Vinyl's eyes are magenta because the target demographic felt red eyes were scary
Rex_Mundi, YEAH That's what everyone keep saying
B-B-BUT LUNA ISN'T LIKE THAT.
Luna's one of my top favorite characters, actually.
but they just deny the truth
could be
YOU SCREWED UP YOUR CHARACTER HASBRO!
THEY ARE MAGENTA
05,15Also, we totally need Trixie to come back, and have it revealed that she has no motivations, she's just a bad pony.
The HUE is magenta
fluttercry: Oh please let that happen.
this chat sure is muddy right now...
Luminosity DOESN'T CHANGE THE HUE
fluttercry: But she really isn't bad at all.
also fluttercry likes playing with ashe right ?
05,15yup
CrimsonPhoenix: Magic
DocSane: SHE'S A COMPLETE DOUCHE
Trixie is just arrogant
It's cool. Fanon evolves with canon.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrQtHB7gBLo
She's a braggart, but she didn't do anythign except challenge others to a skills contest and then beat them.
Rex_Mundi, Just keep denying the truth
Her eyes a MAGENTA
PERIOS
PERIOD**
fluttercry, please. Anything other than the "sad, misunderstood 'I JUST WANT TO BE LOVED'" character everyone loves writing. -_-
CrimsonPhoenix: Nay! I say magic!
05,15I like the how to play garren comment
suddenly Ninjazz
oh boy, the fanon keepers are out in full force
if trixie returns,she'll either have restarted her show, or be a homeless bum with no money to her name
DocSane: Bollocks, she didn't even demonstrate the same skills, she just incapactitated the challengers.
05,15lol dat video
Rex_Mundi, yeah like I said just keep denying the truth
fluttercry I like the idea of her wanting revenge on Twilight Sparkle for humiliating her, as it would be in her eyes. Then again, "Turnabout Storm" is covering that . . .
How to play Garren?
DEMACIA.
oh man
And I doubt they'll dothe former after the Derpy Incident
DAMN IT FLASH
Spectrum_Rush, and suddenly Terra.
S'all you need to know.
Trixie>Diamond Tiara IMO
You spin me righ round like a record
05,15Hide in bushes, spin, win
Look, I think the character that got the worst shaft was Gilda.
Latter*
I can forgive bragging but being blackmailed? NO.
using that crappy phonix wright pony movie for headcanon justification
I think Luna was handled perfectly. There is a mix of socially awkward Luna, gaming Luna (the fun has been doubled), out of date Luna, regal Luna, shy Luna, and remorseful Luna. Buck, they even had a dash of wrathful Luna. :)
Silver spoon > Diamond tiara
how can you even
05,15Miss Fortune? Slow them down, use the wave shot thing, win
ASoftFluffyThing: agreed
one of my favorites http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZA69aLMhy1M
Sorry, used the wrong word
0,5Nini
Ninjazz: theres no Terra here watcha talkin bout :S >_><_<>_><_<
/me nearly got blackmailed and it wasn't fun
Also guys
Nacht BM.
05,15lol
05,15These are awesome
Derpy can never be the "Doctor Whooves" assistant
Comes back to visit the one cool pony she knew, has to deal with some ADHD nutball butting in all the time, and then has her friend reject her in favor of said nutball.
it's true
Colgate
Spectrum_Rush, I'm not sure. >_____>
he's not even in the show
Colgate's name is actually Romana Minuette
I was blackmailed once.
http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=ELU3zNneAzAjU&feature=plcp playlist if you want
Ninjazz: next you'll be askin' for Rohan >_><_<
Lyra and Bon Bon aren't marefriends
Hearts and Hooves day... Derpy and "Time Turner" are seen together on the overhead view of ponyville! :P
boy, you're grasping for straws
brb guise i am going to clean my keyboard :(
But they ARE friends
05,15We also need Gilda to come back in some fashion that ruins her fanon character
05,15thank you
Spectrum_Rush, I don't know a Rohan. Wait, please tell me that's LotR thing.
It was more of a case of if you can't tolerate mynew friends, maybe we shouldn't be friends anymore
fluttercry, you mean being lesbian for Rainbow Dash?
every damn character has been warped into a twisted fanon version by now
everyone needs to be friends.
fluttercry, you mean as a total lesbian for RD?
Ninjazz: yes
Lunar_Brony: :O Who would blackmail you?! You're AWESOME...AND CANADIAN! :$
Buytoast even lickety split?
not even a shred of the original aspect of them has truly remained
05,15that would confirm fanon
what other fanon can we destroy
If they ruined the fanon for every character I'd just laugh.
It'd be glorious.
Wah, I don't like fanfics at all, so I pray for the show to go out of it's way to rape and pillaige fanon! Real mature guys! BWAHAHAHA!!! :D
i wish they would
The thing is, the staff use the fanon to create the canon characters.
05,15Dude, if I was at Hasbro, I would do that
fluttercry, I meant her fanon character that needs to be destroyed.
richfiles, I enjoy fanfic
I mean, Derpy ended up with the muffins thing actually made official.
When?!
but there is a limit where I draw for fanon and canon
just take a hammer and smash the fragil hivemind mentality revolving the non main characters
it's my birthday!! i just right now became 13
like I do not consider any of the fanon facts as show facts for one
Dr. Whooves is now referred to by that name by the staff.
red's input: ...
05,15Season 3 is only 13 episodes because it's a systematic destruction of fanon
happy birthday jimmy
your life will be filled with ought but strife and misery
DocSane, is it in the show?
Happy birthday jimmy
You know, the sign of good fanon is when they make LOGICAL estimations of the characters ALREADY MADE. You don't create more character traits, you work with them.
CrimsonPhoenix: No, but it shows up in the storyboard notes I've seen posted.
LOGICAL
AHAHAHA
Two of the episodes are about some race of ponies called Crystal Ponies
DocSane, if it's not on the show
I hate how 'Pinkamena' meens depressed alter ego of Pinkie Pie, like Pinkamena isnt pinkie pies full name when shes normal and happy, somehow.
Then it's NOT CANON
NEXT
CrimsonPhoenix: Derpy got canonized and then decanonized.
Confirmedby Hasbro themselves
wasn't pinkemina a middle name?
I said nothing on Derpy
It's her real name.
/me is at gold's house
but she's a rare case
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0Hk1HNfkUI
/me this chat is hilarious
Its Pinkamina Diane Pie
seems about right
Derpy got a hold of a canon... but then... "I just don't know what went wrong!" :P
no wait, her middle name was Diane
CrimsonPhoenix: Actually, it kind of got confirmed by Hasbro because they made WeLoveFine change the spelling from Whooves to Hooves.
Pinkamena*
Pinkamena was Pinkie's first name, middle name Diane, last name Pie. Pinkie is a nickname
thanks you ASoftFluffyThing
Nope. Pinkamena Diane Responsibility Pie
DocSane, it's still not in the show
man DocSane, you just keep hainging on to whatever shreds you can muster up
05,15The best part about these are they are 100% true
Not in the show means not canon
So, where's SB's stream?
Buytoast: This whole fandom mainly consists of fans scribblings notes in the margins.
The eternal aether
Canon is either in the show, or confirmed by the creators
Oh, 13 episodes of season 3 will bring the show to syndication, if more episodes than that are produced that G4 will be larger than G1! Also, I think a two parter or a movie will be made.
Or he hasn't started yet
guys, describe the Yugioh movie in one word (besides WMC lol)
Ugh
happy birthday jimmy ( typed and sent on the same laptop that jimmy is on :P )
zombies
Cranberry_Scotch, words of Lauren herself, if it's not in the show then it's not canon
Cranberry_Scotch: Please. I'm a Doctor Who fan. Canon arguments are par for the course.
05,15how to play Lulu. Press Q. It's support so it's balanced and fair
DocSane, I love doctor who as well
Cranberry_Scotch: Even stuff that shows up on the show will be contradicted by stuff from later shows.
... jimmy just called me randomly pointless....
I'm seeing a TV film possibly, but it's a streach
but I still can draw the line between fanon and canon
hi :D
Still no stream yet?
hai Sweetie_Belle
hi Sweetie_Belle
A film is possibly in the works
it's
It'd be like the 2 parter episodes, only without the break in the middle.
hi Sweetie_Belle.
AND still rushed.
im back!
Cranberry_Scotch: The city of Atlantis sank for three totally incompatible reasons in old Doctor Who.
guys, describe the Yugioh movie in one word (besides WMC lol) please ^_^
Oh hi Sweetie_Belle.
i got my new computer :)
Noisy
05,15dammit. now I really want to play LoL but I don't have the time
NocturnalBlade: It didn't get WMC'd
The Yu-Gi-Oh movie in one word: Bullshit.
Strange
/me be off to listen to numbers stations. :)
ninight all!
Y-G-O was "expository".
VenHur, you mean FRIENDSHIP
Kurra: dream of ponies
/me tucks ERRPONY in bed, slumber party! :)
NocturnalBlade, YELLING.
That's DBZ
Bye Kurra.
hey sorry i wasn't chatin i was AFK what did i miss?
Night Kurra
sorry to aska second time, just thought everypony was distracted with the whole cannon argument
Inceptions was expository /me feels bad
Ninight. :>
night Kurra
*inception*
Sketch_Toku_Brony it's a long story, but I'll try to summarize it as best as I can. Back in my elementary years, I think it was grade 4, there was a kid that basically the entire class had a reason to hold a grudge against. I tried to ignore him, but for some reason he vented his anger on me. One day, he told me he'd give me a black eye if I went anywhere near him. I tried for months, but then he walked over to me. Told me get
Sweetie_Belle: Will you name your new computer "Cutie Mark Aquisition Program"?
that was longer than I hoped..
tl;dr
ASoftFluffyThing: yelling is Dragon Ball Z's thing
yelling is an anime thing
Cranberry_Scotch, a lot of yelling was in the YGO movie as well.
http://i261.photobucket.com/albums/ii56/Near8821/TL3BDR.jpg
SuperBrony64 where oyu hiding?
Lunar_Brony: man that guy sounds like his life wasnt 20% cool enough
DocSane: lol...i name it the fluttershy program :$
non CGI movies have it really rough in US theatres nowadays
*animated movies*
Rex_Ivan: They expected Battleship to do well.
IM not Rex_Ivan damnit!:[:D
did anyone like RE6?
Swearing is one Piece's thing
Rex_Ivan: They don't really expect an MLP movie to be a blockbuster.
/me prays Battleship did poorly
I saw thursday that they're making Judge Dread in 3D
It's already out...
Ever since Funimation took over, that is
Damn autocomplete. Sorry, Rex.
oh
DocSane I expected it to do well. Hell, I have a plotline that anyone I ask who's seen the movie agrees is better.
never seen it, was it as cheezy?
Dken2021, wait. Do you mean the new one or are they remaking the original in "stunning" 3D?
no stream :(
so jimmy(duh), silver, cystal, red, blue, green ( and me of coures !) are all at my house in new bark town for jimmy's birthday
I belive it was for 3D, so a rerelase I think
oh god pokemon RP
05,15Alright, I'm going to bed. Night everyone
05,15Also no RP!
seeya fluttercry
Night flutterchu
night fluttercry
Night fluttercry
night fluttercry
I'd watch it. Don't know about everyone else.
g'night fluttercry
flutterchu, sorry for the misping
Dken2021, aaahhh. Then I was referring to the new one that came out a month ago I believe.
night fluttercry
nite flutterchu
nacht fluttercry.
Rex_Mundi: inb4 people bitch about because it expectations were too high.
night fluttercry
*about it
Ninjazz oh, didn't know there was a new one
(why we're at my house and not jimmy's house i don't under stand tho...)
man, I'm out of the loop of new films
If they can get the Sex and the City/Bridesmaids crowd into an MLP movie, then maybe a strong MLP movie could work.
As am I
Dken2021, eyup. I think I heard someone say it was decent enough.
I saw the new Resident Evil movie, it was entertaining as a mindless film. Not a good movie, and deffinatly a terrible Resident Evil "adaptation"
Know what, might watch a film this weekend in the theatres. Anyone with a better social life than mine care to recommend any?
Looper, I guess
hey Phase4 did you check dis bundle ? http://groupees.com/bm5
AJIsAwesome|Busy when you think about it, you realize why. Battleship is a household name. Even if you haven't played the game, you atleast know the idea. What the movie did was take the name and slap aliens onto it.
That one with Joseph Levitt? YES.
i agree Rex_Mundi lol RE 1 w/ the bad voice acting was BETTER imo :D
Man its chilly night over here
Oddly enough, I heard Dredd 3D is pretty good.
T you never check skype, want to see what the current group image is?
^what i heard too.
Back! My keyboard is clean :)
00,02TheGreatAndPowerfulT, don't really want any of those games
Ninjazz: Yeah, that's Looper
...
Tovler, actually been wanting to watch that, thanks for reminding me.
Ninjazz depends on the theatre. Smaller theatres show movies that the 12-cinema IMAX theatres showed a month ago.
Ooh, Frankenweenie is out
gah, no
Lunar_Brony, I live on a tiny island out in the Pacific. The theatre here is SMALL.
Heh dat soon face
/me picks a Tim Burton movie for A.
A shame The Raid isn't playing as a double feature with Dredd.
Ninjazz okay. What's playing in the next couple days?
anyone got soon opinions of the Silent Hill movie coming out?
*some
nnope
Lunar_Brony, I have absolutely no idea.
oh was lotto today? or is it tommorow?
today
Spectrum_Rush, today.
Spectrum_Rush: it was today
Ninjazz -____-
that doesn't help
at all
/me checks homepage
Will Bronycon have a place to swap MLP trading cards for people who have multyples?
Lunar_Brony, well... judging by the commercials, Looper and Dredd are going on I think.
And other's too uninteresting at first glance that I CBA to remember the titles.
Ninjazz okay, I can only give you a synopsis of one and a "by ear" opinion on the other.
Anyway, I think it's time I went to bed.
nite DocSane
night DocSane
nice choice CrimsonPhoenix
hello
seeya DocSane
AdamTheDuck: sup son!
g'night DocSane
DocSane: dream of ponies
That's the hard part about waking up so damn early. I fade at midnight
Spectrum_Rush, Mmmh?
hi weegee2062
goodnight DocSane
Lunar_Brony, I was going to go spin the idea of watching Looper with my mother and brother but alright.
Night
wllo weegee2062
Nacht DocSane.
I just took it for one reason only
CrimsonPhoenix: A movie
when will the show start
When does the magic begin?
Yeah I just took it for one reason only
kinda already did, but you can come back tomorrow
or stay with us
im still new to this
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s80vveaXhH4 This....is my only reason I pick that movie
Have you read the rules and glanced over the FAQ, weegee2062?
and i just became a broniy
coolio
yes
brony
oh nice a Newfoal
weegee2062: The show started at 7 PM EST and was over a little while ago
Already one step better than most newfoals.
weegee2062, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ix7vrluEm4E
o, a new person? hi weegee2062
DAMN IT, CrimsonPhoenix.
I hope Maxiburger updates this weekend, im looking forward to episode 20s comments. http://maxiburger.tumblr.com/
hi:)
CrimsonPhoenix: just that song Or cause of good ost in movie over all
just that song
Meanwhile what ?
Spectrum_Rush, do you know why JUST that song?
Ah... :) Windows Setup... This can't possibly be difficult! :$
weegee2062: http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2637/
woop chat derped
http://i.imgur.com/KRMWX.jpg
weegee2062: It will encore at 2 PM EST. At 10 AM EST there should be a Hub stream.
:( The King's Speech looks like one of those Full-Screen kind of movies like The Godfather
my cutie mark would be a video game controller
my mind just broke
we got light snow this morning
ok so what'd you say CrimsonPhoenix ?
:)
Didnd't they say that SuperBrony would be along later?
weegee2062: :O we have something in common ^_^
I said that I pick the movie only for that song along
do you know why?
yeah
:)
no why?
Ninjazz I just looked up "Looper" on imbd, so you can see if you like it. It's a Bruce Willis movie, so yeah http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1276104/
why CrimsonPhoenix
Because it's a great song? :S
Your group sounds like fun.
whats an anit-brony
And very strange.
they call me "The MoonRaper"!!
oh cool weegee2062, have any favorite games?
Lunar_Brony, Aaaawwww yes.
whens the stream gonna come
I picked Big Fish for the vague brony references, mainly Edward Bloom = Apple Bloom and The Story of the Blanks parallels.
00,02Meanwhile, i'm reminded of the blarrarrarrg meme
http://derpy.me/VrU1X This is why
Keep calm and blarraarrg.
minecraft, borderlands 2 there just so many i cn't say them all:$
can't
Super for B because of the blatant tentacle hentai scene.
oh wow CrimsonPhoenix :D
weegee2062 ah it;s cool, it happens to the best of us :P
Ninjazz this one's about Dredd. From what I hear, the effects are good and use of slow-motion is incredible, but I think it was Sumi who went and saw it. Him or Shizuka, I can't remember. Rated R, and this is the Canadian rating, which is looser than what the US says http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1343727/
Well I'll be darned... Hard drive C IDE connected, no power. Drive D power but no IDE... What the buck??? :)
I hoping for a Future Fallout movie, hopefully based on new Vegas and not FO3.
what happends 6_9
13shizu does not go out to see movies
k
what happends6_9
Movies go out to see Shizu?
well that sure is neat CrimsonPhoenix
Shizu waits for rifftracks of movies.
13nope
umm
Spectrum_Rush, indeeed
Lunar_Brony, sounds good.
canadia!
yo
KANAADAAAAAAAAA.
/me waits for the Rifftrax of The Avengers
any bronies near new york
nowhere close bro
weegee2062: we all make mistakes with our grammar lol
US elections for President are getting closer.
undoubtedly
Dumb chat was derped 6_9
oh
US Election = Dumb or Dumber
Chat derped again.
dumbest
We really are screwed for the next 4 years
Canada Election = . . . umm . . .
no raging please
any one close to ottawa?
/me votes for Obama and tells his friends he voted for the Green Party
RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG:[
canadia
dat rage
Tovler LoLz
what to know how i becam a brony
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NwLo-5vo9n4 skip to 3:05
6_9 the music in Rayman Origins' "Swimming with the Stars" level sounds like an eerie singin of those Loco Rocos from that PSP game
no one votes for the green party
05img gettign the hang of this
05oh well
05sleepy tiem
i do
Lunar_Brony: lol so true
05gnight all Å:Å
nite Wrek
Nacht Wrek.
night Wrek ^_^
Bye, Wrek.
g'night Wrek
Lunar_Brony: less then 1%
bye
Time to set the stick down and stop causing...wrecks.
night Wrek
Night Wrek
nit Wrek
Night Wrek
:)
I hate that its a 2 party system in the US, id vote for the communist party if they had a canidate this year, just so 3rd parties have more influence. Not really a communist but I am a socilist, so theres that...
Sketch_Toku_Brony: The song when you're deep underwater?
Ah, Windows Setup... Round 2... Surely nothing can go wrong! :)
LoLz, Bush
voting for Green Party or Gary Johnson is what's hip in town.
Ron Paul was the only sane candidate
ah, Jill Stein is her name.
just kidding i'm to young to vote
in anycase, my vote is for obama, i like him and think he has done an alright job
AJIsAwesome|Busy: YES its so spooky 6_9 i like it :$
Everypony's too afraid to vote for him cause he's old, and cause they fear their vote would be "wasted"
Sketch_Toku_Brony: Same here. I LOVE it. I actually fall asleep to it sometimes. :$
harper!
ftw
Romney is a liberal plant to get Obama reelected
Who's Gonna Run This Bitch?
my favorite pony is twight sparkle :3
harper for president
Politics are stupid
Rex... Alright if you like a stagnant economy and erosion of our rights
:D
Bill Clinton
Spectrum_Rush: Lol :D
AJIsAwesome|Busy: lol it sounds like something in Resident Evil :D RAYMAN REVELATIONS "Globox! Where's Globox?"
:3
Sketch_Toku_Brony: :D
:3
/me hehhehheh I knew you'd be back :S
Looks like no one is streaming as of now...
I'd ALMOST vote for Clinton... Just to give Leno and Conan somethig to talk about! :D
chat derped
Romney is very fake, he was governer of Massachusetts and he said that he really though of Massachusetts as his real home, even though he only had a vacation home here and he spent his life in utah. And once he became govener, he spent most of his time out of state, entrenching himself in the republican party.
what so funny
Whose Line is funny
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4D1htaBxwk
so have some
Guise stahp politics are evil
:D
Welp, 5:30 is as good a time to go to bed as any.
Night everyone.
Bye, Meanwhile.
nite Meanwhile
night Meanwhile
g'night Meanwhile
XD night Meanwhile
Meanwhile: dream of ponies
OneTrickPony it stops us from discussing ponies
night Meanwhile
nighty night
Dken2021: so true
and that's terrible
brb
You think theres a pony Parliment? Or is equestria an absolute monarch?
anypony what to play minecraft
Rex_Mundi: lol as Dave from Code Monkeys said to Nancy Reagan on the 420 special "Man F*yay*K *insert name here*!F*yay*K Them SO HARD Their false teeth fall out!" :D lol i miss Code Monkeys
I've actually never thought of that. I'm not much of a lore person in terms of shows. Sorry. :$
Oh my god....I just watch a trailer of my movie of choice
and . . ?
now I'm genuily interested
what movie is it?
Sketch_Toku_Brony: me too, i'm glad its on netflix
The King's Speech
Anypony here know if I can just run "Repair Windows XP" and enter a new license code if I migrate an old hard drive to a new computer?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4H7G9CH1nc&feature=relmfu
Rex_Mundi: Seems like it might be a pure monarchy.
Hey guys theres this indie game on the xbox that says "Princess pony's happy bounce" i was like WTF thats great lolz
CrimsonPhoenix oh . . . OH. YOU chose that movie!
Lunar_Brony, yah
Well, time to start the new Lunar republic then...
why?
o hai Moopy
sup dude
CrimsonPhoenix because I haven't seen it
hi Moopy
Moopy: my man!
me neither
eeyup
nice
^-^ I'm the first one ever to get Dragon Quest played here on BMN.
Same here.
but now I'm GENUILY interested in that movie
Goodnight everypony. Time for bed.
Seems like a very good movie to me.
g'night Rex_Mundi
Nite Rex_Mundi.
night Rex_Mundi
Also, Night Rex_Mundi. :)
night Rex_Mundi
im looking at the new release indie games here on the xbox
Dragon Quest RAWKS like Peewee BAWKS!!!
:)
There is no King George, only Winston Churchill.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ooy2LTJoMVM&feature=g-vrec
nite rex_mundi
LoL
Okay I'm out of this chat.
Night all who remain
umm care to share you all became bronies
Still no stream huh?
nnope
not right now richfiles
not like that
The_Scientist: lol i though this was how the pyramids were made :D http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZ9uuV2z8Gk
What do you mean, weegee2062?
Sketch_Toku_Brony LoLz
And chat slowly goes back to slumber.
what
is the stream up?
but lol
Sketch_Toku_Brony: :D
I don't have it up.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfHyZO07oWk&feature=relmfu
0_o thank god ponies arent gummi bears http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W0w5oGVwJ_Q&feature=endscreen&NR=1
ello everypony :)
weegee2062: You said "not like that". What did you mean by your question. exactly?
we gonne get some streaming up in here or no?
ero
Ohai NENUDJUS
Was afk :P
i don't know
Y U NO STREAM!!! I have to blow 39 minutes of Windows XP installation with nothing butt a spinning buffer icon!!! :'(
watch Whose Line when I post it
Southland Tales would make for an interesting BMN chat.
Sorry. I like Whose Line, but it's not really my style of comedy. That's why I don't really watch most of them.
any one what to take control of da videos
I mean, it's funny, but it's not "laugh out loud" funny to me.
be patient weegee2062, IIRC SuperBrony64 will pick up the stream at some point
Yeah I know what you mean AJIsAwesome
I haven't watched it in a long time though
I post it periodically
can i haz tom
sure
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZHPV57qzPM8&feature=relmfu
Chat derped for me...........AGAIN.
did you miss Whose Line?
welp my sleep schedule is fcked again
Nope.
Wirisme: GO TO BED. :D
Wirisme thanks you Whose Line?
*to
...
Southland Tales with Jon Lovitz as a dark kinda evil cop.
well I'm tired so have a spiderjack http://youtu.be/-5jKuYOotsA
or just Bronystate in general?
thanks to you wonderful people :D
is no one streaming? just got here o.e
hi TheKatPony. Nnope
TheKatPony: yea, no stream right now lol
My plan is to lie down and maybe get woken up by a stream at some point
k
well just spam you with pings lol
oh :D
So yeah going to bed now
I would tell you I'd ping you when streamcomes on, but I'd forget in 3 seconds
g'night CrimsonPhoenix
My head is falling
Night~
nite crim
http://static4.fjcdn.com/comments/ok+for+one+only+one+person+knows+i+watch+this+_c55fe10aa0a6255e8cd3527fdac51f08.jpg
night CrimsonPhoenix
night CrimsonPhoenix. :)
goodnight CrimsonPhonenix
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWO5Ai_a80M&feature=channel&list=UL
Nite CrimsonPhoenix.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0QX0lz9PnVo&feature=relmfu
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vHRMeRszw4
Drew doesn't do a DAMN THING
still have it ^^
Who's Drew?
night CrimsonPhoenix
Nacht CrimsonPhoenix.
11,02Lunar_Brony: I'm not streaming right now, sorry :(
k
I have Whose Line, so . . . yeah
man, i'm getting pretty sick of gaming channels. which is sad, since that's all I used to watch
/me riverdances
woah http://i.imgur.com/Fo4fL.jpg
:3
that's cool
^
what is it LOL
TheKatPony: a ladybug
oh.
GRAGH BUG. Kill it! Kill it with hydrochloric acid!
it looks like a beetle :P
it's scary
Dken2021 . . . seems legit . . ?
Dken2021: I hate bugs
THE GOLDEN NUMBER
Rainbow Dash is a beetle?
good evening everypony :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zXoZykfOGpA Minecraft
Hey Kirz. How you's been?
hi kirzstryfe :)
Hi, kirzstryfe. :)
night kirzstryfe
hey kirzstryfe
whoops
Ninjazz: http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02072/carrots_2072993b.jpg
LOL
hi kirzstryfe
oh thats right brony club got approved at school :$
NIce.
OneTrickPony: 0_o
OneTrickPony, http://images.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw4058-text-huge.gif.
no way
Ninjazz: XD
ah the giant weta
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jz3WVXuDetQ&feature=relmfu
Helping Hands is fun to play
G'night ya'll.
g'night Kinixys
night Kinixys
Night, Kinixys. :)
goodnight Kinixys :)
bai Kinixys
night Kinixys :)
Nacht Kinixys.
how do you make a link to a video
Have fun!
copy and paste
....
?
weegee2062 copy the URL, paste it in the chat, and hit "enter"
nite kinixys
uh yeah
g
f
e
42
OK, I guess my chat is not dead
did anypony ever make an image macro out of that buffer that happened earlier?
69
64
well im off 2 bed night everypony :)
PaladinDrakkenwolf: Which one?
Also. Lunar_Brony Wins... Everything
g'night ske-
DAH
34
AJIsAwesome: the one during the smile song
night Sk- gone:(
richfiles really? Thanks :)
PaladinDrakkenwolf: Okay.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7JxWt2OeHc&feature=related
42 is best pony number! and also the answer to everything or some such thing! :)
mah sonic screwdriver is almost here /)^3^(\
Yay! :)
why am i tired, its only midnight >.>
hey evry pony
hi therainbowvortex
Lunar_Brony: you should give a try sometime :)
sup therainbowvottex
Hi, therainbowvortex. :)
ello therainbowvortex
hi therainbowvortex
salutations therainbowvortex
Dear God... I want to BOOT.INI my PC through an open Windows XP Pro!!! :[
Lunar_Brony: bonjour mon bon monsieur
whats the streem]
nothing~
THis exiting spinnnig buffer icon has been on for like an hour! :P
its okay, I like the buffer show
NENUDJUS I barely passed French
Lunar_Brony: did he have a leather jacket?
i love that show
Lunar_Brony: to bad :/
Is there a stream?
DerpyMuffins not atm
No theres no stream
ah
What happen to the aftershow?
Sid SuperBrony64 forget about us?
no idea
NENUDJUS meh, I don't mind. I just can't grasp a second language
I left after the card movie came on lol
Lunar_Brony: i see
no stream?
nnope
nope
richfiles: maybe he fell asleep at the controls :D
it's friday night, and it's a bit tiring at 11pm
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czJnLyTgX2A&feature=relmfu
Set the controls for the Heart of the sun (Princess)
yeah, its only midnight here and im getting tired
I just read a piece of literature that touched my soul
richfiles he pinged me saying he isn't going to stream tonight
Damn I sound like a hippie
about one here and i'm starting to get a little droopy eyes
NOOOOOO!!!
What was it, DerpyMuffins? :)
*eyed
that, or it was going to be a while unti he streams
lol not really DerpyMuffins
the bast villen in mlp was spike
Spike?
Lunar_Brony: it suck for me i learn four language :/
y spike
Umm
Spike's not a villain.
Why does Windows XP Pro hate me? :'(
Let me see
what about the great and powerfull trixie
the moustach
NENUDJUS yikes.
I forgot I was there
spike, of course, the fiend!
richfiles dunno, Windows loves me
weegee2062: Spike +moustache=evil?
yes
but anything Apple hates me with a vengenace
windows wants me dead
*vengence
It hangs with the second reboot and says it'll take an ETERNAL 39 minutes to instal.
Spike isnt really a villain as he is a ball and chain
or at least my pc
**vengeance?
so the apple family hates you
screw spelling
Cya everypony
-sniff-
Lunar_Brony: ukrainian is first, germam second, engish third, french last :P
Lunar_Brony: what about Apple Bloom, or Applejack?
see ya DerpyMuffins
weegee2062 no, the computer company
oh
Have some Royksopp. :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmatItacEvM
dose anypont think the great and powerfull trixie should come back 4 revenge
Lunar_Brony: german*
bye derpymuffin
I think Trixie should come back anyway
therainbowvortex: Not really revenge, but more redemption than anything.
^^
no but came back fore help whould be great
therainbowvortex: revenge or redemption lol
I'd like to see her again. She has a big horn
:|
And Luna should get more screen time :D
AJIsAwesome: redempiton
* faceplam
TheKatPony: of course lol
NENUDJUS wow, but being multi-lingual has alot of benefits
Luna needs at least one featured episode in Season 3.
No kidding
agreed
So does Celestia.
no two
Rainbow Dash, Luna, Lyra.
Lunar_Brony: yes work :3
how bout no
or three
Lunar_Brony: Agreed :)
I say, a royal pony sisters episode! What happens on the other end of a friendship report! :)
11,02I'm a cookie o3o
I was just listing my 3 favourite ponies
Can I eat you?
11,02D:
:D
/me noms on SuperBrony64
no
you taste awful
SuperBrony64 is here! :)
/me steals SuperBrony64 because he is cookie :<
like . . . coffee
11,02:O
I loathe coffee
^
howdy SuperBrony64
/me glomps SuperBrony64
i hate coffee too lol
SuperBrony64: http://derpibooru.org/114625?scope=scpee797e8c7c16183d62da95919900ca5c09c6b09e0 :3
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WeWFE2DAN3I&feature=related
I'm petting my cat... Well... was. Now I'm typing, but I'm about to b petting her again! :$
SuperBrony64: you going to be streaming soon?
clones superbrony64
AdamTheDuck: hello there bud welcome back to .... everything!
ohai SuperBrony64
/me noms NENUDJUS
thelonepony: D'aaawwwww
...
OH HEY
hello stream
oohh xbox
Lunar_Brony: and thats how we get a chubbie twilight lol
I ish playing TF2 with Ponies47 :3
i was stuck at my friends 4 the last 3 days and hes baned from this site so i couldnet go on
/me glops AJIsAwesome
:O
why yes ad, i do enjoy asian women
AdamTheDuck he's online?
You're so nice to us c:
but i've been using incognito mode
seeeeegaaaaa
SEGA
oh shit
NiGHTS?
SuperBrony64: YEW.
*YES
a SuperBrony64 stream :3
:O
dat stream
finally
SuperBrony64: THANK YOU.
NiGHTS into Dreams!
Nights into dreams!
I got to go see ya guys later ^_^
Bye, OneTrickPony. :)
Buytoast download Adblock Plus, or some other respective advertisement-blocking add-on
seeya OneTrickPony
later OneTrickPony
cya later OneTrickPony
i don't mind the ads
Lunar_Brony, eeyup
bye freind
i just find them ridiculous sometimes
i wasn't expecting NiGHTS
wow now THIS is an old game
this is a good night
there it goes
and buffer
I don't even know what this game is
^^
Lunar_Brony: it's....different
what game
all I saw was "Sega" and decided to go with it
:D
Im more of a pc gamer owo
Coolmatt's Xbox 360
lol
I'm almost straight Nintendo
OH MY GAWD!!!! The DVD-ROM drive light is flashing!!! I think it's installing!!! :)
pc , ps3
SuperBrony64: you got Iron Brigade or Castle Crashers?
Anypony here got borderlands 2 on PC?
me
le blunderlands 2?
I'm looking for someone to play with
11,02otakon: I have Castle Crashers :)
me
my friend has Borderlands 2 for PS3
86% done YEAAAAAAAAAAH
~lvl 45-50 Playthrough 2
and it is AWESOME!!
SuperBrony64: we should play together sometime man!
im only leave 12
incase many of you don't know, SONIC ADVENTURE 2 is on xbla and psn now
gota go 4 dinner bye every pony
minecraft
bye therainbowvortex
with a whopping size of 2.30 gigabytes
seeya therainbowvortex
later therainbowvortex
see ya
weegee2062 minecraft is fun and addicting
yes
^^
richfiles watcha installing?
XP pro
im playing it know
ah
the quality is pretty bad for me lol I cant really tell whats going on
this game reminds me of Sonic Colours, but I'm not entirely sure why
My computer died a slow and agonizing death of obsolesence, so I got a used PC... But it only had Win 2000 Pro,a dn The MAIN software I run would not run on anything less than XP Pro. It's been YEARS since I was able to use it.
man, i wish i had this game and not just teh demo disk with it on it
then again, that goddamn asshole clock always got me
hello
hi flutterchu
hello flutterchu
Ooh, Nights Into Dreams!
VenHur: IKR?
welp my stream died for SOME reason
so this is what nigh's is like let me tell you i did NOT expect it to be like that
fukken internet
*knight
flutterchu: Most people don't. :D
*knit's
inb4 my internet dies in a second again
so it didn't get WMC'd?
flutterchu: *Nights :)
I love my PC :)
http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/363/181/479.jpg
/me nc ghost
AJIsAwesome: thank you
There's a psuedo-remake of the game called Journey of Dreams.
wups
I dont love my pc
yeah, you can't expect it to be like this, especially when every piece of promotional work for it has shit like this involved
flutterchu: No problem. :)
goddamn
Tovler: Nope
Only difference is the story and the human kids...
Gameplay wise is still the same for the most parts.
Hmm. I'm tempted to pick Southland Tales since it would get WMC'd without a doubt
Tovler: What's the synopsis?
But, I got to go to sleep...see ya.
Night, VenHur. :)
nite VenHur
bye
night VenHur :)
night VenHur
brb another person signed up on my camp
my first PC's motherboard fried, my second one (which I bought) won't run any games, and now I'm borrowing a friend's so we can play TF2 together, until I build a new one that is
any one what to play borderlands 2
THE PERSON WHO SIGEND UP IS A BRONY ;u;
nice
Its a pretentious political movie that takes place in a futuristic Los Angeles
awesome
or tf2 or minecraft
Wut ius stream?
dare i ask what horrid thing YOU are having people sign up for?
weegee2062
Tovler: .....Southland Tales? OH GOD PLEASE NO
Rustymeat I have no clue
Tovler: Seems interesting.
ah its alright
That movie is so terrible that space and time itself break around it.
Tovler: Just one question: Why do you think it would get WMC's?
soulrider95 what platform are you playing on?
I'm back from my long-ass trip
Southland Tales is unbearable outside of the thermonuclear babyfart monologue
otakon: but I'm a combat shotgun siren TT_TT
Welcome back, TheRandomkid321. :)
Rustymeat: PC
AJIsAwesome which one, the Yu Gi Oh one?
oh
nevermind
It has no redeemable qualities.
None.
AH.
ah
soulrider95: I'm a damn gunzerker
I see.
moon canon time
im gonna go to sleep, night everyone.
Is Season three out yet? I cannot seem to find any eps of it.
so i guess yugioh didnt get wmced?
TheRandomkid321: Nope.
AJIsAwesome: people will ask, "How much time is left" and the mod will say "1:20:00 left"
twilight_sprinkle nnope.
wait a sec, there was a powerpuff girl movie?
ok good
twilight_sprinkle: Nope, and thank god for it
TheRandomkid321: Not till next month
we should a dbz movie sometime
it would get wmced in 20 minutes
Phear teh Nyanbbit! :3 http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mbfkf1EfNN1rhznrzo1_400.png
twilight_sprinkle: :D
Where did that september theory come from then?
This super badass buzzard is rapin me
Is everyone who is plaing borderlands 2 playing it on PC?
twilight_sprinkle: Espically if it was Evolution
I legitimately like the movie, but I couldn't enjoy it much because the chat wouldnt's top bitching
Seeing the The Rock and evil John Lovitz can only hold your attention for so long
My thinkgeek stuff has arrived ^_^
11,02TheRandomkid321: Awesome :)
TheRandomkid321: What did you get? :)
TheRandomkid321 nice! Whatcha get?
Lunar_Brony: yeah i can understand that, there was an excessive amount of bitching. bitching is only not allowed when its a movie a mod likes :\
so much stuff I cannot be bucked mentioning it all.
If the game has shotguns that is what I use.
Suddenly casinopolis
Yay I reached level 48
That Sonic Adventure pinball music
twilight_sprinkle Scoots liked it, but that's Mr. MLG. He was bound to love it
it seems
Lunar_Brony: To be honestm I was making fun of the movie on purpose. I don't hate it, but it's not a great movie.
*honest
19 minutes... 19 minutes and I can reach the first step to once again being able to program CPLD chips again! Oh digital logic design, how I have missed thee! :)
I know for a fact fluttercry hated it
i cnat say i liked it, but it wasnt unbearable, it was fun to laugh at, ive seen worse movies
twilight_sprinkle: Hardly. WMC is reserved for things that are literally unwatchable.
the only one i know it the one with mojo jojo origins or something like it
11,02Number 39...not bad ><
Lunar_Brony: oh i know tht, he repeated it about 50 times
11,02Need to be better O-O
Lunar_Brony: That's because he doesn't like anime.
CriticKitten: hardly what?
so what kind of genre would you describe NiGHTS?
AdamTheDuck: lol iv been trying to sign in to steam but its so slow lol
twilight_sprinkle: A DBZ movie would survive that cut. :p
laggy day for me...
:<
What is it, AdamTheDuck?
twilight_sprinkle: They're at least watchable, just stupid.
The movie was fine
AJIsAwesome, oh NENUDJUS just can't log into steam. :/
Oh.
CriticKitten: hell no. theyre pathetic, no story, just explosions with a an obvious ending. i couldnt watch them for more than 10 minutes
Now, what Tovler suggested as a B....
CriticKitten: Unless it was Evolution
THAT is a WMC movie
NiGHTS = on rail flight game. What would that classify as???
11,02Here's what the original version of the game looked like O3O
AJIsAwesome that's not an excuse I can accept. I can understand why he wouldn't like anime, but that's pretty general.
The movie is better if you played yu gi oh before and can see how batshit insane some of teh cards are
all the deux machina is amazing
AdamTheDuck: ill brb i have to close this internet to open steam faster :p
ill either vote for an austin powers movie or for otakon's B choice
twilight_sprinkle: Naw, really they're just dumb action scenes. Even those are not nearly what I'd call "unwatchable". Keep in mind that the official bar between WMC is "somewhere between Babes in Toyland and The Last Airbender".
mmhm, delicious deus ex
Lunar_Brony: I agree. He doesn't really seem to give it a chance. However, he did see FLCL earlier this week and kept complaining throughout it.
None of the DBZ movies are anywhere near that bar.
Even Evolution.
twilight_sprinkle: my B choice is Dead Alive(aka Brain Dead) which is a very over the top zombie flick by Peter Jackson
CriticKitten: theres no to laugh at in those movies though, theyre too monotonoues. it gets old very fast, chat will probably just fall asleep after 40 minutes or so
otakon: what about that other B you showed me?
Why no one vote for any horrors? It's October! :<
*nothing to laugh at
I am
twilight_sprinkle: that one was Birdemic
AdamTheDuck: DEad Alive, HELLO
Maybe because I'm not a horror kind f guy?
AdamTheDuck: The mods may show some automatically for a Halloween event
otakon: i know, but why arent you voting for it/
I am voting for Beyong Re-animator
AdamTheDuck Resident Evil?
Rustymeat that's because any show based off a game was designed so A) if you know how to play, you can jump in anywhere in the series and sometimes, but not always, B) they explain how to play at the very beginning of the series
Beyond*
twilight_sprinkle: bc I really want to see Dead Alive
Don't confuse "is bad" with "is fucking terrible to such a degree that it is widely blamed as the cause of all of the world's wars"
Bleh, Resident Evil?
Too much action >.>
CriticKitten: that doesnt matter. a lot of terrible movies are fun to laugh at, which is why they dont get wmced, in dbz theres nothing to laugh at, its just boring
Rustymeat if you're good, you can figure out how to play by watching them play a couple dozen times, but the more complicated a game is, the harder it is to understand
twilight_sprinkle: Not unwatchable. Boring to you, fair enough. NOT unwatchable.
I'm sure they'll do another Halloween event like last year
CriticKitten: not unwatchable to you i guess. its unwatchable to me
twilight_sprinkle: I think we need to sit you down in front of some actually bad movies so you know where the line is.
some of the rules in the anime are complete bullshit
twilight_sprinkle: Because you set your WMC bar way too high.
I'm going to bed, goodnight everyone
k, back. I had to rage about Southland Tales to myself.
http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/340/978/75e.png
CriticKitten: no, its just that i find dbz to be worthless shit
Do not dare vote for that movie, Tovler.
night
I will travel back in time to assassinate you before you can vote for it, if you do.
you want to know a movie I dislike? The Karate Kid (2010) and I have good reasons to support my opinion
We watched that
Lunar_Brony: Shoot. I don't mind.
I believe
CriticKitten: But evil batman-voiced Jon Lovitz
with bleach blonde hair
and it isn't just "remade is never as good as the original"
*remake
twilight_sprinkle: And again, fair enough, but that's just your opinion. We're not talking about stuff that one or two people think are kind of bad or boring. We're talking about films that are quite literally irredeemable garbage from start to finish.
DEAR LOVELY LUNA!!! XP Pro started!!! :)
Things that are panned so badly that the chat starts to die off from watching it.
the two movies are actually quite different. Different ages of the protagonist and antagonist, different time periods, different target audience
THAT WAS CLOSE>
*.
different martial art, which really nags me
WMC isn't supposed to be a "that movie was sort of bad, let's not watch it again" clause, it's a "that was fucking awful, and watching it again will give me cancer" clause.
But Southland Tales only gave me aids
h
Know the difference. And if your bar is set too high, then to steal dari's catchphrase, it's man-the-fuck-up time. :p
it was today
The only two movies to ever be WMC'd were unanimous choices.
And were already critically panned anyways. >_>
all As I see
I wonder why Spider's Tale was taken off the list?
Some movies are just bad enough that you can laugh at how bad they are, while others are too awful for the possibilty of enjoyment from pointing out how bad it is
and imo dbz is wmc-worthy, theres nothing to laugh at and its very boring, so for me thats a wmc, ive managed to enjoy almsot every b-movie ive seen here
I think that was before they establish the WMC rule
maybe it was auto WMCd for being only 40 minutes long?
Whereas most people (thankfully) realized Pyramid of Light wasn't anywhere near it. fluttercry was just overreacting by a lot.
twilight_sprinkle: Have you ever seen The Last Airbender?
CriticKitten: indeed i have
something tells me SB has played this game alot
the chat was bitching too much about this and that for me to really enjoy it
Speaking of that, did they ever air that movie here?
11,02Darn...
That movie was shown. It wasn't WMC'd. Consider THAT before ranking a DBZ movie as WMC-worthy, bro. >_>
Pyramid of Light was noisy. Babes in Toyland was "There's 1 hour left?! k, bye."
(in fact, TLA was shown TWICE)
Also, Nobody was talking about the movie during the second half of Babes.
CriticKitten: Because, like i said, that movie is horrible and has a lot to laugh at, the acting, the crappy green screen, and it just a hilarious fail. dbz takes itself too seriously to be that hilarious, theres nothing to laugh at there, its just boring fights
Pyramid of Light is a bit easier to understand if you know how to play the game, but it isn't required.
Yeah, chat was pretty much overreacting suring the Yu Gi Oh movie. I was doing it mostly because it was fun making fun of the movie.
*during
CriticKitten: if youre saying that people will actually enjoy the monotonous fighting, thats another matter. we cant really know that for sure
Everyone wants to point and laugh at TLA. It can't be WMCd
^
thats my point
^^
SuperBrony64 moo
night everypony :)
I should watch TLA sometime, I got it on DVD
11,02Moo :D
twilight_sprinkle what's TLA?
11,02One more time O-O
bye thelonepony
g'night thelonepony
The Last Airbender
last airbender
Lunar_Brony: the last airbender
night
Bye, thelonepony :)
oh gawd
Uh, people in here were laughing their asses off at Pyramid of Light. There's a 0% chance that any DBZ movie save Evolution would get even close to WMC, dude.
and thanks for the stream SuperBrony64 mpp :3
and seeta thelonepony
moo*
At least they were reacting to Pyramid of Light. Then again, we were reacting to Epic Movie
wuts this
I can understand why that got WMC'd
and I haven't seen it
Too bad I wasn't here for Epic Movie. Would've loved to see how the chat reacted to it.
CriticKitten: the movies i saw, there was nothing to laugh at, it was just fighting. if people dont enjoy the fighting, what do you imagine theyll enjoy then?
You're not even being remotely realistic and you're letting your hate of the movies cloud your judgment. Pyramid of Light is worse than many of the DBZ movies and it's not WMC material. >_>
AJIsAwesome: it was horrible
you mean what's showing now weegee?
I've never seen it, so I wouldn't know.
me neither
is superbrony trying to stream?
(and mind, I *like* Pyramid of Light, I think it's adorkably funny)
Rustymeat: Trying to? He is.
Rustymeat he is streaming
I liked Epic Movie in that you know precisely why its not funny and how it could have been funny.
oh i just remembered a b-movie i once saw with drake bell from drake and josh. but it was pretty tasteless, so cant vote for that
Epic Movie....was just pathetic
CriticKitten: PoL is WMC material if you ask me, it's melodramatic with a oversaturated soundtrack with lot's of innuendo and a non-sensical plot and setting.
or rather dont want to
I dont see anything
oh I see now
Oh my God... I nearly shorted my PSU just now... After installing XP... and that damn other hard drive is flagged with a half installed windows, so if I boot with it plugged in, it asks for the damn Install disk! AHHHHH!@!!DKJNS :)
otakon: Did it involve superheroes?
AJIsAwesome: no
otakon: Your bar is too high
WAIT
Sorry, otakon.
otakon: It's not even close to the level of Babes.
CriticKitten: im being very objective, you on the contrary just say "its not bad enough to be WMC", im actually explaining why it would be wmced
Wasn't meant for you.
AJIsAwesome: it involved grown men playing a card game for the FATE OF THE WORLD
cardgames on motorcycles
CriticKitten: no at least Babes was COHERENT
otakon: I was trying to talk to twilight_sprinkle.
Don't forget long. WMC movies have to wear out their welcome with 1 hour to spare.
twilight_sprinkle: You're not being even slightly objective, you're saying it would be WMC'd because YOU don't like it. I'm telling you that you have no clue what the clause is meant to be used for.
the world make so much sence
AJIsAwesome: ah yes, it did involve superheroes
CriticKitten: PoL is goddamn soap opera for babby
PonyNegZero I don't even understand how the game works like that
Lunar_Brony: join the party
twilight_sprinkle: And it probably comes from not watching enough truly BAD movies to recognize the difference between something that's bad because it's not for you, and bad because it's literally flawed in every conceivable fashion.
Is this NiGHTS?
CriticKitten: skip the personal assaults, ok? i explained that if people dont enjoy the monotonous fights, which i cant know for sure, but if they dont, then theres nothing else in those movies to enjoy, which is why it would be wmced
nights into dreams
if im not mistaken
Yep.
twilight_sprinkle: the whole you not liking DBZ again?
Right, the full title
/me remembers how happy he was to see Will Sasso in Southland Tales.
I have a friend who's a local Yu Gi Oh tournament regular. He's been playing since he can remember and literally grew up with anime. When I asked him how they managed THAT style of gameplay, he said "I have no fucking clue."
otakon: movies in particular
twilight_sprinkle: Exactly. It's YOUR opinion, that's why it isn't worth WMC'ing.
twilight_sprinkle: ah
otakon: im saying i think it would get wmced
eh wah?
the sad part is there really isn't a way to play it IRL, but then again, does anyone know how it works in the first place?
twilight_sprinkle: what would? the DBZ movies? yeah probably not, they wouldn't even be shown I think.
CriticKitten: im not saying its worth wmcing because i said so, im only saying i suspect it would get wmced ecause the fights are monotnous, and if people dont like it, then theres nothing else to those movies. all im saying is that theres a high chance, nothing more
Lunar_Brony: it sure as hell doesn't work like they show in the movie/shows
twilight_sprinkle: You're not getting it. WMC isn't supposed to be an opinion thing, it's a movie that fails on such a tremendous level that it has no redeemable features. It's not opinion, it's a movie that does everything *wrong*.
twilight_sprinkle: "
*"I find the fights boring" != WMC
We already tried to misuse it today, let's stop trying to misuse it please. >_>
/me picks Southland Tales to remind ya'll what WMC is.
CriticKitten: PoL has only ONE real funny scene, other than that it's a lot of yelling and exposition and over dramatic music and lousy music.
So are encores not allowed or something? Even after so long after a movie has been played for BMN?
CriticKitten: DO you mind if I ask you a harmless question?
There is not enough hate in my body for you, Tovler
*Do
I'm too chicken, I'll either pick Super or Brick
If you win, I swear to God you're so assassinated
what?
:|
CriticKitten: win what man?
one of the only reasons I watch Yu Gi Oh is because of the fighting. For a long time, I couldn't play the freaking game, but I watched the show and got it from then on.
I'm lost atm
Lunar_Brony: Same here.
otakon: Tovler wants to pick Southland Tales for his B.
or I love you Phillip Morris for B.
okay what's Southland Tales?
Also can't we get a GOOD B movie for once?
hi AJIsAwesome
Would Kung Pow be considered one?
The same goes for Bakugon and . . . another game people used to play at my school. It was basically battle tops
Hi, DoctoDoctorWho. :)
It would be evil since I KNOW Southland Tales is WMC.
otakon: Let's put it this way. You want to WMC PoL because you didn't like it. Southland Tales is a movie that deserves WMC before it's even shown.
hi DoctoDoctorWho
otakon: the B movie is supposed to be a bad movie
AdamTheDuck: i cant go on steam! keeps saying your internet is to slw :/
Kung Pow is bad but because of Wii U, it pretty much has to be picked
flutterchu: Not really bad, just not that good a movie.
otakon: I believe Linkara joked about it being "so bad that it breaks time and space".
That's a shame NENUDJUS :/
Tovler: Wii U?
AJIsAwesome: your not gonna belive this, but Im tired.
DoctoDoctorWho: How?
11,02DArn
Tovler what does the Wii U have to do with anything?
this game is liek.......bubsy bocat + super mokey ball 2 + sonnic the headgehog + kirby air rid = this
CriticKitten: no I want to WMC PoL bc it's a lousy movie that's ONLY redeeming feature is getting made fun of and not event hat bc it takes itself SO seriously it breaks itself. It's pretenious, over dramatic, the music is too goddamn in the way. It's a goddamn mess and it's nothing more than an extended card games commercial.
DoctoDoctorWho I'm tired, sore, and emotionally wrecked. Join the club.
CriticKitten: it doesn't even play the goddamn GAME right
AJIsAwesome: I think it has something to do with the fact of me getting up at 2 in the morning every morning since september started
AdamTheDuck: but i can go to steam website... odd
AJIsAwesome: The female character constantly makes this Weeyuu sound while she talks.
In Kung Pow
otakon: And yet it's still better than either of the WMC'd movies, and better than several other films we've watched that didn't get WMC'd.
CriticKitten: it takes so many liberties with the rules of the ACTUAL YGO card game that it's worthless even as a goddamn commercial
TheGreatAndPowerfulT:rixie dissaproves
Lunar_Brony: Im just a tired madman, nothing new here
otakon: So by that standard, no-WMC is the right call.
CriticKitten: ...
ehhh ?
YES NIGHTS
otakon that's the point of a B movie, dude. You either make fun of it, legitimately enjoy it, or STFU about it.
I have an issue with one of the movies being ineligible to be picked.
Polydunami: What movie is it?
Spaceballs.
Knights 1?
I can't think of any other unquestionable WMC movies.
otakon: The show takes liberties with the card game too, far more gross than the movie did, so that's rather irrelevant. >_>
Slen: Nights.
Lunar_Brony: okay there IS a difference between a BAD movie and a B movie right? a BAD movie just isn'tenjoyable to watch
er, nights
11,02NiGHTS
that's because it was shown during the annual Tom awards Polydunami, otherwise I would pick it too
CriticKitten: May I ask why you add a Liarjack emote to some of your sentences? Is it because you're implying that you're lying?
Well, where does it say that, Lunar_Brony?
AJIsAwesome: well sorry for not staying longer, but I require sleep. Bye friend:)
otakon: The film is basically just a long episode of the show slapped together, honestly. Nothing more or less.
/me glomps DoctoDoctorWho goodbye :)
otakon of course there is. A bad movie is beyond the point of beingable to make fun of
11,02Awww yeah
Over the years I've noticed how many games, shows, and movies have used godzilla monster noises for monsters.
CriticKitten: and THAT is why it's WMC
otakon: So just like the show?
g'night DoctoDoctorWho
11,02Instant 100 G :D
11,02Night DoctoDoctorWho :)
dat music
SuperBrony64: NICE :O
how I love it
otakon: Gee, I guess that means the movie did a damn good job of imitating the source material then.
:p
11,02That's what I need to do at the end of the level O3O
Polydunami I dunno. I just found out by ear of chat.
CriticKitten: no, THE CARD GAME IT IS BASED OFF OF
if that makes sense
CriticKitten: NOT the series
Doesn't make it official.
seriously it's nothing more than a goddamn advertising ploy
I beat the Oregon trail in 10 seconds today :D Hacks ftw!
"What the"
And If Im up b4 5, thats just Dovah impersonating me, pay no mind. G'night everypony.
otakon: It's a movie based on the show. Ergo it is judged based on the show. And in that sense, it's literally just an episode stretched into movie form.
Night, DoctoDoctorWho. :)
CriticKitten Yu Gi Oh is a card game, which spawned a couple anime series, and some of those spawned movies. Pyramid of Light happens to be one of those movies
I still need to see the non-abridged 2nd YGO movie
CriticKitten: yeah and the show wasn't that good either
otakon: The show takes HORRENDOUS liberties with the show as well.
BANG BANG
otakon: *with the card game, rather
CriticKitten: yeah so it doesn't even do the SOURCE MATERIAL justice
CriticKitten: it's a show based on a card game
otakon depends on the show and your opinion.
Lunar_Brony: You're talking to the wrong guy, dude, I grew up on the original TCG and show. :P
Lunar_Brony: it's YGO
Yu Gi OH
like goddamn BeyBlades
they're fucking spinning tops
seriously that's it
I remember that one duel with yugi and kaiba where kaiba threatened to jump off the tower if yugi wins
THATS ITS
it
Lunar_Brony: So I know that it's a TCG. I also know that the TCG actually was created AFTER the show, and was based on a card game created in the manga.
I LOVED Beyblade as a kid...... :S
11,02otakon: you who likes action figures that have chips in them for games like Skylanders :P
But then my nerd is showing.
Beyblade! That's the other anime I watched growing up!
SuperBrony64: no that's you
Damn, I remember that, Dken2021 :D
Lunar_Brony: /)
Yu Gi Oh, Bakugon, and Beyblade.
Sooooo hows it going?
AJIsAwesome /)
at least DBZ wasn't made to sell merch
but the dub sorta changed that to " the force would knock him off" but their holograms, what force?
Dken2021: I think the dub suggested that he would be knocked off the ledge if Yugi attacked....but that would not make sense, yeah.
Then again, it's a 4Kids dub.
SuperBrony64: dude WHAT are you trying to DO?
Shadow realm :P
otakon: thats what im trying to figure out
time run?
Shadow realm = Negaverse?
maybe
Ash battled Giovanni for the first time ever last week. I should go look at it (is too lazy to do it)
otakon: was about to ask the same thing lol
otakon: Neither was the original Yu-Gi-Oh series. >_>
yea, understood why they did that, but geez
11,02I need to kill this boss in one hit everytime without fail so that when I clear the course with the highest possible score, I get the maximum multiplier.
dat explanation of logic
/me ask Brandon about Yugioh Zexal
*asks*
00,02http://dresdencodak.com/2009/05/11/42-essential-3rd-act-twists/
oh yea, how was zexal?
SuperBrony64, .-. You're starting to sound like my Asian friend who tried too hard at those DDR games
AJIsAwesome the first series was really good. I picked up the game mechanics quite quickly and was engrossed thoughout the entire thing. The series after, however, wasn't really much to look at. Think of it like Yu Gi Oh on motorcycles.
CriticKitten: okay but THAT is not what WE got. We got 90 minutes of people yelling at holograms and acting like it hurt when they got hit. WE got a goddamn extended merch commerciall with LOTS of noise and flash for the kiddies that really is quite lackluster. What it was originally doesn't goddamn mater at this point.
Lunar_Brony: Oh, you're talking about the remade one a couple years back?
I'm told Zexal got better after a while much like GX did in season 3.
http://s1260.photobucket.com/albums/ii571/flutterchu2/?action=view&current=twilightsparkle_zps09df33c2.png
Okay, I'll go ahead and ask. Where was the merch advertisement?
I actually LOVED GX. :$
Seriously. Point to it.
CriticKitten: the cards and the constant saying "This does this, oh THIS card will"
Guys, I have a very serious issue to discuss. Can we pause the stream please?
Season 3 of GX was actually awesome.
CriticKitten: the goddamn cards you iggit
11,02Herostar: Okay, what is it?
Herostar: doubtful
What the What The
otakon: You mean like the show, which was already advertising the card game?
Herostar: um that's up to SuperBrony64 but what's up?
HEY STREAMER SOMEONE HAS SOMTHING TO SAY
This is a matter of internet violation and security
CriticKitten: THAT IS NOT THE POINT
Skype now has a new virus, and a nastyone
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWrv6QmTbsE please watch this, I don't want anyone dealing with what i just did
otakon: No, that is exactly the point. You're claiming that the movie was one big ad. I'm saying "okay, find the ad", and you can't actually do it. <_<
but no really, whats goin on everyponY?
CriticKitten: ON IT'S OWN MERITS IF YOU SAW THAT MOVIE WITHOUT WATCHING THE GODDAMN SHOW IT IS HORRENDOUS EVEN PEOPLE WHO PLAY THE CARD GAME AND WATCH THE SHOW DIDN'T LIKE IT THAT MKUCH.
Herostar: i dont have skype so im safe good luck
I almost lost it all, but since i have CIA coverage, I was able to be saved.
CriticKitten: the cards
does it keep saying "lol is this your new profile pic?" with a link?
CriticKitten: seriously they goddamn explain the cards ever 12 seconds
/me doesn't use Skype... but it seems an ugly situation :S
otakon: Yes, they explained what the cards do. Because it'd be a little hard to follow what's happening if they didn't.
I have skype, but have not used it at all
Please, be wary of this, It's already been in the news
11,02Yes, there is a Skype virus going around that asks you about your Profile pic and gives you a link that downloads a file to your computer.
An evil hermaphrodite from Jaden's childhood gets revenge and all in all, he merges with him/her in friendship.
Correct. I fell for this, For some reason...
Tovler: wait what?
I'm using a new pc now, my last one had a nuclear meltdown
ha, my friend already has it (it is rather obvious that it is a virus, no offence)
I've gotten like 20 messages already today
Thank you for the time. I just want everypony to be safe.
otakon: They explain the cards so that you know what they are and what they do. If they didn't it would seem like they're just making crap up unless you know what the cards do already.
glad i dont have skype
oh, it's just something that's asking for a download link? isn't that easily avoidable?
otakon: Just shouting out what a card does is not an advertisement. There's an actual mechanical reason for doing that: because the only other way to illustrate card effects in the show would be to put a block of text on screen for you to read. REALLY ENGAGING.
^
otakon you're more used to it if you play the game, because you literally narrate your actions.
otakon: that was Season 3 of YGO GX in a nutshell
Hi AJIsAwesome this is the real DoctoDoctorWho and totally not Dovah <_< >_>
. . .
CriticKitten: it's also tons of goddamn exposition and posturing over a goddamn card game every time regardless of the goddamn outcome like it's life of death every time
night everyone
That's more a problem with the way a show like that works, since if you're playing an unrecognizable game, you have to explain to the audience what's going on, or they won't be able to follow.
But it's not a flaw in the movie, just a limitation of creating a movie focused around a game that your audience may not recognize.
otakon it's an anime based off a game, where life-or-death situations are decided by the outcome of the game.
Just watch the Abridged series. They say everything wrong with the movies and show
otakon they treat it like that because, in the show, it is.
otakon: Yes, because the card game in the show is actually sort of a big deal. >_>
otakon: I'm guessing you've never seen shows like, say, Cardcaptors?
CriticKitten: okay STOP using the goddamn AJ emote
CriticKitten: at least THAT has actual MAGIC
otakon: So does YGO.
CriticKitten: half the time it's goddamn holograms in YGO
otakon: Stop being willfully ignorant of what you're talking about.
the ONLY time we see "real" monsters is the ass end of the movie
CriticKitten: I am talking about he MOVIE on it's OWN MERITS
NOT as a whole
My eyes hurt from playing TF2 to much. Is that even possible? O.O
Ponies47: yes
otakon: The show clearly states that the card game is based on a real magical game, and the magic transferred into the cards themselves. Ergo yes, there is magic involved.
Ponies47: No.
This song is relly catchy
hi Ponies47. Yes, because my eyes can get sore from reading too much
So many Scout bots :~;
Now that I thouroghly discussed my concerns, Anyone have advice for fallout new vegas? got it yesterday :)
Ponies47, eeyup .-.
Wait... is this an argument on whether the shows/movies suck? That's like arguing whether toxic waste is bad to ingest...
being overly serious was what hurt YGO 5Ds
Too much filler
Actually it's sort of amusing.
Ponies47, you shouldn't do it too often, take breaks every hour or so~
Dr_Fumbles: no he's saying PoL is not bad enough to be WMC material
dat Ponies47 :3
Playing such a dorky background straight-laced and excessively uptight is actually better than playing it for laughs.
hell the 90 minute time is too long for what it is
5D's was dark
Pardon? any advice for Fallout: nw vegas? just got it yesterday
GX was a bit lighter
There have been some pretty shitty movies. As bad as YGO is, it's most certainly not WMC
CriticKitten: I'd rather them play it for laughs at least then it COULD have been entertaining.
Herostar, play hardcore mode
Dr_Fumbles: so you want to watch it again?
Herostar, it's not as hardcore as you think~
play hardcore and hard
^ yup
otakon: FUCK NO! Not in a million years
AdamTheDuck i learnt that the "hard" way xD
I didn't even watch it once. I actually left
okay guys
I'm out of here for now
getting grief for being on the PC again
Bye, otakon. :)
whichever one the movie was based off of was pretty comedical, but focused on a wide range of characters. The only one I can say bad things about is the one that introduced cards on motorcycles
night all see you tomorrow
?
see ya otakon.
Night
Oh and yes mother AdamTheDuck maybe I should take breaks :P
I mean your backstory is "The main character is possessed by the spirit of an ancient Egyptian pharoah who played magical card games with monsters for control of the entire world." You try to play that for laughs and you will fail. You play that entirely to the vest and straight-laced, you get a massive fan following.
nite, otakon
Night ot....
oh, THAT's 5d'S
g'night ota-
gah
okay, so if 5D's has yu gi oh on motorcycles, WTF am I thinking of?
I kinda wish 5Ds ended after Dark Signers. That last arc just coasted
11,02Gaaaaah
cardgames on motorcycles!
SuperBrony64 your the one streaming?
yeah, that's 5D's
Herostar eeyup
And to be honest, this isn't like Twilight where the series is objectively bad to an offensive degree, folks. I wish people would stop misunderstanding the difference between "objective bad" and "I don't like it bad"
It's too bad the Pokemon show sucked so much. With a different Main Character and better writers, that show could have had some serious potential... but alas...
throwing that YGO melodrama and you can make anything work.
11,02Herostar: Yeah
CriticKitten: Agreed.
Well i'll go to sleep, Goodnight everyone
night
g'ngiht TheGreatAndPowerfulT
Night, TheGreatAndPowerfulT :)
Goodnight everyone who is still in here
Those trailers for Black 2 White 2 with new not-Ash trailers made me drool a bit.
yes this ^
I mean hell, you want a really bad movie? You want to know what WMCs look like? I can start picking some, if you insist, so that you'll get some perspective. Enough to recognize what a truly bad movie is.
:p
CriticKitten: Sure. Shoot. :)
Ash is the worst abomination ever in TV. THE WORST
Well let's start with the obvious pick. I see Manos, the Hands of Fate isn't on the WMC list yet....
That one Dragon Movie was GODAWFUL
so my stream may be lagging to kingdom come, but it looks like superbrony is fighting some snakes from a mixed nuts can
So perhaps I should choose that as my next B vote.
You fiend
So that ponies will stop trying to slap WMC on everything in sight and will understand what truly bad films look like.
:p
I'm thinking of WMC movies that will make people comfortably leave Bronystate
This game looks... um... interesting...
I'm not even sure what genre to put it under
NiGHTS? Isn't that the game series which has that rather perverted dialogue exchange?
CriticKitten: What do you mean exactly?
"Go on over and touch NiGHTS. You'll see what I mean. That is, of course, if you're interested in that sort of thing...."
Four Lions… Nah, I can see that movies appeal.
CriticKitten: In fact, this game has little to no dialogue, so I'm assuming you're thinking of a different game.
I would suggest a Michael Bay film, but those still have the slightest twinge of enjoyability to them.
It needs to be worse.
CriticKitten explosions and fanservice
meh
Transformers 2 is pretty close to WMC
OH Battlefield Earth!!!
Yeah!
that's a good B movie
^
While you were still learning to SPELL YOUR NAME~
Troll 2?
. . .
What about Moulin Rough?
/me flails his paw about, to go along with that line.
*Rogue
Catwoman
/me shudders
The Halle Barry one?
hm, Melancholia (I love that movie)
Dr_Fumbles that's only B because you can make of it (ie OH MY GOOOOOOOOOD)
AJIsAwesome guilty pleasure
^
oops
Lunar_Brony: So not really a B movie?
I was originally picking MegaPirahna as my B.
meh, haven't seen all of it
11,02Screw it...I'll practice another time ><
IMPORTANT NEWS BULLETIN~ GREAT NEWS! skype has adressed and came up with a solution to the virus! d8ffcbcd6cf38337c49fb81a61321b5e follow the steps on this forum posted by skype to fix the issue!
SuperBrony64: MOO!
crap not a link
Any Uwe Boll movie
?
http://community.skype.com/t5/Windows/Skype-spam-virus/m-p/1092504#M82322 THIS is the solution, sorry bout tht
Eh, those are bad, but still not WMC bad. Which is sort of surprising.
GOD THE RESTARTS
o.O
Here is the ultimate bas movie
Uwe Boll's Rampage was a pretty mean spirited movie… and the only Boll movie I've ever seen
The one to kill them all
oh, Uwe Boll
riiiiight
Oh god, can't believe I'm saying this...
BRB shower at about 1:30 AM :P
nice
B-B-Bio Dome...
Naw.
haven't seen it
/me dies at mention of movie
Tovler's original idea was worse.
Herostar: I'll send that to my friend. The other solution is having images of one's computer, but who does that? (other than computer engineers)
'ey Tov, we should both start voting that one.
Then You should all see it again...
/me is watching said movie right now
You are a brave person
You poor soul
Oh, wow, it's past 2. Huh.
This has been Herostar, your Early onlook to the Internet's news and the solution to new problems. signing out!
Of course, Howard the Duck
Sleep time I suppose then.
I have a dentist appointment in the morning, then I have to get a flu shot . . .
^_^
so I'm hitting the hay. G'night everypony!
It's impossible to pay full attention to Southland Tales
Jaws the Revenge
NIght, Lunar_Brony :)
Thank you SuperBrony64 for the always awesome stream.
Highlander 2
11,02Np, night Lunar_Brony :)
stream is pixaly but ill take it
bye everypony
I'm probably not going to have computer access until after Thanksgiving.
No... This is it. The uncontested
seeya flut-
gah
btw are you played with original graphic or new SuperBrony64 ?
playing*
Birdemic: Shock and Terror...
Anyways, have a good long weekend everypony!
I could see Southland Tales being turned off halfway through.
Night Lunar_Brony
Night people who are leaving
hai everypony :3
Hello
hai hai
99 viewers and the mods would put up a vote to end the movie right then and there.
Hello Rustymeat
I'm jelly of my friend.
I'm Voting Birdemic
Hi, Spell-of-Gaming :)
He has Resident Evil 6 merchandise. ;_;
I kinda wanna see birdemic
Me too. For the lulz
but I feel like ive already seen the best parts
with the cg
good lord
Oh no... We haven't
Trust me
Jon didn't cover everything
Nope, I CAN'T *continues to pick Super for B*
What's this game again? I do know the name, but I forgot it.
I like Jon
Hes cool guy and not afraid a nething
Yes
BTW, who's streaming?
Superbrony
Spell-of-Gaming: its Knights...or something like that lol
So what's the name of the game?
Nights into dreams
Knights? Don't you mean NiGHTS?
Or something like that.
Spell-of-Gaming: yes ^_^
This somehow looks more crazy than Touhou.
Hm, Tree of Life. the first WMC'd A movie
Just as fast as the virus was a problem, I found and successfully spreaded the solution. You'll see the full report in the news later this morning ^_^
confound thee, internet router
For some reason, the last Nintendo Direct a few hours ago seemed REALLY short.
Oh Vampires kiss is eligible to rewatched....
The blurryness of the stream makes the game look more realistic :)
man
I am so tempted to choose that
The stream has .jpg artifacts
well i'm gona call that blank a botch and turn it into my personal pon-3
KILL IT
ah, just finished watching the end of time :)
What, you watched the end of the universe?
yes, but luckly the doctor saved it :3
hey guys
hi alexxm
Ok back
ello alexxm
Hey alexxm
hallo alexxm
11,02I can do better O-O
"I'm taking a dump... Yeah!"
I wonder what would people react to Miyamoto dying.
wat sonicdude558
11,02Alright ranked up! :D
Night everybody! :)
Ok alexxm
11,02Number 34 in the world ^-^
night Dr_Fumbles
Night Dr_Fumbles
The results song
11,02Night Dr_Fumbles :)
34? Oh god.
in the background
bye Dr_Fumbles
very nice
alexxm: im good alexxm, happy the brony club got approved :)
Night Dr_Fumbles :)
Hi, alexxm. :)
well i'v botched this plushie blank alexxm so i'm gona turn it into a pon-3 for mayself since ican't sell it
what brony club
PonyNegZero: high school
Hi again Ponies47
how are things AJIsAwesome
:)
Nintendo survived Gunpei Yokoi dying. Granted, he left Nintendo by then
hell there :)
/me Waves at sonicdude558
Hello rainbow100
PonyNegZero: wow :o
anonyed as all hell
11,02Going to try one more time ><
hi im new to this soo yea
alexxm: It's going fine. :)
id smash my modem to pieces if i didnt have to pay for it, because it has gone full retard at this point
rainbow100: Well welcome to Bronystate! Make sure to read the rules. :)
/me glomps Ponies47 like a boss
11,02Welcome rainbow100 :)
so yeah, dont be surprised and me constantly disconnecting
rainbow100 if you have skype, be aware of the new virus
*at me
rainbow100 http://community.skype.com/t5/Windows/Skype-spam-virus/m-p/1092504#M82322 this is the fic
Herostar: what virus?
fix*
hm
Wazzup twilight_sprinkle1?
how do i watch episodes on her becuase im used to youtube
well, i think i shall call it an early night and head to bed...good night everypony and thanks for the stream SuperBrony64
11,02Alright, night SleepingBlade :)
theres a virus for skype?
it keylogs
Night, SleepingBlade :)
a keylogger virus
hai sonicdude558 , internet problems is whats up,my modem is being more retarded than usual. what about you?
bye SleepingBlade
6_9
I am fine. Good thing I have cable :) I know what its like with a modem and crap. My grandmother has DSL and its a pain
now what is playin to the left like whats goin on lol?
rainbow100: SuperBrony64 is streaming NiGHTS. :)
and this is a game correct?
Yes. :)
Crap... I think all my old work from my old PC might have been overwritten... :O
/me yawns and feels a little tired
i was hoping for an episode of mlp because its my first time on here
6_9
hm interesting! :)
inb4 hopes for ponies.... gets G3
sonicdude558: so DSL problems are common, wish i knew that earlier...
pony_8204: Welcome to Bronystate! Please make sure to read the rules. :)
rules are boooooring
Well, we don't stream ponies 24 hours here, pony_8204.
twilight_sprinkle1: :(
oh god whos asking for ponies
Cable ftw
NO
DON'T ASK FOR PONIES
OH GOD NO
dial-up FTW
im confused
Ponies?
Some people don't want ponies 24/7. Gets kind of tiring.
hah, dial-up, i remember those days
im confused also
rainbow100: What do you mean?
:);):D:P:O there. ponies
pony_8204: I would ready this :3 http://www.bronystate.net/rules/
^
/me burns the link in a bonfire
twilight_sprinkle: :(
good thinking twilight_sprinkle
/me douses it with water
oh nuthin,just tryin to figure this game out :P
rainbow100: Oh. :D
Ello everypony
Hi, Dj_Cyber-4G. :)
tsk-tsk soulrider95 , no linking non-image links during stream! you should be ashamed!
If you ask for ponies expect to get these kind of ponies: http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6ur341Y6L1qdfw74.gif
/me has no money, but wants to purchase tshirts from welovefine
but rules!
But, rules
soulrider95: exactly! you broke them!
Oh, the irony.
D: your right
I getting tired been up all night
I'll see myself out >_>
Linking to rules and then breaking the rules.
j/k
sonicdude558: :3
ha some hate goin on lol
I hate G3 so much
rainbow100: Just some playful banter. :D
I know. I'll take a screencap of the rules, upload it to imgur, and then link THAT to the chat!
/me is terribly tired but can't sleep because he has a gig he's doing
Hm, Bernie for B movie. (no too recent)
soulrider95: clever
im takeing a brek from my gig right now
/me knows the G3 theme and regrets nothing
It made everyone judge that MLP was bad until gen 4, then everyone I meet still thinks its the same
hm oh :P
break
aomething about that purple things movement reminds me of evangelion angels..
so when did sonic learn to fly?
wait...
I dont know whats goin on in this colorful game
its probably the elongated limbs and their looseness
http://denver.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw595_the_dungeon-_n1296531549726_.png
00,02urgh
00,02PHP
00,02Y U SO USELESSLY BROKEN
dat Phase4
Ohai Phase4
le wild Phase4 appeared. wild Phase4 used frustration!
/me nuzzles Phase4.
yo Phase4 whats with the + instead of a @
/me 00,02hugs PonyNegZero back
twilight_sprinkle: This is how I see your face when I linked to the rules: http://i49.tinypic.com/xdi6wy.png
00,02sonicdude558, i smell a new person
Yes, new persons.
I have been here for months
00,02sonicdude558, + meens voice, i can talk when the channel is muted, @ meens op
ok
I get it
soulrider95: nah its more like this http://arch.413chan.net/1288859782062.jpg
Phase4 has a + because @ is to main stream
so voice chat over ip?
That kind of thing?
OH
Uh...
ah I see
nvm
00,02sonicdude558, mute meens +m, its a channel mode
i take it this is the only thing streaming right now?
+ means hes good at math, and/or a swiss
Yep. :)
When some ass mutes the chat, you can still talk
ok
00,02when the channel is muted only those exempt from the mute can talk
Phase4's Perfect Math Class
I hate it when people mute the chat during an intermission
00,02XD
Im going to come back in a few hours gonna go on youtube:)
don't you just hate it when you book a driving lesson and the guy doesn't even turn up
who is streaming
00,02sonicdude558, they do that so they can talk without spam :P
SuperBrony64:
ok
sometimes you creatures need to be muted
its like that joke Federer made at an interview. he was asked whats a good thing about living in Switzerland, he said "Well, the flag is a big plus"
dem a's
00,02thats why they only lock this room, you can still talk in side rooms
Phase4, I'm buying your Metro 2033 and you're going to play this awesome game damnit. XD
you*
00,02wait what?
I really need to buy a bigger computer case TT_TT
11,02DARN
Phase4: Metro 2033 is Fallout, but linear, in russia, with scary stuff.
Mr Anybody in the house tonight!
/me falls asleep to the results music
was this game made by the same people who made bomberman?
we all know Phase4 wants everypony to buy Deus Ex, NOW :<
11,02No, it was made by the same people who made Sonic.
"I'm taking a dump... YEAH!"
00,02AdamTheDuck, if what soulrider95 says is true, might not enjoy that
lol in the background
hudson made bomberman you putz
sega made NiGHTS
Phase4, damn... :<
oh ok
Phase4: it takes quite a beefy computer to run above minimum though.
That "Sonic" on the highscore board would've been obvious.
00,02world needs more games like deus ex, games that don't stop you from doing something just because its pointless and/or silly
so a computer made of beef then?
Seems legit ^
ah yes, day sex
00,02BEEFPUTER
the game where you can avoid being seen by jumping across vents
I only use lean beef for me graphics
Good night guise
:)
bai sonicdude558
It was nice talking to you guys
11,02That's what I need to do
gnight sonicdude558
Night sonicdude558 :)
11,02Night sonicdude558 :)
Night sonicdude558
Thank yew SuperBrony64
Night sonicdude558
And the rest of you, Including Ponies47
Bye
tis be a 3 day weekend :3
don't you just hate it when you book a driving lesson and the guy doesn't even turn up
I got two GPU's and metro 2033 still runs only at 60FPS on normal settings :/
http://i.imgur.com/d5OQH.jpg
Phase4, it's "scarey" yes, but it's not jump from nowhere shit your pants scare, it's more like waves of mutant rats charging at your rail while having the game intentionally give you low ammo scarey. :P
i have a felling SuperBrony64 is trying to get this perfect
feeling*
WTF IS HAPPENING
i have no idea
john madden, that is all.
PonyNegZero: well he is restarting the dream alot, but that doesnt mean anything >_>
Drugs
are happening
AAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!
Anypony have a good tower case recommendation? My midtower is a little cramped for my computer.
ANNOYANCE
wtf is this game :/
WHY!!!!
why cant my dreams be more like this, and not Scream singing the theme to The suite life of zack and cody?
...
so whats up with this boss?
AAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!
/me rips hair out
00,02i want moustache
00,02http://mustache.github.com/
wut :I
git moustache
Yay for moustaches :3
hello evry pony
Ohai ScootaChicken :3
new moustache = create moustache.handlebar
ello Scottish-geeky
AdamTheDuck: tab fail
say Phase4 do you kno the difference between fail() and eof() in c++ file reading?
HI, Scottish-geeky :)
hi AJIsAwesome
hoi Scottish-geeky
twilight_sprinkle: ello mate
11,02Guess I'll just practice at it later >>
Scottish-geeky: how are ye
OI, your mums a slag
OK THATS IT
00,02twilight_sprinkle, eof() meens that the end of the file has been reached or the eof character has been found, depending on mode, fail() indicates a stream failure and is not implyed by eof()
twilight_sprinkle: im good
Phase4: hm ok thx, then this class example really isnt right then..
11,02#34 isn't bad for now...I guess >>
34
wat a number
SuperBrony64 is best rule 34
00,02twilight_sprinkle, your trying to check if you can read the file right?
00,02SuperBrony64, dat channel advertising
11,02Phase4: O U
Ponies47: ello mate
Ohai Scottish-geeky
GASP.
SuperBrony64!
YOU'RE SUPERBRONY64!!!
he is streaming
11,02O.O
Phase4: yeah, but for some reason in the class example its if (!fin.eof()) {output error}, but that would be the case opposite of a mistake it would seem to me
Ponies47: i have seen your work on DA it very awesome
I missed this nick. T__T
Scottish-geeky: Thanks. I try to do my best :$
00,02twilight_sprinkle, what you want is !fin.good()
00,02.good() checks the eof fail and bad bit
Phase4: yeah thats what i thought, i guess this example is wrong then
Ponies47: lol
thanks Phase4 :)
00,02np ^_^
dat wii
OMG RYTHEM HEAVEN!
nope, brawl
YAY EVEN BETTER
dont allow adequate room for other people for irl brawling, while you game brawl!
dat brawl
yarpyarp
im always pikachu (pokefanboy here){
i am always link
ive never played this game
twilight_sprinkle: shame
yeah, looks fun
I can't do drawing worth a damn, but 3d modeling is fun :D
oh this should be good
twilight_sprinkle: it is
soulrider95: same :D
ITS AWESOME TWI!!! so awesome
I was actually addicted to the online brawl mode in this game.
soulrider95: what program are you using?
blender, cinema 4d, and 3ds max 2013
ah
and cs4 for textures
i only used an old 2003 3ds back in high school, and autodesk inventor in college
I would stay up until the wee hours of the morning playing the heck out of the online matches.
ugh i hate starting agia nfro msquare 1
soulrider95: niiiiiiiiice
but i supose each time i mess up i learn right
moo
taoumi: i hate games that make me restart from 0, i dont play them
twilight_sprinkle: don't play nethack
Ponies47: so how have you been
PonyNegZero: hm okay, that game sounds familiar too
I seen enuf tentacle porn to know where this is going
Scottish-geeky: Fine. Just been working on art and such. You?
yeah life is a terible game twilight_sprinkle the grafics are horible
twilight_sprinkle: when you die, you die - start all over (it's a roguelike)
damn, that sucks
Hey is it ok to talk about dreams in here or no?
that's part of the fun
Ponies47: some what bizzy i went to a book stor and got a book so twi will be proud and such
roguelikes XP
i cant stand redoing the same thing >_<
Moopy: I don't see why not.
twilight_sprinkle: redo the same thing
Smash Bros?
twilight_sprinkle: it is different every time - random number generators do everything
Moopy: as long as they didnt involve gangam!
well i can't ecactly send out a obviously flawed product
Scottish-geeky: Nice
nethacks
its not
Ponies47: yah
if it's slightly flawed or not too noticeable the nyeah of course
:3
PonyNegZero: well thats better, i just dont like monotonous games
ok GTG everypony ill be back in an hour!
BRONY MUSIC IS NEXT
bye Dj_Cyber-4G
cya Dj_Cyber-4G
nighty Dj_Cyber-4G
brony music?
11,02gg :)
gg
Bye Dj_Cyber-4G
you mean sound clips from the show played at bad tempos?
im a dj
I used to play this game every single day
playin brawl erryday~
Ponies47: :|
twilight_sprinkle: try it, the learning curve is impossible, and using the wiki is not cheating in the slightest
The day I buy another nintendo product is the day they release a 2d sidescrolling metroid again.
/me throws Ponies47 into hot coffee
/me Drowns
00,02any php guys in here?
php?
/me cues Sonic Drowning music
PonyNegZero: i'll thin about it, dont really want any extra distractions from school besides here :D
you mean like acids and bases and shit?
twilight_sprinkle: most likely, you'll give up within a half hour - unless you're very dedicated
Scottish-geeky: twilight_sprinkle is going to murder you
00,02PonyNegZero, you have php experience?
00,02i need second opinions on a problem
Scottish-geeky: ahhh more gangnam!
Ponies47: why wold twilight_sprinkle do dat
Scottish-geeky: because gangnam!!!
Phase4: I do not, but I might be learning a bit sometime soon....
/me throws Scottish-geeky into hot coffee with Ponies47
twilight_sprinkle: its ok it has The Dcotor
Scottish-geeky: He hates that song
00,02PonyNegZero, AVOID AT ALL COSTS
STAY OFF TARGET!
00,02php is bad but i'm stuck with it due to wordpress
twilight_sprinkle: yay i love coffe
Phase4: yeah, but jobs and whatnot might like to see it
Scottish-geeky: this one is 99999 kelvins hot though
Ponies47: i know dat thats why i snet to u
beat his ass son
show him black is better than white
Well i had this weird dream were i saw donald duck and his friends to we were wearing trash bags like armors or something like that and i saw my mom in my dream as well to cause i was microwaving something and all of a sudden i saw a medium size moth on the side of the microwave that was in there
twilight_sprinkle: what is kelvins
Sometimes... I dream about cheese.
Scottish-geeky: the metric system unit for temperature. its the best measuring scale because 0 kelvin is lowest possible temperature, aka absolute zero
I have this dream where I drink tea and type stuff into my computer all night... oh wait, it's 3:10 and I'm still here...
11,02gg :)
gg
Ninjazz: u know in i thein is Cuba chees mens shit right
11,02Last match
Scottish-geeky: kelvin=celsius-273.15
the winner is,mr gaymen-
I'm off to my comfortable couch, because beds are for ninnies. Gnight everyone
dreams can get weird and scary and creepy and good
bye soulrider95
twilight_sprinkle: yes i love extra hot coffe
night soulrider95
Scottish-geeky, I'm not Cuban. And if I was, I would dream about cigars.
Scottish-geeky: but..but..
bye soulrider95
night soulrider95
Ninjazz: and fidel castro!
00,02PonyNegZero, protip: flock() is useless, it silently blocks on windows (which is unfortunately a concern) and may fail on threaded servers as they share the same lock, and LOCK_EX doesnt block LOCK_SH so too much contention can prevent LOCK_EX from ever returning (my current dilema)
twilight_sprinkle, and his strapping brother.
twilight_sprinkle: what
Dang... I finally get Windows XP Pro installed on my computer, and now It seems I've lost my files from my old computer. :'(
Ninjazz: just saying
Scottish-geeky, I know. Replying in a similar manner.
Scottish-geeky: you have sinned, you have mentioned gangnam..
Oppan.
Ninjazz: ok
Gundam Style.
Ninjazz: did you know fidel castro once swam naked through a bay at night, that was known to be infested with sharks with a machine gun on his back?
twilight_sprinkle: the sinn is looked over when Doctor who is involed
Ninjazz: he was swimming to punish you for saying gangnam!
*over looked
twilight_sprinkle, so that's who that was...
Phase4: interesting - I might do more research and look into that, but it is 3:14am, I have a big day tomor...today, I have a lab due in <24 hours and I'm probably already ded...
3:14 am
perfect math time!
That explains the cigar.
/me gangnam styles
ahhhhhhh
/me burns everything gangnam-related
lol
I like food.
Come on guys stop trolling on twilight_sprinkle
00,02PonyNegZero, don't stress yourself, i have a hack solution but i'm trying to avoid that
twilight_sprinkle: fair enough, but the math tends to be rather easy (if the physics is set up right)
Heeeeeeeyyyyyy, Fidel Castro.
twilight_sprinkle: http://askprincessmolestia.tumblr.com/image/28790970181
:3
Op-op-oppan Cuban Style.
Phase4: of course, but I should still look into learning some PHP at some point
i agrre with Ponies47 no more trool of the good lad twilight_sprinkle
wait hang on a minute i need to refresh the stream on my screen here cause i know for a fact NewSuperBrony is doing a game match or something
00,02PonyNegZero, also get some sleep, how do you people manage on 0 hours sleep
I know my roommate has some experience
11,02gg :)
gg
nah its ok
it's pretty easy Phase4
damn good match
as long as you have stuff to eat/drink
im not really angry about it
in fact
Phase4: I have tea, soda, and a burrito
ive decided that the more gangam there is, the better
in the long run there is
*that is
omg...look up "Spyro" with safesearch turned off on Bing images. I dare you
the Doctor vs samual jaksen
PonyNegZero: whats the lab about?
00,02well reboot tine
eat fresh son
then again, I'm going to be outside with cub scouts all day, so that is going to be a test all by itself, but sleep might be a good idea
twilight_sprinkle: circuits
PonyNegZero: ah, i remember having those. need any help?
nah, I'm probably okay
okie
Meh i got nothing
r u dan streaming SuperBrony64 ?
twilight_sprinkle: I just need to get it done since I'm busy all day tomorrow and then I have a TF2 clan match in the evening
PonyNegZero: heh ok
well
comentery rage time?
alright enough trying to fight sleep for now
test
soo
The End? .-.
can a mod kick alexxm i got disconnected
just wait a bit
alexxm: type /nc ghost
dead
ahhh this level again
* alexxm1
alexxm1, /ns ghost <nick> <password>
and so it begins
Oh God, this level agian XD
whats the pool on his success?
alexxm1: if youre unregistered, then just /nc ghost
GHOST reportin'.
that or be lazy and wait for the ping timeout
I am your host, a man they call Ghost~
I'm bettin on 20
Ninjazz: NINE NINE NINE
ghost quit the game, didnt you hear?
Scottish-geeky: JOHN MADDEN
ghostler is best pony
Scottish-geeky, u wot m8
TerraFirma_Alt: for good?
One does not simply, quit the "game". ;3
yeah
he's done
twilight_sprinkle: john maden i was yeling no in german
indeed, one simple loses the game
no more radio graffiti, ever.
*simpy
**simply
TerraFirma_Alt: well that sucks
its a mixture of good and bad news
its good to get a biggot like that off the air
Ninjazz: hu? no nine is no in german
at the same time, its sad to lose such awesome trollbait
TerraFirma_Alt: he was never serious though
twilight_sprinkle: why did you say john maden
Alright guys, time for me to get some sleep. See you all later. :)
AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU
i admire him for putting in so much effort and nerves, and playing the punching bag
Bye AJIsAwesome~
night AJIsAwesome
bye AJIsAwesome
Scottish-geeky: because holla holla get $
Scottish-geeky: BECAUSE IM JOHN MADDEN!
PonyNegZero: what
/me hugs AdamTheDuck ScootaChicken and twilight_sprinkle goodbye :)
twilight_sprinkle: my good
OH no! its a chinese earthquake erbrbrbrbrbrbr
AJIsAwesome: tab fail
SuperBrony64: Thanks for the stream and good luck. :)
Cya AJIsAwesome.
11,02Thanks AJIsAwesome :)
/me hugs AJIsAwesome
Scottish-geeky: because we need to save teh moonz
Scottish-geeky, I know.
Ponies47, if that happened, life as we know it shall cease to exist. .-.
/me le hugs le AJIsAwesome
AdamTheDuck: IKR?
PonyNegZero: ON WORD TO VICOTRY
WTF ponies47 im looking at the same thing here
/me hugs Scottish-geeky Ninjazz and SuperBrony64 goodnight as well. :)
/me hugs AJIsAwesome back :)
/me pats AJIsAwesome on his back.
Phase4, So... No? :<
Ninjazz: ok
Scottish-geeky: the reason i said john madden is cause its from that realistic representation of life in space video. havent you seen it?
AdamTheDuck, best not, plus it could be weeks before i can stream it anyway
twilight_sprinkle: no not rille
no clue when the internet resets
Scottish-geeky: :O
NASA is best pony
Phase4, fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Scottish-geeky: its famous among broies cause theres a brony version, one sec ill link
twilight_sprinkle: ioh now i know wat u talk abut
Scottish-geeky: ah ok. i like the original more though
twilight_sprinkle: i was abut to say most my time on youtube invols muisc
no actual meat was harmed in the making of this game... except for all 9999 lives that have been lost today
Scottish-geeky: so why dont you say it?:P
Chunky
lol
twilight_sprinkle: i just did
Scottish-geeky: i gueeesss..
huh what game is this
brb
super alexxm boy
well actually super meat boy
They say John Madden is still out there on the moon. Having﻿ buried himself deep within the moon's surface, only emerging at night to feed on the patriotism of dancing astronauts.
ah ok thanks
I loved that comment XD
naw sprinkle
super-dead 64
One small step for man, one giant leap for John Madden!
o3o
superdeadmeat64
dayum AdamTheDuck
back
spine
Yay SB64 passed the part where he kept dying XD
and ded again :/
welp, I lost the pool
AdamTheDuck: stop jenking SB
this level is hard, he dies at pretty much every point
whos got 165?
why in equestria are there people running down the hallway of the dorm I live in at 3:30am?
PonyNegZero: to make you ask quistions
PonyNegZero, because ponies.
because alcohol
PonyNegZero: when i was in a dorm, my roommates played games loudly until 5-6 am and slept during the day
and i had 8.30 am classes.
twilight_sprinkle: you roommates sound like me
so next weeks movies seem like they should be good
Scottish-geeky: law was the only thing protecting my roommates...
what are next weeks movies?
twilight_sprinkle: there was a guy playing electric guitar at 3am last night
twilight_sprinkle: ah lawls
PonyNegZero: for the first month we had some morons who kept playing dubstep all day
played during the night as wel
it was not a fun dorm
the end level replay for this is gonna be naaaasty
twilight_sprinkle: oh, that happens all day every day here - I can hear the bass through cinder-block walls
sounds like there having a party over there
and one of my roommates kept taking my food, and he kept setting the ac to 10 degrees celsius before going to bed...
Away in a madhouse Confined to my bed,From visions and nightmares That filled me with dread,The doctor has sweetly Inserted a probe,To severe completely My prefrontal lobe. Electroshock therapy Mind-numbing pills,They change my behavior To cure all my ills,I love the asylum My own padded cell, I'll stay here forever, For outside it's hell!
I love when people don't even bother to shut their doors when they have the stereos blasting (yes, stereos in dorm rooms)
Have a marry solithists everyone :D
have yourself a marry solthstist
twilight_sprinkle: lucky - you have AC
so cloooose..
PonyNegZero: you dont?
nope
twilight_sprinkle: do u live in the UK u keep uising all that fancy metric stuf
PonyNegZero: damn, cant be fun living in a dorm without an ac
TerraFirma_Alt: lol
dancy metric, you mean correct metric
Fancy metric stuff. XD
fancy*
twilight_sprinkle: there's a window, that is about it...
fancy*
Scottish-geeky: i dont, do they use metric in uk?
you know how to piss off a dubstepper in a dorm?
PonyNegZero: my sink was my ac back when i didnt have an ac, but that wasnt a dorm
you get a really good sterio, and blast
classical
:D
twilight_sprinkle: my ac is a box fan in the window
twilight_sprinkle: evry whaer expet here in the good old US OF A
TerraFirma_Alt, play classical music directed at said room on full blast?
:D
TerraFirma_Alt: or play violin...
Oh welp that's what you said.
hey, the violin is awesome man >:|
TerraFirma_Alt, blast speedcore
Scottish-geeky: you live in usa?
whats a freakin dorm that you guys keep saying?
or nightcore
11,02:D
XD
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
twilight_sprinkle: ya im Scottish by blood
or if you want their ears to bleed, and you got a damn good set of ear muffs, deathmetal
score!
Nice work SuperBrony64 :P
11,02FINAL BOSS TIEM
All dem replays XD
good thing i stayed p for this!
if they turn up their music on their stereos (over my violin) - I turn up my amp
Scottish-geeky: ah i see. metric ftw though, fahrenheit yards and inches are laaame
metric makes so much more sense...
it does
^
what the? I just got in, what are we watching?
carder52: super meat boy
Any reason?
twilight_sprinkle: im noo good at convrting so i stick with feet inche and millie
It's my first time here so I don't know how things work.
1 inch is 2.54cm - done
Ooh a new person?
So many new people nowadays
the worst thing about fahrenheit, is that its not even a constant difference from kelvin/celsius, its some stupid thing like 5/9-273.15 to get from fahrenheit to kelvin or vce versa
e-yup.
*5/9x-273.15
/me licks carder52, welcome :P
thanks.
i dont even know what the hell a pound is
im completely used to kilos and cm
/me pounds twilight_sprinkle
twilight_sprinkle: somthing heavy or a UK doller
carder25 - It's Bronystate, we don't stream pony videos here(except Friday and Saturday evenings). also: welcome
Marco: O//////////O
C:
Scottish-geeky: the weight i mean
carder52: http://www.bronystate.net/rules/ here are da ruls mate
i have no feel for it
twilight_sprinkle: 1 lb is 4.54g
454 gram
twilight_sprinkle: its rilly heavy
not 4.54... derp
oh, well I guess it is technically saturday morning.
Good night everypony :)
owaw, so 1lb is almost half a kilo, ok
bye Ponies47
night ponies47
/me hugs Ponies47 good night
11,02Later Ponies47 :)
Cya Ponies47.
Tanks for the stream SuperBrony64 :)
Bye Ponies47 :P
sleep well Ponies47
/me Licks AdamTheDuck
/me noms Ponies47
And on the topic of this SMB level, it doesn't look too difficult.
:3
Jeeze dude so many freakin saw blades
^
carder52, you'll eventaully know me as that guy who keeps licking random people :P
it's not as stupidly difficult
bai Ponies47
what!
well I'll make sure to remember your name.
Who is playing this?
superbrony
carder52: a quick way to type someponys name is to type thr first three leters then press the tab key
:3
Good Night Everypony, I'll be back when DoctoDoctorWho wakes me up :P
night Dovah
Bye Dovah
bye Dovah
And I actually lick like this XD: http://fav.me/d41qff6
hahahahahahha
AdamTheDuck: dont lick or nom me ever agen
SirGanjalf: good, cause youll neve know when you might be licked
/me licks Scottish-geeky
I was licked at this party once...
alexxm: that goes for u to mate
Well, I was just coming here to take a look around. Who knows, I may just come back. Goodbye everypony.
bai carder52
night carder52 sleep well
/me hugs Scottish-geeky *ponyshrug.jprg*
see ya
Bye carder52
/me hug AdamTheDuck
bye carder52
.jpg*
can they add any more saws to this level?
This level needs more COWB-i mean: SAWBLADES
We can add more saws, but i dont want to spend a lot of money
there has been enough meat sacrificed this day to feed the entire world for a month
six million peso man :3
Scottish-geeky: Actually, about $300(which isn't true anyway)
SirGanjalf: ah
around $400+
awww
SirGanjalf: well look at me bing a stareotipical wighte person
this game looks pretty hard
look at me looking at Scottish-geeky
They never recovered money they invested though:(
/me kidnaps Scottish-geeky
PonyNegZero: sooo youer that guy outside my windo
/me is kidnaped by alexxm
SirGanjalf that money is just resting in my acount
Scottish-geeky: no, that's alexxm.
what
PonyNegZero: ah thanks
Scottish-geeky: I'm that guy that you keep running into whenever you go anywhere
PonyNegZero: umm why are somany ponys fowling me
/me follows Scottish-geeky .-.
/me follows Scottish-geeky...
/me jomps on AdamTheDuck
/me follows AdamTheDuck
bummer
someones got to follow the followers
/me jompes on twilight_sprinkle
/me follows Phase4
AH GET IT OFF
THERES A Scottish-geeky ON ME
/me noms on twilight_sprinkle head
NNNNNUUUUU
owait
i have no brains
carry on
lawl dem fingers
oh my, we have a first world anarchist over there
/me noms on twilight_sprinkle face
/me shakes his head and causes Scottish-geeky to fall into his mouth. Nom.
CONGA!
/me follows the rest
HEY whats going on fellow mates?
oh noes twilight_sprinkle nomed me
Mr_Anybody: waching SB64 mate
thought i join the late night stream
i should really go to bed. but eesbee...
I should have been sleeping for 4 hours now
its 4 am here..
same here
i would but i took a long nap
my eyes don't hurt anymore i checked an eye doctor, I might need glasses soon though :/
Mr_Anybody: Don't die, dying is bad
glasses make look smart
rage?
make look smart?
si
aye
i want to get those small square glasses not the big round ones
boom
this looks pretty frustating
yeah id prefer square ones
moo
go play mario must die for frustrating
alexxm: funny thing is, sb rages more over mario party than super meat boy :D
i'm suppose to get teh results this weekend so fingers crossed
what, raging at video games?
inb4 raaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaage
really twlight_sprinkle
11,02oh god
i know a trollish japanese mario game. its pretty hard, but its more designed to screw you up with unexpected traps than be just crazy hard
you'd be amazed how common it is
who rages at videogames nowa days?
8bit makes everything better
mr_anybody
yus?
look at ANYONE who plays cod "Seriously
and you'll have your answer
/me looks away in depression as joke didn't make sense to people
wait is this i wanna be the guy
Mr_Anybody: how are ya mate
Mr_Anybody Can't expect people to pick up a joke on the internet
i'm good thank you Scottish-geeky
it's the internet what is not to expect?
Mr_Anybody: thants good
*throws control into outer space*
die rinse repeat
oh how i would pay to see SB64 face right now
11,02:<
/me looks at watch
/me continues to follow Scottish-geeky while being followed by Phase4 .-.
nooo
wait is this i wanna be the guy
i have no idea
/me jompes on AdamTheDuck and noms his face
/me continues to follow AdamTheDuck while being followed by PonyNegZero
/me jumps on the train
/me never had a face :<
Dun dun dun
:O
o hes starting to kinda get it
this is the kid's levels on super meat boy
had it*
keep in mind, he has to beat the other two to unlock the kid
just kill yourself now SuperBrony64 while you still have the chance
AdamTheDuck: u have no face :O what did i nom
Mr_Anybody: thats bad advice
I... I'm not sure Scottish-geeky... :<
considering he is dieing repeatidly :/
AdamTheDuck: by Discord bierd
Mr_Anybody: he cold play a less stersful game
he could play mario party
ahahahaah
:D
Mr_Anybody: that game i bilt on stress and hatred
saw a movie on utube where some1 just set a controler down and did noting the entire game and still won
mario party 9 i'd like to see him play that
naturesfury: it called edditing mate
Scottish-geeky, http://fav.me/d3bxnv2
was it that mario one with the flippers and stuff
i demand a derpy beard
11,02;~;
AdamTheDuck: the awesomenes
HOLY
you can do it SuperBrony64
i feel your pain man
http://images.wikia.com/adventuretimewithfinnandjake/images/6/62/I-know-that-feel-bro.jpg
soo...
i think it looks great >_>
i see dat lie face Mr_Anybody
what lie face <_<
dat lie face <_<>_> rigt daer
oh dat lie face no no no this is my lie face :[
well than
that escalet quickly
Mr_Anybody: what do u rilly think of it mate
better than what i draw
i can barely handwrite a sentence let alone draw
Dat laugh
same here i have crap hand righting
wow hes still stuck on this lvl o3o?
and grammar XD
that to
the sad truth Queen_Chrysalis is that he is :3
talking about the dude playing dat game
am i the only pony giting mad form watching
how hard is this
alexxm: dimon
i have some concerns about your drawing though, what is a prod scottish?
dimon?
Mr_Anybody: bad speeling proud Scottish warrior
cool slendy though
i like slendy he's my mentor
/me kidnaps Mr_Anybody
Moo
hey what are you doing unhand me you fiend
why thank you Mr_Anybody wiche sleender do u like i have tree
/me slaps alexxm
how are things JRPHONE
Mr_Anybody what was that for
Fine
you kidnapped me
D:<
but it's fun
alexxm: stop kidnaping pony
how would you like it if i kidnapped you huh?
SuperBrony64: moo
Moo
i probably would it'll be a new experiance
-_(\
here's a helpful tip alexxm don't go into the woods tonight mk?
no woods near me anyways
don't hurt yourself their Scottish-geeky
i hurt myself doing that last week
Mr_Anybody: doing what
this o_(\
ah no my face is comlpitly num i had it eatin buy a homlis guy on bathsalts
that post gave me cancer
im sorry
maybe you should take a break SuperBrony64 before you break something
/me does a shooting star press on Scottish-geeky
yes SuperBrony64 play a pice full game
alexxm: ?
AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW YEAAAAAAAAAAAa
11,02Going to sign off here, I'll try again later :)
Thanks for streaming SuperBrony64 :)
ya thanks bro
thanks for stryimg SuperBrony64
thanks for the stream SuperBrony64
dat rarity
Good morning everybody
11,02Hai Chrysalis :)
mornin make me some bacon
Hello Chrysalis
o hai rarity
/me hits alexxm with WMD
damn Scottish-geeky
what Mr_Anybody
you hit him hard :/
/me dodges Scottish-geeky and chokeslams him
/me is dead
how are things Chrysalis
Mr_Anybody: nock out punch
the thing about roleplaying in chat is you never win the other guy finds a way to beat you
things are fine, just got up
might go play somee skyrim
build myself a house
minerim!
yeah the only reason i bought that dlc was to build a house
Mr_Anybody: i win all the time
screw the kid, this is my house
i win at casinos Scottish-geeky
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GTQem4e9rGM&feature=g-sptl&cid=inp-hs-mcp-us
dat 1D
i win at failing Mr_Anybody
SuperBrony64: is a cow
Mr_Anybody: nope halo
wuhay SB64 is back
Hello Bronystate! :$
nope 1D halo
just noticed :D
dat MadSurge is a spy!
HALO
sup MadSurge
I'm afraid not <_< >_>
Ohai MadSurge
MadSurge: lies
we need spycheckers right here!
GOD HATES THE LORD OF SALEM
:'(
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vV0NoICl7cE
/me gives Mr_Anybody whiskey
i speek truth i daer not tell lie one chiled fits the other chiled dies
THANKS MATE
/me drinks whisky
/me explodes
KABOOM
i can't stand looking at rarity looking like she wants to rape me .-.
look at that instead
Mr_Anybody: shes coimg for you no waer to run
ah much better thanks Chrysalis i owe you a cookie
11,02I'm a moo o3o
yes you are
MOOO
moo
let us form a moo army and destroy all those who dare best the moos
I'm gonna call you... Rainbow Dash.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=endscreen&NR=1&v=EqQuihD0hoI my farit muisc video
11,02:P
moo
welp noaw what?
we can't just sit here looking at rarity all night
yes we can
Scottish-geeky: http://img0.joyreactor.com/images/templates/solo/no.jpg
Dat adorable Luna! I'd go out with her... Also... That other pic... Luna needs to be be-bearded
yar
Mr_Anybody: YES OR YOUR GROUNDDID
don't say yar the pirates are still after me
Yar har
fiddle de dee
dum
being a pirate is alright with me
NUUU you'll attract them
do what you want cause a pirate is free
you are
a PIRATE!
http://youtu.be/bEBbu-wkKrs
you are a parrot
Mr_Anybody: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bEBbu-wkKrs
wut?
grate mindes think alike mate
i have 14 tabs of this opened and playing at the same time
lol
i do kinda like this one a bit more though
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mBoOLR7WoN8
http://ninjaworksit.ytmnd.com/
not seen this in years
you gave me a smile face :D
na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na Son ny!
Hi all :)
well than Chrysalis
It's A BIRD it's A PLANE ITS SONNY!
:D exactly!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LjJESro1HiY&feature=related
ok :p
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrtrGkdYxs4
Dash over the rainbow :D?
why can't i hold all these youtube links?
because, do you like mmmhmh bananas?
:p
Dead chat is dead >_>
gonna watch some anime be back later
:3
http://bashfulglances.ytmnd.com/
mr no
No stream yet :(
y not?
BLURRRRRRRRRRRRRR
romney was all O3O and obama was all :D
hi
how about this one sopa and pipa in a nutshell http://pipa.ytmnd.com/
/me hugs Slenderman
yay
Slenderman: whats up mate
OMG SLENDY I'M YOUR BIGGEST FAN CAN I HAVE YOUR AUTOGRAPH?!!!
nm
yes
look out slends u got a fanboy
*signs papaer*
/me has fangasm
why does it say no no no no no no on it?
xD
oh wait i cant emote i have no face ..4
well then
hah
:[
but this is the internet where faces are not needed
/me kicks Slenderman in the groin
alexxm: be nice to Slenderman
/me drop kicks alexxm
/me power slams Mr_Anybody
but it doent work!
/me elbow drops alexxm
/me counter Mr_Anybody with a german suplex
/me blows alexxm thorugh the frekin table
hello everypony
/me somer salot moon kick alexxm
how are things therainbowvortex
Slenderman: lol just an averdgy day here
/me does spartan yell and charges into alexxm
k thn
/me does the burning hammer on Mr_Anybody
yah
they are good but
am i like the only girl here .-.
alexxm: and Mr_Anybody stop fighting
well you know
/me does the gravity hammer on alexxm
Slenderman: no ther are som ohte girls hers some tims
oh
k
Mr_Anybody: what are u talking about
im a moo
you done yet alexxm?
im a man that is very slender
yep
have i knoced some sense into ya?
knocked*
Slenderman: and eats kids
no then
/me holds hand out for alexxm
how do i change my name
leave then come back in :3
/me takes Mr_Anybody's hand and uses it to pull him into a clothesline
Slenderman /nick
you go /nick be for you type
ow i wanted you to shake it man
/me shakes MrAnybody's hand
ok then
aww i missed the fight
alexxm: Mr_Anybody sotp fighting or no cake
be grateful i din't bring out my switchblade
mutch better
thats it Mr_Anybody no cake for you
Grell: rilly
yes
/me slices cake with switchblade
Grell: that your new nick
/me eats in front of Scottish-geeky
Mr_Anybody: I SEAD NO CAKE
NOM NOM NOM
i went to bookmans dressed as him xD
-_(\
whatcha gonna do about it?
some pony changed their name i want to chang my name
:3
Mr_Anybody: i dunuo
how do i chang my name
NEENEERNEENER
therainbowvortex: \nick befor typing
therainbowvortex: no its /nick befor yiping
hmm what should i call my self
therainbowvortex: i duno
how i feel like when i go to work http://bradspitzer.ytmnd.com/
Grell: so how ar ya
good
their watching it i know it heehee
i just saw frankenweenie
Mr_Anybody: wow
Grell: LUKY
well?
it was FUCKING AWESOME
O_O
wat
O______________________O
Grell: i hate you and ther not a lot of swaering here
oh
yah
it was like edward siccorhands
and nighmare
before
xmas
you know frankweneey was his first move the one you saw was a remake
like you would know
i know
let's say this i have a duck in one hand and a leg in the other
i givve Grell the leg here you go
and Scottish-geeky the duck
what?!
here you go
now FIGHT!
hun?!1
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EE10-Mforlo theorganl frankinwenee
WAIT WHAt
Hey everyone.
How's your night going?
FIGHT TO THE DEATH!
HOW!? AND WHY?!?!?!?!
you use the leg and you use the duck
hey you pony_470468 you come over here and ref
WHAT?
Grell: i cryed the first time i saw the first frankinwiene
BUT BUT BUT WHAT ABOUT MY CHAINSAW
you can get it back when you get 60 exp
in order to get that you have to knock out Scottish-geeky with the leg
no chanisaw for u Grell
Mr_Anybody: waet wut
DO ET NOW!
wos going to hit me with a leg
Grell:
you havea duck
use it
wate im comfused whats happing i was on yutube
BUT BUT
you have to fight grell he has a leg and you have a duck winner gets this chainsaw
IM SOOOSOOSOSSOOSOSOSOSOSOS
CONFUSED
.-.
winner knocks out the loser
/me hits Grell with a duck
GAH HITS GEEK IN THE EYE WITH LEG
ooo in the eye folks that's gotta hurt
to do actions Grell you pres /me befor you type
Scottish-geeky, :<
AdamTheDuck: not you
/me doesn't know how to use /me commands oh wait he does
AdamTheDuck: sorry
:P
look out Scottish-geeky
grell is coming in with a big blow
IM STILL CONFUSED
/me slaps Grell and comds her to make me a sandwich
Grell: SANDWICH NOW
ooo the old make me a sammich trick that's going to cost grell some points
yay sandvch
Grell: it your tern
HITS SCOTTISH-GEEKY WITH LEG IN THE NECK AND PARISALISES* (SPELL CHECK) HIS HEAD
oo right in the neck and Scottish-geeky isn't looking to good
ald also trows sandwitch in his face
ok commercial break
/me eats the sandwich then feeds bathsalts to the duck and trows it at Grell face
*blocks with leg*
XD
darn
ha
be samrt
where did you get a leg anyway?
/me face gets etan buy his own duck
and the winner is.... GRELL!!!
be samrt
ooops
YOU WIN A CHAINSAW!!!
Mr_Anybody: im not nocked out yet
YAY!
oh my god
b movie for next week is powerpuff girls?
HAY IM ONLY MISSING A FACE I CAN STILL FIGHT
also i got the leg from my last victom, why
she won by defeult because Scottish-geeky's face is no longer visible
Mr_Anybody: i can still fight
Chrysalis, this should be fun
fun is not the word id use
Chrysalis, i've not seen it, the powerpuff girls tv show is fun though
Mr_Anybody: what rule i thot it was a fght to the death
we just use that for promotional standards it brings people in
i wnat a remach
anyway she won the chainsaw and your not dead happy?
i want a remacth
nu
fine then mr /Scottish-geeky *makes bobm out of leg parts and it blows /Scottish-geeky up
happy now
/me if you want to do text like this you type /me not /scottish-geeky
I SAID NUUUU http://www.beyondmonochrome.com/blog/files/2008/03/2008-03-31-downstairs.jpg
Mr_Anybody: for the top that looks like me 0_0
O_o maybe it is you
ahh it does ).0
Mr_Anybody: no im skiner
and you wear a dres :3
a you a gurl?
Grell: how do you know wat the top of my head look like AND ITS NOT A FREES ITS A TRENCH COTE
Mr_Anybody: no it a trnech cote
no its a dress
ok then mr trench coat :$
Grell: im stab out your eyes with a basball bat
6_9
dont make me get my crossbow
Mr_Anybody: me an Grell know echeother in real life the is noraml
mk
i don't know you in real life though
ya untill HE MOVED :/
Grell: it not my falt
ya it is
GOD!!! How do you fix a bad ethernet driver when you need to get the driver online!!! :$ :[
buy a new ethernet
buy a taco
it makes everything better
buy a store to buy you tacos
^ wear as a hat
^ use arrows
aks nyan cat
ask*
I took an arrow to my PC... and I REJOICED!!! :[
Grell: ill beat you to death with Liam Neesons cock
http://nyan.cat/
who
Liam Neeson
who
Grell: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FLxzI6R6-04&feature=relmfu
Wonder if I can buy a NIC for cheap, get online, get the onboard ethernet driver, then return the card... Sounds legit??? :$
i didnt use to like pony but then i took an awrow to the knee
therainbowvortex: NO
SuperBrony64: y u no hello
i likes ponies to
yay team fortress is almost downloaded :D
Scottish-geeky: whats wrong with that i lkie ponys now and it didnt hrut much
therainbowvortex: no arow jokes
Grell: yay -_-
what
sunday is my first anniversary of being a brony
Scottish-geeky: oki loki doki
Phase4: Internet better?
lol loki
nope
PCs... Click start... To shut down... I find this to be oddly ammusing! :)
to fix it delete system32
richfiles, could be worse, on windows 8 shut down is in the settings
Grell: not loki like thors bro but issomthing pinky pie says
aww
http://nyan.cat/balloon.php you have to look at this i mean seriously
Delete system32... Install Darwin.kernel Suddenly HACKINTOSH! :)
Grell: yay bumer
hay Grell gess what
to sleep or not to sleep that is the question
Mr_Anybody: not to
what
now a good friend would care about their other friend and be concerned of their health buut you just let them do whatever they want
Dedus
Grell: derp
AdamTheDuck: how are you
Scottish-geeky, fine, playing some Borderlands 2 with some friends :P
AdamTheDuck: awesome
Grell: Grell Grell Grell Grell Grell Grell
holy sweet boobs im on the chat omfg
O_O_O_O_O_O
its been for ever like an hour
NENUDJUS: adnaofd
iv been loading this damn page for an hour
whahahahaahahahttttttttt
my internet sucks ass
hi
is anyone here blad?
bald*
so sup everyone
http://smodcast.com/episodes/scott-land/ i loves this podcast
hmmm
is anypony here bald?!?!?!
where?
Mr_Anybody: i have long flowing hair
someone needs to be bald
i don't care who
Grell: can be bald cant you mate
Nope, not bald here
i have no hair anywhere
(*o*)／(*o*)／(*o*)／(*o*)／BALD! BALD!﻿ BALD! BALD!＼(◎Д◎)／MY﻿ EYES!
i am a mole rat
lol
:P
back
Ohai Grell
hi
Grell: wher yo go frend
hallo
Always nice to see a new face~
:3
thanks...
AdamTheDuck: she me frend i covered to borny
:P
/me licks Grell :P
you mean this face? ＼(◎Д◎)／
mhmm
borny?
NENUDJUS: AdamTheDuck is talikn abut Grell
o.o
oh chingamalle
:P
dont lick me
/me noms Grell face
Scottish-geeky: keep thinking that
:<
hello everyone (if they care)
Hello there flutterchu
i am just so awseome
Puntches in face
/me glomps flutterchu
/me licks flutterchu
*bleeds*
*from glomp*
(*o*)／(*o*)／(*o*)／(*o*)／BALD! BALD!﻿ BALD! BALD!＼(◎Д◎)／MY﻿ EYES!
Grell: AdamTheDuck licks evry pony here
o.o
flutterchu: oh noes im sorry
/me licks Jmo too
mhmm
Hey,﻿ everypony. Does anypony have a toupee! This King is REALLY REALLY BALD!
sick son of a !
Mr_Anybody: dat spongebob
:3
http://youtu.be/jf4ba72kFNQ
its epic
Mr_Anybody: i glue hair on my ass checks to feel hot...
oh i already saw that
*･゜ﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･'(*ﾟ▽ﾟ*)'･*:.｡­­. .｡.:*･゜ﾟ･*﻿
cheecks!
o.o
you already saw that
o_0
meanwhile and hoody ninja kicked me and did some other anime move that i never heard of but it sounds like it has alsot of power and it sent me into space relying me falling down all the way at kantequestria i could fly into the air but im part pikachu (pikachu's cant fly but i have wings)
dat wall
engaging text wall cannon in 3
2
1
i feel silly right now
(ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ⊂｡二二|。*。✧・゜゜・。✧。*
Helloooooooooooooooooooooooo you sext ass bronys!
mhmm
sexy*
:$
mmmm
ty
sexy
i'm sexy :3
Please watch the text walls
yes you are!
oh stop
Grell: nice
:$
(ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ⊂｡二二|
darn outa ammo
?
i like to do text walls of math :)
and that's why i have band aid's but AJIsAwesome|Asleep wanted to make thing's canon so there hello kitty band aids and whenever anyone touches me ill bleed somewhere
1+2+3
inb4 text walls of math
math is evil
/me doesn't like math
/me likes reading more than math
flutterchu you have a real cool story but you just gotta cut it down bro
Mr_Anybody: cut down what, the RP
?
no me
WHITE PEPOLE IN FRACE =
No stream again?
okay ;_;
(ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ⊂｡二二|:D
Grell: hello are daer
lol
let us fire rainbow dash!
(ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ⊂｡二二|。*。✧・゜゜:D
(ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ⊂｡二二|:[
(ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ⊂｡二二|<3
???
How is everypony
fire love instead
Grell: hello
Guys watch the spam please
FIRE THE LOVE CANNON
PEEEEW
i'm good TechnpBabble you
(ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ⊂｡二二|<3
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJny4_O6KI0
Mr_Anybody: If angle BCX = α, then XCA = α because of the bisection, and CAB = α because of the similar triangles; ABC = 2α from the original isosceles symmetry, and BXC = 2α by similarity. The angles in a triangle add up to 180°, so 5α = 180, giving α = 36°. So the angles of the golden triangle are thus 36°-72°-72°. The angles of the remaining obtuse isosceles triangle AXC (sometimes called the golden gnomon) are 36°-36°-108°.Suppos
it malfunctioned :(
Must I get mica
CANNONPENUS
blinded with math!
holy
Alright, New to Pony Square and I am looking at it's features.
math!!!
muhahahhaahahahha
Scottish-geeky :D
i win!
bwain malfuctioning
texts walls are mine!
must look at pon ies
Guys I ask you to please stop the text wall spam
Scottish-geeky /)
:( buzzkill
JRPHONE: TEX WALL SPAM
Mr_Anybody: started it!
trololololololololololololololololol
i don't even know math i'm a tard at it
Have you read the rules yet?
im out i have to get up early for a zombie prom so l8r
yes i have thank you very much
JRP2234: i have veen here long time
cya Grell have fun u basterd
i wil :)
ha ah
The way she says it makes it sound like she will be born in 75 days. Darn time﻿ traveling gypsy ponies.
Mr_Anybody: lol
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-yQbSKohys
Mr_Anybody: solve my math! now!
Must I annoy wrek
http://smodcast.com/episodes/scott-land/ PODCAST
what is my math talking about?
you mean the golden ratio?
JRP2234: why u kill joy
there you are
your not bad
i may be stupid but their is a reason why i go to college
and you say your tard
why is that
Mr_Anybody: i may be stupid but im not dum
...
eeyup
pony
now then time for some real math what is 2+2
i see ponys...
Mr_Anybody: potato
AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH WRONG it's 0
o shit
Mr_Anybody: POTATO
i see rarity
let me solve it (2+2) ok give me time
NENUDJUS: its potato
wut is the answer to this equation?
shush!!!
5x^-2y^10 over 2x^-1(-3x^-3y^-1)^-2
im mathing!
easy
pie!
Mr_Anybody: .............. YUB NUMB
dose any one here watch bleach
therainbowvortex: i have seen it
what is the answer NENUDJUS
pie
(45/2)x^-7 y^8
Scottish-geeky: do u like it
ya dumby
aww thats what i said
therainbowvortex: a wee bit
SuperBrony64: hey
my pits are wet and it's 3:00 :(
im still solveing 2+2 here give me time!
Scottish-geeky: have u seen kenpachi
i got to go night evry pony
nuuu
i like you
night
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5a_v0MP_Fk&feature=channel&list=UL
saying goodbye going away
why is goodbye such a hard thing to say?
figure it out yet?
46(2x-3)=8-2(3x+1) what is x?
give me time i have to calculate it :3
...
use your mind!
x= 2
no
damn
1.46
:$
1.46939 :P
i can still frekin round it
night every pony
no!
you will not go
yes
no rounding at that level!
i can ROUND IF I WANT TO!
therainbowvortex: bye
he has to get some sleep come on dude
no
ROUNDING IS BETTER THAN SQAREING
Mr_Anybody: its my party I can round if I want to?
yes
x^2-5x+2=0 what is x?
NENUDJUS: fish
close
NENUDJUS: triangle?
closer
NENUDJUS: I give up
now if you try and equation lets say hmm x^2-5x+2=0 than x=2
0.4384
awi
wait
NENUDJUS: that's silly
:$
:3
i derped
:0
why is it any time I come on here when its around 6 AM we're talking about math
i dont reconize anyone here is 3:00 AM where hidden bronies hangout
usually math I don't understand
cause school would be the next moring
then let's talk brony stuff alright?
math! Math for everyone!
fruit snacks
Mr_Anybody: WHY ARE THERE HIDDEN BRONIES ON BRONYSTATE *derp*
Mr_Anybody: haggis chips
ze mlp fruit snacks THEY LIE!
Mr_Anybody: the mlp fruit snacks are all 3rd gen arent they?
yes but the cover shows g4
2/(x+5)-3/(x-5)=1/(x^2-25) what is x?
NUUUUUUUUUU
no more math
this is easy one
i don't want to i'm bored
NENUDJUS: fuck that
x = -26
i just did a physics test today i'm all tired out
on sat?
no on sun :3 of course on sat
Mr_Anybody: better sarcasm would be to say it was wednesday
mhmm
http://memberfiles.freewebs.com/67/68/75036867/photos/PONIES/tumblr_ljtdaprbo41qafrh6.jpg
we were discussing fruit snacks?
Mr_Anybody: yes
im still confused *derp*
the bags are g3 but the box is g4 it makes NO SENSE
Inequalities! anyone up for it?
also, I was ssaying that I don;t buy the toys because they look nothing like the ponies in the show, and sometimes are completely innacurate....
's eye direction: ^_>
i should kick the devoloper of the fruit snacks right in the balls
Mr_Anybody: they probably moved onto better things man
any up for Inequalities!
NO
:'(
lets all link the first youtube video weve ever watched
ahh my chat it's taking a crap
flutterchu: why the hell would we remember that?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sWJn5dydgQU
i do :S
you apparently do though
I dont
mine is awesome and hurt me for a long time
the first vid i saw was hurtful!
still hurts me!
>.>
this was mine http://youtu.be/jNQXAC9IVRw
second youtube video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UU0w1M-njrU
im getting there
my internet is slow
here is mine :3 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbGkxcY7YFU
Mr_Anybody: the first youtube video ever
?
flutterchu: I see you like pikachu
i was around for the time being
the first ever!
cowvarkian: (3
look at mine now you can see why i was hurt
frankly it was just another site i didn't know it was going to be popular back then
3rd (i cant find the REAL upload) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GUssjpXjBRk
so anyway to show my aggrasion(lol spelling sucks) to the fruit snacks i ate them vicuosly
mhmm...
fruit Bowl...
your fruiten up boy!
no it's the super bowl
o.o
super fruity!
G night everypony i will see you guys later...............peace
you guys are all invited to my super bowl party!
Moopy: cya my son!
later
Night Moopy
Anything happen was I was gone?
ye!
i became a wolf
after my 3rd video it changed my life and how much i loved pokemon, i didnt sleep the whole night HOPING TO MYSELF to watch that video agian (and it still amazes me to this day) ;u;
mmk
you just love your text walls don;t you?
AdamTheDuck: season 3 was released
Mr_Anybody: i didnt mean to ;_:
NOWAIBRO
cowvarkian: wha?
AdamTheDuck: totes mcgotes
/me pats flutterchu on the back
there there it's ok
AdamTheDuck: we are doing Inequalities can you solve this no one elce wants to :P |2x+5|<3 what is x?
*beeds*
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=frRcIrnjlQI <-- Not the first video, but if you've seen where this is from then you'll know.
What's with the two |'s?
or is that a bracket?
let me do an other cuz its messing up
my confused is brain
.-.
That looks simple.
I am brain and it is confused
i mean *bleeds*
x^2-7x+10<=0 what is x?
NENUDJUS: yes
Are you dead﻿ ? ALI6359 posted a comment 4 hours agojawed is﻿ dead MisterBongwater420 posted a comment 13 hours agoI wonder who posted the﻿ first weed smoking video on Youtube... theringwoodbros posted a comment 17 hours agoIF IT WASN'T FOR YOU WE WOULDN'T﻿ HAVE YOUTUBE r0ddi18 posted a comment 18 hours ago Report SpamLetzte Aktivität: 23.04.2005 M
Adam
<,<
I dont even
Yes Jmo? :3
Square root of Pi, you have 10 seconds to answer. Kgo.
fish
o.o
lolwut
Pinkie Pi.
this chat is going straight to hell
:o
cbf
Ninjazz was close enough.
Jmo: pi correction: pikachu
:D:
IDC.
D::DD:
\(^_^)/
let's go crazy!
lets go back with equations they seem easyer for you guys
5x^2-7x+2=0 what is x?
>.>
<_>
my dick
>Implying we all arn't already insane in the membrane
Oy! SuperBrony64 !
SuperBrony64: Play RE6 for us? =3
Latest Activity Apr 23, 2005Date Joined Apr 23, 2005Country United States
Ninjazz: oh, we are
/me is loco in the coco
y - 11 + (-0.2)(-60/2)² = -0.2(x² - 6x + (-60/2)²)y - 11 - 180 = -0.2(x - 30)²y - 191 = -0.2(x - 30)²
the hell?
x = 1.0 or x = 0.4 both are right!
x = [-b ± √(b²-4ac)] / (2a) = [-(12) ± √((12)² - 4(-0.2)(11))] / 2(-0.2) = [-12 ± √(152.8)] / -0.4 = 30 ± -30.903x₊ = 30 + -30.903 ≅ -1 invalidx₋ = 30 - -30.903 ≅ 61
wormholes!
0)²y - 191 = -0.2(x - 30)²[03:28:14] the hell?
(-12+/-(12^2-4(-.2)(11))^.5)/2(-.2)=(-12+/-square root(144+8.8)^.5)/-.4= about 60.90307 days
So much math 6_9
all i see is numbers
/me divides by zero
2.8)] / -0.4 = 30 ± -30.903x₊ = 30 + -30.903 ≅ -1 invalidx₋ = 30 - -30.903 ≅ 6
/me bonks cowvarkian with a bucket.
(-12+/-(12^2-4(-.2)(11))^.5)/2(-.2)=(-12+/-square root(144+8.8)^.5)/-.4
i could learn a lot more from bronystate then my accual class
lol
MAAAAAATH D:
So, how bout dem pones?
easy one! x(x-5)=0 what is x?
:3 Ninjazz!
Ohey MadSurge. ^_^
Louis XIV (5 September 1638 – 1 September 1715), known as Louis the Great or the Sun King (French: le Roi-Soleil), was a Bourbon monarch who ruled as King of France and Navarre.[1] He holds the distinction of being the longest-reigning king in European history, reigning for 72 years and 110 days
AdamTheDuck: :D
thanks for that
...
Can I come? I hate math.
I'll invade it with maths.
Louis began his personal rule of France in 1661 after the death of his chief minister, the Italian Cardinal Mazarin.[3] An adherent of the theory of the divine right of kings, which advocates the divine origin and lack of temporal restraint of monarchical rule,
Nuuuuu Jmo, don't you dare!~ :<
/me summons AdamTheDuck's hookers
:>
Hurry ban Jaymoo for twolling!
Oh hell no
Louis continued his predecessors' work of creating a centralized state governed from the capital.
I blame AdamTheDuck.
shhh!
Then ban him too.
BAN EVERYONE.
^
o.o
He sought to eliminate the remnants of feudalism persisting in parts of France and, by compelling many members of the nobility, especially the noble elite,
Mr_Anybody
what are you doing
Mr_Anybody
stahp
( -__-) Not sure if spamming.
Cant' you see NENUDJUS, he is being boxx.
giving all you guys a history lesson
boss*
NOW SHUT UP AND LISTEN!
no!
NEVAH
he wants history!!!
to inhabit his lavish Palace of Versailles, succeeded in pacifying the aristocracy, many members of which had participated in the Fronde rebellion during Louis's minority.
ill give him history!!!
/me rolls his eyes at educational chat and returns to his fics.
/me is watching yugioh abridged
By these means he consolidated a system of absolute monarchical rule in France that endured until the French Revolution.
see you guys don't need school when you have bronystate
Mr_Anybody: totally
NOW DROP AND GIVE ME 20!
/me slaps Ninjazz around a bit with a large trout
woopwoop
Mr_Anybody, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gT9r_-oHJV0
.-.
Dammut jaymoo, now I need a shower.
I regret nothing.
beside's, *talks fast* im the one drinking the cofee here *slurp*
Good.
:>
:C
DO THOSE PUSH UPS!
nah
COME ON YOU LOOK LIKE A PURPLE PONY!!
your point?
<_<
who wants 20$?
me
/me throws money into chat
fight for it
/me takes it all
hello folks of the Bronyetates
hey
Ohai Lil_B
don't bother staying everything is going to shit
/me salhoofs Lil_B with a hug.
salhoofes?
Don't question.
/me salhoofes
Heil grammar.
/me Salhooves Ninjazz back
and hugs AdamTheDuck :)
GIMME 20$
Mr_Anybody: no
HJIGHKLGFHIGHDE
Jibberish doesn't work
it does in my country
jibber
Mr_Anybody: which is that
jibber
but were are herte in the Bronbystate, thats a different country :P
Bronystate*
/me slaps Ninjazz around a bit with a large trout
nemnemnem
no bronySTATE this is a state not a country
Graaaagggh. Jaaaaaaaayyyyymoooooo. >_<
<
<3
/me licks Jmo again
Mr_Anybody: a city state
Actaully, that reminds me I might actually need to take a shower.
i'm not a sumerian cowvarkian
Mr_Anybody: how do you know
No Adam, you have lost all privileges since you didn't answer my question.
i was born and raised in LA?
Mr_Anybody: ah, ok
/me good cow
Mr_Anybody: that explains the gibberish thing
WHY YOU LITTLE
/me strangles cowvarkian
/me gets strangled
What was your question Jmo? :< I was afk
The maths qusetion.
now you have to scream like bart
question*
Which one? :3
Oh right
Pinkie Pie
/me screams like bart
/me lets go of cowvarkian
Pinkie.
Pi.
WHO SAID PINKIE PI?!
Ninjazz is smart you see.
o stop u. cx
/me hugs Ninjazz
;D
/me ish not shmart :<
GROUP HUG!
Mr_Anybody, you might not want to do that. I've been assaulted with fish.
no
/me glomps Mr_Anybody
everyone group hug around us
By someone who likes attacking people with fish. >___>
you know what my mouse feels heavy with power in my right click i have to power to spam a wall of text!!!!
then we will sign the song of my people
so dont mess with big mama!
Mr_Anybody: with sign language?
Isn't singing the prefered form of expression?
Phase4: flash
/me continues to strangle cowvarkian
Bye flutterchu
flutterchu: bye
flutterchu strange combination, but... if you like it xD
flutterchu bye
/me continues to get strangled
http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c5/Bb85790a33.jpg
slowclap.gif
>.>
wut?
any one want a wall? of text?
y the slow clap?
sure
Mr_Anybody the puicture he posted
/me slowclaps as well for no apparent reason.
oh right the dude
/me slaps Ninjazz around a bit with a large trout
FISHY
FISH KILL!
OKAY.
THAT'S IT.
SHOWER TIME.
About time.
O_O
:O
Thats a lot of Fish...
Ninjazz, do tell us what being violated with a fish feels like. :P
AdamTheDuck: >.>
lol
/me slaps AdamTheDuck around a bit with a large trout
:<
Like that.
Now you know.
It feels like that, AdamTheDuck.
feels good
just to let everyone know where we are http://rosiesaysblog.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/you_are_here_galaxy.jpg
good afternoon my little bronies
ew
no
/me slaps DaringDerpy around a bit with a large trout
Hello DaringDerpy
FESSHY
that just sounded wrong
I've heard worst
not the trout!
i've heard nothing but my brain tired
hello DaringDerpy
Mr_Anybody: If angle BCX = α, then XCA = α because of the bisection, and CAB = α because of the similar triangles; ABC = 2α from the original isosceles symmetry, and BXC = 2α by similarity. The angles in a triangle add up to 180°, so 5α = 180, giving α = 36°. So the angles of the golden triangle are thus 36°-72°-72°. The angles of the remaining obtuse isosceles triangle AXC (sometimes called the golden gnomon) are 36°-36°-108°.Suppos
blinded with math!
if i start posting random letter is probably because i fell asleep on my keyboard
Please no text walls
math!!!
muhaahahahahaha
fishsticks
/me appears
PLLEASE ENOUGH WITH THE METH!
noob math
Uhh so much maths~
I amean math
:$
meth lol
ERMAGERD MET
METH'
Please don't text wall
/me slaps Phase4 around a bit with a large trout
so much glorious meth
/me takes Jmo's large trout and slaps Phase4 with it.
Ouch, doubled.
bhgg
I call HAX
gf
/me kidnaps AdamTheDuckand Jmo
fgb
not a text wall if its math!
Zia: you mean math?
So when is Season 3??
tommarow YAY!
Never.
8 years from now
cowvarkian: nope :3
it will never come
Zia: ok, cool
http://sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash3/c0.42.394.394/p403x403/558699_10151018069832091_720293675_n.jpg
o_O
when gabe realises episode 3
NENUDJUS well... I think this wall had more words than numbers in it so I'd call Text Wall :P
Seriously, it said that it would be out in NOVEMBER
season 3 has been cancelled
because reasons
^
Sure, Derpy
XD
Financial problems and all that jimbo.
Season 3 has been cancelled, not enough demand
yeah, i can't wait for s3
Lil_B: you no understand meth then
just a small chatroom with basically 2 users
I personally think that it will be a HUGE disappointment for most.
I thought you were having a shower.
NENUDJUS I do, and I know there can be a ton of letters and words in math, but I still can that a Wall of Text :P
no
Who says I can't take a shower and chat at the same time?
Me.
/me slaps Ninjazz|Away around a bit with a large trout
.-.
Does anyone have any ideas as to when it comes out?? (S3)
rape
Frankly my Dear I don't give a Damn [/Quote]
Feb
Oh come on. Now I need to take a shower after the shower. ;__;
Lil_B: ...
pony_8838 according to the Hub in Nov
Good.
the reason y season three isn't out
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/10/2/8e3aehagQ0-kYgm0ZlsjjQ2.png
/me watches bad cosplay
o.o
Mr_Anybody, .-.
Oh God...
NENUDJUS I'm in the middle of Integral Calculations (or whatever the englisdh name is) but It's Saturday so I don't bother
I don't get it, Mr_Anybody
Lil_B: ....
have you played any of valves games?
no
yes?
like half life or that stuff
not one
is this connected with this hl3 thing?
:[ SHUTUP AND TELL ME WHY SEASON 3 ISNT OUT YET
i dont like valve
/me le sighs
yes
I'm not really into video games anymore
:O
So demanding.
Lil_B, have fun with your integrals
i am ok with that
Watch the all caps please
It was a joke
sorry
lighten up
jeez
it's funny if you know the details to it
take a pill
Bronystate is srsbsns. Ask Ninjazz|Away.
Shower. Shower. Oh. Hmmm?
pony_8838, damn, i was going to troll you by finding a season 3 ep from generation 1 but it seems there were only two seasons
i can't he is AWAY
LOLOLOLOL
hahaha
Phase4, oh you XD
:P
xD
qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnnm
Phase4 honestly I have usually been good in math... up until now, this Integrals and the Curve Calculations are tearing me apart :/
He bailed fast.
>(\<
uh oh
Lil_B, integrals are strange, differentials make much more sense
i found something...
Gabe N., you fiend!Reply · 1 · · Thursday at 6:22amJacob Samuelson · Top CommenterGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEENNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN!!!!!!!!Reply · · Thursday at 4:10pmEmily Oldham · Top CommenterNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO*gasp*OOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!*collapse*Reply · · Thursday at 4:31pmStephen Ninas ·
it is definately nsfw
....
Everytime I think of Valve, I am reminded of Gabe Newell. Everytime I thin of Gabe, I think of http://derpy.me/Et8UV
Shower. Shower. Ohey Ryunosuke. NSFW you say?
Ryunosuke than why do you let is now if it's not allowed anyways xD
definatley nsfw
us*
You must now alot.
becauase I should have know better than to question it, Humans take an idea, and run four steps further with it
my fingers hurt does anyones' else hurt?
JRP: no speek up on that spam i see...
jmo, more than I'd rather have
So you are spaming I see
i got away with it troll.avi
Mr_Anybody are you typing on a normal keyboard?
Oh you.
no i am typing on a wall
lets just say... Google "United Indecent Pleasures"
stilll
Mr_Anybody I was just asking, if you are Typing on a Tablet it would be understandable -.-
oh
...
i forgot about tablets :$
now i look likea douche :(
How on hells name did you find this.
i swear, I find the wierdest shit while surfing the internet, and half of it comes from Reddit
Ah god.
black mesa
there was an article about cadbury registering the color purple for thier chocolates
;p;wit
*lolwut
http://boards.gamefaqs.com/gfaqs/genmessage.php?board=588741&topic=36748102 - here, at the bottom was an ad/article
No need to go into specifics, I'm good.
Pudding is a funny word when you pronounce it funnily and then .. omg Grey's Anatomy in 23 hours and 40 minutes I wonder if Meredith and Dereck will get back together but I really have to pee.The funny part is that is actually what I sound like sometimes. So here is a realistic answer ...Here's another oneI have A.D --OOO shiny things!
I think I'm the only one who spends so much oif his time in the Internet, yet has managed to stay a way from Reddit, Facebook and 4chan and many other Stuff >.<
Ryunosuke, it wouldn't be the first, Coke registed their shade of red as a trademark.
Want a medal princess?
my eyes!
Mr_Anybody, i've got aspergers, others in my family have A.D-- oh shiny!
o.o
i see ponys...
Insanity, insanity everywhere~
Lepercons are short, green. and like rainbows....HOLY SHIZNUT, IMA LEPERCON!
somehow Text Walls always turn off Auto scrolling in my chat :/
pie!
pee covered chocolate mint golf balls whizz by radio shack at noon while barney dances to a techno remix of jay-z I wanna love you all on black friday which falls on friday the 13th.
mhmm...
I want a Pink Pie Pi Pie made by Pinkie Pie, it would by my Pinkie Pie Pink Pie Pi Pie
my mind is full of fuck
o.o
dat dead chat
Looks like this place is going off the deep end :D
Chicken nuggets can never reach the bottom of the sea if their rectangle is broken and if they ingest tacky pink headbands.
hm
hey MadSurge !
Yo Lil_B!
/me Tiphoofs into chat
how are things Lil_B
/me kidnaps Ponies47
hey Ponies47 ! and alexxm thanks, I'm fine :)
hello everypony
/me slaps d3rb around a bit with a large trout
/me Is kidnapped ;~;
sup d3rb
what you bring a party with you?
/me steals Ponies47 from alexxm ... so he can hold him captive himself
Ohey Ponies47 and d3rb!
/me eats trout
wake up and see rainbow dash what do?
Purple giraffes lick the Liberty Bell because it tastes like freedom...just kidding they say it tastes like pennies.
not alot alexxm ,you?
hey MadSurge
i'm good
you know what?!?!
i'm tired
gtfo
:'(
Load Faster Youtube -.-
:D
t(-_-t)
MR t?
wake up and see rainbow dash what do?
explode
bye
later Mr_Anybody
you're*
dat grammar nazi
/me Only slept for 4 hours :$
i'm going to leave now
nope I'm a regular German Citicen
/me licks Ponies47
oh and NENUDJUS
t(-_-t)
Ponies47, whats asleep?
sleep**
mruczek: :3
d3rb: Derped
wake up and see rainbow dash what do?
today is really bad for derping, my mind is not working after last night
Rape
now why would you do that NENUDJUS ?
i like the way it sounds
rrraaappee
Gonorrhea
!!
not again!
G-g-g-gonorreeeea~
second time this week i got that
/me slaps AdamTheDuck around a bit with a large trout
gonarreea! Rape..
/me pokes Jmo
Oh god why me.
moin everypony ^^
Ohai Invi
Mornin'
hey Invi
hey hey hey
stay outta my sh-...
^ Stay outta my shed
lol
I wonder who won
o.o
05new ps2 patch is oute
??
?
Suddenly Wrek
ps2?
Ohai Wrek~
Planetside 12
Playstation 2 d3rb.
who plays ps2 anymore?
2*
guude Invi :3
Don't listen to them.
o
i mean really, they still patch that thing
RoboGerbil not the Console, PlanteSite 2
side*
must have meant 3
they need a better name then ps then
so i hear the new pl;ay station isnt going to be backward compatible
meh
thats unpossible
heard from where?
Jmo: Did you watch Saturday Movie Morning? (BMN)
Nop
Aww. You missed some good card games.
You activated my trap card.
That face
Will never go out of my head.
lolyugioh
cartoons about card games have always made me wonder who watches those
then card games on motorcycles
http://derpy.me/44IrC
good morning everypony :)
Hello thelonepony
g'day thelonepony
That face cannot be unseen
:D
Hey thelonepony
how are you thelonepony
Chat is ded again isn't it? :<
hai thelonepony ^^
Blame you Adam.
hmm.. anyone watch black lagoon, i need to know how many episodes are in each season
hi AdamTheDuck d3rb Ponies47 alexxm and invi :)
AdamTheDuck: I was linking the image of that guy every time they mentioned activating trap cards in the movie.
theres a movie playing?
not feeling well right now alexxm and you?
i'm alright thelonepony
XAX, so it was you. XD Damn that face is so hard to look at.
ok, who in here likes Masashi Hamauzu and/or Aquatic Ambience (the DCK Song) ?
I like post rock :P
Rape..classic
Ok here is a word of advice. When your sleepy late at night. The WORST thing you can do is play MvM. I did that last night and my eyes hurt after that ;~;
hai Lil_B ^^
classic is fun, unless this slow symphonies which never go anywhere -.-
I already said guude Invi :3
Lil_B, oh, i oversaw it then ^^
Fluttercry was kicking during movie night if you said rape. It go to the point where if anyone said it again they'd get banned.
He was srs .-.
^ BronyState is srs bsn
XAX: you said the R word
very srs -_-
XAX: banned!!
brnstt s srs bsns
A fine example of post rock: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-kZ0YX1PkkQ
NENUDJUS: O SHI-
XAX: goch yo ass now sucka!
or other question, who likes Dancing Mad and/or One Winged Angel?
wat?
whats that?
Lil_B, oh God Sephiroth theme
DAcning Mad= Final Boss music in FF6 and One Winged Angel the Final Boss Muic of FF7
XAX: to the moon!!!
Chat is ded again...
is that spikes voice in black lagoon s2 ep1?
2 comnpletly differtent tones, mixed together in the Symphonbic Fantasies Tokyo, and it soudns amazing imo, and I like to talk about music :)
Chats die, chats are born. The cycle of life continues.
/me slaps Ninjazz around a bit with a large trout
I like ponies :3
AdamTheDuck, But of course. It also depends on the model who wears them.
JAYMOO. NOOOOO.
WOOP WOOP
REBELLL
Ponies47, gaaaaaaaaaay!~
hallo o.ol
AdamTheDuck, holy crap that's a good picture too.
Hello LightTrooper105 o.o
o.o
Ohey LightTrooper105.
hello LightTrooper105
/me give AdamTheDuck, Ninjazz and d3rb a stick
Hey LightTrooper105
oh boy!
Ninjazz, I was talking about how people keep drawing ponies with socks to look sexeh XD
OH BOY A STICK!
/me give Ponies47 a stick
/me takes the stick and pokes Jmo with it
/me Looks at the stick
/me slaps AdamTheDuck around a bit with a large trout
/me plays with stick
:<
o.o
/me Noms on the stick
SuperBrony64:
AdamTheDuck, well, put almost anything on their hooves and someone's bound to look at it some way. Also COMPLETELY depends on the pose.
/me gives the stick to charity.
Depends on how hard tou hit Ninjazz as well.
you*
AdamTheDuck: have a great time http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9uZvrsAoyE
Have a great time as well NENUDJUS http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-kZ0YX1PkkQ
I don't like getting hit. :<
/me slaps Ninjazz around a bit with a large trout
Why can't we just pat me on the head or something instead?
Pucker up princess.
/me hits Ninjazz with the stick LightTrooper105 provided with
Aw damnut.
/me kidnaps Ninjazz
lol
guys, my bro walked in last night when we were watching Cranky Doodle.
Abusedd
T__T
Daygon, and?
Daygon, give him a hug
^
then stab him
when he's not looking.
I laughed my ass off
That was an exciting story.
he said i will one day gain his respect back
"One day..."
and i scream "I really doubt that."
"a proper joke consists of a biginning, a middle and an end" :)
lol XD
will not scream but loud enough
What you should have showed him your fan art. Then he would have said "You'll never get my respect back".
So...
Holy crap they made that 6 yr old in the ad say "well fuck me"
Wrek, wanna show something? :P I'm bored, perhaps a few drawings!
He knows about this website
Daygon
He knows too much
and he knows about this placce showing movies and episodes of different shows
You must dispose of him quickly~
This place is rather non-pony actually.
hmm
One of the lesser brony fansites.
Cuz we watched some many pirate of carribean
Which I LIKE.
movies
indeed Ninjazz
and he came it at the part when Cranky was getting angry at Pinkie
and him yelling at Pinkie
Ohhh, the drama part.
I don't like pople being too obsessed with omne thing...
Invi, like me with Rarity? :<
/me slaps Ninjazz around a bit with a large trout
Invi, or me with Octavia? :P
Ninjazz, najh, that is not too obsessed ^^
FISH
/me attacks jaymoo with coconut shrimp.
rape
How do you like it?
Seems legit.
SHRIMP SUCKS
Invi, not too obsessed?! Then I'm clearly not doing something right.
hehe
Ninjazz, well it's not your only chat topic 11
*^^
That...is true.
AdamTheDuck, How can i just erase his memory?
AdamTheDuck: im still loading speedo song :P 48 seconds damn my internet is slow.
/me hands Daygon a .22LR derringer loaded with a single hollowpoint round.
Make it snappy.
HELL NO
I bought a rainbow CD today :3
lucky...
..
Invi: what you mean?
/me throws derringer at AdamTheDuck
NENUDJUS, there was a band called rainbow ^^
Any type of ammunition would get the job done at blank range.
o
/me slaps Ninjazz around a bit with a large trout
Invi: oh :P
Dude, throwing a gun is one of the worst ideas!~
Even a fish.
I SAID ERASE HIS MIND, not erase him from life
/me eats the fish. :I
Oh you.
NENUDJUS, do you know Dio? ^^
NOW YOU HAVE NOTHING, JAYMOO.
/me slaps Ninjazz around a bit with a large trout
Beg to differ.
Invi: no
;___;
^
>
/me lends Daygon Hitler's time machine...
ok, I'm back in abou an hour or 2, gonna do some work... outside... thank good clouds are blocking the sun or else I would be defenceless :(
Make it quick~
Lil_B, build a clod factory ^^
*cloud
What are you wanting me to do with this, AdamTheDuck?
Daygon, it's simple. We kill the Batman.
nope, I'm building a Rainbow Factopry, to make happy little Rainbows : D
Why?
Nice Lil_B
Cya Lil_B.
see you later :)
Aww, you're leaving this insanity Lil_B? Bye~
Why are we going to kill Batman?
So far it's just been "get hit with a piece of fish by jaymoo" time.
Woop woop.
/me slaps Ninjazz around a bit with a large trout
Daygon, because he isn't the hero BronyState needs
Sumerpan is the hero we deserve,
/me hits Ninjazz with salmon
Where are you getting all the-OH COME ON.
Superpan?
No, Sumerpan
/me casts butterfinger spell on Daygon
http://i.imgur.com/jCrJx.jpg
Or is it spelt Sumipan?
I can't rememer XD
/me proceeds to watch daygon ... Drop the Bass
/me transform back
:)
Sumopan :D
No it's Sumerpan, I was right~
UM NO
:D
Sumipan?
Sumerpan's sidekick. Sumi in tights.
SUMERPAN
Could someone explain the backstory to this image? XD
Even I'm not sure :P
/me grabs the derringer from the floor and hits Ryunosuke with it.
Hmmm.
I could have shot but i dont have fingers
there it is, sumerpan
And then people made jokes, you know how Bronystate likes its meemes.
memes
Mii miis.
Ninjazz, hehe, I wish I were there back then~
Apples
shoo be doo~
the buffer memes aswell
SHOOP SHOOP BE DOO
:D
Toot
that i9s all
AdamTheDuck, you and me both.
have adam apples
Shoo be doo shoo shoo be do is still best meme.
indeedy
/me Jumps around the chat "Apples! Apples! Apples! Apples!"
I don't care about yo' leveages, railings or Gondors, Shoo be doo.
Shoo be doo, shoo shoo be doo!~ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06U3Z60_s6g
leverages*
TWO CAN PLAY THIS GAME, Ponies47
Pears, Pears, Pears.
Ponies47, but her eyes are nor derp
Rainbow Dash always dresses in style~ http://fav.me/d59unmv
Invi: I know. ._.
http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/250x250/21780437.jpg
Yea, Invi is right
Ryunosuke, indeed...
True True Ryunosuke
Ryunosuke: It's so true ;~;
AdamTheDuck: im going to ... damn it its sunday! my little pony is on at 10:30 am!
AdamTheDuck: sat*
Ryunosuke, Where was Gondor when One does not simply not go on Bronystate for 5 seconds?
NENUDJUS, bye then~ :P
i was going to bed...
AdamTheDuck: but i cant my little pony is on soon
ITS SUNDAY!?!? It was friday yesterday.
sat*
NENUDJUS, sleep? What is this sleep you speak of?
Why sleep when there are ponehs
DONT ever ever ever ever say sunday on a saturday
sat and sun mlp fim 10:30 and 4:30 all diff episodes
only on treehouse
and the hub
:P
Back when I vacationing at the states, I would try to wake up at 8am to watch MLP.
makes me feel odd turning on treehouse lol
psh
It...really was an odd experience watching it on TV.
ye :p
Since I only had YouTube and torrents before.
well guys imma go play 10+ hours of Gears of War 3!!!!!!!!
I come to bronystate just to watch Aquabats :)
Daygon: have a great one
aquabats still exsist?
Bye Day- damnit
Speaking of which, do they still stream Aquabats?
damn ony! 8AM so close to 10:30AM!!
Good morning :)
Hey Cypresswolf.
Morning Cypresswolf
good morning Cypresswolf
Hello Cypresswolf
hai Cypresswolf
Cypresswolf: welcome to sexy town
i am there leader
Awww Yeah!
hmm
my name is sexy man
and they are my sexy trolls
:D
todays pony episodes are dragonshy and baby cakes :)
I think
on treehouse?
hub
o goodie
i just saw them :p
I'll miss todays episodes - hitting Toys R Us as soon as they open today - stock up on any older pony toys before the new november stuff comes in
o.o
And Targer after I go to the bank
i dont get the pony merch
Target
Send me an extra Rarity, Cypresswolf. ;__;
i have no pony stuff
I'll miss the pony episodes too because today is cider festival :D
Cider Fest - I'd like to attend...where is it being held?
NENUDJUS, me neither ^^
Cypresswolf: russia
Cypresswolf, Merzig, in Saarland, germany
Cypresswolf: close...
hehe
:P
i dont know if i should get pony merch tho
iv told my self im not getting them toys
other then that i will buy maybe
I know your feel NENUDJUS ^^
Invi: really!
they toys look odd to me
like there plushies
:) I need one of these http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_Ai3TT4Szc-A/SISi3gZ9dGI/AAAAAAAABiE/kIQNsR3Ibeg/s400/dso.jpg
Bazzaar!
well, some plushies are very well made
i mean store plushies
Cypresswolf: ill get one for you on your b day :3
I saw these really awesome Fluttershy and Twilight plushies at Canterlot Gardens. But the guy wanted $85 for a Fluttershy and $105 for a Twilight ._.
o.o
yeah they are so epic expensive
still better then 300$
I wouldn't spend so much on teh,
m
i want a rainbow dash plushie
:3
but so much!
i want a plushie :(
$$$
Invi: Like this? http://img.thesun.co.uk/multimedia/archive/00570/dolphin5_570045a.jpg
Next year I think I'm gonna buy a plushie at Canterlot Gardens :$
:3
i wish i could go to them things
but up here in canadia there is nothing
Cypresswolf, no, it needs more armor and guns and actual wheels, but that comes pretty close ^^
Cypresswolf: :O WANT IT, NEED IT
Cypresswolf: now we need to add the power rangers theme song
:P
what should a get for pony merch?
thelonepony: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Wt6XlVob_E
NENUDJUS: ALL the PONIES!
o.o
no to much
Clean that shelf off :P
im thinking like a keychain
somthing like that
or
:D
a lyra plushie
:d
:P
lolz
im to good
*crickets*
._.
Ded chat is ded
How about a....Colgate Action Figure with Gingevitis Fighting Action!
no
i know!!! :()
:)
a life size rainbow dash plushie!!!!!!!!!
OMFG
Cypresswolf, that would be actually pretty cool
$10,000!!!
thats a long link...bleh
:P
Cypresswolf: Must.....go....to...store......now ;~;
most...think...about what to get!
merch!!! ponys!!! ahh!!!
Wait if I got those. My brother would destory them :(
Those look good.
one of these days, I might turn all my blind bags into ornaments...there are quite alot of them - It'll be a pony tree :D
Better than the toys, imo.
:p
im a get a blind bag :3
thats what ill get!!!
well shit they dont sell em up here in canada i dont think
:"9
:'(
cant even cry right...
Cypresswolf, you could build a bigger pony out of the ponies ^^
I wonder what store you can get those pony ornements
:O That's Brilliant!
china
Toys R Us
Cypresswolf, but don't make it look creepy :D
Cypresswolf: Of coarse Toys R Us why couldn't it be somthing closer like Target or Walmart ._.
cuz
there to small name
for
toyz
Invi: So...NOT at the dinner table? Got It :) http://movies.infinitecoolness.com/05/closeencountersofthethirdkind07.jpg
Cypresswolf: Those ornaments are actually decent quality. They're not made badly .-.
Helloooo!
Cypresswolf :D
The Pinkie Pie snowflake ornament was better crafted - and looks much cuter
LolipopOfDoom: hallo
hi LolipopOfDoom
i want rainbow dash everything!
now!
>:0
NENUDJUS: Everything, you say? >_>
yes! everything Cypresswolf
a rainbow dash toilet brush :D
:) That's what I thought http://www.strawberryreef.com/images/Ponies/R/RainbowDashNC_300_L_sr.jpg
yes!!
the fastest toilet brush in all equestria ^^
:P
Cypresswolf: what did i just see
It comes with included batteries :D
Cypresswolf: that was not nice
NENUDJUS: oops :) wrong link >_> http://m2.mattters.com/youtube/KBAMoD9Rih4/large.jpg
Cypresswolf: never again
:P
Cypresswolf, that thing is cute. isaw it on youtube ^^
dont know what it is but i want it
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_PZPpWTRTU
unfortunately, that automaton sold months ago....Im waiting for an Applejack version...been saving up since the Twilight Sparkle was posted up
Rex_Mundi, lolwat?
i just thought of somthing! if i want everything rainbow dash right what about ... condoms :3 rainbow dash condoms
FTW!
im so fast now :p
:d
Here's Twilight http://static.yousaytoo.com/post_images/c5/2d/d7/9827266/remote_image_4dea9750e1.jpg
:D I dont think they make those...at least I hope not
:p
hehe what does it do? turn the pages?
boobs
Oh. Hey LunaTheBeloved. Tis been a while.
sass
Cello
si
link?
Cypresswolf, a automatic fluttershy whistle?
not sure what it does, automaton's not finished yet :)
where can i buy rainbow dash ... everything?
Harrods
what is that?
my teacher says they sell everything
a store
wooo
a store in London
...
london canada?
:p
i try here
there is a London in canada?
yes
is there a berlin in cana too? ^^
*canada
not sure about that
and a New York?
mmm
nah
theres a york :P
a york is everywhere ^^
I pretty much stopped collecting customs...not nearly enough new ones of characters I dont already have - to the point I'll have to have the missing charaters/creatures commissioned
:3
MHMM
priminister harper is my hero!
Dayum.
i dont know why
Charlie Harper? :D
no
Cypresswolf, d'aww
Y Harper buy so many new f-32's!!!
artist made a Crackle for Canterlot Gardens - wish I could have gone - Ohio is too far north :P
spend like 400 mill
Keep calm and Crackle
on f-32's
Blaargh!
and why
well
just cuz...
we are canada we buy fighter jets
for no war
just cuz
im so proud
"Just Cuz"~ Harper
someone type somthing
>_>
<_<
something
there we are
do we have a stream
Invi: are you someone boy!!
have some Dave Chapelle http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-y4lsNyUyY
no
-> buy fighter jets -> not for war => seems legit >.>
tooooo laggy
eeyup
NENUDJUS, I am what?
I wish I remembered this vid last week when the Dark Knight played http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSMfGcXX9Ek
not someone
I am not someone?
okay then ^^
mhmm
Cypresswolf, lol
i love free trade with the U.S. ^^
to bad i still get taxed >.>
how old are you NENUDJUS?
GST HST PST HGST
21
Im in love with ponies, cant stop thinking about hem. dont want to stop thinking about them either. Just...<3
wait, canada has free trade with US?
Another oldie I have - Ponies & Saw Theme - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RoYpxcnLEbg
yes why dose no one know this
Rex_Mundi: i love ponies to :3
boarder fees...
Rex_Mundi, you will get used to it somewhen ^^
shipping fees
tax on shiping fees
tax on boarder fees
>.>
taxed my life
even on food
we have no border tax around here. I import gas every week ^^
Ponies are so cute and pretty and have awesome personalities, I just want to marry everyone of them.:)
and energy drinks :3
what are your gas prices
1.47€ Diesel /liter and in Luxemburd 1.30€/liter
Rex_Mundi the polygamist pony.
hmmm
that is fuk'n much >.>
I saw $3.39 on the way home yesterday - Houston
1.40$ here
Ninjazz: :D
Cypresswolf: o.o holly hell
3.39/liter or per wheteveryoumeasure in?
he is Gl
gl
i am liters
gl, how many liters are that...
a few weeks ago it was 30+ cents higher
there are mor gl in a liter
ya
lemme ask my calculator...
:P
Diesel fuel was $5.00
its still high
o.o
okay, US gal or UK gal?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOZLoWu4BHM
thats like $7 here
US
for him
i am liter :P
3.785l/gal
so its cheaper in the US
...
eeyup
it's always cheaper there
lower taxes
mhmm
what your tax?
%
no one know there tax?
:p
I only know that taxes in luxemburg are very low compared to neighbor countries
I still don't wanna live there ^^
whats that?
in germany, the all taxes on gas sum up to circa 150%
-the
what
NENUDJUS, a very small country next to germany and france
150%
hm...more 200%
You Can't Post This On Bronystate - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oO5agWqCvs8
yes
sales tax and mineral oil tax
import tax
so you give 200% tax
wtf that is no not right
Or this :D - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z28vlIcr0zc
NENUDJUS, come to germany and learn how bureaucracy overtakes the county ^^
thats like every 1$ spent you give a 1$
2$
yes
eeyup
o.o
dafuq
mobility is expensive here.
also solidary tax: you pay tax just because you can xD
im feeling a lot getter now
better*
14% tax is nothing :P
Moo
moo
but there are some things i guess with your taxes comes welthy nation
no
with our 14% we buy fighter jets :p
with taxes come wealthy politicians
hm, but it could be worse
just digged out my pocket calculator. the current gas price here is 8.90 usd per gallon
no no welthy wel-fare
also, moo
welthy ppl sitting at home on the tax payerrs dime
also
DaringDerpy, 2.something/liter? wow
lazy people sitting at hom
well up to the upper middle class, everyone gets more than he pays
on the tax payers dime
Chrysalis: ....
Chrysalis: where did you come up with that!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9kox6hGoTy8
1.51€
1€ is 1.30
$1.30
DaringDerpy, wow that is 10c more expensive than here
and one gallon 4.55 litres
DaringDerpy, one us gallon is about 3.75l
we are taxed to shit here
my price is from last week
oh
o and tax on gas :3
stupid ancient units
NENUDJUS what do you think job-seekers and dole is
so tax the 1.30 by 14%
so few of them actually try
there are some that do
DaringDerpy, that were UK gallons you measured in ^^
but most just sit on their ass and do nothing as workers pay for it
they should switch to decent units
Chrysalis: very small %
and I'm back -.-
wb Lil_B
wb Lil_B. we are discussing the tax situation ^^
it's $7.22 per gallon then
thanks thelonepony and Invi , what tax situation?
Lil_B, gas prices are too damn high
paid less than one a decade or so ago
Invi youdontsay.jpeg
dont forget me i started the tax talk
NENUDJUS, I said we, didn't I? ^^
i dont know
aanyway. Luxemburg taxes are better than taxes in germany ^^
ok i pay 1.30 cad + 14% tax a litter.
it's a ~1.70$/1Liter for me atm, thats raughly about 2$ per Liter
I'm so glad I can work there instead in germany ^^
Invi work where?
I used to buy in Poland when I lived on the border.
Lil_B, in Luxemburg ^^
Lil_B, 1.27€/l Diesel ^^
Invi damn, you work in Luxenburg?! damnit, why am I livin in the goddam,n middle of Gertmany >.<
tourism of finances, Invi?
kinda ^^
-of +or
oh uh
wat?
mornin'
Invi: i hear that the tax over there is in the price like its not hidden like over here
hey ekips :)
moin ekips
hi ekips
Hey ekips
hi ekips
NENUDJUS, yeah. most products are very expensive there, but i buy them in germany wheer they are pretty cheap ^^
i see
Ponies47, wow that is good
nice drawing Ponies47 :3
No you don't like drawing Ponies47, now go back to bread :<
Invi: do you have to pay at the boarder? taxes for bringing in goods?
Isn't it fancy pants? :P
Hey, all. No stream?
AdamTheDuck: No ._.
Hello DocSane, and nope :<
hi DocSane no stream
Hey DocSane
hi Ponies47
NENUDJUS, nope because of free EU market
Blarg
hi thelonepony
Hi DaringDerpy
hi the others
hai DocSane
hi DaringDerpy :)
I demand useless entertainment!
Invi: and i have to pay and we and the U.S. have free trade...
That hopefully isn't more Yugioh
NENUDJUS, well apparently not ^^
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSHCp7D_6As have some entertainment
Invi: canada's laws are wako
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5jKuYOotsA
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-y4lsNyUyY
anything of interest happening? I'm bored >.<
Hey everpony :)
Hello Sonny
how are things Sonny
hi Sonny :)
hai Sonny
thanks guys :-
Hey Sonny
;)
hi Sonny
ekips discussing taxes? ... I dunno :/ Euro Movie Night in 295 min
So what's up guys?
hey Sonny :)
hey Lil_B ^^
Lil_B, Viezfescht :D :D
Invi: you know what odd with our government there like a communist democracy its an oxymoron but its true
uh-oh
what?
inteligent discussion
good day everypony! :D
Viezfecht? Invi I've never heard of that :P
everybody hide
eww discussion about politics..
hi Bogy
hey Bogy
Dare I ask what you all are discussing?
Invi: they dont vote on half the crap we do they just do it... :/ odd
hello Bogy
Hello Bogy
Lil_B, come to Merzig ^^ bescht Fescht ever ^^
Hey Bogy
NENUDJUS, kinda same here ^^
Hey, Bronystate!
hai JunkerKun ^^
/me licks Ponies47 for no apparent reason
Hey JunkerKun
Invi: what crap huh?
Ohai JunkerKun
hi JunkerKun :)
O///////////O
How is it going, everyone?
NENUDJUS, indeed
http://youtu.be/kLcB82y55Vk
NENUDJUS, but it could be worse
Invi probably, our Kirmes only has 2 rides and 3 Stands :P
hey JunkerKun :)
NENUDJUS: Where is "here" for you?
Invi: how so?
Lil_B, lol we have a pretty big one ^^
/me hugs Invi, Ponies47, AdamTheDuck, thelonepony and Lil_B
DocSane: canada
/me glomps AdamTheDuck and Ponies47 because of mayn reasons
NENUDJUS: Ah.
and hi DocSane
Hey there.
DocSane: :3
/me noms on Lil_B's hair :3
NENUDJUS, it's better than a dictator or actual communism or monarchy or anarchy
NENUDJUS I would love to visit Canada, or maybe even move there, there, Switzerland or Scandinavia
Invi: very true
I can't comment on Canadian politics, since I'm not familiar with them.
Lil_B, well switzerland isn't that far away ^^
Lil_B: id love to visit germany and all them places :3
Invi I know, but as far as I know it's hard to get a Citicenship
DocSane, it's pretty much the same with USA
Lil_B, it is?
two major parties and all
Lil_B: it takes 5 years here
CrimsonPhoenix: I dunno, Canada doesn't seem nearly as right wing as our government.
Invi just as far as I know, counrys with a good econopmy tend to have strickt measures there :P
not in canada Lil_B we have open gates :p
just stay here for 1 year+
Does anypony have an idea of what I could draw :3?
rainbow dash
Sonny, steampunk.
Sonny: I got nothing :/
Sonny, steampunk ponies~
mmmh
Lil_B, in luxemburg they pay Rente when you work there for 10 years ^^
Sonny, with a glorious trenchcoat
http://youtu.be/6Gk23WX7xVk
NENUDJUS: What, really?
I could try :o
I need to learn to dra and use Flash.
NENUDJUS: 1 year and that's it?
brb
Sonny, a dark trenchcoat with wonderouos golden cog embroidery
Then I'd spend all my time making silly little cartoons.
Invi Well, I worked for 2 Years, I could get Rente now and get 1,5€ per month for the rest of my live
JunkerKun: if your are from like iraq and shit
starting Planetside 2..5GB patch. This weekend hates me <.<
hello everypony!
Lil_B, that is enough for 1l gas and a Brötchen per month
JunkerKun: but for everyone elce 5 years about
hi superDERP
NENUDJUS: Oh. Well, I'm from Russia, it may count since government here is a s**t
Sonny, with a dark iron musket rifle with gold engravings leading the Industry resistance against "Rarity IS Industries"
NENUDJUS Maybe I'm moving to Canada, but hhwo can tell, I'm only 20 :
Sonny, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-IjuIKSUlo Here's a taste~
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-IjuIKSUlo
Invi nope, 1L of Diesel in Luxenburg and 1 Bun :P
oh lawl
Lil_B Don't leave me back here in Germany
Sonny, also don't forget the goggles~
AdamTheDuck: Looks like someone had too much Borderlands 2 lately
AdamTheDuck, I adore DrDissonance1
Sonny, tell me if I am pinging too much xD
Lil_B :D
Ah, the Tekken movie... Now to see how awful it really is.
AdamTheDuck: nono it's fine ^^
sad but true...
does anyone know when the next stream is?
AdamTheDuck: I get your idea :)
AdamTheDuck: I might try it later ^^
Lil_B: i dont understand what you are fully saying but 18 is an adualt
JunkerKun, indeed, but I loved steampunk before Mecromancer :P
ekips ... there is a lot of open Space in Canada, how about we found Bronystadt somewhere there xD
AdamTheDuck: Wha? You got Mechromancer?
lil go to the plains
lol
Lil_B, good luck living in there
Lil_B: go to the plains
Lil_B that would be awesome :3
Lil_B: in saskatchuwan
JunkerKun, no no no, but the idea is so awesome /)^3^(\
the ground is not fertile up there, it's extremely cold
Lil_B: There are a lot of forests in Russia. I think we may find Everfree Forest here
>_>
<_<
NENUDJUS I know, I am fully adult, but my current situation woukldn't alklow that, maybe after I wqorked or a few years and lay some money to the side, than it'
JunkerKun, It's just like necromancy... Only with homicidal robots.~
guys i got all 52 episodes of mlp on itunes
it's pssoble, that's what I ment
everything is possible
Lil_B: ya maybe then
AdamTheDuck, what do you think of Dishonored?
we have a town that only consists of 3-5 houses Lil_B ^^
CrimsonPhoenix, really there isn't any gameplay video of yet I think
LoGaN, congratulation, join the club
so I can't make an informed decision
does anyone know when the next stream is?
Invi let's take it over and make it a rogue city >:)
Invi I know, we have some damn small villages here XD
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XbQgdSlsd0
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmOogPD2ROI
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YcD28sNiB0w
CrimsonPhoenix, oh cool :P
superDERP: No, I suppose =(
Lil_B: if your really thinking about moving to canada dont trust everything i say im not the government to to canada.ca or somthing :3
ekips, yeah with the P1000 Ratte :D
CrimsonPhoenix, I wonder how much stealth there is actually going to be though :/
okay....:(
Minecraft players http://youtu.be/hLNnZVxjfQc this must now be played in the background when you play the game
Most games today tend to go for the action-stealth approach...
AdamTheDuck, good point
NENUDJUS yeah :) I just have one question about Politics...
I'll still buy it
Lil_B: ye?
maybe for the environment it'll give
Invi okay gogo...where can we get one?^^
Hai everypony
NENUDJUS do you have only 2 parties to vote for like in the US or multiple ones?
hi DerpyMuffins
ekips, Saarstahl AG ^^
how much does it cost?
Lil_B: we have like 6 parties :3
CrimsonPhoenix, I'd give a few months for a price drop and some reviews then decide :P
CrimsonPhoenix, DrDissonnance rules ^^
I'm cheap that way XD
...guys are you hearing this?
ekips, with enough money I could buy it there ^^
They're coming....
THEY'RE COMING http://youtu.be/EBgGgzvJGyM
HIDE YOUR KIDS HIDE YOUR WIFE
NENUDJUS good :) that's like in germany, and it makes more sense to me than just 2 were the possibility is really high that you don't like any of them
/me Slups
Lil_B: conservative, libral, NDP, Quebec, GREEN and little ones
the changelings will rule the world...
CrimsonPhoenix: But I don't have children and wife///
Invi you do that and I'll take a course how to control that thing :P
is there a stream right now?
DrdDissonnance is really active in the mylittleremix site
>_>
dear Princess, today i learned never to put your computer in the trunk of the car wen its raining. -Nimble Bolt
NENUDJUS good :)
CrimsonPhoenix, you on a Dissonance trip? watch diesel coated grin ^^
hey uhm...
guys?
Do you like mmmmhhhhhh bananas?
Ivin I have him on my steam friend....not that it's a feat
Sonny: . . .
G'day all
Tiberium126: Hey
CrimsonPhoenix, Diesel coated grin or Pinkie Pie propaganda ^^
Lil_B: but its a minority government
So you don't know wether you like banas or not? superDERP ?
Lil_B: you know what that is?
Sonny: Of course he likes bananas!
Hoy and don't forget this http://youtu.be/8OMtBPrThY4
NENUDJUS no
no, i love bananas, but it just reminds me of.... somthing
well he's about to go bananas! ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!
oh...
CrimsonPhoenix, why the hell do they always hire shitty hosts that ask the crappest questions? >.>
>_>
<_<
http://i.imgur.com/sDy9e.gif
AdamTheDuck, i don't know
Sonny: You... you've been rewatching those videos lately, right?
How do you balance "stop time"? WELL GEE, THERE IS MANA.
JunkerKun: mabbbbyyyyy
omgosh omygosh D/
not sure if stream started, or i really need the flash to run it...
Trunk and Gotan are going to fuse! :D
i have bought a guitar
mentallyeffedguy, /)
mentallyeffedguy: You can play it?
well, it's time for me to finally get to learn how to work with Ableton -.-
Lil_B: say there are 100 sets right 40 are conservative 30 are libral 15 are NDP right unless there is over 50 sets to one partie the closest get a minority witch is then they have to get a nother partie to help them in a vote to pass a lw or bill so then together they will have over 50 sets
and hai
GOD DAMMIT That music makes me want to play Kirby
O_O
also this http://youtu.be/AtxaGSSYetA
Mother OF GOD
whut
the
fwack xD
Lil_B: help?
NENUDJUS oh, ok that means it's the same systm here in germany : D
has it stared or do i really need the flash?
i guesse :3
NENUDJUS: With your big post you just blew my mind
or was it just an ad
NENUDJUS: Why is it so complicated?
JunkerKun: cuz its canada
whut is THAT xD
NENUDJUS: Hm. That explains it, I guess...
JunkerKun: :P
JunkerKun: ofcourse not
it's not complicated
mentallyeffedguy: Lol. Me too. And still I have an acoustic guitar
just think of it as a pie chart
good morning everyone
its just not 1 leader
Mornign OneTrickPony
hello OneTrickPony
at that point
mentallyeffedguy: Well, unless it was a sarcasm and I am too dumb to understanbd =|
:[ guys! do i really need this flash or was it just an ad!?
g'day OneTrickPony
Back
hi OneTrickPony
Hey OneTrickPony
JunkerKun: its a black acoustic guitaur, i dont know how to tune it
/me licks Ponies47
:3
superDERP, flash? .-.
What are you talking about?
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
flash plugin
mentallyeffedguy: Of. Mine is black too =) And I can't remember how to tune it either
the first thing you download when you first get internet
Well there's no stream at the moment anyway~
Tom just say November jeez
JunkerKun: in the U.S. 2 parties one will have over 50% vote in canada there are many parties there for not allways a 50% -what ever vote
ok thanks!
JunkerKun: ive looked trough youtube, i have a digital tuner, yet im to much of a retard to it :/
oh yeah one more thing about Canada
oh god
xD
first post on EQD http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-sswFhfg3zOw/UG8w4uNKWxI/AAAAAAAAAZI/tYFBub7MrEQ/s1600/pinkiezoom.gif... WTF?
there's no limit on how long you're the prime minister
another fusen fail xD
do it*
CrimsonPhoenix: meh... i dont think so
mentallyeffedguy: Meh. My mom uses tuner too. I've been using my ears a long time ago.
CrimsonPhoenix: its like 8 years
oh dragonball
you so funny
NENUDJUS, yeah no I don't think there's that limit like in the US
JunkerKun: yes, but your mom knows how to use the tuner, unlike me
NENUDJUS: Same in Russia. I'm telling you, all we need is TWO parties, we don't need a shit load of parties
/me is afk
AWESOME
JunkerKun: well i think and i seem to see many russians think that there rigde for putan
there is no stream, correct?
mentallyeffedguy: yes
mentallyeffedguy, correct.
yep
OH YEAHHH
mentallyeffedguy: well, I think, all you have to do is put it on guitar's grip, pick the string and see if the light on the tuner is in green zone
FK YYYEAAAAAHHH
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSvFpBOe8eY
JunkerKun: it gets in the green light zone, but its the wrong note or something
http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a1/Canada_Federal_Election_2004-2011.gif that's an interesting gif
links, links everywhere
mentallyeffedguy: isn't there is a switch for different strings?
nioe
nope
bananas
inv its a mess to me in the chat :P
apples
oranges
Invi: its a mess to me in the chat :P
imma go try tune it now JunkerKun
Best party http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marijuana_Party_of_Canada
mentallyeffedguy: good luck
i expect nothing but failure
42
CrimsonPhoenix: I want that party to win
NENUDJUS, I switched to a chatclient instead of the flash thigy there ^^
:p
OneTrickPony: they never will sad
yea :'(
Frenssu - Gladiators from SimGretina........
that's why I dont care who wins the elction right now
I feel nothing from that song
I mean ok yeah it deserve a few headbob
but there's nothing really amazing about it
CrimsonPhoenix: who do you vote for?
except that it reminds me of the 80s disco
I'd rather keep my political views
any one know any good reggae artists besides Bob Marley?
CrimsonPhoenix: o
I heard a song recently from some artist I don't remember and it was regy as well
but ye, I forgot his name >_>
OneTrickPony: snoop - lion lol
NENUDJUS: NO!
OneTrickPony, beside Bob? oh jeez that's hard
OneTrickPony: :d
if only I had my brother here
lol
he could answer that question easily
bah
have from medieval french rap instead http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NRqSrPTPv8
OneTrickPony try the Afroman
Lil_B: k thnx
Lil_B....really?
oh hai Lil_B!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=thifYDl07IE
BECAUSE I GOT HIGH
Ow, buck
CrimsonPhoenix: you dont like gladiators?
OneTrickPony, the music?
o hai Sumica
d'awww...
I really should've not try to play guitar again
Is anybody intrested in seeing my drawings?
....beeeh it's ok just there's nothing on it
CrimsonPhoenix: yes
hi Sumica :)
OneTrickPony I don't know how good his music is, I just know that he makes Reggae :/
Agh!
goddamn you scared the shit outta me
hi Sumica :)
xD
00,10morning all
O-O
Hai Sumica
morning Sumica
I hear Crono Trigger...
Good mornign Sumica :3
Oh, Chrono Cross
happens to me every time, Buytoast ^^
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL
Morning
Gah Sumi, that scared the crap out of me
:o
Dat yay scared me
hi there Sumica
Morning, Sumi-chan
Mornin' Sumi.
Lil_B: Isn't it Chrono Cross?
....anyd the chat explodes
00,10I is happy ^_^
Nu, Sumica is here! Hipe the porn!
what a way to start a stream! i loik it
to much pinkie!!!!:O
hide*
00,10but i like porn
I think the stream needs a sign-on animation.
JunkerKun I think this is Trigger :/
AdamTheDuck: XD
I come onto here to see ponies! Huzzah!
Too bad, we're hiding it Sumica.
superderps there can't be too much pinkie :D
Lil_B: Hm... Damn it, I can't exactly remember
A way to announce "We're beginning the broadcast day".
Sumica, why so happy?
00,10now I am not so happy
chrono trigger <3
Sorry I asked. :<
Sumica, I love you
oh well
Sumica: you should be, i just destoryed all the porn. :U
Bogy: youre wrong
I is happy too. Came on just in time
Braviary: you came for ponies! where do you think this is! youtube like jeez
00,10Oh right, so i went and cashed my check at the casino yesterday after bmn
am I?
yes
so much yes
annnnnd?
00,10and you get a spin on a prize wheel for doing that
i don't think so :D
And you gambled it all away and learned a valuable life lesson?
uh-huh, sumi?
CMC ARE THE ANIMANIACS?
annnnnnnnnd?
BEST VIDEO EVER
00,10mostly it's just crap like comp points and cheep buffet
00,10I won a PSP vita ^_^
ooooh!
yay
Holy crap
i love this! ;)
Sumica: Congrats!
Sumica, PSV
not PSP Vita
LUUUUUUUUCKY.
00,10what ever
Hehe, lucky you Sumica. :P
Sumica: Now go buy a memory card for it X)
you're cute
00,10either way it replaces the one I lost at work
yay
yay...
whats the yaying?
Almost every time I come on, it's either Spacecraft, or one of the streamers playing a video game. I know those things have their fans and I'm not going to bash them, but, NENUDJUS, it's just not my thing. So when I check, and they have ponies, it's a happy thing.
Sumica: Ah, so you already had one
not bad, Sumica
Haven't seen Woona or Fluer in the other corner for some time.
00,10had a psp till a month ago
00,10and it came with memory card
what song is this?
Sumica: Ah, I thjought you had a PSV
00,10only down side is I lost my games with the old one
guys, i will be joining you all watching tonights movies :D
These lyrics are confusing me. 6_9
Sumica: ;A;
Ohai Sumica
00,10all i have is patapon cause downloaded
Braviary: you know a out a little joke on it like you come to BRONY sit for ponys you know
what is this song?^^
which one Sumica ?
00,102
I've never actually watched Ghostebuster fully, but I know that the Yu Gi Oh Movie is nice to riff about :)
Funny we're seeing Baby Cakes clips. That's one of today's eps coming up I think
Yugioh in all its forms is awful.
Lil_B: do you have steam?
eat shit you homosexual toad
NENUDJUS yes
So this video is kinda what you're feeling atm?
DocSane: Yeah but it's still as fun as hell to riff
thats the best insult ever
00,10yeah but it's fun to make fun of awful
mentallyeffedguy wat?
NENUDJUS, I don't understand that sentence.
Lil_B: is it same name?
That
Braviary: cuz im dumb
J_E_Smith71: I don't understand how kids would genuinely like that show.
steak!
Pills here!
That's why I voted not to have it WMC'd simply because the chat riffs are fun
NENUDJUS no, currently it's... wait, I have to check XD
Your pony wants steak!
/me pulls his cart filled with pills
Braviary: where is that from? "pills here"
Lil_B: :P
It's from L4D.
heavy rain outside :)
come get your pills here. ;d
Meanwhile, Luna just snoozes the day away.
Love this one.
vision range is less than 1000m
DaringDerpy get a copy, it's fun to play
whats from l4d?
welp
The "Pills here!" quote, pinkiespice.
a wild pinkie pie appeared
oh
Still a little odded out that it's Pinkie Pie and not Rainbow Dash.
i remember this vid, was supposed to be good
lol
because they're usually paired.
applejack!
Smile SMILE SMILE!
Lil_B: I think I saw this game played here. Not so interesting
xD
....
Lol.
LOL
Love this already.
Lol
this is my jam!
Invi: do you have steam?
What others think "Man there are Ponys in this Video" what Bronys think "Why is Scout with Pinkie Pie and not with Rainbow Dash"
the silliness of this video
00,10dem teath
greatest thing EVER
it pleases me
Wait, why did they use the actual Smile song? There's a Pyro parody of his called Fire Fire Fire
medic's pinkie?
/me makes note to play some l4d today
Oh wait
Ninjazz, Scout is a joking kind of guy who breaks the fourth wall. I know it's not as common as Scout and Dash, but I've seen enough of Scout with Pinkie that it's not an oddity.
Didn't notice it was Medic instead of Pyro
/me corrects it makes it L4d2
Besides, who else would appear in a confetti explosion?
pinkiespice, it wasn't in the first one?
what would make this video more awesome is a fan voice for medic singing the smile song
Braviary, I'm just saying that /I/ think it's odd to see.
NENUDJUS yes, my name is Lil'B there too, I think I changed it a month ago
the pills here was in the first
Vordox I have a question
00,10give it time CrimsonPhoenix
Lil_B: ill add you :P
but they also have the first map and charaters in the second one too
Some tf2 servers should be this happy.
That Pyro has a break smile.
NENUDJUS ok :)
Mornig.
seriously medic's accent in this would be hilarious
*Morning.
i want to get this game sooo bad, but my computer is crap :P
Hello GreasyEthan
Someone needs to do a Pyro vid since they already have a parody of that out
please let this go on forever!
and this is where the guy got lazy
¨
Lil_B: what is your pic?
00,10some realy good wirk with sfm in this too
This video makes me appreciate the high five taunt 5 times more.
in the land of pinkmina, no one can frown, even when they want to break down and cry
Morning everyone. Morning Sumica
NENUDJUS black and white, with the text under the picture "Like a Boss"
ASoftFluffyThing: sup.
Hello there ASoftFluffyThing
pinkiespice: "Happiness is mandatory, citizen."
Yes Lil_B ?
Derp Face
NENUDJUS from germany :)
hi ASoftFluffyThing
Lil_B: ok :P
Dat anal bead
The Derpy fan's anthem
OH GOD YES
/me hugs Mega_Milk, AdamTheDuck, and thelonepony
<3 THIS SONG
This ONE. <3
BRONYSTATE NEEDS A HERO
hehe
<3
Kinixys: anyone not happy will go thourgh reeducaiton to fix it. :D
THIIIIIIIIS OOOONEEEE. <3
This is one of my fav Rarity song
/me applies for heroship
manatory reeducation
Vordox me and some others were asking if we could play Terraria agin, but nobody can make a server :/
Sumica: I bet you would have played that Smile vid last night if you didn't have to abruptly leave right after the ep right?
00,10I played it before the movies
Oh
Lil_B: Oh! Well, it's a shame but not sure that's a feasible solution
This reminds me of calling to the night.
NENUDJUS and done :)
Well I'm never here before the movies
Just run the Terraria server systme on your computer
Sumica, we didn't get our weekly walk like a jagger video
Lil_B: :P you have phse4 as a friend! o.o
J_E_Smith71: most of the time they play fps games.
00,10yeah I know I had to run out before the market closed, had bills to pay
CrimsonPhoenix: Weekly.. what? O_o
Lil_B: phase4*
Sumica: Well that's all right of course
JunkerKun, each time BMN is over Sumica plays a walk like a jaggger video
Vordox I tried, but my connection isn't good enough, nether is Ghuntlers or Serenitys :( but well, We'll have to try than
Lil_B, does terraria have a dedicated server?
YOU'VE BEEN BANNED.
00,10super was queud up to go after but he was not ready even though he queued up.
I knew you probably had something important to take care of
CrimsonPhoenix: Oh... didn't know that
I thought the song title was Moves Like Jagger.
I absolutely love the strings in the part.
this part*
Phase4 I think so, You have to run extra software to make a server, somebody has to be the Host
Rarity looks best when she busts out the Rari-spex.
00,10you can run a listen server
Braviary, thank you for correcting me
But anyways me not being here at start of BMN is probably going to change soon after Daylight Savings ends. With the sun setting too early I'll be back home from my walk sooner so I'll be here at the start
I was hesitant of my answer
NENUDJUS, yeah, I have steam ^^
00,10but it's not optmised very well for local conections
No trouble, I actually thought I had it wrong when you said that.
YES
00,10heare you go
Ehhh....
Here we go
Invi do I have you added in Steam?
I remember this one
I dunno, lemme see
Thanks doc sumica
Lil_B, there is a dedicated server but it requires windows, i could try run under wine
Man, what if season 3 is nothing but fan service.
that would be horrible
00,10hope not
DocSane, i fear that
Wut.
I fear no man
It'll be all Derpy and Trixie and Lyra wanting hands.
season 3 will most likely be more product advertisement
But season 3 full of fan service.....It scares me...
Phase4 that would be nice, I now we have multiple people here who own this game :)
Well, some of the episodes were written before the brony population reached its high mass, so not all of it would be like that.
Mega_Milk, but that pony... it scares me
Season 4, however...
I've never seen the Lyra of this.
dat... Plot ... I'm confused
Phase4: Ha! this guy knows where i was going.
DAT PLOT
This PMV
I'm Bluie!
oooh
Blue*
Mega_Milk, /)
Dat ad
I'm back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
there's a pinkie part I love so much
So, what B movie will be shown today?
Blue.
Phase4: (\
Blue everywhere.
JunkerKun: Yu-Gi-Oh
JunkerKun: Yu Gi Oh
I wonder how much of season 3 will deal with this Crystal Empire thing.
cross my heart hope tofly
J_E_Smith71: O_o
WELP
JunkerKun: Stay for the chat riffs
DocSane: Insert Sailor Moon reference
Lil_B, NENUDJUS what is ya steamname?
Invi Lil'B
Lil_B: nenudjus :P
......wait a second there
Dark92Enigma: I thought that was Crystal Tokyo.
J_E_Smith71: Oooookay...
OMG! Farming Simulator 2013!!!
Is it true that they will be in Canterlot for the entire season?
DocSane: After taking a look at the Crystal Empire, it kinda looks that way
Dark92Enigma: Where did you "take a look" at the Crystal Empire?
Sparkarez I have no Idea, but would be a nice change
omfg! 30 ins till MLP FiM is on TV
DocSane: with the big crystal in the center and all
Lil_B: But it would be quite strange change, don't you think?
Dark92Enigma: Ah, okay.
JunkerKun:It was actually voted as a joke, guy didn't know it would really win
DocSane: i'll PM you, no spoilers allowed
NENUDJUS: Actually only two
Maybe it's a 13 part miniseries? O.e
Dat pole dancin'
Hey everyone ^^
SWEETIE BELLE DOES WHAT SSHE WANT
Hello Litwick
I enjoyed rabies bun before he started doing nothing but dubstep.
JunkerKun why would it be strange? I mean just for 13 Episodes
hi Litwick
hey Litwick :)
Hai Litwick
SWEETIE BELLE DOES WHAT SHE WANTS
Dat Ponygroove
Sweetie can do whatever she wants.
J_E_Smith71: what do you mean 2 mins?
We're also back to two eps. That thing from the other week where they only showed one ep was just a one time thing
hello
:)
Ohai Sweetie_Belle
Sweetie Belle! <3
Lil_B: I just can't find an excuse to move action in Canterlot
She's one of those girls that people will forgive her, no matter what she does.
Ohai Sweetie_Belle
Lil_B, now I got ya ^^
NENUDJUS: It's starting now
>rap
AGH!
Yeah boi.
Sweetie_Belle: Hey!
FUCKING NOOOO
Today's eps Baby Cakes and Dragonshy
yep I know I got the messege :)
HERE WE GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hub?
ponies!!!
J_E_Smith71: not in canada it starts at 10:30
J_E_Smith71: MY LOTTERY PICK
gooooooooooood Morning Bronystate
It's always Baby Cakes when I get on, for some reason.
Wait, we watch ponies on this site?
oh...this episode
NENUDJUS: Well here it starts now
I think I should head off to sleep
Goodnight everyone~
NIght AdamTheDuck
good night AdamTheDuck
Goodnight AdamTheDuck
that was close....
AdamTheDuck: Gnight
waking up at 4 pm and watching MLP, on my favorite Website what else :D
night AdamTheDuck
AdamTheDuck: night bud!
Haha the fun has been doubled?
aren't there 3 episodes a day?
222 times the fun!
I thought for a second that Flitter would be a hue shift from fluttershy
not my fave episode...
Sparkarez: Just these two on a Saturday
00,10seems legit Mr cake
Dat lame excuse
Of course
OBJECTION!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Very much sense.
xD
OBJECTION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
THAT MEANS! ... miss cake is a ****
No it doesn't. Mrs. Cake is a WHOOOORE!
IF someone is trying to talk to me, talk in PM cause I'm not able to keep up with this
00,10mai boi
Or maybe Ms. Cake had an affair...
by I guess they just experimented with the hues of the main to make up the pegasus twins
Mis.*
You people honestly dont know how genes can work right?
CM PUNK to Mrs. Cake: YOU'RE A WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORE
ASoftFluffyThing: Hes pony is best pony
oh boy
Sumica this is waht all true Warriors strive for!
Litwick: Someone drew up a chart explaining pony genetics.
I had a picture about gene study in MLP
thing is, that assumed that earth pony is the dominant gene
ASoftFluffyThing: Hoe*
OVER-ANALIZATION IS MAGIC
alexxm: see the CM Punk reference above
oh common
xD
horizontal gene transfer by retroviruses
OOoo.. hub comercials.
Mega_Milk, lolol
00,10so will this week be the week we get an offical date
wow, i think i will NEVEr get used to Publicity after the Intro xDDD
yep Dark92Enigma
>Gremlins on the hub
Sumica, no
the sandlot!
DID I HERE
alexxm: HOW are you, by the way?
BATMAN
I'm the goddam Batman.
they will advertise the shit out of october movie
MASK OF THE PHANTASM!!!!!!!!!
hi alexxm
i'm good Dark92Enigma
oh god Skylanders
Skylanders... is on the WiiU
im a giant
boo ya
sup DaringDerpy
Hi alexxm
how are things ASoftFluffyThing
im a giant....boo yeah
lol
Michael jackson is rolling in his grave.
I can't get over Thriller -.-
Here are youir Options, 1st: iM a Giant so fuck you!
/me Rolls around the chat
"Your system doesn't support this video file"...even though I was just watching it with no problem?
00,10no pony costumes? then piss off.
If I want free shipping I'll visit FimFic.com
00,10Sparkarez, it's an advertisment
Toys for Bob is responsible for skylanders. XD
I'm pretty sure they used Thriller for Halloween commercials before his death, Litwick.
i call in mini me...
oh, I new here I don't know anything.
alexxm, I"m fine.
Sparkarez, bend over.
woot on canada treehouse MLP NO ADS!!!
Come on tumblr, stop having maitenance please...
00,10look up adblock+ Sparkarez. it will get red of those
no thanks.
WELCOME WELCOME WELCOME
Way to waste the cake Pinkie
good morning everypony :)
Here I am!
good morning
Morning kirzstryfe.
Morning, kirzstryfe *hugs*
Here's a yam.
good morning kirzstryfe :)
Ohai kirzstryfe c:
00,10heya kirzstryfe
Hey kirz.
mica why hub logo
kirzstryfe: Sup.
Mr Cake's a ninja.
JRP2234: Cause it's a live Hub stream
00,10because live eps
FINE.........yeah sure
Get Maxthon 3, it has adblock+ already instealled
Mr.Cake is so MLG
And so is Ms Cake.\
Anyone else think that the Cakes are cousins to the Pies?
This episode contradicts canon, that's not how babies walked in Newborn Cuties.
DocSane, what makes you say that?
And that Pinkie lives there because she's a relative?
Not unless you think Peachy Pie is a lost pie sister.
Cake is similar to Pie.
Pound Cake should be able to pound things, it's his name
Lies
Cake and Pie are different
...Clever girl DocSane.
^
00,10nah Braviary, just mrs cake was standing in the way of the rainbows
I'm thinking of how the Oranges were aunt and unlce to the Apples.
Pick me!
Nah screw Angel
FORGET ANGEL
Hellbunny
fluttershy...
YO DOG I HERD YOU LIKE REPORTS
J_E_Smith71, and then he takes Pound Cake literally when he's a teenager
Nom.
applejack seems the most important
Gotta "Dash"...
rarity left
(Rimshot)
/me is swarming on this toast
Pinkie just killed a cloudbaby.
LOYALTY............huh?
I'm also thinking that the Cakes excuse a lot of stuff from Pinkie.
lol
Sweetie_Belle: <3
Pinkie, you live with us, you dont have a schedule.
hahah xD
Dark92Enigma why would dash be loyal to a couple she doesn't really know
Rarity I think just flat-out doesn't want to...
Mr Cake has to go really bad
*GASP*...........idk, i'll have to check my schedule
Pinkie, you liar, your middle name is Diane.
i thought it was diane?
Pinkie, are you SURE you aren't clinically retarded?
alexxm: point taken
Ha
I like that
Thats my new catch phrase
Pinakmena Responsibilty Diane Pie
"consider it done" isnt that from red alert 2 :D
yay ponies ^^
DocSane: Maybe that's why the Cakes have to put up with her. Disabilty Act and such
Entire team is babies!
"Well frost it when we get there! TICK TICK!"
;A;
/me Shudders
/me wants to see young justic, but can't
the 2 best things ever, doctor who and my little pony
>care bear rap
00,10come on hub make this a great day and tell us the air date
yo awg i heard you like publicities......
ya boy!
my god...
Litwick: I know people who have more than one middle name
Sumica: November .-.
In my head canon, the Cakes are related to Pinkie, although distantly.
why does my tv have to be down
Flintstone still makes advertising?
FLINSTONES!
wtf
what 0o
amihighagain?
Invi: Was thinking the same thing!
cool
00,10just all of november?
oh ma gerd!
Oh great. Don't forget about the brony thank you ad that will be airing. -_-
Invi, for Fruity Pebblse, yes
hallo everypony o.o
wot
00,10that might be too much pony
mica the actual fuck is that
When is that damn thing playing?
Litwick: like Don Juan Tenorio Geriarte Gonzalez Leon
Oh yes, the brony thank you ad. God dammit.
Have a random head at the end of you're blanket
That moment that you realize that the cereal on TV is the same cereal you're eating...
ASoftFluffyThing, I thougt he lost his advertisings when he did them for cigarettes ^^
Why are we watching all the comercials?
live
Fl00t4hSh41: Live stream, we have to
DAN?!
Fl00t4hSh41, because TV shows ad
Flyboy: No, you furiners have weird plugs.
Invi, what? I didn't know he advertised cigarettes.
00,10dafak
Mega_Milk: so Cuddle Ups is ANIMAL PEOPLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
Sumica: http:/​/​v.gd/​VQfdHy
PILLOW PET!
Plus its fun making fun of the weird ads the Hub does
sorry caps...
Fl00t4hSh41: Cause commercials are kool.
PEEEEEEEEEOPLEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
I'm cool with that. I rarely see comercials so it's interesting to see what they look like now.
Pillow Pets
Why live? Not a new episode
DocSane: furiners?
"the best friend that you'll ever get"
what the actual FUCK?
kinda sad
mica FUCK MY BRAIN HURTS
where's the pinkie pillow pet?
ugg
xDD
DocSane: please explian
Flyboy: Foreigners.
Mush a what?
this.... :|
DocSane: ooh
the hell is this?
ofc
Fl00t4hSh41: Sumi's getting back in the groove of regularly getting up at this time to stream so he'll be ready for the new ones when they start
a 3ds ipan ripoff?
00,10is that supposed to be a web link XAX?
I saw the brony thank you ad at Canterlot Gardens. It's ok but it wasen't worth all that money in my opinion
god i hate this guy's voice
This sounds like a very expensive version of the 3DS version.
WHY NEED A SCREEN?
because every 7< Has a fuckin Ipad or Apple product
HOLY! Mother of Rock! Death Waltz meets Metal... Erock has done it again >.<
this si messed up.
J_E_Smith71: Insidius...
Flyboy: Imagine it said in a thick Texan accent.
LE MINI ME
XDXD
woo!
MINI ME
goddamn
Screw family game night! I want release dates!
DocSane: and i think youll find that i live in england, english people arent excactly foreigners
YESYESYESYES
Sumica: Yeah. Open it and it says "you've used a link shortener blablabla, here is the original link:". Click said original link.
am i evil if i dont wana watch MLP FiM today...?
Come on your Pinkie you can do something more crazier than that
Eh......Stand up >.>
yay...
00,10it wont open at all
NENUDJUS: nah
00,10all I get is a system ping
Pumpkin Cake is from Chewnswallow
BA DUM TSS........!!!!!!
You suck!
p4ngya: good good
Dat bad comidy
Dat rimshot
BA DUM TSS...............!!!!!
though crowd
Fl00t4hSh41 forgot about them, youre right ^^
boooo!
Sumica: .-. Sec, I'll get the non-short link.
tell me about it
DocSane: you bally theives! stop stealing our bally language!
I want my money back!
Now tell the one that doesn't suck!
NENUDJUS: Nah! Anything can be overdosed.
oh god...
OINK OINK OINK
Bonk bonk bonk
CONGRATULATIONS! YOUR PINKIE HAS EVOLVED INTO SPOINK!
my fav song
oinkoinkoink
clop clop clop
OINK OINK OINK OINK
clop clop clop
OINKOINKOINK
clop clop clop
FASTEEER
oink... oink......oink...?
00,10no look at the link xax, you forgot the important bits all you gave was the end code
MADAME LEFLOUR
Sumica, Planetside 2 characters have been wiped again. What empire should we pick now
?
OINK OINK OINK
00,10NC still
Of ccourse thats all kids really want.....blood
Pinkie Albino Pie
Dats like a week worth of flower
thanks you, server is Herse?
poor madame leflour...
00,10yeah
NUMNUMNNUM
nomnomnom
So close...
As Spongebob said in KRABBY LAND: They love to see me suffer
00,10was hopeing to see a warpgate rotation
NOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOM
DerpyMuffins: It's a bakery. They'd go through more than that in a single day
gnah, Herse is offline :/
Sumica: Nah, that was the whole link .-. But http://tx.mail01-hasbro.com/hostedmessage/message.aspx?2185046.1751120.6514499448.5042
Fail..
yeah..or eat the tabla...so legit x)
00,10kinda tired of NC being in the canions
So, foals just eat by mashing their faces in the bowl?
well cya everypony night night (10:16AM)
NENUDJUS: Later.
night NENUDJUS
Um, I think they're implying that pinkie needs to spoon feed them.
bye NENUDJUS
Nite NENUDJUS.
Dat snort
Not eating food ---> Eats Towels
CURTAINS ARE PEOPLE!!!!!!
Genious xD
00,10yes I know november, I want a damn date and an ad for it
If they could have show them pissing on Pinkie I bet they would have
00,10not some thirdparty site saying november
FUCKING BUBBLES
Still impressed they made these two non-annoying.
had to do it
Could have just let the duck suffice...
Hi
nopony got my NC reference
Mega_Milk: Agreed
Wow, those are strong babies if they can send a fucking RAFT flying/
nc?
Wow broke the faucet with a light slap.
That kid is a borderline sumerpan.
Litwick: Poundcake is Bamm-Bamm to Pumpkin Cake's pebbles.
00,10Dark92Enigma, NC as in New Conglomerent a faction from planetside 2
So EVEN PINKIE PIE knows logic
hi CCCP :)
I'd hate to do what pinkies doing with my mouth
Hi thelonepony
Going with the dual diapers. Crafty.
it aint that hard
Dat horse sound
i change my diapers with my mouth all the time
I really wis they'd avpid the bipedal ponies.
Buytoast: How does it taste?
Sumica: no......i know you're SICK AND TIRED of hearing it from me, but it's NC for Nostalgia Critic
TWILY<3
badum tsss
Pinkie, I know you're retarded, so I came to help.
00,10you can reach down there with your mouth Buytoast?
BA DUM TSS!
depends on what i ate earlier
sumica after this i has somthing for you to play to the lovely people
FaceDorred
hey! maybe pinkie pie does have a bit of logi- nope she just lost it.
Sumica: Well there's 4 Saturdays in Nov, so it's either the 3rd, 10th, 17th or the 24th. ...not that that's very helpful information.
squee!
/me BladedWings
Tis a shame Tara Strong didn't come to Canterlot Gardens. But Twilight came in her human form :P
SQUEE
00,10yeah I can deduce that thanks =p
did Ijust hear a growl?
The Squeeing Chicken
whoops XD
Ponies47: IKR?
I think that squee sound-effect is royalty-free.
SQUEE
mica you might like it
Dark92Enigma: Yes :<
Derp
thats better, what up Bronystate
Pinkie is the only pony we ever see really angry-- Oh, wait. Fluttershy. Never mind.
heyo BladedWings
Hey BladedWings
Wait, shouldn't they be wearing diapers?
And Rarity in that Dragon episode.
And try not to soil yourselves!
BladedWings: Sup.
applejack got angry once
pinkie
DocSane, Twilight too
yay
Hexx
DocSane: Twilight in Lesson Zero? (at one point)
:O
Okay, I'm wrong.
DocSane: YOU'RE GOING TO LOVE ME and Putting Your Hoof Down
00,10DocSane, all of ponyville with the tabloide newspaper one
NEVER let me babysit. Because I wil lgo insane and most likely murder your children
Oh yeah and Rarity on Best night ever
alvin still exsists?
DocSane: remember GROAAAAAAN
I think Rariry got angry one time didnt she?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8_ad8b1ziw
Sinc when was Sandlot a Halloween movie?
thats messed up[10:19:59 AM] I_Love_Pinkie_Pie/Lawrence/Insidious: pound cake can fly at age of toddler, but scootaloo cant at age of school kid
I'm mianly thinking of the Pinkie Rage when AJ broke her promise.
lolyoutube
00,10no video links dureing stream please Sparkarez
Sparkarez: No video links......or are they ALLOWED RIGHT NOW?
NOPE
alright! cheesy ads!
I'm pretty certain that Scootaloo is actually disabled.
not during streaming
ok
2spooky4me
hi everypony
Yay I'm going to Six Flags today :>
DocSane: Yep.
Dken2021: Hi. Im snuggle.
Hey I_Luv_Pinkie_Pie
h I_Luv_Pinkie_Pie
allo I_Luv_Pinkie_Pie
SPOOKY YOU SAY?
hi I_Luv_Pinkie_Pie
hilo all ?)
Her character was conceived that way.
Spooky scary skeletons, send shivers down your sine~
hi I_Luv_Pinkie_Pie.
00,10have fun at frightfest Ponies47
hi I_Luv_Pinkie_Pie
Ponies47: What's it about?
hi I_Luv_Pinkie_Pie
ello
I want a moving episode about how Scootaloo comes to terms with how she'll never be a strong flier like RD.
yay i cant make it to ponyconau
so you want fanon pandering
DocSane: .-. That would be slightly depressing.
Sumica: All the stories my father has told me about the guys in the costumes being assholes
alrighty
poor scootaloo cnat fly, but a toddler can :[
why am i not surprised
DocSane: That would be good!
cant*
00,10they are true, becarefull in the labrynths
I guess it's diplomaplease dot com
My headcanon for why Scootaloo cant fly is that she has a disability.
Her wings being too small for her body.
hi
or she is part chicken lol
00,10had a dude throw a potato at me
pinkie is ok as a babysitter, but she needs to learn to accept help. wait a sec.. wasnt that is episode 4? silly pinkie, should've listened.
I'm not saying Scoots can't fly at all, but she'll never be fast or strong.
Scootaloo doesn't know how to fly because SHE KEEPS BEATING HER WINGS AS FAST AS SHE CAN
OH GOD YES
ZUUL MUTHAFU-----HEY
THE BEST PART
Phase4
00,10I put his ass through the prop wall
Litwick, like nemo with that one fin ^^
Suddenly creepy. Best part of this episode.
I really love that creepy vibe scene
Invi: exactly!
its awesome
horror babies
/me Insert Friday 13th sound
oh god...
00,10come play with us pinkie, forever and ever and ever
Sumica: I remeber last year during Fright Fest this girl walked up to one of the trolls on the bridge and started pulling on his costume the guy turned around and yelled "DON'T TOUCH THE COSTUME!" it was priceless! :D
This show is very good at sudden changes in tone.
HEEEEEEEEEEEE'RES PINKIE!
DUN DUN DUUUUN
ZUUL
next up is dragonshy episode
YA HAHAHAHAH
ZUUL MUTHAFU----HEY!
Wait shouldnt the blood have rushed to his head already?
Scoot-Scootaloo would have heart attack if she knew
NO CUTIE MARK FOR PINKIE right there
2nd best part
WHU-
Nom nom nom
DerpyMuffins: He*
BLANK FLANK
I love that face Pinkie Pie makes
00,10poundcake is actaly a flutterpony
Nom nom
omnomnom
Nom
numnum
may the force be wth you...
no no!
Nom nom nom
num
nom nom
no no no
no!
nom
si?
lol
00,10gotta go fast
INCOMING!
That's one strong baby
Sumica: :D
Ponies47, and her wings are almost as big as scoots ^^
E-LE-VA-TION!!!!!!!! Whooooooooooooo!!! Whoooooooooooooooo!!!
ELEVATION!
Invi: IKR?
*his
Oh that's just bullshit!
00,10impresive, i dont think even twi can do that
Invi: His*
notYOUTUBE!
okay, his ^^
pony jail lol
NOT U2?
because Scoots isn't ment to fly
Now youre thinking with portals!
HAX
HAXX
JunkerKun: hey, i maneged to tune the damn thing
I think Twi jst never thought of self-levitation.
sv_cheats 1
wall hacks
Poor Pinkie Pie :<
thinking with portals
mentallyeffedguy: Cool! Was it hard? =)
Pinke don't cry..........whatever you do........DON'T.........!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sumica: She can't otherwise she would have done it when the hydra was chasing her and she neede to get across that gorge.
:(
Dken2021 thanks for adding me on Steam :)
00,10or walking through walls
:'(
I gona go. bye everypony
/me cries as well
http://sliceofponylife.tumblr.com/tagged/archive/chrono the cake twins life a few years later
now pinkie regrets the sugar she fed them
they broke Pinkie
Pinkie has been broken
Bye Invi
:'(
bye Invi :3
Lil_B sure thing!
This will be me when I study for mid-terms.
Pumpkin cake is secretly ghost hand.
Mega_Milk: She could have teleported, too.
:D
JunkerKun: not really, but i didnt manage to tune the lower one, E
Invi: Bye
you have learned well my apprentice...
DocSane: Too far of a distance.
00,10and then she had to bath them again
Mega_Milk: No, she can teleport fairly large distances.
Eat chocolate, You'll walk through walls Sumi :P
Pinkie Maid
DocSane: Really now?
Nitty would love Maid Pinkie
DocSane: How far have you ever seen her warp?
Mega_Milk: Twi has a tendency to not do the obvious thing in a stressful situation.
Wow, way to have faith in your adopted daughter.
Nittany_Discord wasn't here, so i had to pull off a maid joke
your steam is about 5 seconds ahead of my view of HUB on my tv
NOPE
pinkie pie is awesomly carefull
I_Luv_Pinkie_Pie it tends to happen
Pai
Dawwwwww
mentallyeffedguy: it should resonate with 5th string (D, I guess) on 5th... errr... I don;t know how it called in english. Let me check
3.14
Mega_Milk: She teleported across Ponyville in Ticket Master and teleported a long distance in Dragon Quest.
i like pie....
/me nuzzles Pinkie Pie
00,10I_Luv_Pinkie_Pie, satalite?
awwwww :)
DocSane: That was mid town at best -lol
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
woo! more ponies!
i know what youre trying to say JunkerKun
HERE WE GO
It's 3:30am, so i'ma put my iPod down now. G'night gents.
ill try it
I CALL HIM MINI-ME >:)
Mega_Milk: And that gorge was only a few yards across.
i hear the sounds 3 times. first is the stream. second is my living room tv then the bedroom tv
DocSane: And i dont remember her telporting at all in dragonquest
Nite XAX.
Yay the tree!
FLUTTERSHY WOOOOOOOO
hehehe, mini-me, get it? cause austin powers
Back to SEASON 1
she fed them fish!!!
Fluttershy is so adorable
mentallyeffedguy: Oh yeah, it is called frets =)
yay
:)
Mega_Milk: She teleported them practically all the way home when they ran from the dragons.
the friendship fire episode?
FS is the cuteest
DocSane: Oh yeah...
cutest
JunkerKun: i dont know what frets are in norwegian is though
Fluttershy is awesome.
Bouncing Baby Bunnies Burning Brightylr
WITH CHERRY ON TOP
Screw that I'm Angel I'll do whatever I want
I think it's funny when the best music (programming wise) for Gameboy and NES were made by Europeans who that usualöly worked on the C64 ... I just realized that XD
dat cough
BUNNY STAMPEDE RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUN
oh nvm
Sumica: so by the way, you guys gonna stream episode 1 season 3when it airs?
DAT COUGH
00,10but yeah satalite tv tends to be slower due to transmision times compared to cable
00,10ofcorse Flyboy
i have cox cable
Angel Bunny: Abusive Boyfriend
BUCK YEAH
Pro: Because fall is coming less people will most likely be at Six Flags Con: It's gonna be freezing. It will be worth it
00,10how odd then cause so do I, I_Luv_Pinkie_Pie
so i heard its gonna be sometime in november then?
FRAAAAAAAAAAAANCE!!!!!!
DocSane: Does Vegeta count as one?
00,10hmmmmm
meow~
the aquabats... wut...
this menu makes me think of Illico
ha......cox
Dark92Enigma: An abusive BF? I guess.
00,102 hours till aquabats
nah, Vegeta just a self centered brute
SPIDERMAN NEEDS MY HELP!
aquabats YEEEEAH
YES, but we have MOVIE NIGHT..........MY REMATCH
sorry, caps
That puppy unzipped itself revealing a naked cat
Hey Sumica despite not being able to vote them in the lotto till next episode cycle, you'll still do at least one encore stream later in the day for those who missed the first airing (like you did in Season 2)?
BIBIDI BABIDI BUU
OH SHIT SON
NASCAR BASHERS
teaching kids how fun deaths in racing are
00,10now you can recreat the crash that killed ehearnheart
thoes bashers look kinda cool really.
oh god that will only end well
"It's as fun as going in circles kids!"
"But no going right!"
"now you can recreate the deathcrash of you favourtite Race in your living room!"
this is pretty cool
Racer*
my god, that actually looks fun :O
00,10nascar has road tracks too Buytoast
wilson's wild ride
that sounds like an x rated parody of cast away
colgate!
oh hey
derpy
oh yea, in case no one didn't notice, Metro 2033 is $5 right now
gah, im awake
Bon bon with Golden Harvest
BUY IT!
Hey Lyra`
inb4 lyra human
metro 2033 is amazing <3
00,10see dash is not gay, she is pro at taking balls to the face.
by the way, anypony here got OpenTTD?
Sumica: :D
sumica, im going to have to kick you for that comment, its innapropriate for this chat.
:(
Sumica: Ba dum psh
Sumica well... depends of how many ball she has :/
:P
Lyra`how is it? I just bought it just because it was 75% off
:'(
They said rainbow dash will get a boyfriend in season 3
YES TWILY <3
balls*
its GOOD!
i wub wub wub metro 2033
mind you its story driven shooter
Bye Drphantom
DUN DUN DUUUUUUUUN
giving birth to spike
Bye Drphantom
Dragons lay eggs
Scootaloo has no backstory and no family.which I think...Sucks.They really ought to make an episode about her life.
Drphantom: I thought Lauren didn't want them having romance...then again she's not around anymore
superDERP: Male dragon*
THey dont give birth
Lyra`I don;t mind, in fact, I might like the story
That Dash salute
anyone else feel offended by smoke?
I really hope in season 3 we see her fam or see her get adopted
They clearly do give birth.
Lyra`: Eenope
doesnt that dragon know that there is no smoking in this country?
00,10smoke no, smokers yes
how do they know if its a guy or not?
Oh yeah
i smoke a pipe
I_Luv_Pinkie_Pie Lauren already had plans for a scoot episode, but it hasn't been done yet
It's probably because they're getting mad because everybody is calling her...you knw..gay.
THEY'RE THE......
hate those bloody smokers
A TEAM
but thats just to make the rings :3
This montage
P-TEAM
buck yeah..
I like this get ready sscene
:D
go go power ponies
00,10Team DESU
ahah
My mother's boyfriend use to smoke like CRAZY. But then he quit.
oh Rarity
Ponies47: so WAS my dad
extremly photogetic rarity
:(
so they have football in equestria?
NO SUIT
soooooooo cute :)
Rarity must always have an enormous hat.
magical scarf activate
00,10see i want hub to give an air date so i can start planing our marathon
I know right Sweetie_Belle ?
Fun Fact: The higher you go the less oxygen
why is her hat gone now?
Sumica: which one of them?
use the elevator
:'( is wearing a football helmut
00,10all them
in ONE SINGLE DAY
Sumica: They will tell us one day before it happens :P
ALL the Episodes!
THEY CALL ME THUMPER
^
hnng
Fluttershy is about to pull a DOH
D'OH
Random lyra is random
no the will release the date for premere a day before the season 3 finale
lawl
"you can count on me!" -Tails
how are ya?
LYRA
they kidnap fluttershy ;A;
LET'S GO!!!!!!!
Are you awake Adjeca
lyra!
yep hi
im sorry, but your fluttershy is in another castel
The BGM reminded me of ULTIMATE MUSCLE
yes... Carebare RAP !
Is that green thing supposed to be Beastly?
http://tinyurl.com/cofv5ls
Bear*
lmao i thought that pony sitting on the bench was part of epi for a second
what's up bronystate?
hi Eli
Hi Eli !
hiya eli
Nothing much Eli
..
hi Eli :)
allo Eli
oh god.
Whats up Eli :)
cuddle up its?
this..
is..
just..
hi Eli, we have the same name 6_9
00,10it's a it's a what the fuckit
cuddle cuddle UP ITS!
hi me....
Hello people of bronystate
hey Lil_B ! i'm back from berlin as you see. no blindbags found :(
a puppet blanket? genius!
Purple monkey is best upit
Hey Tailsy
lali-ho Tailsy
goddamn all of those things look more stoned than a heathen in biblical times
Hi Tailsy.
my ponies.
why do I love SID + accustic Guitar -.-
Why 64? :p
hi Tailsy
THAT PROMO
because 64 is a full strack
*stack
xD
floam!
Floam......
00,10floam your dog
Eli thats a shame :(b where have you looked? everything I suggested?
so glittery playdough?
00,10TITS!
Wonder what happens if you have more than 64 pieces
Sumica floam... Ponies?
Floam your throat and help the world kiddos
dolly parton...
I want to make a pony out of flaom 6_9
The heck is up with Dolly's hair?
wat.
Severeville
what
Dat CGI BVutterfly
Lil_B: i went through four karstadt and all galerias i found... nothing but filly
Dolly, how old are you?
Your head probably explodes from the fruity overload
so this is where applejack comes from?
Eli that sucks -.-
smokey mountain fun?
When is Luna going to wake up?
/me hugs Eli
how many times have we seen that ad
i wish i had the hub....
00,10gonna need a banjo and a pig Buytoast
Come to Apalachia, marvel at our poverty.
those are probably down tehre too
stupid real player ad
no bids yet on that jacket :P
Buytoast: Dollywood is pretty damn fun
Well it is Tim Allen
alexxm I think they're telling us to watch it cause of it's low views
00,10I_Luv_Pinkie_Pie, get adblock+
lol
Lil_B: well, there were some mlp toys, but neither do i like the hairy versions that much nor do i think that is really fim...
Tired. Bread tiem. Gnacht all. Thanks for the pone pone Sumi.
But the seller never replied back, I was trying to find out in inches how large it was :/
00,10it will remove the popup ad's
ad block for your tv! that would be the best thing ever...
Rainbow Dash the element of Loyalty is being very unloyal this episode
I love adblock+ <3
Lil_B: the cadence didn't look too bad though. i almost bought it
ROAAAAAAAAAAAAR
ahh
I'm not real sure what id do with it if it didnt fit lol
i made a MLP vid using the dolly parton song "Applejack"
00,10superDERP, it's called the hoppa
Some of the MLP look just terrible
oh Pinkie
are the hub having a mareathon or something? i swear they don't usually have ponies on at this time on the hub anymore
LAWL
00,10but you have to watch things recorded
BA DUM TSS
what does adblock+ do thats so much better then adblock?
Tailsy: They have them on this time every week
00,10Tailsy, times zones are magnets
howdy everypony
ah.
how are y'all :)
superDERP: It adblock... but it has a +
lali-ho PeachStreak
Hey PeachStreak
goat
hi PeachStreak
PeachStreak: Sup.
hey wake up princess luna she sleeping on the job again
how are things PeachStreak
I love the idea of a pegasus that's scared of heights.
omg!
i just thought that ponies were only on the hub at 6pm gmt
00,10but it's day time she needs to sleep after being up all night
we dont even know if thats canon
great i am eating something that my friend taught me to make
PINKIE SONG
Tailsy: Today it's 10-11 AM EST
a good way to never fight luna. attack during the day
2 inches= wide
00,10they did recently move ponies to 7am PST rather then 9am PST
/me Hop, skips, and jumps
THE TIME IS A 11:45
oh so they put it back again...
move your little rump
HOP SKIP AND JUMP
damn it twilight
Correction: Some of the MLP *toys* look just terrible. Is what I meant to say
Dam it TWi
That THE MOST adorable Fluttershy moment
Lil_B: do you have steam and TF2?
You just had to say it
TF2 is awesome :3
Twi.....it's ok, i forgive you
Eli you are the 4th person I would add today XD
peep
AVALANCHE!!!
Abba-lanche
ABBALANCHe
clop clop clop
fuuuu...
Lil_B: i just asked because i'm getting nuked by someone called lil_G :)
they ded
ABBALANCHE
Twilight, cast defense field.
nom nom nom :O
Lil_B: but sure, add me. EliSka would be that
Dat 3D effect
Eli nope, my name is currently Lil'B there and I haven't played in a month
nom that scarf
magic scarf activate
Lil_B: O:
00,10nice Ponies47
hores shoes?!
fashion emergency
00,10I have not played much tf2 sence Planetside2
*horse
lol
rainbow dash is not amused
RD is sick of your bulshiz
Sumica: Only thing I don't like about it. When you just have it ready to shoot it uses ammo. -_-
wat
OMG rapping bears
what the what?!
00,10yeah
Planetside 2 can be awesome
thats a little odd, kinda coo, but odd
also infuriating
lah de dah
Sickly-sweet treachly kid's TV? Yep, it's Care Bears, all right.
dee-sign
why do the bears sing
pillow pets!
00,10kida glad the crazy cer point gain is gone from beta
sexy commercial...
this commercial gave me cancer
pillowpet!!!;)
spent too much time with :O i guess
i want a pinkie willow pet...
x
00,10but they realy need to change the earn rates of unubtainaum
xD
shit they skinned tigger
they should make pillow pets commercial into a dubstep
okay, this would be kinda cool, if they were ponies
whaat...
And my dog just bonked his head on my door :<
bloodthirsty little monsters
gak.......
wut..
i would get a derpy pillow pet!
these commercials only make me hate kids more
definately
the hell is gak
yup
id get a pinkie pillow pet
the resources need som serious rebalancing
That would be dangerously close to a pony hug pillow.
fruitastic
superDERP: What about a Lyra plushie? =D
00,10I want build a bear to get ponies
YES! I MEAN NOOO!
HERE WE GO AGAIN!
oh Pinkie
I go now. Later guys
JunkerKun: with fingers!
splat splat
ruined the apples
Later Ponies47
Ponies47: bye
Hey there everypony
has new apples
Ponies47: see ya bro
YES YES YES
Sumica: Agreed.
oh no not the apples. apples are the deadliest weapon ever
superDERP: And a hole. In... ugh... let's not talk about it...
dat stubborn fluttershy
. . .
Dat pinkie hip check
im scared of dragons : dragon lets one rip
im scared of dra....
what
im scared of drago.....
dat zoom out
/me Fluttershy: Yes, because he not a huge, gigantic, terrifying, enormous, teeth-gnashing, sharp-scale having, horn-wearing, smoke-snoring, could eat a pony in one bite, totally all grown-up dragon!
Had to pull it off
Dark92Enigma: lol nice /)
man ... everytime someone trails off while saying a word so nobody can understands it I hva eto think about JonTron, I eman Idon't evnm knowwhatImtalkingabout...
^ not show correct
you know
I still have to question
Rainbow Dash = Silver Surfer
All of us with any sense is afraid of that dragon.
flutterere shy
epic pnkie coming up
00,10you had one job fluttershy
pinkie*
why exactly does Celstia have guards if not to take care of problems like this?
Ryunosuke, Guards are for invasion
dat morning breath
Nothing beats that mid sleep scratch
Ryunosuke: Because Twilight is clearly being groomed for rule.
b/c trollesta
a sleeping dragon would be considered an invasion :)
are there any adventure like episode like this in season 2?
she coughed and sounded like rarity
bite her head off!
ill take a chance on it
yes crimson
DocSane: I kinda doubt that theory.
dat buffer
FLUTTERSHY IS BACK IN <--------
could always sell it later on for a bunch of money :P
DocSane: Twilight inst celestias only student.
I_Luv_Pinkie_Pie, would you mind reminding me which ones?
PeachStreak: oh and btw /)
i
ok hold on crimson
Mega_Milk: I think Twilight is her only personal protege.
/me cues Chubby Checker - "It's Ponytime"
(\ a bit late no prob :$
I saw Fluttershy in the previous scene
rarity is best pony
when Twily came out of the cave
lol :D
oh pinkie... <3
xD
Oh wait Last roundup is kinda one
pinkie pie : my life in one scene
pinkieeee
DocSane: Only one that gets screen time anyways. All of her other personal students chose to stay in canterlot.
Rarity wants "His Jewels" ... I just want the Gold
DaringDerpy: Agreed.
what did applejack do?
:)
PeachStreak: Had to point one animatio flaw
animation*
Strike
strike!
AJ is there as the muscle.
you know
FLUTTERSHY IS BACK IN
STRIKE
ok
HERE WE GO
TWICE
BAD ASS FLUTTERSHY TIME
The rock doesn't count
HOW DARE YOU
lazy applejack is lazy
HOW DARE YOU?
get him flutters!
:D
HOW DARE YOU
His eyeball is bigger than her entire body.....
fluttershy learned a th'umm
3 years of repressed anger right in his face
Call Danyrus Targarian!
Punctuated for Emphasis
LAWL
/me just like my quiet friend we all call Fluttershy
I feel like taking a nap all of a sudedn
:[ DO YOU KNOW WHAT A BUNNY FIRE IS??!!
Fluttershy has the power of Intimidating Mom.
he is quiet but he can snap like a raging bull
even the heart is a muscle
bite her head off!
DocSane: or Mama Bear
he left his gems?
The Dragon isn't bad, they drawn him this way
Angel Faceplant
00,10he used his dragon fire to mail the gems to his new house
hm where else have i seen a spike and an angel not getting on
Take the letter M
they let first term magic students experiment with live dragon eggs
Damn it someone password protected my old screename from the start of this year
FLASHBACK
the dragon has a reason to be afraid of these monsters
what are we watching for Euro movie night?
lol
oh pinkie
goat
Dat RD
coolio
DaringDerpy: again?
Fluttergoat
and some card game commercial
anyways, i gotta go to work now, later Ponies
assume the dead goat position.
yes
L to the AWL
bye paladin
PeachStreak: It's the encore day of course
woo!
PaladinDrakkenw see yaolf:
PeachStreak: friday and saturday program is always the same
ok i get it
bye Pal- gone
thanks DaringDerpy
:)
OMG its done?
then luna!
ponies <3
Oh my
always with this thing\
<3
It's done???
Oh!
nope
do you all like ponies?
i like ponies :3
Oh wait
let's watch friendship is witchcraft...the dragon episode
just a animated trailer
It's a trailer to it
Are you BSing me? Its done?
Yes it's over.......
ZOMG CANT WAIT
dat Witchcraft lol
-lol witchcraft
LAWL
i killed him...
Buffer, stand back!
i killed him :3
lol
lol!
i can't see a thing now
bye
NOW IT'S BACK
fortenheight ha
bye drphantom
yay~
she's inhebriated
Ha
lol!
SO TRUE
STILL WATERING THOSE FLOWERS
Bon Bon is doing her part
:O
it's not important how far you can slide, as long as it looks cool
Fluttershy showing off how far she can slide :D
hehe yep
DEAD WEIGHT
Anyway, I have to pop off. Later, all.
DocSane: later
bye docsane
pinkie ate a elephant
Later DocSane
Cause giant hats are kool
/me so un-rainbow
the whole studio laughed about this design
00,10and then marketing sliped up and made a toy look liek that
they puke and multiply
wait
did I just hear a friday reference
WE'RE BEING TAKEN OVER
/me fuuuu
beeep
Them bloodshoot eyes
book fort
Or the Mexicans
00,10and pinkie was the normal one
Sumica: eeyup
raiinboow
-lol
da
00,10reminds me of the bug with desktop ponies
dat well timed yay
Sumica: eeyup
00,10if you left AJ and parasprites active at the same time
Fndbcdg
00,10you would crash your system eventaly
eventually...
Sumica: im going to try that lol
00,10they fixed it
Sumica: sad face
THAT PEACH SLIDE MUSIC
00,10but thea apples AJ droped the parasprites would eat and multiply
raynebow
Suddenly kinda wanna play SM64....
lol
Mega_Milk: ME too
dat foreshadowing
ok, new Deadly Premonition Episodes for Video Games Awesome, I'm afk xD
/me one does not simply line dance with a rattlesnake
00,10airraid!
Spoiler alert Sumica is a gypsy
dat RUNNING GAG
00,10you know my secret, i have to end you now.
Cause all pastry chefs are gypsys.
eye candy
which is even more hilarious when you realize Sumicas a baker too
Rainbow Dash with goggles
delicious eye candy
-lol
RUNNING GAG
00,10best version of friday comeing up
:D
Sumica: i'm ready
Best version of Friday ever!
SECRET BUTT FUN
and I notice a foreshadowing on that friday joke
Ggggggg
FRIIDAYYY
wow
FOR ME.......IT WAS TUESDAY, TUESDAY
can i pet your adams apple princess?
00,10even celestia is dumbfounded
dat transgender celestia
molestopia
00,10so much tribble
The enemies will die........YESH! The enemies will die YESH! DIE DIE DIE
dat tribble?
to not ignore gypsy pinkie pie
wow is celestia a "queen"
badum tssh
dead ponies
LAWL
as a rainbow
00,10hai Shammy
hai Sumica
the sleepover episode is awesome too
FiW MARATHON
Strange how a world with magic shuns witchcraft
Cloud
DERPY
Stick =D
BIG OL' STICK
oh...this one
atick
Magical stick
guards mistakes
eeyup]
dem windows errors
ha
lo0al
dat striper crack
the war
I'm so tired :(
then rest, CCCP?
CCCP: Then as the russian would say
why don't you sleep abit CCCP
CCCP: Sleep
won it :)
CCCP: u no nees sleep
winmdows errors
00,10not errors, Pm's
get coffoe CCCP
who ever is streaming this is awesome
Hope it fits...
d3rb: mica
Bu I can't my mom is forcing me to stay up
dat oh mai
mica is best streamer
00,10the storm blew some bolt cuteres on to my phone line
Twi wrote a fanfic?
Seems legit\
Twi is still looking cute
oh dear...
Juicy...
I HAVE TO WRITE A FANFIC sooner or later
:O
or else.....
cool, should get it in a couple of weeks
Jmo, goaticorn
Insurence fraud
Apple sack....
MOMMA'S COMING
/me gives Jmo a goaticorn pet
nop
/me slaps Vivix around a bit with a large trout
Chocolate table =D
;__; fine, then I'll have two goaticorns
Dat table cloth
You can keep them
Ya' just eat it!
mmm floor dandwich
5 hours
Hi. What's this?
sandwich :P
heading out for now, bbl
floor snviches
*sanviches
I wonder why they're called sandwiches
The sleep song
sand witch
Vivix: lord sandwich invented them
sleep song <3
Wow
Vivix: because the great sand witches conjured up the most poweful meal ever
"mid 18th century: named after the 4th Earl of Sandwich (171"
Its so perfectly made.....I would almost not want to touch it...
Ooh, nice
Rarity can move that fast in bed?
Thanks DaringDerpy
lol
i'm getting into beeed
dat bed seizure
DerpyMuffins: Thats what I hear from big mac
biscuits and gravy!
i like how sweetie bell is a robot
Mega_Milk: I knew someone was going to make such a joke
hay everypony ^^
J_E_Smith71: :P
Invi: Sup.
why is sweetie bell a robot?
hi Invi :3
I was thinking of making one too actually
idk
That tree is going to fall on dat giant purple mushroom!
ouch
Dken2021: Why not? XD
oh hay, FiW ^^
fluttershy's what religion?
i was opening a can of soda
PeachStreak: Cult
Mega_Milk: oki doki loki
fluttershy is a cult leader for smooz
Spike is so useless
man up spike!
What is euro movie?
I'm new
hahahaha
19:00 utc today
And Yu-Gi-Oh
when does streaming end
yu gi oh rocks
I_Luv_Pinkie_Pie: Varies.
DAFUQ
drphantom: its an encore from friday night
I COME BACK TO THIS?!?!
allo there drphantom, it's for the europeans who couldn't stay up yesterday because time zones
oh please let it be a oneshot
-lol
hehe
lol that ending.
70 chapters?
what
Bunny fire
what's 70 chapters?
dat drug in your system
bunny...fire...??
oh, nvm
LIKE FIRE HELLFIRE
HA
...welp
Please do Fluttershy
hahah lol that fire
Hi Meanwhile
like a mofo
Hello everyone.
Meanwhile: Sup.
hello Meanwhile
hi Meanwhile
look how high i can jump?
waffle
DUN DUN DUN DUN
love FiW
everyone hates spike
lol, montage
we should wqtch nay soulnsister
ok see you guys in a couple of hours
J_E_Smith71: insert rainbow dash's dun dun dunnnnn
Morning Meanwhile
poor Spike :<
hey Meanwhile
hi Meanwhile
As the element of h-LOYALTY
Applejack no like Spike?
Nobody likes Spike
FIW Logic
I don't like Spike, sorry Spike
I bet spike doesn't like himself
TEAM D.E.S.U.
Element of Fabulously
nopony likes spike what the faq
FIW =/= FIM Logic
loving the bgm here
D.E.S.U should be the name of a club or clan
Invisibilty scarf
Eh, never saw the appeal to FiW.
lolz the map
Bye everyone
seeya CCCP
bye CCCP
CCCP: Later.
bye CCCP
laters CCCP
ByeBye CCCP
bye CCCP
Well it is a tall thing
Meanwhile guess it's just not our humour, eh?
CCCP: see ya
Mm. I mean, there's nothing inherently wrong with it it's just very funny.
Well it is a steep thing
just not very funny*
When is Luna going to wake up?
drphantom, not sure
-lol
dead
WHAT!
ded. series over
Abba-lanche
ABBALANCHE
bye CCCP (hugs you)
Yeah, I do like that one song though- but that's more because of Rina's voice, because I don't think it sounds like Pinkie
time to be 80's
dafuq
lol
ABBALANCHE <3
S.O.S.
lol
XD
and again. WHAT!
abbalach
RD sounds like a Pokemon
Dat Ann-Frid <3
Vivix, what song?
making sure our hats match our hats
hatd matching hats TF2 refernce?
CrimsonPhoenix, ppphh..Gypsy Bard
dat backstory
Rina didn't sing Gypsy bard
....
Then I have no idea who did
now she get praise for things she hasn't done?
best part of the series
Just what I heard, I've never heard her if she didn't sing that song
zoooom ouuuuut
this opart :D
-_-
she is part dragon and part wolf?
:O
Cripe that is dark.
anyway, whoever sings that songs has a great voice
....wat
i dont even what is this
:P
Dat long explanation
why is everthing lagging and buffering like hell?
Sylandest: Friendship is Witchcraft
PeachStreak: not here
PeachStreak: Delete your cache
PeachStreak: It's your connection probably
I'm having no problems
J_E_Smith71: I know the show, but that explanation from Fluttershy...dafaqness XD
this is friendship is witchcraft
Mega_Milk: how
PeachStreak: What is your browser?
Chrome
:D
magical fluttershy contact lenses
damn, it'd be kickass to have a dragon dad, no? :P
PeachStreak: Then I have no idea. I prefer fire fox.
damn you GOOOGLE
PAINBOW
ha
"As always"
Pain bow
painbow XD
hello everypony
00,10hi SirGanjalf
SirGanjalf: Sup.
Hello SirGanjalf
hi SirGanjalf
Do you know what a bunny fire is
dat nod
oh dear...
Like FIRE
Hellfire!!
Hell FIRE!
Dat hunch back of notre dom
There was hellfire XD
And then Fluttershy was Frollo
and then Fluttershy got scary
fixed it
Nothing could get more epic than that fluttershy stare.
fluttershy singing hellfire. :D
is this um, is this uh... what is this? o.o
awesome
HELLO EVERYPONY
lmao
Kurra: Friendship is Witchcraft
Saigneur: Sup.
yeah that
Hello.
WITCHCRAFT
hi Saigneur
hey Saigneur
YEAH
Saigneur: sup
more pony :)
how are things Saigneur
hi Saigneur
yay
more WIF yay
<3
Phallic symbol
let's learn about robots!
favorite one
WAT
i saw this the first time and I don't get out of the laughter :D
fine alexxm , what about you ? ^^
phallic symbol? D:
i'm good
/me Is a robot
lol.
ROBOTS.
how do you even come up with this? :D
xD
dat blue/yellow sweetiebelle
/me is a robot
Kurra: what phallic symbol?
just like sweetie belle
/me has gone on several excestetial rages
i don't ever want to know. ;.;
/me has died
you
lol
/me is now AFK
PSSSSSSSSSST
lol
No fancy mathematics allowed
Poor applebloom
.
that's HORRIBLE. :'(
thats epic
those voices :D
http://denver.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw7901-262327_120677534746336_169129169_n.jpg
dat plot
love that joke
we all know her cutie mark is going to be a screwdriver and hammer crossed behind an apple
what a fantastic pun :D
Who makes these kinds of things? D:
what sad is there was some school where they taught reglious stuff, and forbid actual math and scince
lol mark mitzvan?
mitzvah
or at least advance math
-lol
Who makes these kinds of things? D: um.... hee
that'd be hilarious
:'(
dat count in
They sound like the guys from Bio-Dome
stupid heads my next door neighbor wont stop saying that damn phrase
drphantom, lol
anyone else notice me talking to that white pegasus colt?
<3
ha
inb4 Buy some apples!
lol beyblade
>.>
:o
BUY SOME APPLES
Beyblade what x.x
its not what it looks like
I DIDN'T PUT THOSE IN MY BAAG
haha
byaaag
xD
-lol
the original voice actor of bonbon !
o.o;....
BUY SOME APPLES
lmao
Hello ScootaChicken
O_O;;;
best censor ever
Giant candy swords.....sure
what a great plot Twist
00,10plot twist
BAH SOME APPLES
pwahahaha
What an interesting Plot...twist
poor thing
Kurra, wats wrong?
hi ScootaChicken
Dat nearsightedness
she needs glasse
i think it's kurra first FiW !!!!
Why are people saying hello to me
*glasses
xD
Fuck off people
blind xD
hi
dash dash dash dash
ScootaChicken: Still got that mp3
ScootaChicken: hello
hi ScootaChicken :3
hello ScootaChicken :P
:D
rainbow dash is now a pokemon
That rainbow dash quote is the best thign ever
bluh.
Here I was thinking this was a legit episode on the hub
so true CrimsonPhoenix
Dashing with rainbows and rainbow with dash and dash dash rainbow dash that ever did dash
Then the sound helped clear that up
haha we both have Astigmatism
me too
Good morning, everyone! How are you all today? :)
What's astigmatism?
FiW is the best DUB ever
Hai AJIsAwesome
i wear glasses
hey AJIsAwesome
ASoftFluffyThing: Sight issue
hi AJIsAwesome
Sup AJIsAwesome
Mega_Milk, basically being nearsighted?
OH GOD BEST SONG NOW
We're doing a FiW marathon looks like
ASoftFluffyThing: Eeyup.
What's going on with the chat?
squee :)
dis song
ASoftFluffyThing: to where both eyes are impaired with front and near sideness you are half blind
Dat son
ASoftFluffyThing: Or atleast that's what I graasp anyways. I dont have it -lol
these songs are so good
PeachStreak, ohhh
This song
i have astigmatism
And then the Russian Jazz cover was born
memories
best song of the entire series
i need contacts soon :|
hory sheet
/me hugs ASoftFluffyThing Saigneur BladedWings|HW and J_E_Smith71 :)
<ASoftFluffyThing> Also called a·stig·mi·a  [uh-stig-mee-uh] Show IPA. Ophthalmology . a refractive error of the eye in which parallel rays of light from an external source do not converge on a single focal point on the retina. 2. Optics . an aberration of a lens or other optical system in which the image of a point is spread out along the axis of the system.
PINKIE WHAT HAVE YOU DONE!
lmao
huh that was werid
XD
I don't speak Applenees
/me hug AJIsAwesome back
-lol
lmaoo discord fanfic
Bring back the pretty lady
I'm Back Baby! ^_^ Pony Raid is done - I have EVERYTHING available on the shelf right now - now its back to searching for old stuff
Code lyoko?
...
Code Lyoko FTW
Cypresswolf: Nice! :)
But WAIT! There's More! I found Hobbit Figures!
Her talent is some random brony
Seriously
Thats it
dat Xana mark
2nd time ruins the joke
Now she's been possesed by XANA
omg code lyoko
This episode is the #1 in my book
what book?
ehhhh....
BUY SOME APPLES
THE BOOK
smash mouth
it introduced so many awesome stuff
I got Bilbo & Gandalf for now - Next week HOBBIT RAID!
fuuu i just cut myself grabbing my soda can
lol that cake's face
inb4 scoot-tar and swettie bass
ALSO
Wait! Scratch that - Ren Fest next weekend...After Oni Con
inb4 Cutie Mark Aquisition Program
take that spike
im covered in blood that .MOV reference
And now enters the best character of the series
Sweetie bot is best bot <3
sweetie-bot <3
Sweetie Bot ftw
They are ROBUTS!
Sweeeetie boot
<3 sweetie bot
<
she is the only character with any depth
DAT SWEETIE BOT <3
sweetie bot
YAY
:S
Sweetie-Bot listen to Alex S. Ultimate sweetie belle
haha
APPLES!
Twilight the Freeloader
spike
I justh fallow da crowd!
INPUT NAME SWEETIE BELLE
scoot-tar and swettie bass
No.
Inb4 Cute moment
best part
<3
a what? O.O
^_^ Musical Blinks
dat stare
inb4 Cutie Mark Aquisition Program
yes, we do like ice cream!
/me hug AJIsAwesome back homo said it all the time
that blinking
LOVE IT
I wonder if i make a video how to get my voice to sound like Sweetie Bots
Friendship Explosion! =D
That was the person who did the music trying to practice syncing
oooh we could form a club !
It was left in by mistake.
Cutie Mark....
Cutie Mark aquisition Program
Aquisition Progream
CUTIE MARK ACQUISITION PROGRAM
Cutie Mark Aquistion Program, the dun begins immediatly
awwww
cant spell
uugghhhhh
cutie mark acquisition program!
*sigh*
best episode by far
but she still reads them
yeah
aww i missed freindshp is witchcraft
moar
/me beats his eyes towards Sumica. "Haaaniaaaa"
Back to the Hub?
THRILLER
I thought we were going to see all of them
ASoftFluffyThing - Aquabats time
this isnt fiw....
they'll never match up to original MJ dancers
inb4 shipping jokes
9.99!?
Oh yeah Aquabats
yeah, stream thriller :)
evil baby
I can't wait to hear again : "we're back to my little pony , friendship is magic, only on the HUB !"
demon baby
did I mention costumes?
EVIL BABY
i wanna see
/me doesn't have The Hub
Oh, that babie.
no. 1 princess?
LIES!
That ugly new Cinderlla redesign
Luna is #1 princess
That is true.
then what do the other disney princesses are
ASoftFluffyThing: neither do I :|
no. 10324632984632964832965452564725674382567840657482370564657465782647643538724654568732645876475643785648765874656465876348756843658746358746857643875687465
We don't have the hub, and we can't even buy MLP in the UK yet
/me cant spell
I might import the s1 dvd
Disney's stance is that girls don't care about princesses any more, then they release princess movies from their vault.
WHAT!?! Gak is BACK?
LOGIC
those scare me
Cinderella is not best My Little Human princess
I have Hub but I never get to see MLP
Why did Gak leave in the first place? :(
the moment your slippers get a personality is the moment you should seek professional help
drphantom: school to early they should play it later in the day
:D
Ooh, Grimlins
unless your slippers turn out to be antisocial, then the fun begins :P
...
YES?
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
^ XD
6_9 eh?
the heck is this?
hell yeah
/me combust
...........:S
Its time for a cartoon!
what is this, i dont even...
DracheEngel: something good
umm
Oh, nvm. It's the Aquabats. :D
im scared
They change the intro song?
I don't remember it being like that
DracheEngel: whoops,wrog ping
Barbetos - don't think so...
http://fav.me/d5h1mrt
i'm back, what did i miss?
Roll Fizzlebeef
MirrorImage Oh I see what I did. Its the same
Ok this is amazing
Somewhere at a local city dump Plankton is in the wrong show!
Throw a rock at it
dang it, don't tell me I'm missing some aquabats?
Oh... Getting slapped by taht thing would be degrading and disgusting.
just started
Dken2021, you are if you're not watching
its like power rangers :D
Just the intro.
He should'v bought a mushroom.
Fisty cuffs style!
*should've
Let's settle this with a card game! :p
You can take a shower you leetle girl
It sound cool to hear Timmy Turner's voice talking about MLP characters
wait... who is that guy?
Wirisme, it's time to d-d-d-d-d-d-d-duel!
00,10he came
Whoa!
lol
Sumi Yep
It's too late to bring this up since I was searching for the image when that Cinderella ad showed up, but they redesigned some of the Disney Princesses: http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v602/guinevere260/c3c39981.jpg
of course, they are weak to hand sanitizer :D
tho is the guy with the gel? i dont remmber him
No Group Victory Hug?
...have i missed something?
J_E_Smith71 whoa, hold up, when did rapunzel become a princess?
00,10He is Ricky Fitness
Hello guys :$ I'm baaaack
Sumica: he new?
00,10no
Dken2021: Tangled.
what an adventure!
hi MadSurge
when hobos are disgusted by you you know you stink
ewww
oh yea, that movie happened
..........:S
Hot.
This is just creepy
Barbetos: agreed :D
HWY DONT I REMMEBR HIM???
creedence?
i think i broke
Oh I remember being a kid.
this is a thing?
lol
Bath are EVIL - The TV says so
Wirisme yes... it is...
Dark_Horst: he's the least memorable of the Aquabats
well that was a short break
Still hot.
dat slide whistle
Wirisme: don't you love fake ads? :D
Candy?
Oh yes :)
Her lipstick is smeared.
BGM <3
They don't have extra uniforms?
ASoftFluffyThing: she would be too clean otherwise
How do I go on in life if I can't tell when an ad's real or fake? :(
Faabulous~
MadSurge, I see nothing wrong with that.
elegant robes :O
lol
This is so wrong
schmell
:S
that'S not how you spell it
Ew
Yeah! The luck! The crust holds it together!
Gah!
Block in?
yay donuts!
ASoftFluffyThing: to be honest, I hate neat freaks :P
DAFUQ........\
dat laugh
Huboom?
Alright.
Huboom :D
Fredview?
YAAAAAY
plasma grenads are fun
EVIL WILDLIIIIFE
the hell am i watching
00,10damn nature
Bear is not hungry.
at least it's not a lion
Its horny.
They just want a hug
^
they're a bit too grizzly to be teddy bears Cypresswolf
:3 Tomy! I loved their toys as a kid
But they're so fuzzy
No. Just go back inside and play minecraft like a family.
OK...
Wait, they're selling costumes? O_o
JunkerKun, yeah
Nope
I've never seen anything like this here!
They sell parties.
:O BITCH
Speaking of Party City.....I need to see what costumes they have. I like about 5 minutes from one
seeems legit
00,10so there is diplomaplease.com and schoolplease.com
schoolplease . com sounds like an acredited website
00,10is there a bitchplease.com?
You should DO IT without question.
school pls
:D Key word being MAYBE for free
Sumica: Fund it.
they said it three times, it must be important
Are these sites patronised by Dolan? "School please"
no, that's skol pls
So yeah, totally going to put my education down as "bitchplease.com" on my resume.
That disguise
DON'T EAT THE DONUTS
Barbetos: i know somepony who did that they still excepted him
lol
Now THATS a deal! ^_^
/me has never eaten donuts
Dat fail deal
DaringDerpy: :O
OMNOMNOM
nice willpower
eating donut song!
donut song
suddenly song
happens
Edit the donut song
AJIsAwesome: don't even know who sells this stuff here
Getting a bunch of diabetes
donut cannon
Making us fat and obese
aaaand
Yes!
Sumica: so can we stream the song where Pinkie appears later? :D
Donut Pinata
DaringDerpy: Ah, I see.
Donut-ception
00,10IT"S A CARTOON!
A CARTOOOON
a cartoon
AN ACID TRIP!!!!
oh my god!
Sumi best part!
:D cartoons in the darndest places
Best part
oh yes perfect time to come back
how convient
wtf is this?!
a Cartoon
Really?
That whoa was at the perfect time XD
for jimmy!
More songs
I think they're doing it for Jimmy
lol
They fail so much
what is this?! i love it.
^
Aquabats.
Suddenly TES Oblivion.
SuperBrony64: aquabats
lol
SuperBrony64: thatw as meant for superDERP
dang it, nothing's easy as pie
buncha pingstealers in here today
They didnt disable his weapon systems?
but theres still a hole in the wall
/me slaps Vigoro around a bit with a large trout
i love donuts
me too!
>Nickelodeon says it's Worldwide Day of Play and that we should play outside
/me slaps Vivix around a bit with a large trout
>It's about 50 degrees here
Jmo, such a huge fish, and you manage to miss?
fancy tights ftw
AJIsAwesome - and the Hub says its Aquabats time.
>...>
i believe the Hub
Shush you.
Hehe
Worldwide Day of Play, screwing over kids who are sick or live in 100 degree weather places. Or if it's raining outside
MirrorImage: It's about 50 degrees here. :D
eckhard
she's...got no pants
The Hub likes to troll people
thats the worst 'dry' cleaning ever
J_E_Smith71: It's almost 50 degrees here. :D
lint monster!
Stil. hot.
Nick's losing ratings. Kids will just change it over to Cartoon Network or the Hub anyways
I'd love a hub troll in s3 where they show the intro of an old gen before an episode
hey, he said sorry
schnell!!
wait season 3 is out?
not 3.5 intro, that would take too long :P
SCHNELL
sadly no It's not out yet
november
It must be like getting bit by a wet towel
i've seen enough.... no i'm not gonna say it
I feel sorry for them
was the date announced?
What is this show even about?
VAs include Tara Strong, Grey DeLisle, John DiMaggio, D.C. Douglas, Quinton Flynn & Jennifer Hale playing various roles with voices such as Bubbles (PPG), Bender (Futurama), Wesker (RE5), Marcus Fenix (GoW), FemShep (Mass Effect), Raiden (MGS) and Axel (Kingdom Hearts). !
woo i was startled
JunkerKun: insanity
/me fears missing out
Dark_Horst: well, that much I did get.
I'm going to go see "Frankenweenie" today
Axel!
00,10wub step bopit
Vordox where did you find this out from?
You want to see a monster? I'll show you a monster :D *manical laughter* http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-p5L8yIxzazU/UE3pCGLQZvI/AAAAAAAAAXY/STZWw2k636I/s1600/Framed_Mirror.jpg
bopit smash
JunkerKun: well there are the aquabats. they are heroes and fight evil. or at least that'S whyt they think
sounds like a 'special' hulk
Dken2021: I sent the link to Mica, he decides if "yes" or "no" :D
OI! I am NOT monster Cypresswolf
Cypresswolf the monster's a dirty mirror?
b/c mcd's is SO good for you
Dark_Horst: So... is it parody or totally random show?
JunkerKun: both
That's good advice
pillow pet!
Dken2021: inside this mirror, you're reflection is like a weeping angel
Dark_Horst: Okay. Then I don't have to ask my brain if it is still alive or not
it is rather good advice isnt it Wirisme
is there a pony pillow pet
no?
lame
I wish.
JunkerKun: yeah, first ep kinda does that to you B)
Chrysalis: Shut up and take Mickey X)
weeping angle trick, look into a mirror forever and mulitply forever
xD
Forever alone
are you gonna make me
00,10yeah the eqd post about that was like 30 min ago Vordox
Sumica: Damnit EQD.
GOD DAMN THAT'S TERRIFYING
manatees are best RNG
20?! weak...
hi
oh, that VA panel
Dynamic Entry!
riding on sharks *guitar riffs*
:o
YAY~
inb4 joker
Oh boy, THIS episode
he likes it!
ive seen enough hentai
damnit Lyra`
6Hey ^^
i was writing that
Lyra`: what about yiff?
:3
donut bones, seems legit
Well this show wants you to see more hentai
anybody else having lag?
donuts have bones?
Lyra`: Thats how you clean a clock
How are you?
That thing is going to town.
incoming socks
ew
...
oh thats foul
it burns us
And it actually worked
Man... talk about dirty socks....
00,10dear princess celestia
I am pretty sure the random is the solution to all the aquabat problems
dem donut guts
Dear princess celestia
Fighting dirty? I thought better of you
ninja'd by sumi
6Good,you? :3
mica withe ninja
i seen that
-_-
Dirt saved our lives
dat oh my
Dat man love
no homo :3
ok now something else is happening!
dun dun
good thanks
I like the hat he is wearing lol
Capt! XD
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/10/1/hSyorYzhAUG14EFHJRyXXA2.jpg
No, i'm not okay, I'm actually physically and emotionally scarred for life!
0_o
poof
00,10they came dougnuts
OH YOU GUYS
they just
dat face
i dont evne
What the
I don't know what the hell I just watched but it was kinda awesome
lol Chrysalis
If only Batman was next
Ah more FiW
screw batman
ponies
yay
Chrysalis: Ha!
6^^
Hai Mega_Milk
witchcraft!
MLP is gangsta
Chrysalis: No ya foal! -lol I meant ha as in haha
00,10and then they died in a crash again
lol heard that car crash?
Essentially sweetie bots story is kind of sad.
yeah
is steam still havin issue
http://derpy.me/y9mV3
I'm watching Lion King 2 on TV.
Dat sweetie hawk
:3
awww
/me will hug rarity
00,10I dont know why i like sweetie bot so much
Sumica: Ha! how can you hate her?
Sweetie Bot is awesome
An error has occured
;^;
Iloveulovulovulvoulouv
Sweetie Bell was never that cute
Love...not...aquired....
An error has occured with Iloveu.exe
Lotus
My primary function is failure
My primary function is failure.
http://derpy.me/VO7Sw
damn it somepony tell me when FIW comes back up plz tell me
PeachStreak: It's on now
PeachStreak: Its up right now.
:[
refresh
next time
That's an awesome piicture
Hi bronies/ponies! :)
/me has failed the soul scan several times ;^;
Hi, Pikachu. :))
here we go
Hi Pikachu
Pikachu: Sup.
oh boy here it comes
poor sweetie bot :(
wait sweetie bell is a portal 2 robot D:
Pikachu: Eeyup.
YAY for scary Bot
The softball team must really suck then
i wish i could talk like a robot
doctor_whooves127: Practice
daaaaw cutie bot ^_^
ow ow ow ow ow ow
Dat slinky sound
hahahahaha
Incoming morter =D
eyyup
Im about to lay me some call of duty 3
play*
Robot Police
Fashion Police
ehh....
.......
d'aww
touching
Beutiful :'(
kinda greusome....
Bad idea to kill fluttershys father :l
nothing can stop the smooze
Pikachu: fluttershy had a little anger management problem there
6_9
Love is a dangerous thing.
DaringDerpy: OUCH
:D
dat bird squck noies
*noise
GASP
inb4 song
DAT SONG
yay song
00,10pain is cupcake?
obviously
yay song
buffer?
All the buffers
Yes I love my sister Applejack
i will eat you
DaringDerpy: I got buffer too
buffered
same here
laggy indeed
DaringDerpy: stupid buffering sequence initiated
Froze because I hav no buffer circle
00,10must be time to swap embeds
nice place to freeze :D
fun levels lowering
decreasing? that's the word
now it's broken
Had to do this during the song
im stuck on a frame of dinky climbind on a barrel
^
Shall we refresh to Lime or something?
Weall are
theres a heart! :D
00,10refresh page
I'm stuck on Dinky too
00,10or embed
I refreshed and am stuck at the wine containers
APOLBLEWM
this is dinky?
Did anyone screen cap the buffer? :D
??
DaringDerpy: Eeyup.
back
GASP
this will last forever now
limeV works
buffering/lag is making remix
ive got 0 lag on my end.
everything is fine now
favorite quote
00,10if you are not on limeV embed refresh
Set phasers to HUG
what a twist
"Set phasers to hug"
best lesson
i thought robots had no feelingd :L
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Sumica: will we ever stream Claire Corlett freaking out over Minecraft? :D
Sweetie bot's laugh XD
MadSurge, that video isn't great
this part :D
:D
00,10the sweetebell plays minecraft?
Dat mulan
00,10already played that
CrimsonPhoenix: Only the part where she starts typing her grief :D
hahahaha :D
:D
lol
spike is a brony
have you seen sweetie belle plays slender?
dreadful singing
hi Pikachu
the VA uploaded it the other day
This text will be replaced , what that U_u
Hi Saigneur
Chrysalis: link?
Luna :)
"Please buy a lot of toys"
Once upon a time, in a land where horses can talk
D: DUN DUN DU nNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
PeachStreak i PMd it to you
AGH my ears
CrimsonPhoenix: well, Claire is NOT Sweetie Belle :D too tomboyish
MadSurge, she does voice Sweetie Belle
wait horses can talk?
molestia
moleista! XD
MOlestia
Oh geez this one IS SOO GOOD :D
Molestia
Spin in circle for hours
the concept of the video is pretty lame as well
:D
I've probably seen it 5 times
celestia2 is twilight
doctore_whooves127: no of course not <_<
^
CrimsonPhoenix: I know, but she and Sweetie Belle aren't that similar it seems :D
OH MY GERD THE VOICE OF SWEETIE BELL PLAYS MINECRAFT, LET'S MAKE A VIDEO OF IT
1000 hours! D:
the song is awesome
the luna song
MOLESTia, FAPplejack, SLUTterfly ok I'll stop now.
xd
ONE THOUSAND HOUR DUNGEON
Molest fest xD
MadSurge, you won't change my opinion stop throwing useless arguments
drphantom: lolololol
If you pay attention you see invisible Rarity in town :D
Brb
it's a mediocre video with a mediocre concept and mediocre animation
aAaaaAAAaaaaAAAaaaa
-lol
CrimsonPhoenix: I mean the ORIGINAL video, silly :D
I just got that
Love his voice
i named one of my servers Gir
Rupony kenshin
Fanfics instead of candy.
No...
MadSurge, a let's play? That's even worse
Our own opinions do not trump the opinions of others
This is so realistic :o
lol
back
Vivix: Exactly.
CrimsonPhoenix: until the halfway point, then Minecraft keep crashing on her and she has a great freak out
wb Pikachu
Rainbow Stealth!
Hi AJIsAwesome!
thx Sonny
DASH
Ohai :)
Hi, Vivix! :)
Whats going on?
Pinkie Pie: innapropriate behavior
Hi, MaxTheBrony! :)
MadSurge, and that's revelent because?
btw i might appear new here but im not new to IRC
everything MaxTheBrony
Heya AJIsAwesome :)
hi MadSurge
who caares for spike
Just watching some FiW.
Wheelbarrel...
Relevent even
tab fail
XD
:P
wheel barrle
lemonjack
.........
You still got it
Dat bad pun
crickets
...............
boo get off the stage
:p
......
look at my giant wig
MadSurge: It must be a type of different versoin
yes
When is the new episodes comming out?
hahahahahaha
When are*
Colgate the dentist
hi new guests
AFRO CIRCUS
what about Senor Hachos
circle
Circle... Circle...
dat voice
circle
xD
Hurkle
I........
circle
percal
lurkle
All dem kids
I do~
Blorkle
Pikachu: it's a 30 minutes video of Claire Corlett doing stuff :D
-lol
purple
dada
MadSurge: LOLz
alright time for me to lurk for the next three months
fffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
and stream dead
awww
D:
Steam is ded
bam stream DEAD
Hello Mega_Milk!
GAGAHAHHAGHFD FUUUUUUUUUUUU]
:( stream stop
I killed the stream
More problems Sumi?
~shot self~
itll be fine keep cool guys
MadSurge: Sup.
Chrysalis: Im losing my kool!! Im losing it!
back
00,10mips disconected.
/me poors cool all over the chat
O__o
initiate anger sequence>insert mp3.> loud scream
GOGOOGOGOG
Mips? Though it was Lime
Sumica: Ouch
GOTTA GO FAST
Sumica, aw, when does the stream come back then?
CrimsonPhoenix: Get out
everybody panic just becuase the stream stops for a few seconds lol
GOTTA GO FAST
CrimsonPhoenix: Nao.....
Sumica: Try Veemi?
ASoftFluffyThing: You get out too! >:3
Mega_Milk, I hate the show as well
Mega_Milk, nu.
the streem is back
but it's reference in the video
hey
CrimsonPhoenix: I dont care about that. I just want ponehs...
SO
Invi: Refresh or click the play button.
00,10it comes back when you press play
ASoftFluffyThing: Well then madame I disagree
Dedchat?
Dat Russian accent
okies thanks ^^
Mega_Milk: YOU'RE TOO SLOOOOW
there
dat voice
00,10only mips has autoplay
BladedWings|Dishes: Get out
brb
Mega_Milk: make me :3
haha
Thanks Sumica
Mega_Milk: Come on, step it up!
Hi
MY Stream is down.............DAMMIT
AJIsAwesome: :D
BladedWings|Dishes: Im gonna show you my new collection of danny phantom art!
AJIsAwesome: Your dead to me. Dead to me!
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
Ded.
Mega_Milk: 'Hey, we should play this game some other time!
Anypony else has it's STREAM DOWN?
Its that time of month again. Time to clean out my friends lists.
I ship you with my OC
Ha
lol
............
0.0
00,10song!
song time
SONG TIME
Yayyy :D
00,10I love how all the FIW have songs
AJIsAwesome: Do you have your stream down?
^
Sumica: Somehow I think this would fit you so perfectly
could listen to this for hours
Mega_Milk: i'm cool with that ^_^
Dark92Enigma: Nope.
00,10oh/
00,10what part?
FUCK!
um...>_>
nice beat
Sumica: Teaching ponies how to be hot for a price
00,10haha
Dark92Enigma: Click refresh or press play.
Mine is down, and CLEARING THE BROWSER DOESN'T HELP
I'll try again
yellow
Does anyone know if Rurori Kenshin is actually any good?
Yellow?"
0_o
I am not a brony >_>
Sumica: Alright ya need a hoop skirt a thong and some socks
DAFUQ
best part
MAGIC POLICE
Mega_Milk: ..............
OH FUCK YOU BROWSER, FUCK YOU
00,10and you gotta dance Mega_Milk
Hello everyone :)
Whatepisode of FiW was the most revent one?
Mega_Milk, http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_la55kfQVmS1qclwnro1_500.gif
hi RaveBrony :)
Hi, RaveBrony. :)
Bwueeeeeh
hi RaveBrony
*recent
Sumica: -lol
Lag and lots of it
That drawing...
Hi RaveBrony
Return to stream, still FiW. I really underestimated how many of these exist.
CrimsonPhoenix: Do you enjoy hurting me ;^;
/me waves to thelonepony, AJIsAwesome, BladedWings|Dishes, and ASoftFluffyThing :)
How is it such a big deal?
RaveBrony: Sup.
Meanwhile: Well Sumi took an Aquabats break
How many people do the voices in this show? :D
Hiya Mega_Milk :)
sup RaveBrony
Neopets was the shit back then
J_E_Smith71: I missed Aquabats? damnit.
MadSurge: One girl does most of the Mane 5
Neopet
G'day alexxm, how goes things?
i'm good
Thats good :P
i killed a pumpkin
spikeapult
J_E_Smith71: thought so :D she's good at varying though
hi RaveBrony
I can't find any Minecraft wallpapers I liiik
Sumica, who will stream the movies?
liiiike*
What is that accent?
Hey there, DaringDerpy :)
>have you seen newt
>We're going to see a 3d movie
>he's blind on one eye
censorception
Mega_Milk: something eastern european
00,10Caramel will this week
Sumica: oh, including tonight? I hope stream is back up
Hm.
in........1 hour left, right?
RainDrops looks like my OC also viking helment
Space Kamp
Luna is russian?
You know your bored when you decide to visit /v/ for no reason
what /V/
you don't want to go there. Its 4chna
*chan
FUN FUN FUN FUN
SECRET BUT FUN
Luna is best pony
FUN!
FU-UN FU-UN
Secret Butt Fun is best fun
http://i.imgur.com/b7ZEt.jpg
leave behind a trail of spoo- *buffer*
lol
-ky slime
CrimsonPhoenix: http://images1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20111114062615/mlp/images/4/44/FANMADE_Cutie_Pox_illustrations.png
Luna is just gonna be there sleeping forever...
bye everypony ^^
so much random buff.............
bye Invi
everything else is fanon
bye Invi
Bye, Invi. :)
Bye Invi
DaringDerpy, dat cutiepox
by
why am i reminded of fallout 3 with that music?6_9
O_O
..............
Awww
Well, that happened.
Hey guys I found my dinner http://i.imgur.com/9v3Vu.jpg :D
lmao
GPU y u run so hot.
the hell
........:S
now careful raincloud
ya its a mystery
bad rain cloud
no derpy? :(
bummer
WHeres derpy?
What, no derpy hooves?
IPODS
this is FIW
mr too
drphantom,thisguy: its jokel
me
There is a fallout reference in Borderlands 2 :)
soulrider95: whatch mean
the "set the world on fire"?
lok
ok
achivement
There is a blue/yellow skin called "vault dweller"
she has an awesome song in this episode too
that one too :P
hay people
hi mentallyeffedguy
nobody likes raincloud
good rain cloud
;(
Rain cloud ;^;
:(
*:(
aww :(
:(
dawww raincloud
I love that cloud :(
the ending is priceless
i cant read hyukukuykhuyk
Lol :D
hey
/me wears Derpy Hooves T-shirt all day... Nobody even took note...
dont die!
Hi!
dont die
noggin? i'm not sure that channel exists anymore
Not enough wagons
Tervicz: You sir are my hero.
:D
how many carriages does that train have
TWILIGHT SPARKLE
it's a freight train O.O
LiveV? must be serious
hello everyone, its ponyfromPR i just changed my name, i havnt beeon on in forever
hi bluemane
Tervicz: I can wear PONY.MOV shirts all day, because apparently noone knows about FiM in Italy :D
hai fprmer ponyfromPR
*former
bluemane: Sup.
bluemane: howdy
Hi, bluemane. :)
Madsurge, exactly. I live in Belgium
HAI GUYS
Hiya bluemane
hi ShiningDawn
alloi ShiningDawn
Hardly anyone even saw this show
laton
ello, i cant type all the names, im just watchin my friend play metroid, thanks for the warm welcom lol :)
wats streaming?
inb4 deceptively happy song
inb4 song
How's everyone doing?
i love this song
I love this song actually
Friendship is Witchcraft
Tervicz: it's the Derpy toaster-cozy and RD5000 shirts. People seldomly ask me what they are :D
awesome song incoming, get to cover!
bluemane witcrft
this song is one of my favs
<3
blech
yay pinkie <3
best song ever, yet so fucking depressing :D
<3
The only good part of this episode! :D
Madsurge, but if they did, they'd be bronies too
Best FiW song
DKen2021 coolski
cripe that depressing ;^;
^
Tervicz: well, I thought Rainbow Dash was very recognizable :D
hey AJIsAwesome
didn't see you there :D
Hi, Sonny. :)
DIdn't see YOU there. :D
<3 that song
ok, you?
stream, why u randomly stop?!
ugh, this part
>_> ye I've been drawing so :)
Except for that one time
I'm drawing princess Luna atm, just for practise
Applejack's a Klingon?
J_E_Smith71, I'm sorry but Pinkie's Brew deserve that spot
what the cornball?
lmao
oh yeah AJIsAwesome Do have any ideas of what I could draw next :o?
dat music
horee sheet! A rubber band 0.0 such money :3
:D
I'm good.
Sonny: Celestia enjoying the sunset?
Rarity catch me!
Lol
-lol
DAT CENSOR :D
89m?
no "buy some apples"? 6_9
DaringDerpy: 89 year old male
cynder was here a while ago, hopefully she'll come back
I know. But I don't get the joke,
Ello everypony
hi lowfn
hey lowfm
im rainbow dash
hi lowfn
:D
XD
Hi, lowfn. :)
Music!
No! Raincloud :O
RAINCLOUD NOOOOOOO
haha
Noooo!!
Nuuu, Don't be a hero cloud ;^;
;-;
raincloud. forever a hero
RAIN CLOUD
RAINVLOOOUUUD
:(
RainCloud NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!:'(
Congratulations, your Raincloudhas evovled into a Mushroomcloud!
nuuuuuuuu :'(
Inb4 Dari kicks some ass in the chat :D
NNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO :(
BUT WHAT ABOUT RAINCLUD?
Yeah. That would be nice. XD
OH GOD WHY?
cloud
dat heroic sacrifice
Rain Cloud, forever in our hearts.
:(
/me sobs
that mood slap
nuuuu, raincloud :(
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo:'(
never forget
rain cloud was best cloud
raincloud x bomb
happy times!
RIP Raincloud
:( rip
still a better love story than twilight
he just evolved guys, take it easy
ManUp.jpg?
good bye raincloud, we barely knew ye
She's been having troubles with her computer so she can't come as often :/
who leveled up?
YES
Hey all
And that's all the FiWs
oh thats a creepy flutters
yay this song
yay sfm ponies
/me builds a giant statue in dedication of Rainclous
SFM pmv?
It's 6:30 pm
*Raincloud
pinkiespice: raincloud
DABI PLS
dat 3d face
Dat handsome tree in the stream :3
Computer troubles suck.
I don't see any raincloud
indeed
Raincloud needs its own movie.
oh wait, there it is
This is well made
its outside my window
Did Fluttershy just say Penis spell?
is it just me or does her eye twitch real creepy like?
Asuna: yes
scooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooootalooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
..........................................what?
its raining quite allot
should have noticed it eariler
Who here thinks NMM is a monster?
i need to get their modles for gmod
DerpyMuffins: How so?
just misunderstood
i`m going to write the longest "post" thats not just one or 2 words!
how i love randomness
i need to get their modles for gmod
times like this i wish we had gmod pony models in RL
I dont think she is a monster, I jsut wanted to know who think she is a monster
yeah
thisguy: yep
skinny legs much?!
/me sets phasers to hug
buffering to ying-yang
Aha, I knew Fluttershy was an angel!
Nooone believed me! They said I was crazy! And I am!
dat squee
<3
DAT SQUEE <3
SHOO BE DOO SHOO SHOO BE DOO
<3 hnnnggg
Oh no
OH NO
Generally I do a good job avoiding software issues, not so much with hardware issues...
OH SHIT!!!!
And that's it for Sumi.
/me rocks out to the music
That river must be full of LSD
OoooHHHHOOOOO YESSSS
Thanks for the stream Sumi
Thanks for the stream, Sumica
Thanks for stream Sumica
sea ponies need to be in season3
sea ponies are fucking scary...
Thanks for the streams and FiW-a-thon
:D
true
thanks for the stream Sumica
Someone shoot me
Now
Sea ponies
sea ponies will eat your babies
thanks for the stream :)
Euro Night in 30 minutes if no one comes in before then
nope >_>
Thanks, Sumica :)
...Even in G1 Applejack didn't get to sing?
Thanks, Sumica. :)
Tervicz: I guess not. :D
aaa the old ponies
COOOKIES
Someone please shoot me before they sing again
Daaaaaaaaaw
dap pic <3
dat
I have no pic :(
/me calls upon the seaponies
same
Stream's gone
bummer
Over-analisation is magic http://i.imgur.com/Lg64A.jpg
Tervicz: If no one picks up it'll start again in 30 mins when Euro Night begins
Todays PS2 patch is exciting.
Barbetos: What does it do?
Esmir is going to be awesome.
lol CrimsonPhoenix
They changed the map to Esmir, and added new guns.
awww did i miss the seaponies?
I hope I can use my mini gun finally.
afraid so
Hi guise :):):)
a belated thanks for the stream Sumica
hi sonicdude558
hai sonicdude558
what is the movie today?
aww Cadence is Lonely...
lol
lol over analyzation http://i.imgur.com/Lg64A.jpg
Turbo on the ATv's too XD
Hi, sonicdude558. :)
Well.................later guys
got seaponies theme stuck in my head
thisguy: u get use to it lol
rawr
:o
where did stream go_!?
it ended
ikr kurtustarn
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7mRM0-DgYsg&feature=context-gfa
Hmm... That's... interesting?
Late, but thanks for the stream Sumica :)
hahaha
only 20 minutes til movie taim!
ooh, what movie, i wonder? :P
Brb, making some breakfast.
in other news. I finnally was able to snag this before they were unstocked at amazon http://derpy.me/-0yyp
ZUUL MOTHERFUCKER!
oh wait
20 minutes still
so, to pan down time for the movie, anything interesting been going on with y'all?
Well my fanfic just pst 100 likes
That guy must've been really bored :p
past
or a nerd
either one
Hello there!
i challenge you all to beat this game
http://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/599220
hello pony_"random number"
^^
How do I change my name? ^^''
DerpyMuffins what kind of fic was it?
Im trying to de-monster NMM
nick/
With a hint of romance
there should've been a popup to put your name in when you cam on here
It harder than it shoulds
oppisite
soundsw
sounds
nick/ LightRay
Lies.
other way, like /nick
Now!
there ya go!
:3
^^
kurtustarn Beat it twice if not thrice
nice
i cant get past the bloody stairs
kurtustarn Gets too easy once you figure it out
Who ever added stairs to this game needs a punch in the kidney.
yupp
Hiya
hi
lali-ho y'all coming in just now
Mine isn't playing?
no one's using the stream atm
fuck stairs!
afternoon, all.
So it's not playing for anyone?
allo Kencolty
Haha! Fuck you stairs! I am your master now!
Meanwhile: youre a god if you got past those fuckers
Kencolt: Pfft. That bit was great.
FUCK
i cant get past the stairs
is there something wrong with the stream?
no, no one's using the stream atm
oh. okay
Or both.
FAAAAAAAAAAAAACK! i crashed face first at the end of the stairs!
Eggs.
well truth in television, it's possible for horses to walk up stairs, but impossible to go down them
yeah haha
...
i hate stairs
no-one needed to see that.
Yo whats up bronystate
:3
hi everypony
lali-ho Moopy
hey moopy
ello Moopy
and lali-ho to you too somepony_else
Hey a new Vinyl and Octavia fanfic from Crioton: http://www.fimfiction.net/story/52395/1/Mezza-Voce/Prologue
hey Dken2021
ello somepony_else
Moopy: win this http://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/599220
So...does everybody have no video?
o.o
drphantom no one's using the stream atm
I don't.
why is the Euro Movie Night suddenly in 4 hours?
oh
for me it says 7 minutes
drphantom: Stream begins in six minutes
diddz
same thing for me. Seven minutes.
ok, I just reeleoaded the page but it says 3 hours 51 min
im going to bite off my thump
I'll try again
it says 5 minutes at me...
^^
Lil_B: Must be an error
FUCK THIS GAME
J_E_Smith71 yeah, just reloaded, it's 5 min now
it's an hour early on my end
why is it that the movie about to start, and all i see is darkness?
So hey, I just noticed that you're showing the Yu-Gi-Oh movie later today.
2pm est?
Hi, Good afternoon everyone
Marx mmhmm
hi TheGreatAndPowerfulT
ello TheGreatAndPowerfulT
pinkiespice because no one's using the stream atm
ah
Yep. Probably gonna come watch. Yu-gi-Oh is one of my favorite cartoons from my childhood.
/me highjacks the stream and streams L4D2 ponies edition
everyone had fun with yugioh yesterday
Yugioh was so silly.
no one here ?
man, yugioh was the best back then.
DRAMATIC SOUNDTRACK. CARDS. MORE CARDS. PLOT. CARDS CARDS CARDS PLOT CARDS PLOT CARDS CARDS CARDS CARDS CARDS SOUNDTRACK END.
Don't forget the Heart of the Cards.
I believe in the heart of the cards. FOOLS!!
sounds like it was fun
Card games on motorcycles :O
wait
what was ZeXal's gimmick?
I rewmember this yu gi oh movie beeing the first movie I watched where somehow really was jokin about the Movie to myself how shitty it was XD
Meanwhile: You forgot ancient Egyptian Gods. And cards.
5d's was the last time I think they were actually trying
Heart of the Cards? You mean cheating right?
bonjour everypony!
Deeeeeeaaaaaaaad.
salut pankreas
konichiwa pankreas
they repeated and explained the plot at least 6 times in that movie
hello pankreas
Dken2021: to rehash the first series in the worst way possible.
It was never supposed to be. But then it was.
Hello!
pankreas are you french ?
hi pankreas
no
too bad
uty4ut3yy4444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444yuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuutyt3y3ry 1i2te7777ttnjjgrkgjkjkgekkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
okay
CriticKitten: It's not cheating. It's Yugi's natural talent to pull an impossible cardout of his ass from nowhere to win. He's got a duel monsters deck cutie mark on his but to prove it.
dat spam
...yea, none of that please
why everypony say Bonjour/salut ????
Yeah, first gen Yu-Gi-Oh was best. GX was ok. I can't tell you how 5D's was. Never really saw that.
i thin i know two or three words in french :D
sorry if late on the uptake up, no steam on?
somepony_else are you french ? ^^'
pony_300 it's about to start
Evening all!
hey al
nope, german ^^
l
movie in 0 min :)
we be missing a movie :0
well... it should start now...
5
Marx I heard the plot was somewhat better
4
3
2
1
somepony_else guude :)
saigneur, i don't know why, but it was kind of a running gag back in school
Dken2021: Dohkay, just making sure there wasn't a problem on my side
dang
moin Lil_B
Kencolt: Is that where he pulls the card from`?
Sorry bout the spam my baby sister got ahold of my laptop
still no stream ?
what the hay
It may be late. Sumi said that Val was streaming didn't he? He's not here yet
pinging Sumica, Wrek, or SuperBrony64 Movie time?
someone stole my name ;A;
I want my name back ;A;
drphantom oh, kay, just try and not to let that happen
wait, what?
Fl00t4hSh41: I can't think from anywhere else.
new voice of big mac?
No, Big Mac is voiced by Peter New
a new big mac?! Nuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu ....well okay I can deal with it, so long as they're good
Now that Reikim joined the skype group, I think that might have been the final nail in this group's coffin.
hi guys
IT'S BRONY MOVIE NIIIIIIIIIIIIGHt
Peter New, the VA for Big macintosh
i think that's his name
hi
If I don't get my name back, i'll draw morbid ponies. :U
It's well and truly deceased.
good evening =]
No "New" is his name
Hello Soulero
Joined the choir invisible.
Peter New
More like a brony movie day!
so whats on tonight?
pinkiespice No one took it, you are connected twice.
everything
NothingI guess
Might be a delay in the start of Movie Night looks like
http://i.imgur.com/jnx9s.jpg
buffering
while we're at it, Bonbon should have a new voice every ep she's in to continue the running joke, and then reveal that she's a voice mimicer or somethin
If there is, hold on folks
so, where's the movie? :o
Bigmac is getting a new peter?
this is the movie
ScootaChicken Meanwhile and ...otakon?
its called black screen
The plot twist is Bonbon is a voice actor
oh okay i got it..
Yes, he's having a peter transplant.
All right Val's here
Hahaha, this part is so funny!
Dken2021.
Anyone getting a stream?
Dken2021: Yes.
J_E_Smith71: sounds good
Well... Imagine it was Movie Night and everybody is there, except thje guy with the Movie :/
Gabe: PERFECT
Movie should begin now
No stream
pony_8407: Forf most watching here, it's night-- mosatly Euro bronies who can't catch the first showing because it's so flipping late/early for them.
ohai ValtheJean
I'm not getting a stream
Caramel is late
Nobody is, drphantom
is stream on?
Hold on guys, Val's here, so let him set it up and we'll be good to go
Braviary yea but the scene with the buffering icon just ruined the movie for me
2,14 oh shut up CrimsonPhoenix, the two minutes you've lost wont kill you
^
uhoh
^^
^^^^
I hope the brony movie day plays Toy Story
>>>>>>
val is NOT in the mood for your shit today guys :)
Told level: very
3 minutes might kill him
look at these lovely carats
Since it's Lime we'll have to hit the Play button. ValtheJean, you'll let us know when to hit the play button right?
Val in his usual cheery state.
hiya ValtheJean
pony_8407 I might vote for it soon
what's going on all?
ValtheJean, Manners mon capitain
aww no twilight room yet
Hi ValtheJean
Hi, otakon. :)
just waiting for the stream?
did it start yet?
take your time Setting up Val :)
Dken2021: You can't. Toy Story was shown as part of the Trilogy event
I don't think so
hello otakon and ValtheJean
2,14 Meanwhile in his usual bitchy state
Quick_Thinker: Nope. Setting up
k
Give it a sec
>say nearly nothing
3 mins left!
ValtheJean: take your time it's not like we're on a strict schedule
2,14 refresh your streams, should be working
oh snap
otakon people anticipating stream, your usual saturday
i'm never in skype to begin with
Dken2021: I figured
Where's Ghost Nappa?
We get signal?
anyway brb need a drink and to finish doing somthing
We get signal.
it works! :)
Todays movie will be played through a letterbox.
Oh that reminds me i need to refresh the stream as well to
Here we go.
How're you doin', ValtheJean
Yaaay!
LordDerpington: YAY!
kinda small
still notworking
... wut
hello
nevermind
Arrived just in time
There we go.
hi CCCP
hi everyone
very small indeed
now we just need the rooms
hi CCCP
It's working. yay!
hi Saigneur and Soulero
inb4 the loss of those two minutes sends CrimsonPhoenix's life into a downward spiral of death, drugs, and depression
Hi CCCP
its ghost busting time
Twilight would love this place
let me refresh it
hi thelonepony
In roughly that order
CriticKitten, it's horrible I know
Heya guys
i have yet to find a way to play apb reloaded and watch brony movie night at the saem time
CriticKitten: Think of what could have been accomplished in two minutes.
Whats upsh?
Quick_Thinker: The side rooms aren't always opened on sataurdays
who you gonna call?
and a big lali-ho to y'all coming in now, welcome!
:): mmmm books
Meanwhile: Good morning!
whats the name of this movie again?
Meanwhile: I could have killed, like, five monsters in GW2 ;_;
there we go
FIVE, Meanwhile. ;_;
Ghostbesters!
I think i peed my pants
hey guys... did i miss something?"
CriticKitten: I should really play that more.
*busters
LordDerpington: :P
cuddly_kittehs: Evening.
brony_90 just started
pfft. telekinesis. Twilight uses it all time.
stream still not working for me
ghostbesters..... LOLOLOLOLOL
Meanwhile: It's morning for me....
Didn't we see this last night?
pinkiespice2: Did you refresh?
Hey dudes :D
Mythbusters!
Moopy yus
its the euro movie night theing moopy
yes
What's with the lali-ho-- Oh, that game. Been forever since I played it.
trolololight sparkle
omg papers!
:o
Discord!
Moopy: Of course.
it showing me a screenshot now
hmmmm
Moopy you've been here long enough to know surely that euro movie night is a repeat at an earlier time.
Meanwhile: I've been leveling the norn warrior for a fresh experience. Maxed out the sylvari ranger so may as well. :P
oh my goooooooooooooooooooooooood
ZOINKS!
and queue song!
Twilight's nightmare?
for now it looks more like a Horror Movie
GHOSTBUSTER
GHOST NAPPA!
Who ya gonna call!?
:O
dat song
ok not anymore
well excuse me dude
CriticKitten: My Norn warrior'll beat up your Norn warrior. :I
its lagging too badly...
Kencolt well at least you know where it came from <3
this song <3
again =_=
Vegeta-geta-geta
:)
WHO YA GONNA CALL?!?!?!?
pinkiespice2: You need to "CTRL + F5"
For the curtusy of Eruo bronystate peope, there is an earlyier one
THE STATUE IS A WEEPING ANGEL! ISN'T IT!
??
he has to be both.
BURN IN HELL
it doesnt work with just one or the other.
pinkiespice2: Try clearing your caché and refreshing again.
BILL MURRY!
Good guess, but wrong
:O
They are trying to get cutie marks
Oh Bill Murray
hi SirGanjalf
Meanwhile: Pft. Filly please, I have a sword/axe combo that makes it rain Bleed.
lol
:D
lol
Rigegd
Rigged
Dat gum.
xD
Dang double typo
I'm sorry, but wrong *TORTURE*
haha probably
CriticKitten: I have a greatsword, I win by default.
Troll
lol
that's gonna hurt
Meanwhile, how many fingers am I holding up?
lolz
xD
wait
ahahah
he got it right
for science!
He said couple. Meaning two. There were three.
GabeMoist: 3?
If they are paying him, did he really volunteer?
umad bro
$5
RAGE QUIT
Meanwhile, nope
You're a hot girl = you're always right?
nope
lol
5 bucks to shock you over 75 times. Totally worth it
GabeMoist: 5?
Dope slap
Meanwhile: Lies and slander. Greatsword warriors tend to die a lot in dungeon running, my guy is better party support. :p
Hey everyone, how you all doing today?
hi Brownclown
/me presses the shock button
GOD DANM IT RAY
Yah but back then, that would totally buy like, a combo meal at McD's
test
fine what about you
its working flawless now
dat epic face
Good thanks, recovering from food poisioning :/
lag :'(
pinkiespice: SUPRISE HUG!
/me loves this movie <3
excuse me if i withold my enthusiasm
and i spoke too soon
CriticKitten: I really need to run more dungeons. I alternate greatsword and sword shield for trash and bosses.
cuddly_kittehs: :U
what movie is it
CCCP: Good Morning CCCP
cuddly_kittehs :3 <3 hai
Hi, Brownclown. :)
what movie is it guys?
/me sprays cuddly_kittehs with neighpon, and strikes a match
:D
Mythbusters:P
NICE
Meanwhile: I've been using sword/axe for incredible adrenaline growth and heavy bleed infliction, and longbow for FYRE and distance.
too much lag :( im going
I've never seen this, I'm a terrible person
CriticKitten: I never understood what it was with the fire.
cuddly_kittehs: thanks for voluenteering. :D
/me sets cuddly_kittehs on fire. :D
/me runs in a circle, screaming, as the heat sears flesh from bone
Meanwhile: It's fire, what's to understand? It burns things and goes WOOOOOOOSH.
2,14 enough
2,14 no RP in the channel
its now rule?
yeah, don't play with fire on public channels
XD
RP?
it's dangerous
2,14 it's ALWAYS been a rule -_-
If you want to RP cuddly_kittehs and pinkiespice, please PM each other. :)
pinkiespice it's been that way
what does RP mean?
CriticKitten: Aye but why do warriors get it. It just seemed like they were short on ideas and had to throw it in there.
not even a little rpg? for less than a mintue?
sorry but what is RP
xD
pankreas: Role Playing.
oh okay
Dken2021: oh
-.-
:D
Pony being on the other hand...
discord slime!
Normally, I haven't been shunned for a little bit of RP that suits the moment. Then again.....that was random
Meanwhile: I think warriors don't have any other major form of burning.
That's not ectoplasm.....;)
OMG IT's...um nevermind
Is Movie night on?
ectoplasmic residue.... these days, we call it "protien"
Bogy: "Roleplay"
Dark92Enigma-: Yes.
CriticKitten: True but it's not like rifles have obligatory freezing ability.
wow
AJIsAwesome: Not for me.........blame my mom, and this browser
But that would be a gr
the rapidfire dings scurred me more than the bookshelf
Meanwhile: True enough, still I think it works quite well.
Dark92Enigma-: Ah.
still dead in here eh? oh well
ding ding ding! We have a winner!
Dark92Enigma-: Yes it is
CriticKitten: Oh definitely, it's a good thing to have I just never really understood it.
This movie used to scare me when I was little.
Deeeeeeaaaaaaaad.
Dark92Enigma-: You made it, just 15 mins late
lol
AJIsAwesome: the only hope i have left is restart the computer, and then come back later J_E_Smith71
Wow, what cloudburst at my place. Kinda appripriate for a movie about ghosts...
Dark92Enigma-: I wish you the best of luck. :)
J_E_Smith71: I CAN'T SEE ANYTHING, because of my browser
Going to be idle for a bit, later!
shhhhhh...
Dark92Enigma-, what are you using?
cya
shhhhhhhhhhhh
Librarian ghost is reading, do not interrupt.
Meanwhile: I dunno. Other weapons tend to revolve a lot around other conditions and whatnot. My sword is very bleed-favoring.
shhhhhhhhhhh
drphantom: yeah, especially next scene
Get her!
The...usual stuff?
:O
i would have asked her for a book
:o
ghost just wants to read a book, leave it alone
or a recommendation
drphantom: Me too, I liked the cartoon and sequel, but this one always scared me more it was years before I could watch it
RainbowAsh: The Latest Internet Explorer........i don't remind the number
"QUIET!"
ghost twily?
Best laid planes
CriticKitten: Aye sword stacks bleed by default, greatsword has armour break, I forget what the others do off hand.
they touched it sooo hard
Dark92Enigma-: Is the stream loading at all? Do you have the Lime V screen? Maybe you need to press play
i bought the game from this movie for Pc, but i didnt check if my Computer is good enough for this... now i have a game i cant play...
Ryunosuke: T_T Twilight is not dead. It is a Twilight Hologram clone!
aaaaaah
brony_90: Same thing happened to me
J_E_Smith71: i'm still having the ''WE ARE DOING MAINTENANCE''
brony_90 you could always download it again after you get a brand spanking new beast of a PC
brony_90, thats what consoles are for
RainbowAsh Internet Explorer 7
So, we showing regular Pyramid of Light today, or the abridged version?
Dark92Enigma-: clear the cache
RainbowAsh: are you using Mozilla
Dark92Enigma-, ah, I see. Yes, I am, how do you know?
No idea.
dunno, was it ever voted for WMC?
I know there were votes
It's not marked for WMC.
Dark92Enigma-: try direct link
But that could just be the list not yet updated.
RainbowAsh: my mom told me, it's the best and safest browser there is
i dunno, CCleaner for example ^^'
Hey Val was Pyramid of Light WMC'd or not?
Meanwhile: The sword/axe combo is a real gem.
Dark92Enigma-: Don't you have a Clear History thing that can do it>
Meanwhile: Nope
I HAVE NO IDEA
Dark92Enigma-, I do agree with her.
J_E_Smith71: i'll try it
Meanwhile: Axe builds the adrenaline fast, the sword stacks bleed like crazy. It's golden. :3
CriticKitten: It never looks like it's hitting with the offhand unless you use abilities, I find it rather offputting for dual wield.
RAY, NOT HELPING!
You gotta try this poll!
Pole.
pole*
He's such a kid
whoops
Hello everypony!
Ray, you idiot-.-
HAGGLING DENIED
...
if that pole had been the last bit defaulty...
=-=
funny fact, yesterday, i was watching yu gi oh re enacted by ponies, and then i saw yu gi oh the movie in the suggestion, and i watched it the same day as yours without knowing that was the selected movie xD
That pole sure does look like fun
least
Aww, i can't stay mad on him
Brownclown: It didn't look very sanitary
Oh I get it... Euro Movie Night
unrelated: https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/10/3/j8mTyLX49kayPyB1NwTS5A2.jpg
lol
/me , downtown with Sigourney Weaver...
Hello everypony. Sorry I'm late
Ah well, fun is more important than hygene
hiya Chrysalis ...when you getting bcack on LIVE?
IT WORKED!!!!!!!!!!!!
suddenly rick moranis
lol
Meanwhile: Because it's not. The first skill is "swing the main hand sword", so it swings the main hand sword. :P
otakon i could be now
Vitamins
IT FINALLY WORKED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
but i have no desire to be
what worked Dark92Enigma-
taco
Eat more vitamins
CriticKitten: Yeah, it just...looks weird.
nice work out
Chrysalis: oh nice cool :)
:)
NEEEEERRRRD
Chrysalis: BWAHAHAHAHAH
my xbox has been setup for weeks
toco nerd
sonicdude558:D yeah becaus ewhen the friday night is broadcast, it start at 1AM in europe ^^'
yes u did
but, PS2, BL2, new skyrim, hawken
so many pc games
what a silly lillith
Chrysalis: -_- you suck, you're missing all of the insanity
Dat nerd.
lol
Why is ripley talking to this nerd? Shouldn't she be shooting aliens or something?
he LIKES her
Fl00t4hSh41: yes/
OWNWS
Egon looking for his mark.
This guy never shuts up
otakon there were 7 of us in a drop ship while wrek flew sideways
wait was that, sigourney weather ?
Chrysalis: yeah all on 360 except two of those, and what about ME3? we're FINALLY getting new factions next week
theres plenty of insanity
Saigneur: Yep
yes Saigneur
she is everywhere
Sigourney Weaver.
Chrysalis: yh well my$500 PC can't run that okay?
If "no", can i still call them?
ahah
my bad 6_9 weather is something else xD
THE EGGS
:o
Ghost eggs!
I'm going to see finding nemo 3D today!!!
Not the eggs!
:O
mfw aliens
FORESHADOWING
get her eggs!
Fore-shadowing with the marshmellows?
toco eggs
ghost chicks!
So this is what spontaneous combustion looks like when it happens to eggs
Looks like she's got.... egg on her face.
What is it with Sigourney and weird eggs.
I am seeing finding nemo to
Meanwhile: hah!
Self frying eggs, well thats new
its a lion?
mfw predator
:D
since when did they invent them
those eggs are not EGGOLENT
ZUUL!
ZUUUL!
ZUUUUL MOTHERFUCKER!
ZUUUUUUUUUUUUUUL
ZUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUL
/me ZUUL COCKSUCKING MOTHERFUCKER! ZUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ZUUUUUUUL MOTHERFUCK ZUUUUUUUUUUUUL
ZUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUULLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
ZUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUL MOTHAFUCKA
ZUUUL MUTHERFUCKER ZUUL
zuuuuuul!
or... this
lol
ZUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUULL!
ZUUL MOTHERFUCKER
ZUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUL
ZUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUL!
looks like geth
zuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuulllllllllllllllllllllllllll
zuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuulllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
DAT ZUUL SPAM :D
^
Did someone say Zod?
See ghost > sell mortage to start ghost busting business > Air commercials for their business.... I think they skipped a step in their plan, which is proving paranormal activities so people actually DO call them
TASTE THE ZUUUUUU MOTHER FUCKER
The chat reactions show me that I have a pretty big delay
Chrysalis: dude we're getting a bunch of new kits in the following weeks and FINALLY fighting Collectors
EspyLacopa: NO. Zod said KNEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEL
KNEEL before ZUUL! wait...
So basically you need a new car.
that's not too bad
No
Oh hai Neil
type type type
might have a glance later
that janine
lol
OH MY
DAFUQ
woah
:D
so suggestive
...
ohhoho
damn!
she likes the geeks
U_u
BJ much
haw
xD
otakon, are you ready for later?
what have he done down there...
dat accent
connecting computer
lol
that hobby
them spores
so exiting
So he's a real fun-guy.
Nice hobby
by girls Vigaga
Getitlol
erriely sexy, like a sassy nerd thing going on with her
spores, molds and fungus
CrimsonPhoenix: no I don't know if my sanity can take another hit like that without me killing myself.
oh ha ha ha
hahaha
Well he's in luck once he gets her naked
dat hair
fun guy
I gets it
lol
otakon, hahaha well get ready
lol
Venkman JUMPS
im peter parker
When ripley has trouble, shouldn't she call the colonial marines rather than the ghost busters?
otakon, just clear your mind and logic process of though
I want that shirt
guys
or I'm going to ship you with the movie
If Ripley has trouble she just needs to pick up a rifle.
CrimsonPhoenix: :D
What are they gonna do against a hive of face huggers
is it worth 10 bucks to get a game earlier through ordering online?
zUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
DAT SPAM :S
otakon, that sounds like renting a game
Woll of U
Wall of U.
haha
dat no L
Wall*
wait....
Fl00t4hSh41: the proton packs are EXCEEDINGLY destructive to physical and intangible matter
/me hugs AJIsAwesome, J_E_Smith71, SirGanjalf and RainbowAsh with excitement because the stream works again
oooooh
how eariler otakon?
11,02Wii UUUUUUUUUUUUU \:D/
Dark92Enigma-: YAY! :)
Dark92Enigma-: Glad to see it's working
lol
otakon: But their accuracy is kind of spotty
"check her out"
CrimsonPhoenix: no I'm ordering XCOM from Amazon and is 10 bucks is the cost for one day shipping
i already heard something like "zuuu" somewhere else
Dark92Enigma-, gratz, did you change anything?
Smooth operator.
SCORED!
DAT SuperBrony64 :O
Hi SuperBrony64 :3
SHELDON COOPER in flash costume : ZUUUU ZUUUU ZUUU
lol such psychobabble pseudoscience bs
Fl00t4hSh41: you don't need accuracy with horde's, just think flamethrower
Zuu - big bird thing around mysidia in FF4
otakon, ooooh shipping...shipping is always quite a burden
:)
phycics annoy me so much, i actually want to kill myself when i hear about them in a non fictional context
11,02Hai :3
RainbowAsh: SirGanjalf gave me a direct link, so it's working on a different window
I personally don't mind myself but it's great service
hey SuperBrony64
hi SuperBrony64
Soulero ^
Its a me venkman
hi SuperBrony64
otakon: Bulley spraying didn't help the colopnial marines
*bullet spraying
i have an idea
Dark92Enigma-, ah, nice
Fl00t4hSh41: they didn't know what to expect remember?
and if you don't want to pay the extra 10 dollars just go get it in a video game retailer
it's technical...
nuke the apartment
sigh, bill murray just wants to get with the ladies
what a shame
hai thar SuperBrony64 seems you downgraded again
ahem a crime
Oh, that's sad...
why do they never nuke the apartment?
oh snap
11,02No I didn't D:
or at least hit it with an RPG
Soulero: bc that would destroy the city?
AJIsAwesome: funny thing is, somepony promised there would be a cookie for the first one to say ZUUL MOTHERFUCKER. and i was the first one last night, and didn't got a cookie
SuperBrony64: What happened to NewSuperBronyU? :3
so many innuendos
I don't remember this part of Groundhog Day
11,02AJIsAwesome: Moo :3
Soulero: doesn't work against incorporeal beings
/me gives Dark92Enigma- a cookie :)
AJIsAwesome he wasn't released yet
just throw the bag
NewSuperBronyU: Yay! :)
AJIsAwesome: thank you :)
otakon they could at least put the fridge in the middle of the sahara desert and nuke it
and have some eggs
11,02Lol wut
i probably have 1000 ping because otakon spoil everything xD
Dken2021: What wasn't?
Soulero: it's NOT the fridge
lol look at all the junk food
COKE MOTHERBUCKA COOOOKE
COKE MOTHAFUCKA COOOOOOOOOOOOKE
lolz
^^
Saigneur: I spoil NOTHING
Venkman: doesn't give a shit, just wants ass...
Now I want a coke
ZUUUUUUUUUUUUL
dammit, ninja'd
AJIsAwesome the Wii U of course
Dken2021: Ah. :)
LIES
insert gangnam style elevator joke in the fridge
its like she is explaining the plot of prometheus
But I have shandy, so its cool
Ahem........ZUUL MOTHERFUCKER.
both
Do anti-bronies ever come here just to troll?
Should of brought a real PKE instead of the squeezey thing Peter
drphantom, rarely
Saigneur: someone needs to get on that if it hasn't been done yet
drphantom: Sometimes.
drphantom: Had at least one
drphantom barely, we don't get that much here
OH SNAP!
drphantom: Had one earlier this week.
dat hand
drphantom: Who'd noticed with all the spam?
drphantom: haven`t seen one yet :)
drphantom: For the most part. there was only ONE who didn't
creeper
Drphantom: My friend sometimes comes here every now and then for the films and the chat. He puts up with the pony episodes though
pony_300 yeah xD
wow, it's been a long time since this movie, but I didn't realize how much I hate Venkman in this movie.
Brownclown: he'll turn I think eventually
lol
xD
NEEEEERDS
Otakon: He probably has, just still in the metaphorical closet
CRITIIIIIIIIIIIIC
Brownclown: that doesn`t sound like the steretypical antibrony
chew slowly
KHAAAAAAAAN
Yes? :o
CUUUUUUUUUUUUT
u already did
Epicmetalfreak: So what is a stereotypical brony?
KOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON
Evening gentlemen.
WE GOT ONE!!!!!
WE GOT OOOOOOOOOOOOOOONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
that discretion
HERE WE GO
"Discrete"
So am I actually, no one knows
THE CALL!
SLIMER TIME
ello Combustiblelemons, how are ya?
WE GOT OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
WE'VE GOT ONE!
Only one
PAAAAAAAAAAAARTY CANON
/me CUE THEME
anti bronies just don't know what they're missing
And no one probably cares anyway
FUN POLE TIME!
surviving, you?
GODDAMN I LOVE THIS SCENE
PINKIE PIE PARTY!
So much fun in one slide!
dat car
wanted to do that since I was a kid
HELL YES PARTY LIKE PINKIE PIE:P
I still say having lights like that is illegal.
lol party wargon
Meanwhile: you're not wrong
goost hotel
Its the FBI partay van
Soulero: PArty Vogon?
/me Oh, i never leave without my PARTY CANNON! ---Pinkie Pie
Fuck legalities it's the ghost bustas
discrete as fuck
Combustiblelemons!
siren sounds like a dieing cat
Fl00t4hSh41 party van
hows it going meanwhile? :P
Combustiblelemons: Frankly it kinda sucks but I'll get over it. How're you?
Soulero: Hey now, lets not bring the FBI into this
dem proton packs
some coacroach
Fl00t4hSh41... so you know my secret...
Imagine a serious take on this genre?
Bite yer head off
Is this some sort of cameo?
Surviving. and sorry to hear
I blame me, I should've tested it
°-°
hi
shuffle shuffle
I miss the original cartoon series of this
lol
hi Sonny
squeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Hi, Sonny. :)
Sundaysmile: me too
hi
Holy shit, o forgot those things are nuclear powered:D
yes because there is a specific license for carrying a nuclear accelerator
SQUEE
*i
they even had a cthulhu episode
:3
So he wants him to turn him on? ;)
http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mbg64p5Qcj1rx8ktp.gif
what is this
Egon had fantastic hair in the cartoon.
back lol
OP OP OP
lol
OPPA GANGNAM STYLE
what? No Elevator Music?
puff.... seriously?
LOL
there may be a ghost busters 3 if anyone's interested.
man they are trigger happy lol
IKR, he had that crazy pompadour.
What came first about Ghostbuster?
MAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIID
:D
Take that you filthy maid!
Sorry we shot you with lasers.
NO LEMON PLEDGE!!!!
TRIVIA! They didn't tell her about the explosives inher cart.
Well not as scary as CAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT
"We thought you were a ghost maid"
Thats what I think about the room service!
And the maid would later sue them, according to the game
Wait. No-one had ever INVENTED or evenPOSTULATED a Nuclear Accellerator before. SO WHY WOULD THEY NEED A LICENCE?
Nail... NAAAAAIIIL
such an incredible line
okaton: seriously?
such as which the police would pull you over and say "sir do you have a licence for the nuclear accelerator?" and they would pull out an instantly recognisable nuclear accelerator license
Slimer!
nomnomnomnom
Ghost Maid LOL
ew
SLIMER!
daaaaaw aint he cuuuuute
Venkman, i saw him, i saw him!
nomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnom
Slimer is John Belushi's ghost
lol
Peter: "You shoot a proton stream at somebody and they get all sue happy! We didn't even burn her! There was some redness, some redness."
Kencolt: The weapons grade plutonium that powers the proton packs?
where the hell does the food go?
Pewpewpew
maybe, to the portal fridge?
bazing
lol poke
NOW YOU'RE THINKING
It goes through him, you see it.
Hi everypony
WITH PORTALS
kill it with fire!
Hi, Ankano_BrOnyxia. :)
hi Ankano_BrOnyxia
SirGanjalf I think he died in 81 or 82
SirGanjalf: lemme check, because I know that for a fact
yes ray, this is dog.
Run
AARGGHHUUUUUAAAAAAHHHHHHH
And then it hurt him.
COME ON, AND PLAY
yeah won't hurt you
and then totally ironically it hurts him
:O
scare the HELL out of you though
not really
"He slimed me."
he slimed me..
he got sliiiiiimed
:D
Ghost bukkakke
Thats great!
I got slimed
dat slim
:D
HE SLIMED ME :D
otakon: Not unless you count Slimed as hurt
sexiest scene in the film
Fl00t4hSh41: doesn't count as hurt
SOOOOOOOO WRONG
Maaaaaaaaaaaaaan I'm so high right now
just...startled
save some for me
I feel soooooo funky
otakon: Could be toxic slime
is that Cleese?
The goggles, they do something!
Lil_B no
Soulero: second one IMO
Barbetos he kinda looked like him :/
He is not in this movie, or atleast not credited as having been in it.
Dark92Enigma-: well, thats a matter of opinion
lol
Dont cross the streams!
mmm cinnamon roll.
Dont cross the livestreams, or you get the buffer
so bad it will blow up a giant molecule guy
First rule of the Ghost Busting: DON'T CROSS THE STREAMS
Kinda bad
SCIENCE
*marshmellow guy
Dont cross the streams
So many memes made bc of that
thanks egon
and now, ducks
Second rule of ghost busting: DON'T CROSS THE STREAMS
hey
Soulero: i would tell you the most sexiest line, but that would be spoiling
oh no the cake!
Slimer!
Crossing the memes on the other hand...
No crossing the streams? Not even in a public toilet?
lol nice shooting
aim : 0%
After being attacked, slimer goes back to eating. Slimer has the memory of a goldfish apparently.
Dark92Enigma-: ive seen the film brole
Fl00t4hSh41: That's especially forbidden
Yeah
Third rule of ghost busting: DON'T CROSS THE STREAMS
Set your guns to miss!
The flowers are still standing!
fail
Magic.
SirGanjalf: But else are you going to use a two man urinal?
fail
Close enough.
pony_300, no, a goldfish has the memory of a slime
2nd rule, don't look into the trap
Well played.
dat growl
I LOOKED AT THE TRAP RAY
and then their souls were sucked out
I wonder what it looks like.
Egon went blind for looking into the trap
pokeball
WE CAME, WE SAW, WE KICKED ITS ASS!!!
yeah!
Guy looks kinda like John Cleese
best line ever
You caught Slimer!Do you wanna give slimer a nickname?
Maybe because of "Fawlty Towers"
VINI, VIDI, KICKASSIA
Yes! Slimer was caught! Would you like to give Slimer a nickname?
SirGanjalf: It's the british
J_E_Smith71:D
SirGanjalf: They all look alike
5000 money!
and song!
because theyve done this so many times, they have a scale to how nasty the ghosts are
J_E_Smith71: Pokemon FTW
THIS THEME!
the song is starting...
It costs 5000 dollars to keep this ghost... for 12 seconds!
THE SONG IS STARTING!
/me dances to the theme
what if this movie didn't show any of the ghosts for the whole movie?
montage time!
Free soy piglet!
woo
MYTHBUSTERS!
larry king
BOAST BUSTERS!
LUIGI!
love this song
GHOSTBUSTESR
GHOST NAPPA!
look how young larry king is!?
I love this movie. Science victorious!
Ghost Fever... that could have been Title for something
indeed
HE-MAN!
that Kasey Kasem!
Dark92Enigma-: wrong movie
hi
Who you gonna call?
Them drawings on the Atlantic
Lil_B: would have been a good name for the sequel?
otakon: we're on the right movie......
oh come on that was a brilliant play on words
lol
she is octavia?
Dark92Enigma-: no we aren't, HE-MAN isn't until 2
get it?
oh THIS dream
dat scene:D
otakon: you expect me to say.........GHOST NAPPA
And then this
I think in one of those shots they didn't have the permit to film so there was a police guy chasing them
I didn't get it the FIRST time I saw this
Dark92Enigma-: don't cross the streams !
Oh mai!
Oh My~
Lil_B: oh, your idea's better
J_E_Smith71: eeyup
Ghost blowjob! Woo! Woo! Woo!
GHOST BLOWJOB!
oh my..
Welp.
EEYUP
:D
well I'll let this happen.
vegeta?vegeta?vegeta?vegeta?vegeta? ... I'm haunting you
me gusta
Best haunting ever
roflolol
http://i.imgur.com/Lg64A.jpg
I didn't get that scen when I was a kid
Fl00t4hSh41: :D
otakon: Good. :D
lol
that interview
otakon and now...........?
otakon: Yeah I though his pants were coming off for the hell of it
the token black guy
HIRED!
Winston is best token black guy
J_E_Smith71: yeah
ohhh, getting banged by a ghost?
pony_300: no just a BJ
I keep forgetting Sumi doesn't do the Euro stream most of the time. I was about to put in Mica for an Oh Mai for that scene
:)
brb again need a drink
rofl: wonder if the person called that one in
would you?
wait a second... princess candence and princess celestia are sisters! but... princess candese was like, 16 pony years old when she was babysitting twilight
J_E_Smith71: Wait, putting in Mica gets the Oh my?
haha ditch that dweeb, billl murray is awesome
Speaking of drinks, shandy time for me
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAH probably not
AJIsAwesome: I believe so
so princess celestias parents are obviously still alive
Soulero: Cadence is Celestia's niece.
is she?
then how is she a princess?
yes she is
Who knows.
i think?
That's what I heard.
Sumica=Yay, Sumi=WHOA, Mica=Oh Mai
Alchemist, yes, there are a few written sources
I think that's right
srly how is she a princess?
Gozer!
ZOUL
RainbowAsh: but is it mentioned in the series?
AJIsAwesome: Still implies that Celestia has relatives we don't know about
don't mess with the BULL GOZER!!
zuul!
Soulero : Maybe it's like an Adventure Time thing,where they have a bunch of princesses
Soulero, how about you don't question it and wait and see
mlp makes no sense! its like they are making it up as they go along! is mlp the new lost?
Fl00t4hSh41: Precisely.
If Zuul is dutch, I can understand the Gozer part...Oh hoh hoh...
Alchemist, no. Blueblood is Celestia's nephew, though
Smooth.
Maybe Cadance is Bluebloods sister?
is there some overlying story arc that is developing right under our noses?
Hey, everyone!
Soulero: Here's an idea: Let's let the show explain itself.
Zuul and Gozer are... sumerian?
friendzoned.
Hi, Reactor. :)
Yeah, really. Wait for the show to explain all that. And if they never do then...*shrug*
Soulero: oh gosh I thought you were serious
Fl00t4hSh41, that would explain why Cadence was eager to get away from home to babysit
i love trap
and Mr Peck
i mean traps
RainbowAsh: We don't know if he was as bad as a colt as he was adult
lol
LYRA!
ahhhh ghost! *zaps Lyra*
watch out lyra, they'll think you're a ghost!!!
lyra what are you doing?
RainbowAsh: She could have babysat him as he grew up
:o
Dat customer service
he has no dick
I see Lyra swimming out of nowhere
doctor who
Soulero: AJIsAwesome is right, let's wait and see
?
oh come on of course they wont explain it
Soulero: How do you know?
Uh-uh-uh, you didn't say the magic word!
please
Fl00t4hSh41, I can't really imagine Blueblood as unspoiled, though.
0,5Hey ther ROvah
0,5Come on ovah
DAT BaconMane :)
PLEASE?
with CHERRY ON TOP
hi BaconMane
Wonder if Egon or Ray would have done this differently. Like would they have shown Peck the stuff or acted the way Peter did
RainbowAsh: Maybe its BECAUSE of her babysitting he behaves so spoiled
when have they ever gotten that deep in an mlp episode AJIsAwesome ?
Ray and Egon would've shown it all off proudly.
what if Luna was cadance and blueblood's mom?
Twinkie¬
Like if they would have pissed Peck off to get the C&D warrent
Here comes the Twinkie
thats a big twinkie
You know, for as much a peck Peck is; he's not really wrong here. Nuclear accelerators? That's gotta be a radiation hazard.
thats a big twinkie
i want that twinkie!
Soulero: How about the Zap Apple Jam episode?
dats a BIG twinkie
THAT'S A BIG TWINKIE
http://ponybot.net/pix/832.jpg
why its reminds me of "TWILY!!"
big twinkie
:D
RainbowAsh: Maybe the way he behaves is simply an act to scare away all the golddiggers who must come after him
PLAY ME OFF PAUL
Ooh, I had my first Twinkie the other day. They're nice.
back when twinkies were TWINKIES
RainbowAsh: Like rarity
per day
AJIsAwesome: that derails my argument so it doesnt count
I don't think we get twinkies here.
we dont
but i tell you what
we don't either
I don't like twinies.
twinkies are god damn wonderful
woof
I've never had a twikie either
i don't even know what a twinkie is...
:D
LordDerpington: ever had a fried twinkie...that is almost death XD
what do they taste like?
I dont even know what twinkies are, but I have heard the name before.
they are soo tasty
its papaer machee. :D
Soulero: i guess it's up to the audience to figure that out
Fl00t4hSh41, it's all possible, we just don't have enough informations to conclude any of that, though.
Bogy: Yellow sponge cake with creme filling
obv
yeah
oh my god I haven't had a twinkie in like 12 years
Chrysalis: don't rub it in
Cream sponge cake.
I WENT THROUGHT THE
so like a chocolate ecaire?
Chrysalis: true
Sounds alright.
DANGER ZONE
Chrysalis: What about Hershey bars?
and locked out
Locked out
suck
again
seriously
just realizes; LOVE TRIANGLE
RainbowAsh: Neither do we have any evidence to the contrary
oh..kay and is it good? :D
Combustiblelemons: it's lighter and fluffier not nearly as heavy
realized
Bogy: A Twinkie is basically a sponge cake filled wth vanilla cream. It used to be banana cream until WW2, when most bananas were diverted to the US Military.
GONNA TAKE YOU RIGHT INTO THE DANGER ZOOOOOOOOOOOONE
Damn it ninja'd by Ryunosuke
hell even the god damn french do it better than you
and BRICK JOKE
Is the Stream down? I'm pressing refresh, bute it won't even load the Stream Window :/
lol
Poor Rick
aaaand ghost
I'll get one when i head into the states next year :P
Lil_B: No it's up.
Lil_B: refresh, clear cache all that happy jazz
somebody shrunk the kiiiiiids
i can't believe i just said the french do something better than someone else
Fl00t4hSh41, that is true.
Lil_B, try f5
Chrysalis: wine?
So the keymaster constantly locks himself out of his appartment?
Chrysalis: cheese?
Chrysalis: Giving up?
13Chrysalis: they're really great at surrendering
toast
dat herdmind
Lil_B: Ask the streamer for a direct link via PM and they'll give you one
....
Now I
Chrysalis: art?
Back from eating pizza! :$
I'm offended
suprisingly the french have more victories than defeat
Soulero: What about Hearth's Warming Eve?
art is useless
Give up on what?
thank you Chrysalis
Chrysalis: What about Ghirardelli Chocolate Company? (Although it says there a US division of a Swiss company)
Chrysalis: conquering people?
TAKE OFF YOUR BLOUSE, AND YOUR OOOOOONDAPANTS
you can get paid for art.
bread!
oh no its a lyra ghost
Chrysalis: cooking? Wait no, that's us :D
TRIVIA! The actor's doing this scene were originally afraid of hurting Ms. Weaver or grabbing her in inappropriate places. She told thme not to worry so much about it.
ZUUUUUUUUUL
Chrysalis And still everybody only remembers the defeats
we taught the french how to cook dmanit
Chrysalis: but the Al Bundy joke is so much fun
LYRA
ZUUUUUUUUUUUUUUL MOTHERFUCKER ZUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUL
lol
toast....with butter
lyra ;)
Oppa gangnam style
those hands
MadSurge: italian cuisine have taken over the whole world indeed
grope hands
zuul
Welp.
ZUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUL COCKSUCKING MOTHERRFUCKER ZUUUUUUUUUUUUUUL
rape her !
raped by couch?
.........
Chrysalis: no
So many weird boners were had when I first saw this scene.
No rape jokes, please.
Raping time~
Saigneur: NO
ZUUL MOTHERFUCKER ZUUL
CrimsonPhoenix: NO
One of those hands was certainly copping a feel
fuck yo couch
Alchemist: because we make everything delicious :3
it really did
Fl00t4hSh41: IKR? :D
This scene scarced the hell out of me, same with the Zull dogs
Disco fever!
MadSurge: by we, you mean the sauces you use?
He needs to shutup
ok, and moving on from that
dat music
AJIsAwesome: they're gonna... put a wet finger in her ear! D:
He is not a suave man.
MadSurge: :D
It's not rape, it's mind control. Or possession.
still better than dubstep.
BURN BABY BURN!
burn baby burn!
Meanwhile: thats the point
xD
LYRABUSTERS
Suddenly Lyra out of nowhere
BURN BABY BURN
cowvarkian: I know, but he's still not.
Nyst: possession
HEY! Thats how I dance. dud stole my style!
Meanwhile: I know you know, I was just saying it, because I was pointing it out
...
Who brought the dog?
Well, he is a brave man for getting onto the dance floor in a crowd like that
WHAT DOG SOUNDS LIKE THAT?
MadSurge: I don't like tomato sauce ._.
cowvarkian: I know you know that I know, I'm just being facetious.
Meanwhile: I know
Zuuuul muthafuqa!
'zuuuuuul
and ofc being New York
awwhat a cute doggy
NO ONE tries to help him
cowvarkian: touché
who let the dogs out? twick question is let itself out
oh, it's me, come here medor
I want that puppet
CARAMEL!
RUN!
There's a Caramel in his apartment
wat.
lol
:D early CG
suddenly, desktop ponies.
That woman was like "Abandon thread"
LET ME IN!
lol priorities
Courtesy of Meanwhile, right here http://i.imgur.com/h0DWd.jpg
SOMEBODY LET ME IN!
Alchemist: It's not CG, its greenscreened stop motion
Dark92Enigma: :D
This scene is so scary.
cowvarkian: so does my brother :D
poor bastard
lol
high society don't give a f***
itI wonder why it's passing up everybody else just to get to that specific guy
nice one meanwhile xD
Nyst: agreed and NO ONE GIVES a shit
lol
Meanwhile: Nice one. :D
pony_300: bc he lives in the apartment
Really, so many people and noone sees you. That's nightmare stuff.
Nyst: this is meant to be scary?
how do they not notice this!?
...
pony_300: he's "marked" I should say
And no one cared.
and not a care was given
And nobody gave a buck
BladedWings|Away: they don't care
THEY'RE EATING HIM
that feel when you get pinged 1000 times every night meanwhile.
otakon: true
AND THEN THEY'RE GOING TO EAT ME
and no buck was given that day
Yeah. Not 'jump' scary, but this deep creeping scary.
AND NOW, THEY'LL EAT ME
OH MY GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
caramel
They're all like "stupid unwashed filth".
Combustiblelemons: It doesn't happen as often as you'd think surprisingly.
ahh, was guessing something like that, buy didn't see anything denote that yet
but
Somebody brought a Caramel to the party and it went berserk.
ohai
lol
hell yes
are you the keymaster?
suddenly, sexytime
XD
<3
awww
lol
hehe
XD
so sexy
*sad faic* :P
caramel sad at door closing
Yeees.
WHY DIDN'T ANYONE RECORD THAT?
Venkman, when someone asks you if you're the Keymaster, you say YES!
it was PERFECT
goldish memory possessed woman
Seriously I swear the Desktop Ponies have minds of their own
There is a caramel in the apartment...
my stream froze :/
TROGDOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOr
Chrysalis: burninate the cottages?
moo
What was Gozer thinking when he choose the guy who always locks himself out of his appartment as his keymaster?
Chrysalis: he's a man...no a dragon man...no a DRAGON!
Moo
but still
Ms. Tangerine, you're trying to seduce me..........
hes TROGDOOOOOOOOooor
=_=
She's wearing curtains
/me depressed again
this is the least sexy moment in teh film
O_o
Soulero: norly
for kids!
...........
oh lol
I'm pretty sure it's taking advantage of someone if they're possessed by demonic beings from beyond this dimension.
i never got that joke before
Dat sex talk
...
YOU KNOW, 4 KIDS
Meanwhile: and THAT is why he doesn't do it.
only zuul
Venkman. The world's only ETHICAL letcher.
ONLY ZUUL
Kencolt: eeyup :)
There is no banshee only ZUUUUL!
....
Kencolt: as far as you know
otakon: painting between watching, and my sister made a comment about my painting.
lol
ZUUL
convinced
lyra possessed her
She also has alien.
I'd love a woman talking that deep :D
I AM NOT DANA ANYMORE
This guy has some really surprising self-control for a guy
its like prometheus!
pinkiespice: don't be depressed bc she didn't like it, just means you have room for improvement
Things like to get inside that actress in movies.
weirdest boner right now
otakon: at this rate i might as well become a tattoo artist. =_=
THE TRANSFORMATION IS COMPLETE
Damnit lyra, get out of there, this is a private seance
There is no Dana. Only ZUUL MOTHERFUCKER
Soulero: she has an eagle pecking out her kidneys?
UMM
THIS ISNT EVEN HER FINAL FORM!!!
pinkiespice: nothing wrong with that either, just working with a different canvas
*liver
holy mother of celestia
Barbetos: if only Alien 3 never happened
Boner? You have some 'splainin to do!
otakon: no, she likes it, and thinks it would make a great tattoo. =_=
floating
ZUUL MOTHERFUCKER ZUUUUUUUUUUUL
must make for awquard sex
nope.
otakon: its the tattoo part that bothers me. -_-
MadSurge: don't be silly, there was no Alien 3.
shock
randome pony
MadSurge, I'm ok with Alien 3.... Alien 4 on the other hand :(
MadSurge: What Resurection then?
Meanwhile: agreed :3
Floating ponies too o_o
pinkiespice: isn't that a good thing? if your painting impressed her enough she wouldn't mind it permanently bonded to her body I think you should be happy.
Rarity!
SUDDENLY PONIES!
ponies
he sad
lol talking horse
WHY ARE YOU PULLING THAT CART LIKE A MULE?
Hi Rarity
Fl00t4hSh41: that one is funny ridiculous at least
nice pickup line
i'm not whining i a mcomplaining
<.<
lol
huh.
for a horse
Sleeping on da nose.
I think this was the night 50 more positions were added to the khama sutra
HE SURVIVED?
You will perish in flames.
Meanwhile: no u
You might wanna get some Clear Eyes Louis
That poor lady =(
What an ICE-Hole
Everytime that makes me sad
She was just trying to get some cans
That would have made an interesting twist if the horse was the gatekeeper
And that ass hole destroyed her bag!
Dark92Enigma: He got possesed
I hope they go into why the two possessed victims have such distinct personalities
There's a lot of things we're into
RainbowAsh: theres probably a fanfic for that
i'm the gatekeeper
Barbetos: I guess you could say that was a........cans.wav.
RainbowAsh: :D
pinkie sense test?
mlp stole the hat
AJIsAwesome: BA DUM TSS
pony_300, hummmmmm it's best to not think too far in that
AJIsAwesome I blame... Ghost? We have to get... a Ghost buster?? GETIT!?
HA!
Giant slor.
Barbetos: o u
cowvarkian, probably
i like mashmellows
Barbetos: :P
otakon: she wants a tattoo of the tree in http://imgur.com/lNJy6
wat
The depths of the slor.
they glued electronics stuff to a noodle sieve
lol
no shit sherlock!
depths of slor is best depths
gatekeeper possesses the bumbling goof, becomes a bumbling goof similar it's possession. On the otherhand the keymaster turns into a horny nympho
i think he's totally normal...
pinkiespice: dude that's kick ass looking man
I kind of see the two possessed victims' apparent difference to be symptomatic of their environment... aka hsots
pizza on the face are the best pizza
pinkiespice, you drew that? It's awesome
YOU ARE GOING TO THAI
yes. :U
300cc's
how much is that?
RainbowAsh: yes i did. :U
Dark92Enigma: I want to thai
doesn't it only like take 10cc's to knock someone out?
cowvarkian: :D
otakon: its 300 of them
guys
Sonny: Im one of those
I gtg I'm geeting a haircut :D
is ahe panting
be back later
<3
Bye, Sonny. :D
Sonny: you're greeting a haircut?
bye Sonn....gone
bye
bye Sonny
oppa Jesus Style
bye Sonny
jesus style
so like they have the same personality, but they're just acting the way the other would in that body
OPPA JESUS STYLE
Strange, isn't it?
cc means cubic centimeter?
Bye Sonny
Zombies?
otakon: Which says something about what Pete had to administer-- and note how fast she was breathing.
Dark92Enigma: opan
*oppan
Kencolt: yeah she's burning through it damn fast
And the clouds moved ALL ON THEIR OWN!
play some music eh?
MOOD LIGHTEN GO!
Barbetos: by the gods
cowvarkian: oh, ok sorry
T_T_T_T_T_T__Tension breaker
it's horrifying!
:O scary
oh crap
MOOD WHISLAP
should have been blues brothers soundtrack
and mr peck is back
it's PECKER
Oh hey it's this douche.
pecker is one hell of a bad name.
OH HAI ICE-HOLE
i know what heppendes
Combustiblelemons: actually his name is Peck
i know otakon
and who?
a riddle?
and da hell
Combustiblelemons: thats a name
PRIVATE property
and she's seen TV
indeed it is.
Meanwhile: he's even grumpier than you! :P
Well now the world is screwed!
prick for the sake of being a prick it seems
MadSurge: Oh hey surge!
cool
MadSurge: No he isn't.
cuddly_kittehs: :D hi
Meanwhile: no, no he isnt
Turning off the strange nuclear powered machine you know nothing about might be a bad idea?
NewSuperBronyU: Your name was Superbrony64 last night....and now its not?
otakon: oringally the tree wasn't going to be dark, but the depression I got on wensday changed that
shut it off
Don'
its the same jackass character from die hard 1 and 2, that annoying reporter
Your opinion is worthless here! this is the internet!
Alchemist: arent all reporters annoying?
Alchemist: Why keep the same annoying charter TWICE?
His moustache needs more handle bar
dummies!
he does the prick-role well
otakon: the depression i had on wensday*
pinkiespice: still man it's a good looking work, you should be proud. I can't draw worth a shit nowadays and at best I could freehand copy
BOOM
DON'T shut it off.......DON'T pull the trigger, DON'T fall like a corpse
pinkiespice: did you get the depression just on wednesday, or what
IT'S A TRAP
*have
music time
RUN AWAY!
GHOSTSPLOSION!
Great. You put it into Rave mode
NICE JOB ASSHOLE
night of the living bomb
DJ! SPIN THAT SHIT!
Why not bring back disco too
Jerk
panic!
Snort.
Inb4 Best Song in movie
PLAY US OFF DJ-PON3
magic. *snort* *snort*
cowvarkian: I ment thursday XD Went to a job fair interview, and they didn't even bother with me
oh god people would freak the fuck out post-9/11
pinkiespice: who be they?
cowvarkian: I rather not say. >_>
lol
pinkiespice: mmk
"Your mother!"
Your Mother!
YOUR MOTHER
what a dick
Sign = Caused by Government = NOSTRADAEMUS WHERE ARE YOU!?
That Stay Puft billboard
I predict a riot.
cowvarkian: but apperntly they didn't bother with me because they still had the record for my first applacaiton and interview from a few years ago
I love all those old-school special effects.
look at what you'v done goverment
HEEERE'S THE SOGN
Well now you fucked up.
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/7/28/CIngYHnsoEGSm7EFzGS9Gw2.jpg
pinkiespice: huh
Summon David Bowe. Violate several enviromental laws. Sounds about right.
It's time to Giggle at the Ghosties
you IDIOTS, YOU TOLD HIM TO SHUT IT OFF, AND NOW YOU SAY IS HIS FAULT? FUCK YOU!
Just a typical New York cabbie. No one will tell the difference
hahahahhahahahahhaaha
Nom
LARRY KING, NO!
huh, that corpse was british?
0,5Cackle at the um
Fl00t4hSh41: It's NOT nuclear powered-- it ran off general power grid native to NY. Peck shut down the power.
hahaha:D
SLIMER!
pinkie pie is best ghost buster.
DoctoDoctorWho wants to watch g 3.6
I think they called it a laser containment system.
Kencolt: They said the powergrid wasn't good enough for their needs when they moved in
yea it's their packs which are nuclear "accelerated"
Kencolt: So they must run it off one of their own reactors, like their proton packs
life is like a video game ghost have hacks
Fl00t4hSh41: And they upgraded... this movie is NOT meant to make sense.
both
SCIENCE
brb need a monster energy :D
i do not!
WHAT HAS SCIENCE DONE?
Oh I studied. I want you to pretend.
Silly.
We have to...Giggle at them.
how did they get a blueprint in prison?
what movie is this?
Sundaysmile: magic
Austin: star wars
Kinky
It would have been so awesome if they ever met that Torben guy
Austin dead peot society
ooooh, never seen this one
Sundaysmile: One of the other inmates smuggled it in for them
a ritual on the roof, sounds crazy no?
RainbowAsh: You mean Tobin?
Its really Host Busters.
toast rusters
i like the world thow :(
IT'S THE END OF THE WORLD AS WE KNOW IT
Sundaysmile: With the prison economy being what it is you can get anything inside a jail
so they did it for Bill Murray? I'm cool with that
BIG difference.
it's the uhhhh Family Matters guy?
but star wars would be an idea for a movie... :D
I like the view
PHIL!
Hose Gusters
RainbowAsh: I know the feeling of typing something wrong you shouldn't
Dat roleplay.
LET'S GET IT ON!
initiate gate to key interface!
I am Sparticus.
AND THEN ALL THE SEXUAL HAPPENED
nice to meet you
oh mai
Gonna stick the key in the gate
damn
i am the random brony
good acting
he has the key to her gate-- AW DAMNIT I JUST GOT THAT ENTENDRE
J_E_Smith71: that's filthy
Rick's BEST PERFORMANCE
HE GONNA UNLOCK THE HELL OUTTA THAT GATE
THEY WERE MEANT TO BE <3
Suprised I didn't pick up on that sooner actually
INSERT THEME HERE
J_E_Smith71: lol I got it the first time I watched it
dickless
This man has no dick.
like, when I was 10
Yes it's true, this man has no dick.
lol
:D
On the censored TV versions, dickless was Wally Wick
Dickless.
worst insult ever.
They always cut that bit on TV, so he just attacks Peter when he says "it's true."
red paint
Bap.
Fap.
tides come in, tides go out, you might be able to explain that.
nap.
Trap
The priest just casually walks in without knocking, in the middle of a crisis meeting?
sap.
LordDerpington: Actually they redubbed Dickless as Wally Wick, and Peter said "This man is some kind of animal"
Clap
ClapTrap.
LOL
Whiter than he is.
Its like Kindergarden all over again!
So, this is the CENSORED version
Dark92Enigma: No it's not
J_E_Smith71: I've never seen that version. The one they showed on Channel 5 (UK) a few months ago was a real hack-job.
nope
he has seen shit which will turn him even asian!
DOGS AND CATS LIBING TOGETHER
J_E_Smith71: oH, it's even better
living*
Dogs and cats togetheR? Thats just insane!
Peck was like "Not dog and cats!"
dogs andcats living together! MASESTARIA
black man doesn't like the sound of this proposal
J_E_Smith71: lol that's still funny somehow
lol
he is
dogs and cats live together?
Ahh politics.
Politics....
Dark92Enigma: I was just saying how they censored the Dickless line on certain TV showings
He said millions. That man could run for president.
the EPA, ladies and gentlemen
guns.... for ghosts
oh guns will work fine
Bye
Oh yes, bullets can definitly hurt ghosts
EPA, EPA, EPAAAAAA
^^
EPA! EPA! EPAAAAAAAAAAA!
yes
Rarity will be on screen in a moment
Barbetos : "Remember how i saved the town fromghosts?Vote for me!"
:)
this movie shaped the next 40 years of EPA's public perception
J_E_Smith71: Oh, ok :)
All the religions
i gat the gient crackers and cholclice
so ready for Sweetie Belle
Did I miss the Buffer Show?
what is EPA?
Saaaavin the day.
80's movies had the best music
so ready for thackerzod
what 300 said.
how about the simpsons movie for the next time :D
And then 20 years later after this movie we got FEMA
Yaaaaayyy!
pony_300: Environmental Protection Agency
this is a little too on the nose
Environmental Protection Agency Pony_300
EPA = Environmental Protection Agency
ahh
LYEA
dammit lyra
Enviromental Protection Agency. They're basically the pollution police.
lyra
er Lyra
in other words they suck suck
Damn keyboard
Who ya gonna call? GHOSTLYRA
or my typing
a movie shaped the impression of an agency? huuuuuuuurrrrggghhhhh.....
dat synth
New yorks smog problem must be worse than usual....
dat cloud
did one of the soliders have a proton pack machinegun XD
Morale of the movie? the EPA is run by morons
sometimes movies have a little TOO much influence
THIS IS IT, THE BOSS BATTLE
pony_300: yeah, so now when people imagine the EPA, they imagine Dickless
it's dragonshy all over again
adn tbh
EPA does not regulate power consumption, that is the energy dept
Bloody sinkholes.
fluttershy is awoken
i will come to your house and burn it with CombustibleLemons
:[
you called?
o/~ Saaavin the day o/~
i will come to your house and burn it with CombustibleLemons
ded movie over
I hate Ovaltine. What? He said over time? Oh.
no
lol
can't ping this.
pony_300: The Evnironmental Protection Agency. A US govt agency devoted to study, research, and licensing of any business's impact on the environment. Often criticised for taking the issue too far, and denying a store to be built because of possible negative impact on an already extinct mealworm... at least it seems that way at times.
You rang........?
ok?
that's kinda irrelevant
dat 80s synth.
HOSE GUSTERS!!
NOOOOOO
YeAAAH!!
So they survived? OK....At least iT'S not NUKING THE FRIDGE
lol
SB64 why you downgrade?
Knew i shouldnt play Saints Row too much, im guessing i missed... The entire movie?
stairs
now its time to kick @$$ and chew bubbel gam and i'm all out of @$$
Kencolt: sounds like a Simpsons episode... actually I think it was
stairs... the final boss
So, the street is collapsing, yet the cheering crowd is unfazed.
i miss 80s music. it was so cheesily charming.
spam the a and b buttons like hell
abababababbababababababababaaaaaaaaaaaaaababbabababababababa
That stairs part was so frustrating in the video game
oh God
It's a shame the recent game was so bad. At least on pc I mean. The port was bad to the point of being unplayable.
babababbabababbabababbababbabbabaabbabbababababbabababababaa
how many floors re their
hello everypony
Wut? The new game was great
where was Winston?
otakon: racism?
Hi, flutterchu.
the recent game sucked?! NUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
because limitations otakon
Meanwhile: racism.
flutterchu: hey :D
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/7/17/uowMFBWnIkO3lNf5qiic9g2.jpg
lol
otakon: i guess AVGN reviewed that game.......i'll check later
otakon: why are they still called the 3 musketeers when there's 4 of them/
because they can
Meanwhile: otakon RACISM......
they go up
New York city really should implement some kind of limits on cars in down town to deal with that smog problem....
Obvious question gets obvious answer.
Lyra!
fire your lazars at them
wacky waving arm flailing inflatable possessed people!
Doggies!
IMA FIRING MAH LAZOR!!!!!!!!!!
dam their ugly
she's a dog
They're.
Fuckin dogs.... call in Ryu Hayabusa
ZUUL's a SHE?
Time to enter... the scary door.
no
Oh, now i remember
otakon: or is it because they're 4gettable?
It's David Bowie!
it's Lilith from SMT
David Bowie!!
With the pyramid of light she is unstopable!
DAVID BOWIE
Go get her Ray!
lol
thelonepony: no it's not, not focusing on the crotch
go get her ray!
Quick! Hax with yugioh cards!
Damn you David Bowie! Always trying to destroy the world
no crotch bulge
not Bowie
So gozer is a crosshapeshifter
moopy was my freind in august bu then he changed his name and we barely talk i guess were not freinds anymore
Use your Blue Eyes!
ARE YOU A GOD?
Bah, he looked better in Labyrinth
YES
THEN
Yes.
DO YOU HAVE A LOZENGE?
revelant: http://derpibooru.org/48137?scope=scpe7a212a42525749c1da223829369ea7178511b828
DIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
08,01good evening
DIE
maybe
It would of worked if he put on a fedora and shades.
08,01i've just been to a brony meetup
There is a connection between this A movie and the B.............THE PYRAMID OF LIGHT
Then DIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
Meanwhile: will you be my freind?
DIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Howd it go?
was it any good?
08,01and i learned how to play Magic The Gathering
flutterchu: No.
If god=0 then "y" else if god=1 then "y".
never heard of it,.
08,01it was pretty cool, yeah
see, if that was Elisha? He would've said no. Then asked god to rain fireballs down on her.
She's a sith lord
08,01otakon: i think it's been going a bit longer than 3 years, hun
DONT CROSS THE STREAMS
GabeMoist: bitch please
croos the beams
08,01what's today's B?
/me force lightnings GabeMoist
Yugioh
ninja skills
CROSS THE STREAMS!
lol high heels
and next week is PowerPuff Girls
Gozer wears stilleto heels?
08,01oh!
Aim for the flat top!
eww
08,01CARD GAMES ON MOTORCYCLES!
also otakon Magic the gathering has been up for over 10 years I believe
08,01*ahem*
Flat top. Wait, he's not talking about her hair is he?
CARD GAMES ON MOTORCYCLES
08,01aw
CrimsonPhoenix: try the 80s
CrimsonPhoenix, more like 15 years by now
thats imposibel
yeah
pony83073: sadly, the dubbed one
well at least I said over
CARD GAMER ON MOTORCYCLES?!
really should warn just how feminine the stuff on there actually is
thats one big twinkie
damn. already seen the dubbed version
and then the crowd died
THAT'S A LOT OF FIIIIIIIIIIISH
its nearly mr creampuff time!!!!!
CHOOSE
btb
DISCORD
FLUTTERSHY
i chose mashmellow
cutest destroyer ever.
he chose rarity
RAY
But... Ray has already got an empty head, so if he tries to empty it...
and then Fluttershy would destroy us all
WHAT DID YOU DO RAY
were screwed
Inb4 Rarity
MEGARARITY!
dammit
I never reeally understood this ending. Gozer or whatever makes this choice thing, and then goes away? Doesn't feel like it was beaten, more like Gozer didn't feel like messing with them anymore
Mega-rarity gooooo
:o
LOOK! It's MEGA RARITY!
MR. STAYPUFF
SHE'S FABULOUS
best line delivery ever.
pony_300, I guess he did what he came to do
pony_300: It's Gozer's Destructor Form
mashmellowy goodness
http://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/5/4/p1LGdY1v4EuL66RTvUL1sQ2.jpg
Where's godzilla when you need him?
Combustiblelemons: Not as much as this one.
Fl00t4hSh41: we need FISH, stat!
OF COURSE
ohhh. So beating Staypuff means they beat Gozer?
Egon's line here is PERFECT.
Dark92Enigma: I don't think MEGARARITY will go for fish
yum
its a 200ft tall rarity?
pony_300: Yep. The explain it further in the video game
why you need thought
Fl00t4hSh41: nO, to call on GODZILLA
NOBODY STEPS ON THE CHURCH
Chrysalis, now I want a crossover pic
mother puss bucket
go butt stallion!
NOT ON MY CHURCH
kill it with fire!
Random pony.
I always see people stepping on churches in my town, it's a shame people aren't more responsible
lol
couple of bunkerbusters, that thing would be trashed
Damnit caramel, we're in the middle of a climax here, get out of the frame!
god damn bill
like give a hoot, don't step on churches
yeah thats good
pony_300: That's because Gozer let them choose the form and Ray randomly thought of Stay Puft marshmellows
good enough
CROSS THE STREAMS! EVEN WHEN SOME OF US MIGHT BE CRUSHED
WE MUST CROSS THE STREAMS
inb4buffer
Bronystate crosses over with Haxmega
It destroys the internet
haxmega?
crossing streams are fun
:$
Boom.
I'm melting!
a firework!
Combustiblelemons: Another pony streamer
:o
ITS RAINING RARITY!!!!!
oh.
ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, right, they did beat Gozer directly
thought this was the only one
my memory of this ending is totally wrong
HEART HEART HEART
i ate good that day
Rarity goo everywhere!
everyone came
HEART HEART HEART
Combustiblelemons: There's several, but this is the big one
all that bukake
EAT MY HEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAART!
rarity :'(
indeed.
Eeeeeewwww.
Ryunosuke no
Rarity, WHAT HAVE WE DONE......
tasty tasty bukkake
rarity everywhere
:o
Yeah, If I were in the same position I would have thought of Fluttershy or something.
08,01Ryunosuke: ...
I wanted to make a Rarity 'came' joke, but someone already did
Kencolt, I'm with you
Combustiblelemons: Hax only streams during new eps I think, unlike here where's there's almost always something going on
lyra
he is all clean lol
You alright?
that's one big smore
RAY, TOO SOON
swiming in marshmellow
Kencolt: oh, thanks for the enlightment :)
Actually, considering her taste in hats, tat might be thye Brulee'...
A giant Pinkie Pie would be my choice for the world to end.
push him off
She lives!
no, chocolate rain!
I'd prefer trollestia if I really had to chose the end of the world
or ways out of soap :3
I'd prefer Pinkie
she's alive........she's ALIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIVE!!!!!!!!!!
And then he went on to shrink children
ASoftFluffyThing, that's a giant Pinkie
Siggie: "Where am I?" "You're history"
Sundaysmile, EXTERMINATE
this makes me want to watch zombieland
...
give me your brain tissue
ok
it's the ending pegasi
So the moral of the movie is that nuclear exlosions solve smog problems?
the end would be so hilarious. Gotcha! *trolololololololololol* No I won't send you to the moon.... I'll bring the moon to you! *trololololololololol*
EHO YOU GONNA CALL
Conglaturation!!! You have completed a great game. And prooved the justice of our culture. Now go and rest our heroes!
last time i watched it was... a cup of years... dunno but a long time
^^
i wonder how many in here know what the tunguska blast is
You got something in your hair there.
BOAST BUSTERS!!!!!
I do
i heard it's good for your hair.
Ghost Nappa!
dat forced kiss
xD
BOASTGUSTERS
and suddenly they're all pretty clean
toast busters
:3
Boast busters?
Dark_Horst: We're all nerds here, so I'd guess most of us
Ghost Nappa!
Toast tusslers.
oh @!$# a ghost
GoatseBusters!
BOAT STURGES
MadSurge: .........
Fl00t4hSh41: point
ohai its lord helmet
/me slaps MadSurge "No."
just realised
wait I forget the H
MadSurge - no, bad brony.
ASoftFluffyThing: I deserved that
He gets the Asylum
Boats Thurges!
they aint afraid of no goats
Dark_Horst: Bessides, Morokenweg was bigger
/me 11,01explodes
i love this song
MadSurge, yes you did.
Hai Nitty
hey Nittany_Discord
Hands up, who wanted a proton pack as a kid?
/me dusts up Nittany_Discord
i did.
Nittany_Discord: ........Hello?
/me jiggies with the musice
Nyst: Yep, that's why I got the toy one
I ain't 'fraid of no ghosts
hi Nittany_Discord
* puts hand up
Hi Nittany_Discord
/me raises the hoof
I HAVE THAT T-SHIRT
dear princess celestia: today i learned who you gotta call
/me sprays Bronysith with a bottle of water, bad sith
11,01I feel fluffy and sticky now.
Nyst: I wasn't a kid when I saw this first...
i dont know there phone number :'(
Oh wrong cartoon
this reminds me
/me cleans Nittany_Discord
J_E_Smith71: I never got the toy, but I figured I'd just make a pack when I grew up into an adult :)
it's 711
Nittany_Discord: You feeling okay? :)
watch out for incoming ghozer!!!
wut
Fl00t4hSh41: true. but that one didnt attract as many ufo nuts^^
*applause*
*applauds*
:)
yo caramel
Oh Hai Caramel
11,01I'm fine.
Dark_Horst: Pitty that
One of my favorite movies ever
"applauds"
dat heardmind Bogy
Now my take on it: Like "Holy Grail" its charm is in referencing a mature world of slightly twisted forces, keeping some constant. Its a familiar place, naturally found. Its that natural access that makes it so endearing. Nothing is forced; no one is trying very hard. They go there easily and we do as well. Action and comedy relief combine perfectly, making it a masterpiece 8,2/10
ZUUUUL/10
Hey Caramel! Down in Front!
ASoftFluffyThing: not sure if Homestuck ref
That's a Big Twinkie/10
10/10
clap clap clap good show :)
Good movie. Good movie.
I love that movie. I don't think I'll ever tire of it.
Somewhere in my collection I still have the GHostbuster tabletop RPG. Had some interesting mechanics.
10/10
Too Many Things to Quote/10
I'VE BEEN SLIMED/10
Dickless/10
random pony 10?10
8.9/10 it was funny, thats about it
Fl00t4hSh41: there was even that one theory of a blackhole having formed right in our orbit, shot through the planet and colapsed ont he other side
Keymaster/10
there is no zalgo, only zuul
Annie Potts/10
11/10
slimed/10
10/10
Definitely in the mood for a mallow now
EPIC MUSIC
Elvis/10
toasted mallow
Proton Pack/10
346346/0,5
:)
Dark_Horst: Should be possible to make a good theory about the an ancient nuclear exchange with the crater as the evidence
Im gonna pass the next movie. might check back later. Lurk mode on.
Gatekeeper/Keymaster
00,10hmmmmmm~
I got a wagon wheel on standby Sundaysmile
274632874583265949721345916354639549356935467/10
OVER 900000000000!!!!!!!!!!!!!!/10
00,10seems I have an extra plant side beta key now
Rarity goo/10
Number/Number
Sumica I would really like one
could never like them Constuble
too salty
11,01I already got one from DashWithRainbows.
Fl00t4hSh41: tunguska or morokweng?
Salty?
lim x-->0 (1/x)
i'm hunger
ZUUUUUL/10
Sumica what? plant side? i dont even know waht this is...
i already gave my spare to Wrek
^^
Sumica I signed up for the beta a while back but meh didn't get any
oh yeah.... salty...
00,10looks like every one in beta got an extra key today
Suddenly, ping.
*noms on wagon wheel*
Gastbostrs pls
an extra ONE?
Sumica gets extras and mine still refuses to show up. Helpful.
Sumica Yep. Even fluttercry got one.
we need moar bronies on that
iirc, the Tsukunsa Blast was a near impact asteroid blast with the equivalant of 1k H-bombs
what sounds most likely for tunguska is an ice and gas-filled meteorite that vombusted jus before impact
Dark_Horst: Morokenweg. They new how to make big bombs back then....
Sumica I signed up for the beta a while back but meh didn't get any
lol
Wirisme: no that's like more than infinity
killerpony7733 they just gave out a bunch of codes to current beta testers
I only gave him the extra I got from purchasing AS.
huh
SAAAVIIIING THE DAAAAAAAAAAAAY!
i dont see it
true
To get thier friends in
oops sorry sumi i miss typed
AND that's just the start for NOSTALGIAWEEN........coming up next Pone Episode A: Read it and Weep, and then.........Yu-Gi-Oh and the PYRAMID OF LIGHT
brain derped
sorry
00,10you signed up Meanwhile or did you get the alphasquad?
Pony*
Barbetos Ah okay
AJIsAwesome: wait youre not a mod........huh?
FUCK MY KEYBOARD
11,01Yeah. It was a mysterious explosion that was later though to be a comet or asteroid that blew up in mid-air.
oh wait there it is
Fl00t4hSh41: i find that theory entirely possible. we like to blow stuff up, after all
flutterchu: What?
flutterchu: What made you think I was a mod? :S
who here is likely to actually play planetside 2 with us seriously
I signed up. I don't have the spare money to alphasquad Sumica.
that wants my key
Nittany_Discord: a meteor?
back
AJIsAwesome: dont i see your name with a + or a @
Tunduska could have been a cover up though.
Fl00t4hSh41, not that big, it was way before the second world war
you never know... or you do.
flutterchu: I never was a mod......:S
Chrysalis: would love to
Chrysalis I'd consider asking those you know well first.
AJIsAwesome: okay?
RainbowAsh: Morokenweg is over 500 km wide if my memory serves
Sumica did you get a extra beta code too with the latest batch of emails they sent out?
what does it unlock?
DashWithRainbows everyone i know has it
flutterchu: What made you think I was a mod? :S
how are you alexxm?
hell, everyone i know has bought it already
if it's a gabe newell plan then I'm out
Dark92Enigma yeah i just watched the cabin in the woods
AJIsAwesome: leadership?
00,10yeah i was in beta, signed up for alphasquad
Poneh time
http://memberfiles.freewebs.com/67/68/75036867/photos/PONIES/tumblr_ljtdaprbo41qafrh6.jpg
alexxm: WOW
Dark92Enigma: What do you mean?
most of my friends are on different teams though
00,10so got extra key
eeyup
she's dazzling
inb4 laser pointer gif
00,10then got another key today
which is annoying
LOOK AT CARAMALE XD
eieieieiei
AJIsAwesome: The way you take control of the situation
and once again pinkie breaks physics
they keep tryingf to get me to leave you guys for them
AYAYAYAYAY
Sumica Alright. I am trying to find out if alpha squad people got the beta key, or if all the beta testers got it. I bought alpha squad after getting into beta.
Fl00t4hSh41, I mean, they couldn't have made a bomb that big back then
Caramel Fun size
READ A BOOK!
Chrysalis: i dont. applied for a key there a month ago. still nothing
Butterfly's in the skyyyyyy
i showed this episode to my freind
FRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNCCCEEEEEEEE
frieeeeeeeeeeends
:)
streaming a window that high isn't very good
Dark92Enigma: Ah. I'm just being helpful and supportive. Don't want to give the mods or any of the people a hard time.
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/394/919/93f.gif
he became a brony....btu he moved to japan ;_;
Last episode.......RARITY said ''YOU'RE GONNA PAY RAINBOW DASH''------she paid for it, alright
dat small caramel
RainbowAsh: Sorry, it was only 70 kilometers wide
Dark_Horst will you actually play with us seriously
derp.
AJIsAwesome: oh, ok :)
LAWL
ie we played 3/4 hours yesterday in a single session
11,01I see mini-Carmel.
DAT CARAMEL :D
RainbowAsh: But it was 145 million years ago
Rainbow Derp
Chrysalis: mainly on the weekends. but certainly
Nittany_Discord the doctor looks like a Caramel clone =P
Barbetos When you get Alpha. Not only do you get instant access, you get an extra key for a friend. Everyone who has access has been given an extra free key because of the update.
This may be the first time I ever say the Caramel pony do anything but sleep.
oh pinkie...
<3
RainbowAsh: So it would have been Atlantis and Mu who where at war
Dark_Horst sent
SPIDERMAN
spiderDash!
SPIDERMARE
talk about eye candy
XD
Fl00t4hSh41, my bad, I thought we were still talking about Tunguska
I wonder what that guy did
To get into a full body cast
squee
SQUEE
:) *SQUEE* Oh Twily how much i love you.....<3
Barbetos, that's the pony Dash landed on
I'm gonna climb the walls
RainbowAsh: Tunguska didn't leave a crater. It was an airburst
DAT SQUEE :D
Print is dead - Rainbow Dash
you can't read aj..-.-
Rarity would have silk pyjamas.
or walking naked through a home on your own.
red_ony, says who?
twilgiht being suspitious number a billion: it always look's like she has the most important moment in an episode.....even when she baraly appears........but whatever
red_ony: she can. Math is her weakness
y'know of all things... I've yet to see a fan made vid where Discord Squee's
I have figured it out... AJ is not real. She is in Rainbows imagination
It all makes sense now!
INDIANA JONES
i don't knoq.
wait the game
Dat Smug Twilight.
Dat game
know*
J_E_Smith71: Play the song lyrics
wainting is magic
HOUSE MD
LordDerpington, I HATE that game
waiting*
^^
d'aww
too cute
bored rainbow is adorable
CrimsonPhoenix: Frustrating, ain't it?
Clickstep.
it is
alot
poor guy
BA DUM TSS
Well I sure missed alot
Hands up everyone who has played with a light that way due to boredom
also dat small lyra
Dark92Enigma: You mean: Indiana, Dr. Jones, makes a living, digging up old bones?
/me raises hand.
Wirisme: she. Berry Punch
Fl00t4hSh41: Me.
of course :p
J_E_Smith71: EEEEYUP, that one
READ A BOOK
they shoulda brought a laptop
The faces RD has in this ep are hilarious
Should waited a second for this scene for it
I don't know my ponies
50 shades of mane
What a coincidence. A broken wing too.
I LOVE THIS EPISODE
definitely my favourite ep.
same eye color as RD?
Meanwhile, do you have that screencap with the bald rainbowdash?
KITTEH!
confound these ponies, they trot across the screen!
one of mine too
CrimsonPhoenix: Hm?
yay Applejack2012
Wait wait wait? A tiger and a Panther in the same jungle?
mew:)
The housekitty of death
Raritys kittts
Or is it not you...
This is one of my favorites too
I dunno. I still think Daring Do and the Griffon's Goblet is better.
kitten
Rainbow Dash being bald
heh
i realhis one too ..even though i don't like rd much :/
I don't think this book is entirely scientifically plausible
is that tiny little caramel?
can't type like this :(
indiana jones + daring do = BEST CROSSOVER FANFIC EV4R
I'm an egg-head
she's a nerd.
Bum-bum-BUM!
flutterchu: I think I started one like that
I'M AN EGG HEAD
dun dun duuuuun
lol, aren't we all?
Insert Homer randomly out of nowhere yelling NEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERD >.>
I LIEK EGGS
Can't remember the last book i read
Who refils those lamps`?
Insert Nostalgia Critic saying NEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERD
wow that was my reaction when i started watching the shw XD
I thought it was Ogre shouting NERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRD!
And rearms all those traps?
