05its good ^_^
Lil_B, wait what?
Not complete either
RAWRity: Sewing school?
Yes thats the one Wrek :)
SRSLY has any one tried splicing rainbow dashs lines so that she says gimme twenty bits
!!!!!!!
Invi because Angry Birds is worthy of getting an Orchestrated version over everything else appearently :(
Lil_B: Wait, wait?!
AJIsAwesome: oh shit, she's late for friendship http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m9fwtzGIWZ1qfcanco1_500.jpg
Lil_B, yeah... apparently....... I bet they bought it since they want to become a trademark
05i cant have doom music without this one!
AJIsAwesome scroll up and look at my previous post XD
Lil_B: Angry Birds is overrated in my opinion.
nuu, poor bunneh :(
05all i can hear are arch-viles everywhere >.> <.<
never played this Physics engine :/
has any one tried splicing rainbow dashs lines so that she says gimme twenty bits
angry birds is fun... the frist time you play it, and the first few levels...
psh
casuals
some one ANSWER MEEEEEE!!!!!!
yeah. it's a simple slingshot game
but it gets boring
Angry Birds is a decent little time waster, but the company behind it is oversaturating. There's AB plushies, fruit snacks, keychains, pillows, EVERYTHING
fucking casuals
ikr?
Invi: Combine that with various themes, it's the Ipod of CoD.
it's not really the game that I dpn't like, it's the Company... Rovio thinks they will be as big as Disney... with Plushys, Cartoons and Coockboocks all out or in the making
RAWRity: Agreed.
Cookbooks*
AJIsAwesome, you mean CoD of Ipod ^^
I don't hate Angry Birds, it's just they keep milking it.
RAWRity: I'm actually really pissed that you find Angry Bird toys everywhere where I live, but you have to search for ages for a mlp toy :(
Lil_B, megalomania is very common today ^^
Eli: Same here.
RAWRity: Why?:(
05meh
05bad one
05here we go
AJIsAwesome: like I said, morbid curiosity. Same reason I watched Carebears for an episode.
RAWRity: i liked the frist episode of annoying orange, then it gets repetitive
the hobbits to isengard
RAWRity: The new one? How is it?
I do not know what Care Bears is about
I ripped the Doom Samples from the SNES game... if only I had a DAW that could strech samples without transposing them I could make god music with them (they are all awfully short)
AJIsAwesome: boring as all hell.
/me sets a tonberry next to Wrek
Applejack2012, it's a children TV show without awesome mlp elements
Hello all - got out of work early today
hay Cypresswolf
Cypresswolf: Hello!
hi Cypresswolf
good evening
Hallo Cypresswolf
thats good Cypresswolf how've you been
please kill me... my little brother is listening a dubstep remix of a Vanish Oxyaction comercial. loud.
hia Cypresswolf
alexxm: I've had better days :(
/me gets ready to kill Eli
/me hugs Cypresswolf
05good night folks
Wrek: Night!
man I havent seen this one yet :D http://derpy.me/qMOs3
good night wrek :)
kicks Eli
See you Wrek
thanks for the awsome music Wrek
Wrek: dream of murder
cya
night Wrek :) see ya
Bye Wrek, thx for the stream!
Goodnight Wrek
nighty Wrek
/me kicks Applejack2012 back
thanks for strean
Wrek, thanks for the music ^^
stream
http://cheezburger.com/6461950464 HOLY FUCKING SHIT THATS LUCKY
05this is the origianl btw
torrenting... still 10gb ... still 99,8% done ... ~1KB/s :(
My Uncle David's viewing is tonight adn teh funeral is tomorrow - been trying to steel myself for it, but dont know if I'm prepped mentally
thats what all those hours of Tetris were for
/me hugs Cypresswolf
05though not much into tetris
http://derpy.me/Z2U5F
/me hugs Cypresswolf "sorry to hear that"
Alchemist: thats what she gets
hugs cypress
I recently Typed "Tetris" in the serachbox while searching on my HD... got 52 Songs :/
45 minutes intot he 10 hour video of Taking the hobbits to isengard
may leave here by 4 to make it there on time
do i really have nothing better to do?
hay everypony :)
hi thelonepony
Alchemist: i call fake one the pic. there's no muffin
Lil_B, but 52 different songs or 52 tiems the same song? :D
sup thelonepny
Alchemist: moments after derpy is transformed into a human. Bipedal is hard
hi
Hallo thelonepony
hi thelonepony
Eli: here you go http://derpy.me/rDrVQ
Alchemist: :O she's good
Alchemist, wow she is good
Invi well, 5 may be dedicated to the C64 version which is a COMPLETLY different song ( yet still awesome, maybe even more) and some are Type B and Type C music, but it also didn't counted Remixes that didn't had "Tetris" in the Title like "Soviet Mind Game"
though it's an ugly muffin
Eli: you cant have that muffin, she accidentally ate it: http://derpy.me/PdXPy
http://fav.me/d5c5d82
gonna go for a bit guys...see ya later
Invi still... abou 35 different versions of the tetris song XD
thelonepony: Hello!
NocturnalBlade: Bye!
Cya NocturnalBlade
cya
Lil_B, :D
test
nevermind
ded chat is ded now that music is ded
120 people and chat is dead for two minutes? I dont even...
i'm still alive
kay
Its not dead it is resting
Just lurking as usual
im still here
well, we're 120 ppl who don't have anything to say :P
Alchemist: IKR?
just readin fanfics :P
have some derpy + lava lamp http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obdLhRTfDFo
i'm alive!
Watching some videos.
muhaha
Alchemist So Cute
OMG! i have listened to nyancat for 15000 seconds!
Alchemist: HHHNNNNNNNGGGG
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9Uz1icjwrM
oh no! i clicked a link and the window refreshed! wheres that link?
poniesareweird: who posted it
bronysith i think
poniesareweird: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9Uz1icjwrM
thanks
just watching videos too
trying to recreate a guitar in the Oeatmeal VST Synth... i did in once somehow, but the safe file doesn't work
and this one just makes ma laugh http://derpy.me/Zw1Z8 :D
dont know exactly why
Alchemist: Don't get me wrong, but that joke has been run into the ground.
bah. My text is all goofy. I think my flash broke
AJIsAwesome: I just came across it yesterday
so is the judge dredd movie good
AJIsAwesome: what is that a picture of anyways?
Alchemist: Oh. That makes sense.
it seems they are desperate to make a meme out of anything these days
AJIsAwesome: didnt even know what it was about
AJIsAwesome: the news didnt report it in my country
AJIsAwesome: i still find it pretty funny... just because i find it hard to believe they let her do it, and that she didn't realise she has no talent
Bronysith: It was a terrible attempt at a resotration of a famous picture of Jesus by an amateur artist.
AJIsAwesome: and tehy made it official?
Is there a mod in chat?
What are you guys talking about?
Wrek just left and I think Sumica is here.
Ohai MASF123
Bronysith: People have been trying to make this a meme, but it's been really annoying.
AJIsAwesome: she's not even an amateur artist... she's jsut an ole lady
Hi Pinkies4thWall
Sumica: you in here?
hi
Applejack2012: hi
Eli: I know, but they call her an "amateur artist".
Sumica you there?
AJIsAwesome: because otherwise, the shame on them would be greater for letting her do it
AJIsAwesome I kinda liked the pictures I saw on memebase XD
I feel bad for her, though. I didn't even laugh at it when I first saw it.:(
I guess he left...he was here a while back.
Wassup everypony.
Kawaii_icybeauti: Hello!
Hallo Kawaii_icybeauti
the roof!
Waaaaaaaaaasuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuup!
he roooooooooof!
the*
hey AJIsAwesome MLP_Brovakiin MASF123
dont distract me too much im doing homework but im here EVERYPONY!!!!!!
hai Kawaii_icybeauti
LoGaN: Hello.
and thelonepony
hi
LoGaN: Hey look a distraction :O
hai LoGaN
Hey LoGaN!!! Don't look at the chat!!!! :O
LoGaN: you are already distracted :D
ohh this saturday i'm gonna hear "ladys and gentlemen, we understand that you, have come tonight, to bare witness to the sound of drum. and. bass." :) so excited
Playibg leaf green right now..I feel like a hipster.
OHAI SUPERBRONY
Eli: You should be. I love drum and bass.:)
11,02HAI :D
Hallo SuperBrony64
/me hugs sup
SuperBrony64: Hello!
hey thaar SuperBrony64 !
Kawaii_icybeauti: That's not Hipster =P
/me hugs SuperBrony64
hi sup0r
hai SB64 :)
MASF123: im TRYING!!
super
Vordox: The game is almsot 10 years old.
11,02Applejack2012
AJIsAwesome: pendulum is always sooo awesome live :D
Kawaii_icybeauti: You
Kawaii_icybeauti: You're misusing the word hipster =P
SuperBrony64!
ohai Vordox nice seeing you again :)
11,02MASF123!
Hai Lil_B
Vordox: Would hipster be playing the SNES 20 years later?
Pinkies4thWall needs to talk to you. SB64
Back now :P I live once more!
Kawaii_icybeauti: No, that's a nintendo Fan =P
Private message him
/me hugs Pinkies4thWall ^-^
Hi, Everypony :D
Derp :P
Kawaii_icybeauti: Hipster would be playing the NES 25 years later.:D
Welcome back Vordox
Pinkie_Brony: Hello!
Allo
AJIsAwesome: :D
Hallo Pinkie_Brony
Hai SuperBrony64 Y NO PSO2?!
Vordox: Hello!
MY MOTHER IS INSANE
Kawaii_icybeauti only if you do it while saying that you only do this because modern games are too simple and mainstream
AJIsAwesome: Hi!
AJIsAwesome: Hai again AJIsAwesome =3
MLP_Brovakiin: Hey!
Lil_B: Nice twist of hipster =P
11,02Vordox: Sorry :<
AJIsAwesome: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_5zvV0btCo&feature=player_detailpage best intro ever
now i need to go! i wont leave you guys emptyhanded so here is some presents! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5yiBrfu334o
I made the mistake of naming my lapras whale, so I have to go to lavender town to rename it...
SuperBrony64: We do it lateh! D:
11,02No YouTube links please.
Goodbye poniesareweird
A stream is up?
bye!
SuperBrony64: I is in a Xbox party with Moopy, and he's wondering when his ban expires.
poniesareweird: Bye!
I need to refresh
Do you know?
Hello SuperBrony64!
I no see a stream
Pinkies4thWall SUperBron64 is here
no stream?
dunno
stream not flowing
Vordox I finished my Remix of Luna, now I can work in the animation again, I made a CTR (or TRC? :/ ) TV on a chest but I'm not quite satisfied with the design (especially the chest looks WAY too old XD
SuperBrony64: sorry, didn't see any steam :(
Hey Kawaii_icybeauti!
I am in dire need of tea and jaffa cakes, brb
Ohai MadSurge
Lil_B: Show me later =3
11,02Pinkies4thWall: He was unbanned over a month ago :)
ok :)
Is there a stream?
Can you believe back to the future is 2 years from now P
:P*
Who?
I tell him
...
:(
Ok fine then.
dafaq is going on?
So, is that a new stream software I see over there, or just reskinned?
I miss KwakLad...I wonder if he comes here anymore.
I see no stream.
SuperBrony64: no sister to play with? =3
11,02She's at school >>
11,02Kawaii_icybeauti: Refresh your stream embed
Not the stream, but the like, player. It looks nothing like the one I'm used to.
A stream is up?
I did.
Also I have no stream.
nothing happende
But I don't think anything's up
Do I like copy the wierd code thing?
Evil stream service is EVIIIIIIL!
SuperBrony64: Oh Superbrony, you have MIPS on your end, but it's LimeV on the stream embed
Kawaii_icybeauti: Nah, there is no stream on right now, I don't think
SuperBrony64: But there's still no stream...:(
stupid asian women ads!
11,02Try again now :)
Kawaii_icybeauti: When there is one, you can click the 'refresh" button right below the player.
ok
SuperBrony64: There we go. =3 You're welcome
oh there it is
Oh hey, that's the one I'm used to, haha
Refresh is next to pop-out
11,02Vordox: Yeah, I know, I just swapped it :P
I had actually pressed refresh multiple times.
Someone ping me, I'm trying out the embedded client
SuperBrony64: Silly Ubertechie SuperBrony64 :D
he said mexico o.O
Yay, NSMB Wii.
Super Mario?
Get 99 lives to get Mario without a Hat.
Kawaii_icybeauti: Didn't you know, Mario is anti mexican
MASF123: I did that too.:D
I never knew what the POW did...
The infinite 1-Up glitch is still in this one.
Kawaii_icybeauti: It goes... "POW"
As good as this game looks graphically, it tends to drag on. Plus the music seems recycled as you keep playing, making it boring.
Wait is SuperBrony64 talking in the stream?
So I know that I'll get a lot of grief for this, but I've never played any Mario games besides Kart and Party
tSparx: No problem.
tSparx: I'm worse. I've only played NES Mario
tSparx: You're not really missing much.
Huh, I get no ping noise. That won't work.
Hey guys im back did you all miss me
YAY NSMB!
Same applies to Zelda. I just never went Nintendo past NES
I rented Wind Waker when I was young, but it was Twilight Princess that got me hooked on Zelda.
hey im sorry what i did back then i just wanted to chat thats all
AJIsAwesome: ... i can't agree with you on that one. New super mario bros has always been a great game to me. it's a game that doesn't get old in my opinion
Those smilies sure are cute though.
I have returned with biscuits :) Biscuits for everyone :D
flutter_spin: do you prefer other companies?
Eli: That's fine. I think it's a good game. It's just not a game I would keep playing over and over again.
its not that. I just never got an SNES, N64, or Wii
Without those, no way i can play the games
Is SuperBrony64 going for a speedrun? :D
MLP_Brovakiin: Thank you.
OH SHAT SuperBrony64 stream?
CrimsonPhoenix: yep :)
fan neato
AJIsAwesome: have you ever played vs on the ds? it's the single most amazing game on a ds. sadly, no one ever challenges me anymore :(
and i promiss i will listen to the mods i pinkie prmiss and i will not be a troll ever again
I went through a phase when my mother remarried. Everything had to be "fair" with my stepdad
Whos streaming?
And if my stepsister couldn't play... well I couldn't
console wise I still go with Nintendo, if though they too do things that make me cringe sometimes, it's the least bad of the 3 console manufactures
Rex_Mundi: SB64
wait who streaming
LoGaN: SB64
^
Eli: You were talking about the DS one? I LOVED the DS one. :O I wish it had online versus, though.
Piece of crap disconnected
Eli: I was talking about the Wii one.
Anyway, is SB64 talking on the stream?
we have a stream and i was not infomred? shame on you! SHAME ON YOU ALL!
AJIsAwesome: oh yeah, that would be awesome :) i liked the wii one. but the DS one was better yeah
no talking
Dark_Horst: Hey, there's a stream on!:D
SuperBrony64: could you do live pony reactions after this? every time you have one its late at night and i cant be involed cause im asleep. just asking...
I don't pick sides in the console war. I love PC, I love all three consoles, but when I have to choose I go Playstation, then Nintendo, then X-Box
Dark_Horst there's a stream up! :O
AJIsAwesome: SHEIM EN YEW!
en yew tew
Dark_Horst: Se\orry. Had to do that.:$
tat's cool as hell
hello
Go down the pipe! :D
I go Nintendo>Xbox>PC>PS3.
Sup Soviet Russia
hai tSparx
funky ground
N-Gage>All other consols and handhelds :P
Hallo CCCP
Hey CCCP! :D
I don't pick sides when it comes to consoles, As long as the game's good and I'm getting my money's worth, it's fine by me.
For me it's nintendo, xbox, then ps
Lol. N Gage
hello MLP_Brovakiin and MadSurge
MadSurge: in soviet russia, pipe gos down you
But, just like the ponies, and many other things, even my least favorite I still love.
CCCP: Hello!
hello AJIsAwesome
AJIsAwesome: agreed. i have favourite games on every console
Nooo!
My spinny
D:
tSparx: well, LEAST FAVORITE, not hate :D
/me is playing RED DEAD REDEMPTION
:)
/me does not care
MASF123| why thr caps?
MASF123|: you have xbox?
Each consoles as their faults and pros
Sup nameless pony #9237 :)
CrimsonPhoenix: Eeeyup
i love FF, but i wouldn't go just ps without a Brawl from time to time, or have a nice round of TF2 on my pc
CrimsonPhoenix: pros and cons
360 though has the biggest with its pay to play online feat
11,02Unlucky :/
lawl SuperBrony64
ha
Awwww
CrimsonPhoenix: so much advertising and you still have to pay 50$ a year
LoGaN yes I do. CCCP because that's the way the game is spelled on the box art.
^^^^^^At Bronysith
MASF123| oh i downloaded the game so i wouldnt know
y?
360 is basically, advertisement the console
MASF123|: friend me wait whats your name
CAUSE THEY HAVE TO PAY FOR THE ADVERTISEMENTS
thats why you pay 50$ a year
ya yoshi! wooo
cause they have to pay the advertisers
CCCP the boxart is still shown when you pick the game on the dashboard :/
Sorry. My bro msg me. He was asking about playing Minecraft.
Don't kill Yoshie D:
yoshi is my favourite nintendo char of ALL time :)
Meh I don't care about the ads on xbox
LoGaN you want to play RED DEAD?
MASF123| yeah but its small
sure
webinz has the worst ads by far
I remember Yoshi's story and Island on 64 like yesterday :'(
webkinz
MASF123|: Can I join :)
YOOOOSHIEEEEEEEEE
YOSHI IS EVIL
i like Red Dead's story more than the multiplayer personaly
Umm...I dunno.
those hips are too small
Dat porn Bronysith
Yoshi's story is the first game I can remember. That and pokemon stadium :(
What are your Gamertags?
and it ain't porn
it's cosplay
Vordox: thats not porn
CCCP Agreed.
I don't own any of the current consoles, and I've missed out on SO many good games, like RDR
tSparx: PC
isn't RDR on PC?
Anyone here who has Rome Tota war should check out EB, ie-the greatest mod for anything ever.http://www.europabarbarorum.com/
I think it is.
Vordox: how is that porn?
What are your Gamertags...the ones that want to play RED DEAD with me?
Eli: It just is... Ever heard of a "Playful " or "Dirty mind"? :P
(the reason I don't own any of the current consoles is because I'm a poor college kid. even $60 is too much for a game, waiting til RDR goes down in price significantly. If I owned a console, though, I'd rent it from somewhere.)
Vordox, that's a perv
Is it hard controlled, SuperBrony64 ?
how did this get to porn o.O
11,02Hard controlled?
Vordox: well, your opinion i guess. i don't even find it pretty. more like a turnoff
CrimsonPhoenix: Images of sexual content, wether it's suggestive or not = Porn or leads to it =P
Vordox comment a Jessica Rabbit cosplay pic porn
SuperBrony64: Hard to control Mario
11,02Not really
Vordox, you have a loose definition of porn
people would be much more peacful if they were Asexual
CrimsonPhoenix: The world is lose, not me =P
SuperBrony64: Don't help him.:D
for me it's the moment a genital is present in the pic it's porn
haha
CrimsonPhoenix: I think that's too tight.
CrimsonPhoenix: True dat
CrimsonPhoenix: Inb4 World Freudism. :P
Hey everypony O_O
I personally don't try to define porn.
Sup Ponies47 !!!
CrimsonPhoenix: but what if it's nudity for the sake or realism?
CrimsonPhoenix so then some old epic works of art art porn?
Last call for RED DEAD REDEMPTION Muliplayer
are*
MASF123|: dat caps
there is this thing we call tasteful nudity. that aint porn either
hi Ponies47
dem
RAWRity, CCCP good point
porn according to urban dictionary: the reason you need a new hard drive.
Dark_Horst: And that's why the world is lose.
Yup that's how it's spelled
Kawaii_icybeauti: Lawl
MASF123|: I accepted the friend request, just waiting on you now :)
RAWRity: some of the best art throughout history is nude right?
What about the other guy?
Bronysith: Technically, yes
MASF123|: wat ur name?
Kawaii_icybeauti: or the reason you GET a hard drive :P
And that's...World is Lose
loose*
Bronysith: yes, though back in the day, the Pope actually went ind of batshit, and had the penises of many statues in Italy torn off. Meaning that somehwere, there's a big old warehouse full of cement dongs.
porn is stupid
waaat?
it is not
CCCP: go die
LoGaN :(
CCCP: Agreed
RAWRity: You don't think they just crumbled them up?
LoGaN: don't ever react...
LoGaN, MASF123
over*
LoGaN: wow. I wouldn't go THAT far
We love CCCP here
tSparx: my idea is funnier
LoGaN: Maybe we don't ask people to day?
Still I would hardly call a cosplay of a classic character straight out porn
when I went to italy, I remember seeing all the nekkid statues.Being 9 at the time, I laughed extrememly hard at each one.
RAWRity: Oh, my bad. I never let truth get in the way of a joke either, entirely my fault :P
to die*
CCCP: it is stupid. but can you really say you don't do it?
Kawaii_icybeauti: Haha I still do the same, god I am immature :D
MLP_Brovakiin: Most humans have the humor of a 12 year old boy at most.
Eli im fairly sure there is no porn of me... one sec
so yeah, the Vatican is filled with castrated statues.
CCCP: :P
Okay, enough talk about porn=/= Nudity/genitals etc etc, Let's get back to within realms of the rules here, would we? :P
Vordox: Agreed.
You started it
Yeah this chat is getting a little awkward.
im 13 so my humer is around 6 Kawaii_icybeauti
Kawaii_icybeauti: I find life to be better when you are immature
I wasn't even paying attention to the conversation.:D
CrimsonPhoenix: It's the Art paradox again, there's no end to it =P
LoGaN u hate me? :(
MASF123|: invite me
CCCP: idk
CCCP: your emotes dont help your case
Art Paradox?
Hold up both of you finishing a mission.
Almost done.
CrimsonPhoenix: "Everything and nothing is art"
The pic had nothing suggestive
/me das Mario
CrimsonPhoenix: I disagree
sometimes i'm so tempted to spam Bronysith with emotes :P :)
Bronysith im not holding a case and even if i was im pretty sure my arm would be enough to support it off the ground
I like how we had a stream of doom before this
/me do be do be do be
CCCP: and thus why LoGaN hates you
:C
It's Jessica Rabbit dammit a bit more and you could say Who framed Jack Rabbit is porn
CCCP: you're a friggin smartass
guys, the picture was a pinup. at most. those are not porn. there is nothing to discuss
seaponies
CrimsonPhoenix: Her very essence of a depth character was based on her suggestive form and style...
roger rabbit**
CrimsonPhoenix: Wait, thats what all this is about? Yes, she is suggeststive, but not to the point of being considered porn.
Images tells words. P
hi Moopy
Seriously, why are we still on this topic?:D
Kawaii_icybeauti, exactly
well, actually there is a lot to discuss, but that steers off into different directions
If you want to argue, PM each other.
Oh yeah if you wanna know how freshman only day went for me. PM me O_O
Dark_Horst: All over the place, therbey, the World is Loose :P
Ok I'm hosting just wait.
LARRY KOOPA!
hi Moopy
Hmm, I just got back onto the stream and I notice that my old comp isn't liking mips
neither is mine
what a HACKER
hey logan
You know SuperBrony64 ...Next time you play a game, play on the hardest, and no save, once you die you change game. :D
no stream?
Bronysith: SB64 doing Mario
CrimsonPhoenix: A sec then CrimsonPhoenix
o there we go
i had to refresh lol
CrimsonPhoenix: Aw, they removed the article. :(
The swim noisein this game reminds me of Donkey Kong. =P
CrimsonPhoenix: The thing is, what is art, and what is not, what is consider art for art sake, and what is consiered not art when it does not want ot be art.
><
Pop quiz: if all the ice at the North Pole melted, by how much would the sea level rise?
It's a heavy philosiphical discussion, which has no end, due to opinions.
Is this the new Mario game SuperBrony64 is playing?
I can see that
Ponies47: Nah it's the old MBSWII
Vordox: Ah
CrimsonPhoenix: Therefore, an art paradox. :(
I hate i, but I cannot deny it's existance.
oh look, past sins has been revised.... wait what, they still work on that?
DAT SPAM
so basically if one would think that Jessica Rabbit cosplay is porn than that individuals has a pervy mind that would influence his opinion.
i thought the whole thing was like... closed case
CrimsonPhoenix: That's one way
Invite him
the mailbox guy to the posse
god
tidus is so ughhhhhhhh
I personlly would say that JEssica Rabbit was MADE for being suggestive in her core, due to her artstyle, floosy character and what not, "Sexism" is the very basis of her creation
I see that when I watch any picture of it.
how do i describe tidus? whiny, bitch?
The lines by the creator under the art <--- I like to analyze.
Welp.
I knew it.
Answer: Not at all! It just so happens that ice, being slightly less dense than water, floats at the top. The amount of ice left below the surface of the water takes up the same volume as the whole ice cube would if melted.
Bronysith: a walking advertisement for partial birth abortion
the sole purpose of jessica rabbit was to get men drooling over a cartoon character
RAWRity: how do i snapshot that?
and from what people tell from back then, it worked
still, FAR from porn of any kind
is everyone still bitching about that jessica rabbit cosplay i posted?
Kenpachi's been killed. OFFSCREEN NO LESS. Someone, most likely monsters in GW2, will pay dearly for this. :|
11,02:<
CK|GW2: YOU ARSE
lol
Oh bad luck
What a dick move game
CK|GW2: DON'T SPOIL FOR F*CK SAKE
I predicted that one, too. >_>
CK|GW2: What?!:|
Bronysith: dunno, i just throw something in now and then at the keywords "jessica rabbit" "porn" and "art"
11,02Who is Kenpachi?
I knew it was gonna happen. Kubo purposely set up Kenpachi to face the big bad just to kill him.
CK|GW2: He doesn't even know what his Bankai's name is!:|
CK|GW2: plus, y'know, Bleach could stand to kill off a few dozen characters
can yield interesting results
SuperBrony64: character from Bleach
SuperBrony64: A character from Bleach.
...
Fine
You want SPOILERS
I'll remember this
RAWRity: I expect they are, actually. The first two are confirmed kills.
CK|GW2: I refer you to the tried and true standard: Nobody dies in bleach
oops
Hey superbrony64 i got your message from pinkies4thwall on xbox live dude also i got minecraft for the xbox dude
Oh man, they're still updating Bleach? I got to somewhere in the middle of the dude's with the numbers, in the manga, and I went, "NOPE, I AM DONE."
RAWRity: Granted, no one's said Kenpachi is dead yet, but given that the big bad has his hand jutting through Kenpachi's skull, I'm calling bullshit if he lives
Maybe his skull was made of jello
But seriously, CK|GW2, Don't spoil stuff
CK|GW2: wouldn't be the first time somebody lived through something batshit. Remember Hiyori? SHE WAS CUT IN HALF
CK|GW2: It would be a shame if he died, though.
RAWRity: Yeah, I know.
RAWRity: But it's the final arc, and Kubo's pissed about that. Killing off characters to be petty is within expectations.
hello every one
CK|GW2: Wait, Bleach is ending!?
tigher1001: Hello!
I actually kinda figure this will be Kubo's version of Countdown or Ultimatum.
Hello tigher1001
CK|GW2: Personally, I think Kubo's kind of happy about it being the final arc. It's felt like he's hated his own creation for years now.
Ewww.....why are you playing this game SuperBrony64?
tSparx: Yep.
Mario is overrated.
11,02WindWhistler: :<
:
WindWhistler|School: Becuase it's a good game?
:|
watgeim?
11,02Guess I can't play this anymore cause WindWhistler doesn't liek it ;~;
tSparx: The anime's ended and this manga arc is the last one apparently. Sales are down by millions of copies so Shonen Jump is canning it.
WindWhistler: So you would say he's mainstream?
who is streaming?
What!
AJIsAwesome: If by good you mean "the same thing as in every other game"
No keep streaming SB64
Ignore party pooper
SuperBrony64 of course you can play it.
SB64: Octogirl gaem nao pls
The mechanics are the EXACT same
WindWhistler: Dude...
WindWhistler: EVERY GAME IS EVERY GAME
as in every other game
inb4 WindWhistler is and avid COD fan
WindWhistler: We MAKE it good, not other way around
RAWRity: nope.avi
Now I'm curious *openstream
And always remember, just because something is wellmade, does not mean everyone will like it
We need more Luigi games
WindWhistler: Guess what...
WindWhistler: YOU PRESS RIGHT TO WALK RIGHT
Luigi's Mansion was different.
Wait wait WAIT WindWhistler I have the PERFECT VIDEO FOR YOUR Attitude
Ah, mother was a huge fan of this
Also, Vordox: >implying you were masochistic enough to torment yourself by reading the last arc of a series that stopped being good years ago.
who is streaming
CK|GW2: The manga JUSt came out
Only someone like me is so bold as to torture myself like that. >_>
It's like screaming spoilers of a movie on it's openning night CK|GW2
CK|GW2: What series are we talking about?
Vordox: I think I know what video you're talking about.
AJIsAwesome: Sellout Mario
WindWhistler, you talk about how every game in the Mario series has the same mechanics, as we're watching Mario with a propeller on his head doing super-boosted spin jumps. In my book, I'd call that NEW
Vordox: No, it's like screaming "Bella marries Edward" on the night of Breaking Dawn Part 2's opening
Vordox: Oh. I thought you were talking about the video from Dorkly.
I really, really enjoyed Bleach, and I was worried it was just going to get to Inuyasha levels of "This should've ended years ago."
/me flips a table in a fit of rage
AJIsAwesome: It is
Bella marries Edward?
I thoguht she died
Vivix: almost
Aah
Vivix: What is dead in that movie? =P
I haven't seen the last one
Hehehe, true
Nice job Vordox, you almost made my browser crash with that link
Vordox: Oh.
Oh, bleech, I lost interest inthat series at the filler arc where the Zanbato rebel or something of that ilk.
But Edward turns into a vampire and saves her at the last second for our continued pain
I don't care if the game is mainstream
wat? are we seriously talking about twilight now?
Vordox: The way you titled it sounded like something different.
Aah
Twilight isn't any worse than anyo ther teen movie- so I didn't mind seeing it
that's what i get for fetching me a muffin :P
tSparx: It already did. Really, the Arrancar stuff dragged on too long, if it had concluded faster and ended right there, the series would have been better for it.
AJIsAwesome: It's called Sellout Mario :P
FUN FACT : that witch is actualy a boy
Arrancar, that's the arc I dropped at, yeah.
is anyone excited for dr who saterday
The Hunger games are a teen movie and its 100times better than Twilight
Vordox: I saw it on Youtube as "Mario is too mainstream".
CK|GW2: actually it's more like shouting "This movie is gonna suck for anybody who's not a sexually repressed teenage or middle age girl!" at Breaking Dawn part 2
I like Mario, I like that they trry to make new games with new mechanics, but the recent 2D Super NMario Titles and Super Mario 3D land just look so damn bland... I mean, Good grafics, good sound, but no soul, no personality -.-
In the manga, I never watched much of the anime.
Ihop: oh god i REALY have to catch up
RAWRity: ....point
11,02Bowser Jr. is second worst character in the Mario Universe.
Lil_B: Exactly my point
tSparx: i just read the last chapter. i hope they're gonna make some decent last chapters, and then leave it be
The new games are just the old ones with better graphics
/me Huggles dat SuperBrony64 :3
and one or two new things thrown in
SuperBrony64: then who is the worse?
SuperBrony64: right behind Toad
/me huggles dat Ponies47 back :3
Which get old REALLY fast
oh hai Ponies47
11,02Waluigi
lol
who i streaming this game???
Hi
is
Now Luigi's Mansion...that was something completely different
tigher1001: SuperBrony64.
11,02hai pony_6776 :)
And Super Mario Galaxy was also interesting
Ponies47: Gello!
I want a new Wario game
It provided something new
RAWRity: But yeah, I don't actually know of anyone who reads the series for enjoyment any more. It's mostly just people like me who feel some odd compulsion to know how it ends, even knowing it will undoubtably suck.
tigher1001: SuperBrony64
AJIsAwesome: Thx
*Hello*
Kinda irrelevant to have both Bowser Jr and the Koopalings in this
WindWhistler yes
Hey Barbetos|AtWork freshman only day has my mind so full of buck right now
Infact the recent super mario bros game, with the coins and everything, would of made a better wario game
Now they're just remaking the same old games...
CK|GW2: considering where Bleach has been in the popularity polls the last couple years, it seems that way.
Ponies47: Whoops.:$
Barbetos|AtWork: i really enjoyed the Wario lands
WindWhistler: Dude... Every game is every game =P
Enjoy stuff for what it is, not for what i can be
It's forgivable if the series is only a couple of games
Ohai pony_67.... Gone
Mario games are good
WindWhistler, point taken. But keep in mind that Nintendo has had a lot of anecdotes about how "different" to make a game, especially with everything that happened over Zelda II.
But this series has been around for like...20 years
RAWRity: Yeah, hasn't it lost over a million readers a year since '08 or sommat?
Eli I enjoyed it a lot too. I did not even mind the eye bleeding from the virtual boy I liked it so much
WindWhistler: it seemes like in movies/games there isnt much originality
RAWRity: Arterial bleeds can't match that sort of speed.
There isn't, but there will be at times
One Piece > Bleach
WindWhistler: people enjoy it. You and I don't. We aren't right, they aren't right either.
WindWhistler: any more
Everyone has different opinions. There's always going to be diagreement one way or another.
Just because nothign seems original, does not mean that we shuld accept it
AJIsAwesome: I disagree
CK|GW2: It's lost something like 2 million in Volume sales since 2009, and it's been consistently in the bottom 5 popularity wise cor 18 months, save when it gets a color page.
Hehehe
Hat: *facepalm*
OMG LUIGI'S MANSION 2 PREVIEW!?
CLICK IT SuperBrony64
Ihop: yeah. right now, Fairy tail and One Piece are my favourites
How was Luigi's Mansion 2?
^^
11,02MOOO o3o
moo
Fairy Tail is still somehow worse than Bleach though.
/me glomps SuperBrony64
What about the Luigi's Mansion preview? D:
drum roll
SuperBrony64: You're a duck, right?
/me shoves BronySith out of the way
Eli: good
I've had people recommend One Piece to me but I could never get into the early stuff. When I first tried it was too goofy and out there for me to enjoy proper.
ONLY I CAN GLOMP HIM
dadadaddadaddadadaddadada and its?
/me glomps SuperBrony64
11,02AJIsAwesome: I'm a poneh :D
...
.............
/me hugs WindWhistler back ^-^
oh god
O GOD
Somehow this is even worse than the new Mario games
Du du just dance
Im almost positive that fallout 4 will be set in Boston, it turns out that MIT has a video game department, and a lot of the guys at Bethesda went there. And now Bethesda is known to be researching Boston. Plus "the institute" is based on MIT.
SuperBrony64 don't torture your body D:
CK|GW2: I'm the exact same way.
I'm out for now. Have a funeral to go to
SuperBrony64: Oh, shoot! I was so close.....:D
-_-
perspective*
SuperBrony64, I'm holding a gun to my head
lol
RAWRity: WHAT? fariy tail is so much better than bleach. at least in it's current state
JESmith71: Bye.:(
11,02WindWhistler: ;~;
WindWhistler: good idea
CK|GW2: I love one Piece, but the early chapters are a little uneven between action and goofiness. Until the Arlong Park arc, it's just sort of middling. Plus, it's a looooong read.
JESmith71: God bless, good luck.
Oh yay now we can see Luigi's Mansion 2 preview! :D
bye JESmith71 :(
WindWhistler: Go check the video I linked to you.
My uncle passed on on Sunday
How was Luigi's Mansion 2?
It'll open your minda bit
Vordox: I already told you it almost crashed my browser
RAWRity: No kidding. It would take me forever to catch up.
/me hugs JESmith71
Was Captain planet an anime?
Im never going to do Onepice because i dont want to do something that freaking long. It has like 20 movies for goodness sake.
RAWRity: And given my nick, let's just say my free time is spent elsewhere these days. XD
WindWhistler: If anything, thatll make you think twice before saying the game is the same :P if you get it to work
Bronysith: no
Bronysith: Nope, it's western cartoon
no sith
RAWRity: i think it's worth the read. but i follow OP for almost 10 years now :)
Bronysith: No it was Turner show
Thank you people.
OH SHIT IS ABOUT TO GET REAL
Vordox: That video is just saying Mario is too mainstream. I don't have a problem with mainstream.
OH ANG
Luigi has the worst luck in houses
Luigi!
Fairy tail: All the poor comedice timing of early One Piece, with all the lazy writing of current Bleach!
JESmith71: I wish I could say something, but I can't. He's YOUR uncle, not mine. Sorry. I hope everything goes well.:(
Hat: its a mansion
LM had a sequile!:(
Oooooh new luigi's mansion
CAKE GHOST
LOOK AT THEM REAL GRAPHICS
Rex_Mundi: No, it's *going* to have a sequael
SO AWSOME
This looks epic~
Are those what the ghosts look like?
At least Luigi is the star
Spider is not a ghost!
The fact Luigi is the star makes it more awesome
Or are these Beta ghosts?
Because Luigi needs more love
That ghost looked like hand banana
oh my...
Luigi has more serious adventures
When are you going to buy it, SuperBrony64 ? :D
Ghosts remind me of Worms
LAWl
I wish they didn't make Luigi such a coward though...
Elevator Music
It makes me feel so bad for him...
/me returns with one side of his mouth numb.
11,02Vordox: When it comes out O.O
Silent Hill stairs:D
Poor guy
WindWhistler: Agreed.
WindWhistler: ....Seriously?
OHWOWOWOW
Though the ending of the first game made me laugh
11,02WindWhistler: But if he was not a coward, then Luigi's Mansion wouldn't be as silly and funny :D
WindWhistler: Luigi is Luigi, Mario is Mario, let them be what they are :P
Luigi got his revenge
I NEED A 3DS NOW
/me returns with one side of his mouth numb.
play the pikin tralir
Well I just hate that Mario is getting all the games...
pyrocatboy: We gotcha the first time, Pyro.
What about Luigi?
pyrocatboy: What'd you do? Dentist?
yep
pyrocatboy: don't let dentists take advantage of you.
Oooh what's that Kirby's Dream Collection?
I like Luigi as a coward, but they milk it a little too much. He should really only be a coward in the Mansion games only.
ohohoh new paper mario!!
WindWhistler I'm so looking forward to this!
hey ponies47 remember me? did you miss me?
Yeah his performance in Brawl was pathetic
AJIsAwesome: agreed
WindWhistler: no kidding. who ever plays him in brawl?
I miss the badge system in Paper Mario.
Wii U. Still sounds like a question to me.
Eli: Oh my cousin does. He's amazing as him
Eli: i did ^_^
Luigi isn't a coward, he's a scaredy-cat, big difference! The bravest people are the ones who're terrified, but still do what needs to be done; the biggest cowards are those who aren't afraid, but won't do anything.
I'm pretty sure the badge system is back in the new paper mario
Eli: I was just talking about his single scene where King DeDeDe owned him.
11,02This better come to San Francisco and I better be invited :I
tSparx: True.
nevermind... I'll jsut stay Ike and shut up :P
tSparx: Luigi is just a moron. He has no idea why he breaks into peoples homes.
oh btw i'm back
^_^
WindWhistler it's basicly the first Kirby games (Dreamland to Kirby 64) + some special Stages + a Soundtrack CD + a little Trivia
hey NocturnalBlade
wii u is bad idea
Barbetos|AtWork: Aren't you mistaking him for Link?
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m9j58lWjwA1rq0gqko1_500.jpg My favioute pic
They were paid to say positive things about t.:P
Ihop: That's what everyone said about the Wii...
WindWhistler: Link knows what he is doing at least. "GET SHINEY RUPEES!"
*it*
ew Nintendo Land
Barbetos|AtWork: But he should be getting sued for millions of rupees
Ihop: I think so too, but mostly I'm just witholding judgement.
For destruction of property
I'm actually pretty excited about the new Wii U.
11,02^
Ihop well, it's new, and it actually has quite the potential, Nintendo is (as they always say, but everybody always ignores it) "We create unique things"
I just want Pikmin 3 and Rayman Legends
MEgAMAN LEGEND
PIKMIN 3
ROCK PIKMIN ARE ADORABLE
'??????
MEGAMAN LEGENDS??
RIP Megaman Legends
tSparx, Rayman
Oh :(
lol
Hey superbrony64 i sent you a message on your xbox dude
Oh hi Perry shirt
I want Megaman Legends 3 so, so baldy.
PIKMIN 3 WII U IS NOW BEST IDEA
they said Rayman Legend
Ihop: We've been waiting for it for years.
tSparx, shame it'll never exist
tSparx: the best we are going to get now is a spirtual successor.
sure have
I heard Capcom is making one big Megaman Collections
Ihop: HECK YES
......Furry Legends....?
CrimsonPhoenix: Never's a long time. A *long* time. Hell, I'm still holding out for a second Threads of Fate, haha.
that sounds wrong...
WindWhistler: yea, furry legends lol
Furies?
Eeeew Rabbids
I'm hoping that, eventually, the gaming industry will be in a spot like hollywood, where they pick up old franchises.
WindWhistler: Ramon rabbids was my first wii game
/me gets the gun out again
then it'll be horrible
tSparx And make shitty remakes?
oh wait nevermind
Because I want Threads of Fate II and Legend of Dragoon II and Megaman Legends 3 and...
well... in 2011 the gaming industrie made more money than the movie industry
We are talking about furries and Rabbids. something tells me that this is about to turn into an admission of a sick fantasy.
Yay, we get to see SuperBrony64 danc- oh wait, nevermind.
Play....Pokemon!
I still can't find my Skylanders game...
pyrocatboy: Well, obvsiously, I want them to do better than Hollywood :P
plz be ssbb
Champion_of_Harmony: All the Pokemon games for the Wii suck.
awwww
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY
YES
YEEEEEESSSSSSS
not revolution
Oh yeah in all did I have fun at freshman only day? NO! :[
How was Skylanders? Is it any good?
still good
/me spazzes and foams at the mouth like the foamy mouth guy
AJIsAwesome: It's awesome
chat derp?
11,02I like Skylanders :)
AJIsAwesome: There's another game coming out htis year
AJIsAwesome: i played it once its good
hihi all
and the record for the fasted selling product in the entertainment branche is a game and not a movie :P
Alrighty, as awesome as Rayman O would be, I must depart. Farewell!
Just wanted to know. :)
I'm surprised it got a sequel so quickly...
hai RainbowDash
Ohai RainbowDash!
cool rayman
WindWhistler, it's Activision
bye tSpa...danr it
*darn
*is thinking of getting skylanders for 3ds just for "Dark Spyro"*
Hello Rainb.......
Rayman - a cracked out hyper version of pit fall
Champion_of_Harmony: I wouldn't.
Champion_of_Harmony: Dark Spyro is only different in the 3DS version...and the 3DS game isn't that good...
The console games are better.
dat fairy
hi moopy if you can see me
Can't you attack the sisters?
Why do the faries have huge tits?
NocturnalBlade: Bodacious Nymph
and seriously>
them fairies
Champion_of_Harmony: Cause.
Champion_of_Harmony: They're bodacious nymphs
hey dude
NYMPHS
Why is her face derped?
GET IT RIGHT
DAT DERP EYES
11,02Champion_of_Harmony: Because they are the bodacious nymphs.
/me spazzes
WindWhistler: ah, my mistake lol
i approve of her outfir
what'S this?
/me Pets SuperBrony64
outfit
Champion_of_Harmony, huge tits?
lawl, dat title names
oh, rayman
/me is petted ^_^
I MISS DERPY
SuperBrony64: Won't the nymphs attack you if you attack them?
You haven't seen their hips?
Has anyone played Ocarina of Time the 3ds? How are the controls?
sir derps alot?
SURPRISE, NEW LEVELS
AJIsAwesome: No. They're friendly
SuperBrony64 likes being petted :3
pyrocatboy, they're alright
11,02pyrocatboy: I played it, they are pretty good :D
pyrocatboy: it's good for me.
11,02Ponies47: Moo :3
SuperBrony64: Moo :3
Oh. I heard they would.
right...and are you serious only on 3ds? so even If I had dark spryo and put him on xbox he be regualr spyro?
try backing out and type in your user name
Champion_of_Harmony: No. He'll still be dark Spyro. But his attacks are the same as regular Spyro
ded
On the Wii
SuperBrony64: Oink
But on the 3DS he has a different set of moves
And the 3DS game isn't worth it.
Oh, okay then
Skylanders will probably be the one game I would despise the most
Secret door
CrimsonPhoenix: Because they make you pay to get figures to play the game?
WindWhistler, yes
Furries? Wut.
Eulshy: the food level nymph is even plumpier than the rest :D
What about Resident Evil: Revelations? Is that a good game?
CrimsonPhoenix: Considering they're optional...
it's like real life DLC
Well you only need one of each class to access the doors.
for extra characters?
dat dance
You don't need all the figures to beat the game
MadSurge, fat nymphs need love too
Where in other games you can select your characters?
You can just use the three they give you
What about Resident Evil: Revelations? Is that a good game?
o.O
CrimsonPhoenix: Hey, at least they have more than ONE character to play as...
There's a wide range of characters to play as...
thats great dude
Eulshy: she's the RIGHT plumpy kind of woman :D
And they already give you three of them.
i think im done bye evrey one
MadSurge, exactly
also Spyro is UGLY AS FUCK
bye tigher1001
lawl @ Moopy
Nother door
What about Resident Evil: Revelations? Is that a good game?
but that's my opinion
CrimsonPhoenix: You talking about Beta Spyro or the actual Spyro used?
So I tried taking on the Super Single Line in Pokemon today.
lawl back
Because most people are talking about Beta Spyro...
Beta Spyro?
Back. My internet derped.
CrimsonPhoenix: The picture of Spyro from when the game was a beta.
CrimsonPhoenix: It was horrifying.
Yeah it was
On the second round, got stopped short because Garchomp got killed by Lickylicky's Ice Beam.
ok on September 19th this year Megaman has it's 25th anniverary and there will be a 10CD Soundtrack Collection and more
Facehooves in reply to moopy :P
But he looks a lot better in the Alpha
though I admit I haven't seen the actual spyro now that you mention it
thats great
Hmm or maybe just get a legendary pack for it if I get it...
CrimsonPhoenix: He doesn't look that bad. And he has a nice voice.
Poof
anyway whats yall up to today :D
voice?
Did he really needed a voice?
RainbowDash90: Hello!
was he voiced in the PSX games?
CrimsonPhoenix: Well you can't have them all be silent.
SuperBrony64: Did you get my message?
yes i did
CrimsonPhoenix: Yup.
Has anyone here played RE:Revalations?
Didn't you play any of them?
heeeh guess I can't complain there
I still despise the whole concept of skylanders
optional or not
CrimsonPhoenix: I think it's an interesting concept, even though it's a blatant moneymaking scheme.
11,02AJIsAwesome: Where?
WindWhistler, yeah
I know they just want my money...
But I can't help myself...
blatant money making scheme
/me glomps SuperBrony64
I wantz that game! :O
Because I like the game.
(Yes, I'm kinda cheap using these uber pokemon, but I don't care, as long as they get BP quickly and reliably.)
SuperBrony64: Give me one second.
splish
splash?
HE DIED AGAIN?
/me hugs Bronysith back :D
SB stop dying.
:|
SuperBrony64: Here it is: "Seriously, thank you for streaming this game. This is one of my favorite games to watch AND play.:)"
/me slaps SuperBrony64
is this... rayman?
If you don't stop dying, I'll kill you.
It occurs to me that you need to jump across those enemies to get that coin fingy
Flyboy: Yep.
/me is slapped ;~;
I miss Gex.
OH MY CELESTIA
hey rainbow dash90 what happend?
WHY CAN'T THEY MAKE A NEW GEX GAME!?
11,02AJIsAwesome: :D
nostalgia... destroying... body...
THEY EVEN PUT Q-BERT IN THE NEW PIXAR MOVIE
WindWhistler: You can't really kill someone who's already dead.
SO WHY NOT GEX
AJIsAwesome: that's the point
Gex was annoying
yeah no Spyro is still ugly
WindWhistler: I know.:D
huh only 52 bucks on amazon...but cant decide, skylanders, red dead, portal 2, or dead space?
and that's from watching a lets play on PS3
WindWhistler, That Wrecking Ralph movie?
Any difference between the Wii and 360/PS3 verisons (Yeah I know I said I was leaving but it turns out I have another 10-15 minutes)
must...resist...urge...to find... SuperBrony64's... house...
and Wrecking Ralph ain't Pixar
What about Resident Evil: Revelations? Is that a good game?
Marx: Yup
Flyboy: ._.
Flyboy: I already know where he lives. :D
Door
Oy CK|GW2 , you still herE
CrimsonPhoenix: Yes it is.
WindWhistler, They got ALL the big video game characters didn't they? Who's next, Solid Snake? Liquid?
WindWhistler, so Tangled is Pixar as well?
BROTHER!
Marx: They have some big names with VOICE roles
CrimsonPhoenix: Uhhh...yes...
poof
WindWhistler, nope
Oy CK|GW2 =P
I'm exited for Wrek it Ralph even if it isn't Pixar, if the Producer and he Director know what tehy are doing and have a good vision, than I don't fear it :)
Wait so it's just Disney, not Pixar?
Walt Disney Animation Studios
.....................
they turned 3D just recently
I hear the Super Mario galaxy Overtuere
WHYYYYYYYYYYYY!?
Hyped for Wreck too
Lil_B: Agreed. I hope they'll be able to make good jokes about video games in general.
because
/me sobs
Disney
WHY IS DISNEY GOING 3D?!
DISNEY IS DEAD
WAAAAAAAAAAAAH
/me dies
heh
/me uses Phoenix Down on WindWhistler
is Wrecking Ralph good?
(I'm spazzing out on purpose. I don't actually feel this way)
/me is revived
CrimsonPhoenix we will se when it comes out i believe :(
CrimsonPhoenix: It sure as heck looks good.
hey look a coin fingy
....what about...kingdom hearts? I know that was a good game.
They got freaking Q-BERT in it!
in the ccorner
well what's there to complain
Is stream on?
WindWhistler: The kickbots are staring at your soul
XAX: thanks for the warning.
SirGanjalf: yes
thanks NocturnalBlade
maybe I should see how many kicks I can get in a row...
There's a lot of mods on...
Whaddya say? Should I try?
Not worth it
though I heard Tangled was pretty mediocre
secret door
They have Eggman in it. FREAKING EGGMAN. I'm pretty sure Bowser was a given for that movie, but NOT Eggman.
Oh Rayman
AJIsAwesome: I hear Sonic is also in it.
AJIsAwesome, Robotnik
WindWhistler, woah there
CrimsonPhoenix: Does it really matter at this point?
I heard villains are in
Oh great... my stream keeps buffering
but hero?
I hate this computer
CrimsonPhoenix: Nope, Eggman. It's his modern design.
He's the same person.
LOL FAIL
while Q'Bert is one he's quite old
CrimsonPhoenix: I can't believe people still remember him.
SO WHERE'S GEX AND BANJO AND KAZOOIE?!
AND WHERE'S PARAPPA THE RAPPER?@
/me spazzes
Mario's not in it because it was more expensive than the Bowser cameo
To me he's still Robotnik :D
Comix zone
WindWhistler: One word: Microsoft.
door
Just how much did it cost to get rights from nintendo and sega?
Oh yeaaaah...
I don't think any FAMOUS hero would be in
But where's GEX?!
Gex has been dead for far too long!
WindWhistler: Plus, Nuts and Bolts.
what's the current discustion about?
At least B-K got revived...
QBert is a classic
And Crash. And Spyro
Gex isn't
as much
FUCKING STREAM! Why computer WHY!
CrimsonPhoenix: Darn. You're right.
This will settle it...his name is Doctor Ivo Robotnik aka Doctor Eggman...so either way is fine ^_^
hey number 350
NocturnalBlade: Agreed.
11,02Double kick
NocturnalBlade: Yesh
I call him Doctor Ivo "eggman" robotnik
What bout Ecco the dolphine, those Genesis games are the ultimate unrecognized/unremembered classics.
Spademagnes[R]: good enough lol
Well that was weird
SuperBrony64: "It's Super Effective!"
but seriously from what I've seen
AJIsAwesome and MadSurge thats from the wikipedia page ^_^
no Hero
God damn it stream stop fucking up.... man I need a new computer
Cant wait to see rise of Guardians.
NocturnalBlade: Still, I like that.
just people fan-gasming and pointlessly dreaming of seeing their favorite character so they can fangasm some more
Disney must have a lot of money to spare if they could get so many popular characters in there...
Chun-Li is in the movie.
Isn't she a hero of some sort?
So, I tend to devolpe massive crushes on ponies, and I realize that im OK with that.
And her thunder thighs?
Pic
Rex_Mundi: not alone my friend
WindWhistler: eeyup, Street Fighter lol
would have thought we would be watching the paralympic opening ceremony. oh well
I assume M Bison is in it
I've seen image macros of Wreck-it Ralph. They're hilarious.:D
Of course Vega is in it
CrimsonPhoenix: http://www.ign.com/articles/2012/06/09/the-familiar-faces-of-wreck-it-ralph
BEST LEVELS
Dat chest
LOOK AT ALL THOSE TRAPS <3
CrimsonPhoenix: See Chun-Li?
I see....
Isn't she a hero?
Rayman Origins?
Is the Wii U out?
well it is a fighting game
My computer has to be broken or something because the stream keeps pausing
SpadeMagnes[R]: Truly, its just so damn easy to fall in love with those ponies.
Stab
and the MAIN hero of Street Fighter are Ryu and Ken
Oh oh! Ken is in there!
And he has a speaking role
WindWhistler, where have you seen that?
Eulshy: who's your fav/least fav pony btw?
So close
CrimsonPhoenix: http://www.ign.com/articles/2012/07/19/sonic-street-fighter-characters-confirmed-for-wreck-it-ralph
oooh, Ryu has a speaking role too...
MadSurge Fav is Sweetie Bell, least fav is Rainbow dash
Just to confirm its my shit computer the stream isnt pausing for anyone else is it or lagging?
I got random lags, as well
SpadeMagnes[R]: It's lagging tons here
well fuck me
CrimsonPhoenix: BWA HA HA
Eulshy: glad we agree on the least fav :D
Oh so it isnt just me
Sonic is actually in it
CrimsonPhoenix: What?:O
Lol that was awesome.
but one said it was only rumored
My fav pony at this very moment is rarity, but that changes all the time. My least fav is granny smith, i actually dont like her. Dont care for Snips and Snails either.
But Ryu and Ken do have speaking roles.
Snips and snails are morons
That much we do know~
I have to admit I don't know how to feel about this
CrimsonPhoenix: I knew Eggman was in it, but I'm not sure about Sonic.
11,02:D
11,02Ohai DeathMaidBot :3/
/me is proud that she got CrimsonPhoenix to react.
I AM THE WINNER
Were all those spike really nessicary??
SpadeMagnes[R]: Yes, yes they were.
Lol Rayman is glomping the crystal
is it constantly buffering for you people too?
WindWhistler, you're quite a dick
Rex_Mundi: yep
CrimsonPhoenix: I'm a female so I can't be one of those. :P
Rex_Mundi: yea, from time to time
acting all proud about some trivial thing
CrimsonPhoenix: It was a joke. :{
This isn't Rhythm Heaven :'(
Ok can we all relax here
need more cheast running
Why would I be so proud of something like that?
Thats not how you spell monkey
I think we all need to calm down.:S
I asked that myself
DAT BLINKING
11,02What's going on in here? :I
CrimsonPhoenix: Well now you know I was just kidding.
I ADORE the art style in this game
This game reminds me of earthworm Jim
It is so fluffy!
Yeah
CrimsonPhoenix took something I said seriously so I'm explaining to him.
Okay so we're all on the same page now?
I take everything seriously and at heart when I'm acting serious
Silly Rayman! That's not how you spell Ponies.
Is Foamy the squirle singing in the background?
11,02WindWhistler and CrimsonPhoenix, please stop arguing.
Rex_Mundi: i think so yes
:P
SuperBrony64, kinda late for that
i win the argument
We were arguing? O_o
cause i win
Okay Eulshy, have a trophy
Rex_Mundi: or he is just thinking of something cause it sounds like he is going "ummm ummm ummmmmmm"
and yeah we weren't really arguing
11,02Either way, I said stop it.
WOOOH
Trophy
SuperBrony64: I'm sorry. D:
and we have before you warned us
Will a hug make you feel better?
I'm really digging this background hum
aww
Yikes, I think I just put everyone in a bad mood.
/me slinks away....
Now Rayman is gone
WindWhistler, you haven't really done anything wrong
/me hugs WindWhistler
Oh phew...
I was worried.
its ok WindWhistler you is forgiven ^_^
/me hugs SuperBrony64 back
/me hugs SuperBrony64.
/me hugs Vordox back ^-^
11,02Everypony, hug CCCP :D
/me hugs CCCP
/me hugs CCCP.
/me rises from grave and hugs CCCP
Dem reactions timez, SuperBrony64 :P
11,02What reactions time?
/me hugs back
brb gonna go make a sandwich ^_^
There is none :p
Zing!
Chat is slow today.
D:
11,02D:
Also, why do I love Sonic's singing voice in Sonic Underground?
now what?
He sounds annoying normally...but when he sings...
I like it.
Jaleel White?
Oh oh let's watch MST3K
Pleaaaaaaaaaaaase?
king of the hill
what happen? i went to pick up my little bro from school
/me gives SuperBrony64 puppy eyes
thelonepony: you got stuck sad inside a wall
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
/me holds a gun to her head
I will NEVER sink to that level
nooooooooooo WindWhistler
NEVER
YOU CAN'T MAKE ME WATCH SOUTH PARK
don't do it!!
/me pauses stream
wait south park. i liek
Ewww Comedy Central...
They sucked after they took off MST3K
And this is after MST3K switched to Sci-Fi...
I thouht MSt3K sounded really cool by description, but when I watched it--it was so boring
^
to each their own
Vivix: You probably watched the wrong episodes
I dunno, they were just too long
Woah Skippage
Vivix: Try the short "Johnny at the Fair"
It was some space sci fi movie?
mst3k and rifftrax dont make enough good jokes in the hours they have
I've seen or well, heard quotes, from some of the ones Shizuka streams at times
Is the tsream messing up? It seems like its skiping.
like during HP origina lstream, and yeah not for me I htink
The cast was on a roll in "The Final Sacrifice" and "Space Mutiny"
I might give a short one a chance just in case, so yeah
Vivix: I recommend "Johnny at the Fair" it's only 10 minutes and it's hilarious.
11,02lol
/me writes it down in notepad
is anyone else getting an occasional lag?
guess not.
I'm not on stream atm, moving computer to new desk and tidying up livingroom
11,02Dat 'NOTHING' sing
11,02sign*
all the buffer = :(
^
If you want, you can ask people at http://www.club-mst3k what they would recommend.
so Now they mentioned the buffer..
They're pretty active
aww lag buffer thing :(
<.<
I usually find 150 people watching on that site each day
all them fat people
You guys are trying to tempt me to unpause the stream, aren't you?
IT'S NOT GONNA WORK
Everybody in Cartmans family but for his mom are fat
it will work
Hello everypony
Ihop: No it won't.
IT WILL
wow the lag is bad on the episode is anypony else getting lag x_x
lowfn_Working: Hello!
Lots of lag
GADDAMIT
See? South Park screws up your streams. :|
11,02Here, let me see what I can do
What is with all the lag!?!?! D:
11,02I think it's MIPS
11,02Let me change the embed
Barbetos|AtWork: That's what I thought
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5IrRe2F7qY
http://derpibooru.org/85554?scope=scpef37dac3f064beb46d2ca6436dfe7afc2ff753f8c love patapon
Just becuase he is changing the embed does not mean you should throw up a youtube video Ihop
I like your spirit though XD
11,02Refresh your embed please :)
If we're fast enough! We can post 50 videos!
Aww.. too slow
QUICK!
I lol'd btw Ihop
hi
Give us back sweetie belle Thrackerzod !!
I mean. Hi.
good Barbetos|AtWork just as planned
application rejected connection?
nah
^
that's the weirdest message yet.
To many viewers?
dat old guy
i got it as well wind
connection is fail?
WindWhistler|School: i got the same
my connection is fail
this stream thinks it's so smart...
It's insulting us.
:|
XDXDXD
SuperBrony64, you chose a mean stream. D:
Is it mips that has all the porn ads?
11,02Mean? :<
I once got ad that said "horny girls are waiting for you!"
Yeah, it's telling us our connections are fail.
lawl at wind
ALLL THE PORNS
IT'S MOCKING OUR CONNECTIONS
Vivix: Get adblock.
Vivix: its google ads, its gives you ads dependign on what you view online :P
I for one have excellent connection.
whos watching porn now?
no google adsense bans adult advertisements
the ads on mips are aa different company
My fingy has failed
im on hi speed so i shouldent be having the issue :P
GYAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
/me quickly shuts off stream
i have a decent connection, but the first time i saw the application rejected thing was earlier today when my internet was being a b*tch
THE HORROR
NNNNNYYYYAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!
yay it working now
/me cries
not for me :(
It was so horrible...
ok it works
whats causing all the connections
The unfunniness
kenny <3
I don't think I'll be able to laugh again...
11,02lol
/me sobs
WindWhistler|School: first time seeing south park? :P
HAVE MERCY SuperBrony64
11,02Cut the complaining out WindWhistler :<
twilight_sprinkle: It's horrid.
ded
YYYYAAAYYY!!!!!! it work :D
whats the matter WindWhistler
yep kennys gunna die
poor winfd
Well I paused the stream anyways.
/me shudders
WindWhistler|School: indeed, first epsode i saw, which was here, had a...diarrhea moment <.<
hey superbrony64 send me a xbox live party invite later ok
crinchy poo
11,02Moopy: Okay :)
cool
YYYAAAYYY N STUFF
never forget
Okay I'm gonna go watch something that's actually enjoyable
again?
and funny
The most I've ever laughed at SP was they took our jobs gag
do what you like wind
otherwise I don't watch it much
manson is such a bro
fatass cartman
fudge cicle!
Dat constantly changing forehead tattoo
better than a banana peel
true
how many times has this happened
:D
if it aint palmeral, you're gonna get cancer lol
Who's streaming? :3
Spell-of-Gaming: SuperBrony64
don't taunt the reindeer
Cervine anything <3
a gang of murderus whores
SuperBrony64 Hey have you ever played Arc Rise Fantasia?
MEDIC!!!
kennys ded
SHIT THEY KILLED KENNY
time for a song
someone shoot dis fuck
happyhappyhappyhappy
mansan just sang you a song
11,02Not sure who that girl is next to Cartman...
how did that happen
lol
huh
I dunno either
Some random girl
She don't matter!
:D
cartman has one beautiful singing voice^^
Everyting in South Park is bucked up
:| srly
*Everything
everything
dat loading
Oh God this episode! XD
Allo everyone.
hi Meanwhile
I remeber this one :P
Hey Meanwhile!
hai everypony :)
hi Michael
hi
hai Michael
Marklar marklar
Hai Michael
Ded
lions
hoi Michael
how you doing Michael
bye marklar
/me hugs NocturnalBlade Falon thelonepony MLP_Brovakiin alexxm twilight_sprinkle
alexxm: good, you?
:D
i'm good Michael
I LOVE this episode
good evening
Ohai Michael :3
Marvin!!
/me hugs Ponies47
hoi Applejack2012
oh the irony
/me Hugs Michael back
Michael: Hello!
hai Applejack2012
Hewwo Michael
Oh boy! Starvin Marvin in space!
/me hugs AJIsAwesome Eulshy
Hey Applejack2012
lol
Wheeee!
Is this a story about Anakin Skywalker?
the MIB?
Spaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaace
Barbetis|AtWork, if he was a starvin african child
He wasn't?
they must waterbord kenny
Its the only way
Totally.
"Towtaliy"
AUSTRALIA :O
Lawl Phase. :D
/me in Australia...
wut
The crocodile hunter.
Meanwhile: i see what u did there
The Planet of Australia!
Planet Australia
planet of australia
fine planet?
Mayor of Australia? :D
FFFFFFFFFF-
Nope.
lol
seee church, leaves
Lawl
I like missionary.
=D
Something I thought of once when I was Power Whipping crap: "Hi, Billy Mays here with the Power Whip!"
Kinda fits.
Oh dear.
HAHAHA
LAWl
:D
xD
Jabba the Hutt!!!!!!
jabba the hutt
Oh dear, Queen Slurm.
jabba the hutt!
<-- Dat face
she got fatter
i've seen this
dabuck!
11,02Marx :P
now I want chocolate yum yum bar
chocolota are for srs business
*chocolate
Hi SuperBrony64!
:P
11,02Hai :d
11,02:D
dat song
ohai SuperBrony64
,,,'
xD
Good evening
Hey! South Park!
Dying
:D
travel without music?
<--- Dat Religion...
how you doing Applejack2012
say Michael!
11,02Hey! LadyCanary! :D
Ew...
Lemme guess, this is your stream SB64? :3
hai LadyCanary
11,02Maybeh :3
Hey LadyCanary! :)
give them food jackwagons
click click dirk
Klick Klick Derk
ohai LadyCanary
Ponies47! How was your first day?
how've things been LadyCanary
11,02Lol
That's the joke Ihop.
i know
GOING TO THE MOOON
ello everypony :)
hello everypony
SPACE!!
hihi
Hello
hi NocturnalBlade
hey
hi MLP_Brovakiin and Michael
hai CCCP
LadyCanary: Hello!
I wonder if south park will address mlp fim or the fans
ello CCCP
lmao
Been good, alexxm.
i hope so Alchemist
they are bigheads!
lol
Alchemist: there was rumors about them doin that
Alchemist: Haven't they made a parody about MLP yet?
I had better days
SMURFS
enope
they have not on the South Park end
AJIsAwesome: not to my knowledge, at least not in south park
also, I miss rifftrax?
dat Ponies47
lol
...yay?
Thanks, otakon.
so much confusion
Ponies are now marklar
click click dirk
lol
otakon: I don't think so.
urgh...
That thinking...
:D
so Ponies47 how was Freshman only day? :3
I hear marklar likes to marklar with marklar
It was not my week alex
Sorry. I just had to share some of that r34 with you guys.
guys is the stream down?
otakon nope
goddammit then why isn't mine loading/
LAWL
wtf...
otakon cuase limev sucks
everything is for USA!
You can't just place your name on stuff like that...
/me places a 'PROPERTY OF SB64' sticker on otakon
and its that simple :D
I love the hut hut sounds
Whoa.
11,02You're mine otakon o-o
Can I get soma those stickers with my name on it?
Man I hate these people.
goddammit lag
/me hugs SuperBrony64
lag lag lag
/me hugs CCCP :D
ofc these asshats would do it
/me puts a "PROPERTY OF SPRINKLE RACE" tag on SuperBrony64|Zzz
SuperBrony64|Zzz: didnt expect that, did youy
GOOD DAY GENTLEMEN
Hey StinkomanFan!
Good evening
ohai StinkomanFan
Integrotai
tah*
StinkomanFan: Hello!
kid is boss
noo!
KENNY NO!
dammit lag
11,02O.O
No, not Kenny!
Some friends.
dammit!
no no he's done for
Kenny NOO!
lolwut
wait he's fine
MISSSIONAAARIESSS
wow they work fast
11,02Why did you put SuperBrony64|Zzz?
xD
take down the CBC
lol
more donations
THEY NEED MORE DONATIONS
need lazors!
wow
lol
I told you she would become Jabba
SuperBrony64|Zzz: cause thats your name :3
Jabba the hutt http://derpibooru.org/65177?scope=scpe4fa78f85f662ad58d8496a56b41553df93a147c6
these guys remind me of peter popoff
11,02No it's not o.o
Alchemist: that's the point
11,02My name right now is SuperBrony64.
....
o3o
Kenny No!
11,02Are you pressing tab? o.O
Salacious Crumb
kenny always dies :D
SuperBrony64|Zzz: O_o i am
SuperBrony64: yes
11,02What client are you using?
If I change my name Ping stops working, HydraIRC is weird
:D
and then MORE DONATIONS
SuperBrony64: I got the normal one here. <--
DAMNIT STOP DONATING FOR STUPID STUFF D:
Photon torpedoes
okay HOW do they do these instantly?
SuperBrony64|Zzz: the flash browser one
hiya Shizuka
Screw your words.
11,02That's weird...
Free Pins!
hi Shizuka
Meanwhile! ^_^
NO!
wooo free pin
Yeah. Donate your monies for more ponies!
twilight_sprinkle, refresh
13what
need donations to church for make MOAR science?, seems legit
hiya Meanwhile, LadyCanary
11,02Dat Shizuka
oh shit
SuperBrony64|Zzz: hmm, maybe its cause i didnt refresh chat and it reconnected itsel
jesus wants a spaceship
13why ping
*itse;g
Shizuka: People pinging you for no reason. Go figure.
**itself
ohai Shizuka
Shizuka: oh I thought I saw you go from Shizusleep
11,02okie :3
and the one time Cartman is decent
Damn, Kenny got fucked up
SuperBrony64: youre lucky, i tagged the wrong guy then <.<
0,5Press 5!
Kenny NNOOOO!!!
AWWWW
13[12:06] *** You're now known as [Shizuka]
otakon: he never is
13[16:42] [ otakon] Shizuka: oh I thought I saw you go from Shizusleep
Dat heart hit
/me 11,01presses BaconMane
Dat BaconMane :3
13slow much?
hey guys, i think theyre referencing star wars...
what?
:D
0,5Press 8!
Shizuka: I saw the ticker change
lol
/me glomps twilight_sprinkle ^-^
13[16:42] *** SuperBrony64|TEST is now known as SuperBrony64
xD
MORE DONATIONS!
tiberien junker
/me nomz SuperBrony64 :3
0,5Press 5 and then 8!
OH FOR FECK SAKE; STOP DONATING TO RELIGION who is NOT religionffs
more science
instantaneous donation changes!
/me 11,01would like donations :/
11,02<@Shizuka> [16:42] *** SuperBrony64|TEST is now known as SuperBrony64
BaconMane, needs more Ponies
i look like a fucking idiot
13[16:43] [@SuperBrony64] <@Shizuka> [16:42] *** SuperBrony64|TEST is now known as SuperBrony64
0,5Yay someone got the reference
11,02<@Shizuka> [16:43] [@SuperBrony64] <@Shizuka> [16:42] *** SuperBrony64|TEST is now known as SuperBrony64
/me donates his liver to Nittany_Discord
BaconMane: ?
Can we stop that now?
this reminds, lemme check how the Hey ocean world tour is going at kickstarter
0,5<@SuperBrony64> <@Shizuka> [16:43] [@SuperBrony64] <@Shizuka> [16:42] *** SuperBrony64|TEST is now known as SuperBrony64
BaconMane, How embarassin
11,01BaconMane: YouTube trolling?
/me glomps Shizuka and BaconMane ^-^
0,5IM MY OC BLONIC
0,5DO NOT STEAL
Nittany_Discord, Youtube Commenters 2
how is youtube trolling?
LAWL
11,01I meant comments.
0,5Nittany its a video
oh
This is a stupid conversation.
0,5Im not referring to comments
0,5The video is
DAT UNDERSTANDING
0,5:P
11,01I know BaconMane.
/me dusts and cleans Nittany_Discord squeaky clean
Marklar should marklar marklar.
Meanwhile: only an idiot would understand that.
11,01But it's a video about YT comments.
11,01PillowPoni|InClass: Thanks.
/me hugs SB
marklar everything
this is how you dodge the FCC :D
YAY!
That's nice
:D
yes thats nice
Yes that's nice, thank you for stopping by.
:D
and then Marvin was never seen again
13elsie is still having an identity crisis
ok well, marklar marklar, all marklar
Shizuka: apparently
oh ohai BaconMane :)
0,5e/bglskdngsa;hg
Ohai Nittany_Discord and Shizuka
that was great and funny
Ohi Marklar
Hey BaconMane
11,01Hi Ponies47.
0,5Hi ther
13you don't have to hide who you are LordCelestia
good evening
0,53:
0,5:<
BaconMane: did your keyboard get the sudden debilitating disease of "cat on my keys"?
BaconMane: LET LOSE THE BACON!
otakon: loose*
That happens to my keyboard all the time...
Seeing Nittany_Discord's text outside of webclient for first time, surprised at black background
0,5UNLEASH THE BACON
/me hugs Shizuka :3
0,5=================================================
Realizing it would be invisible on white-
/me gets bacon'd
13canary canary~<3
Meanwhile: :| damn your grammar nazing
11,01Vivix: Yep.
/me had bacon for lunch today
11,01Cyan on black.
lolz
BACON!!
/me noms upon delicous chat bacon
Aww Yeahh, looks pretty neat on its own
bacon
11,017,4 Bacon! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Also, my ping didn't set off event, aah why Hydra
mmmm bacon
What in Equestria is going on here??
That is one ugly combo Nitt.
NOT BACON!
0,5wait a minute that means I just broke a rule
EVIL BACON!
Mod wars :3
/me MY EYES, DEAUGHUAHGH
0,5o__o im a bad boy
Nittany_Discord: evil bacon!
thanks for the stream dude
Nittany_Discord: that looks like chilli flavored bacon
SuperBrony64: done streaming for now?
Dat ban.
who got banned?
Flim Flam back canon
13bet that broke his autojoin
ban?
11,02brb :)
Baconmane did.
odl
11,01Alchemist: I guess it is *shrug*?
Hehehe
thanks superbrony64 see you on the xbox
/me 0,5sobs
0,5IM SO DISTRAUGHT
BaconMane: stop getting banned
/me 11,01hugs BaconMane
BaconMane: why?
kill them all
13BaconMane: USE LESS TRANS FATS THEN
0,5Like this?
you can't break the rules if those who enforce them are dead
0,5
Whole wheat bacon?
0,5Wheat bacon.....
i love bacon guys
And now something educational. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9PSEwcRyxU
i liek bacon
hay bacon strips?
13elsie was cool
13this guy is
Bacon is meh
...i mean... Banana Bacon...
0,5Im still Elsie! d:
you were LC
Now we need cider song
Bacon is my favourite meat, one of the last thigns I can stand eating, I'd chew on BaconMane's Mane all day
YOU ARE NO LONG LC!
Until he's BalD
you are now, BM!
Hes LC in my heart
0,5LC|BaconMane
dammit what is wrong with me damn typing today?
so he's LCBM?
0,5THIS IS THE LCBM
11,02Press play again :)
0,5STOP RIGHT THERE
In the mind of all the inhabitants of Pooland, he is known as LC
otakon what's wrong with your typing every day?
you know who killed the dinosaurs?
ME!
Meanwhile: you.
OH JESUS THIS.
0,5LCPD! Hands behind your head!
Now you fucked up.
Wait...
Pauly_P: what about Zoidberg?
lol
0,5Give it up tough guy!
:D
Lord Bacon-Maned Celestia
Onee-chan
Do it filly
0,5You cant run from a chopper smart guy!
o shiz is the fuz!!!
Oniichan
dammit it's so cute sounding
0,5Anyone know what im talkin about?
too cute
Howdy everypony!
GET AWAY FROM DA CHOPPAH
No. Stop talking.
NOW YOU FUCKED UP
0,5NOW YA FUCKED UP
0,5NOW YA FUCKED UP
ohai tSparx
0,5etc
lol
YOU FUCKED UP NOW
hai
Onee chan
dat duck face
hai tSpark
lool
onee chan
oni chan my hips are movein on their oooown
LC|BaconMane: So much up
hoi tSparx
now IIRC, oneechan is basicaly big brother correct?
dat minnesotaburns :P
Hi everypony!
hiya Sploofy
ello Sploofy
Hey just to let you ponies know that i have mincecraft for the xbox
I have never seen this
hello
ohai Sploofy
LC|BaconMane, could you please be quiet
DERP
:P
I liked that
...
Barbetos: have you seen this one? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wk_FkrNvFDQ
oh god
well this is sickening
11,02No YouTube links during stream, please :)
what faggot would make this
CrimsonPhoenix Noone simply tells JarlBaconHead to "be quiet"
who ever is in charge of the video stream your behined lol
Buytoast: Oy!
this doesn't work
no twilight_sprinkle lmao
11,02Buytoast: Watch the language
there is a stream?
Buytoast: D3vilssj apparently.
How is everyone? I've been gone for a long time!
Buytoast: Plenty of "faggots" have made plenty of good things.
11,02There's a stream.
Buytoast: dammit man the hell thats awful hateful
I'm having trouble with the stream
CRAZ-E
...Oh my gosh.
I dun see it... :|
is lime v acting up for anyone else
11,02Make sure you press play :)
CrimsonPhoenix: clear cache, refresh
hey superbrony64 when i get 99 friends on the xbox is it ok to add you on my list?
alexxm: it was for me earlier
theres a stream? it stopped a while ago
Looks like Buytoast is "attempting to troll" again:D.
F5! DO YALL SPEAK IT?
:3
11,02Moopy: You can add me anytime you want :)
brb need a drink
ohey stream
eeyup
i refreshed and got the connection failed message
SuperBrony64, cause I'm the dumbest person on earth
Damnit. I still have an hour of work to go
THis place is so slow today
i have Connection failed
no stream for me. After hitting play: Connection failed: Application rejected connection.
i cant connect stream :(
AJIsAwesome: Looks more like someone spent a lot of time syncing audio to a shit song.
/me hugs CrimsonPhoenix ^-^
even after reloading the page
What Alchemist said
I got the same thing
same for me
yeah... there isn't a stream...
i want to see stream :(
there we go
there is a problem
Ohai CrimsonPhoenix
Dovah: turned out there is, press play or refresh
helloo
CLEAR YOUR CACHE!
ohai CrimsonPhoenix
REFRESH THE STREAM!
this is just a terribly made mish mashed menagerie of crappy audio and a bad song
LimeV can be a bitch sometimes, do whatever you can to make it work
hi
twilight_sprinkle: I did, repeatedly
seriously if MY shitternet is getting it yours can...
Dovah: *shrug*
ctrl-f5?
this song will be stuck in my head..... confound you SuperBrony64 :|
Dovah: i guess clear cache if you want
i see Moopy again care to bet how long he last this time ?
SO... WATCH OUT
twilight_sprinkle: huh?
yessssss
lol
...
Too long.
otakon, nope
I can live with this
wat
:D
best
Dovah: ask otakon, ive never cleared my cache. i think theres a button somewhere
Potato
SO CUUUUUUUUUUUUUUTE
DEGU
cleared cookies, reloaded whole page, still nothing. ah well, it will work eventually
under the stream
Cookies!
at least it's not a bunch of spliced audio clips
thank you Sesame Street
ooooo! i love cookies
cookiez
11,02Sesame Street is approved for all ages :D
^
agreed
^^
SuperBrony64: O.O
otakon: Did you know the puppeteer of the Count passed away?
;3;
PP approes
can i have a cookie?
sadface
LadyCanary: yes...;_;
11,02LadyCanary: Aww ;~;
i saw a cookie monster dub over batman video earlier today, it fit sooo well
om nom
tomato
Stream is dead for me is that normal?
betty crocker :D
0,5CROCKPOT
Metronome: no, clear your cache and refresh the stream
I went to Sesame Place with my campers, and oh my gosh it was so much fun ^o^
otakon, IT DOESN'T WORK
"Pinkie, I eat hay! *You* eat hay." /alrighti'llstop
13actually the limev embed is just broken
13please hold
I can't see the stream
oh
Quit rejecting meeee!!!
THERE
Metronome: theres a stream, try play, or refresh, or refresh whole page, or close and open browser, or dif broswer, or clear cache
HA
well I guess I lucked out
Hay weres applebloom?
Today I woke up with period blood all over me, ran around the house several times in search of pads we don't have, went to school, padless, glassesless, and a couple minutes late
0,5jbdglsaedg
I'm still not getting one.
8)
BOLD
Metronome: nvm
0,5============
The stream is like all the girls i ask out on dates all of the sudden, minus the laughing.
dat skype
CrimsonPhoenix: I'm sorry usually its my shitternet
thats great :P
Yup
XD
ded?
oh dammit
mine just died too
and stream ded
NO!
/me buries stream
COOKIE MONSTER NO!!!!!!!!!!!!
0,5*snickers*
Lets say our prayers
i got cookies. i'm not gonna share :P
not big suprise.
why? is he ban evading?
Eli: But it
'O lord, take this stream unto thine busom.
/me Steals Eli cookes
In eternal buffer.
Eli: But it's Cookie Monster..:(
/me noooo ma cookies :(
otakon, seriously when you have something like this http://i.imgur.com/f4Z0u.png and you have an internet that is faster than 96% of Canada
/me steals the cookies Ponies47 stole
you know there's a problem
'twas a good stream, had many friends, few enemies. may he rest in peace
Can anyone talk like the cookie monster here?
:3
Meow
:3
And I lost the stream :/
brb
rawr
then, eternal buffer :(
:3
'Pater noster, qui es in coelis, sanctificetur streamum tuum, adventas Ponias tuas, sicut in Equestria et in terra...'
k otakon
Ponies47: me too T_T
:(
11,02Refresh stream embed :)
Ponies47: SUPRISE <3
probably not
CrimsonPhoenix: are you callking Canadians fat?
SuperBrony64: wahhhsss up/
Hi Mishia! <3
it beend a long time so ay be his ban got lift
hi
Barbetos|AtWork, what?
its been *
i can check
>>><CrimsonPhoenix> otakon, seriously when you have something like this http://i.imgur.com/f4Z0u.png and you have an internet that is faster than 96% of Canada
maybe*
SuperBrony64, Sumica, and Nittany_Discord are my favirote mods <3
damn can't spell nothing today
anypony have stream?
uhhh stream is still ded for me
Why you call canada fat?
11,01Thanks Mishia <3
=P
i refreshed the stream
there is none
All wub all dem mods <3
Because Canada, Barbetos|AtWork
Nittany_Discord: my math teacher is a brony <3
yes, stream
stream!
also i doubt he is smart enough for that
theres a picture of astream now
Mishia: Lucky O_O
LadyCanary: That is the reason for all things.
but still buffering
13Refresh your embeds. You should be seeing Mips again.
11,02i liek cookies ^-^
barbetos canadas streaming isind bad so drop it would you >.<
11,01Nice Mishia.
oh boy
works now
blast from the past
CU!....
electrolytes ther what plants crave
cookiezz
Um.. nevermind.
aaaaand the stream is back
Mishia: Sweet! How did you know?
:)
Ihop: Dat Idiocracy.
hi
Hello, Nittany_Discord.:)
Ihop: wtflol
LoGaN: Hello.
ohai LoGaN
11,01Hi AJIsAwesome.
AJIsAwesome: i walked into my math class wearing my pinkie pie shirt, and he leans next to me and says, "Pinkie pie is ok, but Twilight Is my favriote"
hi
hoi LoGaN
Hey AJIsAwesome
Mishia who said this
Mishia: :D
Mishia: That's awesome.:O
Mishia: your teacher?
Mishia: Yay!
AJIsAwesome: then a 3-way brohoof (random brony passerby) commenced
twilight_sprinkle: yes
Mishia: he is a wise man.
I eat all your cookies
Mishia: BEST DAY EVER!
Right from your cookie jar
Mishia: YOU ARE SO LUCKY O_O
Barbetos|AtWork: well i stole your face
hi
People at my work knows I'm a Brony
/me has also met another fellow brony today at school :3
unfortunately i never found out if my previous physics lecturer was a brony, he seemd like the kind of guy that mightve been...
And I work with a brony too
Mishia Now I have not face and diabetes... =(
no*
13moopy was unbanned
/me has never met another brony in person :(
My only fellow brony irl is my best friend Victoria, but she lives down in New Orleans, and never see her :/
yeah, didnt see his hostname in the ban list :p
/me wants a brony friend at school :(
Eli simple get your friends to watch the show
i met her because she had a fluttershy shirt on :$
Eli I could help you with that. Wana hang out?
tSparx: hope she's okay, they had that nasty storm down there recently
Lets go play billards sometime Eli!
Ponies47: lol ikr that explained why he was such a good teacher. 1. gives you note forms to use 2. always open to question 3. ridculsly good at teaching :3
Barbetos|AtWork: depends where you're at :)
13ban list is public?
13or you mean channel list
Ernie, you're kind of scaring me....:S
channel ban list XD
13k good
6th street in austin at the pool hall then Eli?
RUBBER DUCKIE!
13cause we maintain our own records
ERNIE NO! WE HAVE CHILDREN WATCHING!
lawl he isnt k-lined
Ponies47: and why he made so many pony refrances. everytime someone did a question right, he went "yay" softly
tSparx: well good to hear
i hope
Run its Ernie!
Mishia: That's an AWESOME math teacher.:O
Mishia: HAH
i can still see bstates ban list via colloquy though
that is 8 fellow bronies at my school so fay :$
Mishia: Nice! :D
far*
Barbetos|AtWork: i'm no pro at geo, but that sounds like it's across the pond :(
disney!
Only question to myself: never noticed the bonbon and carrottop sitting on his cupoard o-o
ernie scrubbin his balls on tv again?
*Congrats*
13channel bans are synchronized on join
I always have Lag on SuperBrony64 streams.
My stomach likes to make whale noises
dem shirts fish out the bronies :P
13but like i said we keep our own records
Eli if you think so then most likely =P
yeah
Time to get swiming!
welp now my stream is lagging out
so xplay showed an mlp skyrim mod lol
/me needs to find his brony bracelet
i'm buffering continuosly :c
^
Sketch_Toku_Brony: How did they portray it?
same here Michael
Michael: me too
/me buffers Michael
11,02Here, let me know if this fixes it :)
welp muting sound sombody IM me when south park is back or MLP :D thankksss :)
http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/z1c9z/i_am_barack_obama_president_of_the_united_states/
but if any german brony would like a meetup, I'm staying in Berlin for a week starting 9. 30.
OH MY GOSH
THROWBACK
11,02O3O
also the brony i met today had Twilight hanging from her backpack :$
lol
why in the buck is the chat here?
its on next to the stream o_o
*its not
I've seen that ;3
lmao dat link
AJIsAwesome: yup, it was
is anyone else getting major lag?
^
SuperBrony64: YOU HAVE SOME LAG THERE
I mean good lord
yeh still buffery
brb
hey everypony remember me :)
LET THE BUFFER COMMENCE
ello DJ_POn-3
Another was on visit and saw I was on a FiM forum
Getting frequent buffer here too.
hiya DJ_POn-3 and yes
O_______o
Lol
DJ_POn-3: Welcome back!
RUN ANGLE!
hi
No toy?
no toy
:<
lol Obama on reddit. and he proved it by "He faxed a copy of his birth certificate." XDDDDDDDDDDDDD
how is everypony :)
Oh Reddit comments
....
Lawl
Well I guess I'm voting Republican this year
/me faints
my jessus SuperBrony64 fix that lag
hey DJ_POn-3 im fine, hows yourself
hai DJ_POn-3
/me cowers in a corner, pouring bleach into his eyes
Buytoast: why would you do that?
LAG! OH LAG! BUFFER OH LAG! LAG LAG LAG BUFFER BUF-FE
dam buffer
Loving this.
^ sing to the tune of the Russina anthem
if Obama is going to Reddit, i ain't votin for him
awesome got A+ on an algebra assessment :D
I thought that theme was awesome.
/me is fine now, though his eyes burn a little bit.
But I am sure they changed it cuase some one would of been offended.
DJ_POn-3: nice
http://i.imgur.com/0Hmgi.jpg
Buytoast: -.(\
lol dem reddit comments. barrack" i care about interneet freedom as much as you do, we'll fight to protect it", user: "sure, but do you like cats?"
DJ_POn-3: Very nice
11,02better?
SuperBrony64: Yep.
DJ_POn-3: Stick with it. Calculus is a LOT of fun imo.
Course I am weird sooo..
And a huge nerd
calculus is fun
alright Barbetos
and integrals are very important
I'm getting something on Mips.
11,02I warn, it's going to be really bad quality, but at least there, hopefully, won't be any lag...
Twilight sparkle pronounces the "h" in herbal.
SuperBrony64: it's better
Huh.
tSparx: where?
okay how is AC3 gonna work?
im voten for Bit ROMnney
In Bridle Gossip, "Zecora, would you be willing to brew up another batch of your *h*erbal soup?"
I mean besides being a decent AC, I mean it's pretty low that's like platemail
lulz
tSparx: because just lately i got scolded by a 12 year old for doing that...
lol
IM AN ALCHOHOLIC
the hell
im an alchoholic
more koth
Oh! I've seen this one!
so some overrated fanfiction got featured on FIMfiction
SB64, Hank of the Hill.
oh god
omg i saw this greving it was legendary
i'm back, what did i miss?
wow assholes
Michael: Welcome back!
Michael: lag
otakon: IKR?
wb
otakon: better miss lag :D
I wonder if she uses a lot of British spellings, like I do?
no idea
here we go
Eli: You can do whatever you want, Eli ;)
Eli: my british aunt used to say she didn't have a strong accent
lol
Admin mistake #1: Forgetting to deOp a user.
eeyup
/me wants minecraft :(
Michael: play classic till then *snuggles*
gotta see this
Mishia: it's free?
/me has minecraft
i have the xbox version not as fun but i want crative mode damnit :[
O_______o
11,02What's the point of a sponge block? o.o
i dunno
and it crashes
SuperBrony64: it absorbs water
SuperBrony64: Isn't it cometic?
lol http://photos.ellen.warnerbros.com/gallery-images/2012/04/9148_Clumsy_3_full.jpg
What does a sponge block do?
SuperBrony64: within like a 10 meter daius
giant llama
SuperBrony64, in the Classic Minecraft, it used to delete Water block within a 2 block radius.
THE YELLOW GOO SCENARIO!
biggest fun i had the whole day today: my brother playing WoW. does anyone play wow here? they started updateing, and it seems like fun
omg
Eli: i used to play it
Now it's a just a decoration block as far as I know.
Eli: used to, didn't like it too much.
dat castle
i saw this on the news http://tosh.comedycentral.com/blog/files/2011/12/tumblr_lvjdmtMreG1qewacoo1_r1_500.png
it still deletes water blocks
twilight_sprinkle: from what i saw today, they finaly managed to RUIN the game completely
DJ_POn-3: the buck?
and kaboom
lol
this is funny
Eli: yeah from what i saw since cata, i didnt liek it either. i stopped playing after wotlk
ok
dat griefing.... ive seen this video :P
it's official
these dudes are dicks
lol
suddenly sponge cathedral
as much as my interest is very low because of what I heard
I will struggle myself to read Pastsins
Ihop: well apparently the Admin is a homophobe but 'eh'
King Spongebb Castle
and I do believe I am going to hate myself for it
dark
SPONGE BOY ME BOB
i do like the sponge things though
Moo ^.^
Moo~
StinkomanFan: and that's actually a quote
and the Germans were SPONGED
German embassy to sponge
dun dun dun
?
princess celestia will be like THE BUCK http://www.threadless.com/product/771/zoom.gif
No avo :<
swiss flag! swiss flag!
wtf
DJ_POn-3: ?
anyway brb
lol
Switzerland! Gooooo Roge rFederer!
*Roger Federer...i misspelled His name, i must punish myself
these guys are so edgy
/me hits himself with a lamp
i showed it to my friend and she said to that picture "i wonder what unicorn farts smell like" i lost it :P
These guys are dicks....:S
I AM TRYING TO SWEAR
DJ_POn-3: rainbows
lol
this one is just plain funny http://i.minus.com/ieaTBYQZZb8Be.gif
i find this funny
OH JEESUS
11,02Thanks for tuning in everypony ^-^
lalalalalal!!!
oh no
spaaaace
lalalalalalalalalalalaaaaaaaaaa
SuperBrony64: love yah
thanks sb
I found it ridiculous that that one server had NO backups at all.
luna :3
SuperBrony64: Thank you, SuperBrony64.:)
Thanks for the stream SuperBrony64 :3
tnx for stream SuperBrony64
bum
DJ_POn-3: what the fuuuu
thanks SuperBrony64
ok seriously I really cannot bring myself on reading Past Sins
Meaning all damage done was permanent.
thank you for the stream
OMG I LOVE THIS.
thanks for the stream SuperBrony64
thx for stream SuperBrony64
ikr that picture puzzled me as well
thanks for steaming

..
dis makes me happy .D
:D
Sigh,I wish i could stream.
good morning bronystate! :)
ello DaringDerpy
...anyways... good night guys
11,02Actually...
mornin
hoi DaringDerpy
Hallo DaringDerpy
ohai DaringDerpy
11,02There is...one more thing :3
hi
bye Eli
DaringDerpy: Good morning! Or afternoon.
I WOULD STREAM ME SINGING.
Eli: Bye!
hai DaringDerpy :)
how you doing DaringDerpy
And I would mute you singing.
One moooooore thing
great :)
good evening from here
nite Eli
My singing is good.
hey DaringDerpy
I missed the stream :(
Night Eli
one more thing SuperBrony64 o.o?
I sing like Scootaloo so mute
bye Eli
Really,Streaming should be for everypony.
bye Eli
bai eli
have a good time you all. see ya tomorrow :)
bye Eli
11,02I'm not finished streaming yet actually :3
Eli: Bye!
see ya Eli :)
I like how the blood I saw on my fingers when I woke up today didn't mean anything until I looked under my blanket 8)
11,02Later Eli :)
:o
VIDJA GAYMS
I ziptied my hands together! some one help!!
dat xbox
Pinkielover123: Then it would be outta control with people trying to streaming here
bye eli
SuperBrony64: Yay! More XBOX!
Pinkielover123: And the potential for inappropriate content would go from 0% to 100%.
xbox!
wait, see you today. it's 00:25

lol
im famous
Then the stream will ecplode twice
explode
omg
I'm gonna get Hearthfire!
it comes out next week!
otakon: wut?!?!
party!
otakon: that skyrim thing? whats it about?
Disconneted.
no you're not
http://photos.ellen.warnerbros.com/gallery-images/2012/05/Bert_Karlson_full.jpg
dat name
11,02Join the party if you want :)
Well, I don't know who that guy is, but he has a stupid name.
Seamus? I thought he died in Harry Potter 8
13hearthfire is sims for skyrim
twilight_sprinkle: lets you build your own house in Skyrim, you purchase land and set up the designs. you can even add in special rooms
Lol,I dont have a xbox though.
Shizuka: you know your gonna get it
BUT I WANT ONE NAO.
otakon: you're*
13not unless i got like a hundred dollars
13i'm broke
otakon: suhweeet
Shizuka: it's only 5 bucks
Dont own xbix either
@Shizuka: Me too.
xbox
yay, wat are we gonna watch?
Netflix! ^_^
twilight_sprinkle: for not being a major expansion it looks fun
It seems like SuperBrony64 streams Xbox he always seems to get a friend request
13i already blew $20 on dawnguard and still haven't got my money's worth out of it, and that's after completing all the content it offered
11,02i liek friendz :D
Meanwhile: you're a pretencious pounce!
We gonna watch Monster a Go-Go with the MST3K crew?
everypony lieks friends
I suddenly dont see anything but a buffer sigh.
who doesnt liek friends :D
Friendship really is magic :)
^
SuperBrony64: Friends are good. Yesh :3
^^
otakon: pretentious*
IM BUFFERING!
HALP.
otakon: they sure make those expansions fast
SuperBrony64: who doesn't, and Shizuka I haven't even finished mine yet. But it did get me from level 34 to level 59
I liek poneez, SB64 :3
I only know FiM
otakon: ponce*
Even Netflix has the buffer show. Yay!
Meanwhile: SEE?
Aw, I love Repo!
I dont see anything.
Meanwhile: that is exctly what I mean!
otakon I really don't have to try to appear smarter than you.
Honestly, it's not something I put effort into.
11,02LadyCanary: Meh too :3
omg
11,02Join up for live pony reaction tiem :D
Really,I dont see anything.
oh boy
Ponies!!!
Yay random weekday Ponies!
Meanwhile: no you're not smarter than me you're just being a dick about the "proper" rules of grammar all the Goddamn time.
i cant believe my eyes!
commenting MLP time
Oh weh.
/me is out of xbox live gold :(
yes!
:O
/me is back
do last 2 ep!
otakon: I'm willing to bet that I am smarter than you, tbh.
YES
whos streaming?
yay this episode :O
VOICE
yay prepare for song
What's the name of the ep where they throw Pinkie a suprise party and she goes insane?
inb4 80's music.
Isnt FiM only streamed on weekends?
yes this episode :$
2 and 2 and 2 and 2 and 2
tSparx|BnF: Party of One.
80'pinkie
She gon word out.
http://www.comedytime.tv/blog/wp-content/uploads/2011/10/nsH6J.gif
Applejack2012: Well, usually, but if streamers wanna stream it on weekdays, they can -- especially if they're gonna commentary :)
what is he complaining about?
Thanks AJIsAwesome !
dat complaining
tell him to shutit
Who's he talking to?:S
Wht's with the rage?
So much cussing! My ears!
shut him up
he's obviously having sex with CoD
lol everypony is joining
1
no
2
Do I want to?
3
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. There.
21
/me can count to 10. :I
12456
69
1, e, &, 6
11,02Anyone who acts rude in the party is getting kicked.
I can count to potato!
I love how they reference the babysitting the Cakes again.
12345 is a bad password!
SuperBrony64: I will not be rude
I hate how they never, ever reference Pinkie-Sense ever again :/
check out my doubles
And I lagged out :/
rahrahrahrahrahrah
tSparx|BnF, Mare do well
people talk
mfw we wont be able to witness the song with all the talking
inb4 song
CrimsonPhoenix: Where does Pinkie-Sense show up in Mare Do Well?
what did I miss now?
DAT COMPLAINING
wtf
someone bitching about something?
song!
let all sing along
Smile!
/me sings along
hello
/me smiles
How ya doin
oh noes
Hello everypony.
/me simmers with all the voices over the music
finally.....
hi Canadian_Brony
Canadian_Brony: Hello!
asses
hi
ohai Canadian_Brony
/me sings Smile Smile
they cannot stop talkin XD
ahahaha
That would suck
I would hate that
So much
so much talking
I don't wanna that many voices
and you people thought you'd be able top enjpy a song
Do you realize how many voices would be talking at once?
I would rather chat
CanadianBrony!!!! yay :)
i would love that
thanks
Other than that, great idea.
wanna hear*
Well i thought i could enjoy it
http://www.viceland.com/blogs/uk-photos/files/2011/08/pd2813-667x500.jpg
smile smile bla bla
Buytoast, I know I couldn't
but then people
I mean, I don't mind the idea in principle, but it wouldn't work out well.
I hate these kind of things
No offense, but . . . SHUT UP!!! I can't hear the song!
who are these people and why can't they stop talking?
CrimsonPhoenix: What things?
DJ_POn-3: best photo bomb ever
they're bronies of course
this song cures everything!
what else would they be
AJ!
SHUT IT YOU PEOPLE GOD
the whole live comment over video
screw it i don't care that what youtube is for
Barbetos|AtWork: ya it is
they ruin the video
It's their stream, if they wanna talk, and you wanna hear it, youtube it.
DAH!!
oh for the love of Celestia, be quiet!!!
i know they do
that's all they do
What IS he talking about?:S
DJ_POn-3: my room mate has that same exact mask
Who's talking? I need to ping them.
anyway, I'm out, bye bye
fuck it, im gonna come back in like 3 hours or so...
I love this song. It always makes me SMILE! I can never go without smiling listening to this :)
seeya psy-
11,02Starting a new party.
new comment video for Youtube?
lol
thank you SB
otakon: say something
SuperBrony64: I'm not gonna join it again
all the smiles
Thank you!
ping me when this stream is over
SuperBrony64: Thank you.
DaringDerpy k
Fank you
ahahahaha
at least we could enjoy the best part of the song
twilight_sprinkle: I can't, my 360 and PC are plugged into the same monitor and I get stream lag
CrimsonPhoenix: true
SuperBrony64: I'm not gonna join back up right now
SuperBrony64: im recovering my account back from you, are done looking through everything?
lol dat party wipe
damn it!!!!
AHAHAHA
rewind
/me licks otakon
Well at least he appolagised
/me is licked...argh
11,02Derpy_Hooves: If you want, go ahead :)
SuperBrony64: alrighty
session ended in spaghetti
Derpy_Hooves Simpsons? :3
Still watching South Park?
nope
no
MLP
WindWhistler: no
phew
ponys now
no ponies
WindWhistler no. Ponies.
Thank goodness
Is it me or does this episode have the most song in all of episodes?
also this bit
Felt world!
Pinkie is CONFUSED
Brilliant
South Ponies
I love that bit
ohai WindWhistler
hay
apparently a fan did the felt animation work
CrimsonPhoenix: I think it's Gossip Bride.
Best bit
That is an X Pinkie.... Fucking idiot...
I would become instant best-friends with Pinkie Pie
let's do this!
11,02Dat check
Check!
CHECK!
check!
I love that big
check please
CrimsonPhoenix: Considering the fact that she sings the song various times.
I like how they stop talking after the song is over
XD
Dat check.
Barbetos|AtWork: i think sb kicked them all
AJIsAwesome, I meant different ones
boing boing
11,02I left the party I joined.
and she sings like once
11,02And started my own.
the other times where like BG ish
CrimsonPhoenix: Then it's this episode.
SuperBrony64: that would explain it
this party is large O_O
and the other time it's Fluttershy
SuperBrony64: THEN COMMENTATE!comoooon show off your voice :3
11,02You won't be able to hear my voice though
party within a paety
Talk anyways?
aw :<
I will imagine I can hear it
TIEM FOR HOT WINGS!!
dat face
Dinner is gona rock
fucking chat derp
dat giggle
inb4 classic song
/me glomps SuperBrony64 into otakon
WELCOME SONG
yay, the Welcome Song!
inb4 great song
got my own wagon
11,02Dat Pinkie pout ;A;
welcome Crancky!
Seeing your dashboard SuperBrony64 makes me want to live on the west coast again. =((
SuperBrony64: you cant be made at that
welcome!
That time zone is best time zone
are you showing this via xbox live?
dat wagon earraip
Dark_Horst: Yes.
oh boy xD
West Coast is Best Coast
bald
yummi cake
East Coast is Beast Coast
DAT PHYSICS BREAK
i love the welcome song
11,02My dashboard?
dat spider
SPYDER
/me hugs Bronysith back ^-^
omg
THIS DONKEY IS REALLY REALLY BALD
Best quote
lol
ever
if that weere a spider, thered be guts and blood all over the place
Cranky is now a Bulbasaur.
dat . . . wig?
^
That was being really insensitive of her.
spa tiem!
shiny donkey GO!
spa!
omg look at this http://pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/when-you-see-your-ex-at-a-party.gif
dat shine
sparkle sparkle
/me sets a tonberry next to otakon
Bronysith: no no non oN!
/me runs away
tupe
Is it hot in here? No its just me,Hooah!
otakon: if you haven't killed anything then you have nothing to fear
and people says Rarity is a bitch
sqee
/me keeps said tornberry as a pet
my chat derped :P
What's this? Cranky has evolved into Johnny Bravo!
derpy
DERPY
DERPY!
derp
brb again
Oh tornberry, your like a mis understood yoda.
http://pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/when-you-are-crossing-the-street-and-someone-honks-at-you-to-hurry-up.gif
i missed her the first time i saw the episode
i must go my planet needs me, Later everyone ~
bye TheGreatAndPowerfulT have a good sleep
goodnight
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Bye!
bye TheGreatAndPowerfulT Sleep well
book
fail
she must read it
bye T
DAT FORESHADOWING
see ya great and powerfel
she burnt it
AJIsAwesome, of course
and made it wet
it is?
that is unuasual
hi Derpy_Hooves
Soggy cereal.
FOUREVER!
hi
hiya Applejack2012
FOREVER! :[
four ever
I can someone photoshopping a bowl of cereal over Cranky's book.:D
dat forever
hello Applejack2012
fourevers is forever
4ever alone
Thats Five ever actually
gah my chat keeps kicking me out :(
lik dys if u cry evertim
dem sad Pinkie eyes
at least it's not 5ever
oh crap I have to update firefox
brb
why so sad
CUE THE CREDITS!
RD tells it like it is.
AJIsAwesome: wrong!
FaceBook, Twilight is doing it wrong
NocturnalBlade: I know.:)
AJIsAwesome: i know too, just tryin to be funny
Inb4 Pinkie knows Chaos Control.
a lot of really!
Pinkie really wants it.
Really bad.
What a whore.
REALLY1
really really really really really.... bald
*!
beaver Pinkie is best pinkie
4th wall broken
http://pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/when-you-are-crossing-the-street-and-someone-honks-at-you-to-hurry-up.gif
She will sleep with anything.
She's thinking INSIDE the chimney for once.
Rubber eyeballs.
EAT ALL THE CHOCOLATE MUFFINS
action time!
well this isn't good
the new FF update doesn't support Java atm
otakon: final fantasy what?
Firefox you git
Shove
there we go popped out chat no kick me google chrome :D
/me duct tapes a tonberry to otakon
11,02All dem hooves
So, why does Matilda look okay compared to Cranky?
she's SLEPNIR!
The wig thing though was a deal killer later.
dat logic
inb4 lesson of the episode.
wut dafuq is dat?!
2&2&2&2&2&2&2&2&2&2&2&2&2&2&2&2&2&2&2&2&2&2&2&2&2&2&2&2&2&2&2&2&2&2&2
So Cranky left ponyville
i like Cranky
11,02otakon: Because Cranky was worn down after traveling all over Equestria for her.
SuperBrony64: well true
Love Cranky too
pinkie is awesome
(( http://www.smbc-comics.com/comics/20070314.gif ))
I love Pinkie in this ep
And because Cranky has never heard of moisturiser.
also, awesome flashback
dat music
right in time for the vintage
dat epic flashback
even a donkey deserves love
for one reason or another, I want to sing "Waltzing Matilda"
owned
I dunno, I blame my Elementary School Music Class
Canadian_Brony: That's the name of the musical piece?
IDK
he failed so much
otakon: i love pinkie. period ^_^
StinkomanFan lol
it's what I remember it as
/me hugs StinkomanFan
But Matilda isn't a pony.......
NocturnalBlade: there are very few who don't
waaaaaaiitasecond.... she sounds suspiciously like zecora
SuperBrony64: you could also try this with skype maybe, different people could also join the commenting party
11,02:D
Thanks CCCP
AJIsAwesome: well they just use that word is all
thta'S tabitha, isnt it?
dat smile
otakon: I know.:D
LAUNCH THE PINKIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hey guys im back sorry i took so long i was riding my bike in the rain
inb4 pinkie rocket!
Dark_Horst: pretty sure yes
i will be back later see ya everpony :)
11,02twilight_sprinkle: Could, but would need to have something else setup on my computer to do it.
otakon: i know, its their opinion
LIFT OFF!
dat rocket
rockit
we have lift off
PINKIE ROCKLET GOOOOOOOOOOOO
congratz you wwin the internet!
God she's so active
nope party
Is is me or are Pinkie's eyes bigger than usual in this ep?
11,02I hate Princess Celestia.
SuperBrony64: why?
why ?
Pinkie is bad at reading the mood.
SuperBrony64, something else?
hop over the all the roof's!
SuperBrony64: I like Princess Celestia...
cause celestia does nothing
by that you mean stereo mix?
I have the Crankle Doodle Voice!
PINKIE
SuperBrony64: i liek princess celestia :(
SuperBrony64, what do you hold against Princess Celestia?
Wow, Past Sins, is bloody epic
I love celes too
suddenly angryshy
Past Sins > MLD
SuperBrony64 is secretly Luna
Chrysalis: could have told you that
I CREATED APPLEPIE!
oh boy here we go
11,02Cause she does nothing.
wild shy appers
and how ya doing Chrysalis?
yeah me to i love princess celestia
I know this song . . .
oh boy, i came back at the right moment
hi Chrysalis
SuperBrony64: SHE RAISES THE SUN!
here comes the hate
otakon im pretty good
the crafting system in GW2 is refreshingly challenging
SuperBrony64: agreed
I love her, but she doesn't do anything in the show, yeah
/me hugs Moopy
SuperBrony64: what do u mean for nothing?
SuperBrony64: I'm pretty sure that's mostly a full time job
cant believe i just spend all evening reading a 200k word fanfic
what the hell
11,02It's pretty cool, voice in my head :3
Flutta bitch!
lol
Past Sins has a mary-sue OC
Chrysalis: now, read Fallout: Equestria
We hear it too SuperBrony64
but god damn did that story hurt the feels
period
/me Gives SuperBrony64 a Princess Celestia plushie
We are all crazy
11,02Barbetos|AtWork: O.O
lol you cant see it now but she's flippin you off
Barbetos|AtWork: oh God, we're ALL crazy!
/me tears the head off of the Princess Celestia plushie
nyx the magical alicorn baby
Could never get into FO:E
11,02Thanks for tuning in all ^-^
Crazy Ponyville ponies
Crazy for... *sunglasses* PONIES.
SuperBrony64: O_O
AND NOW I HAVE CREATED BLUEBERRY PIE! AAAHAHAHAHAHA!
That should have a caption: If I had fingers, You'd be seeing one now!
SuperBrony64, what do you expect her to do? Monopolize everypony's lives like the U.S. Government does?
Thanks fro the stream SuperBrony64
Thanks for the stream SuperBrony64 :3
/me gives plushie inappropriate cuddle
thanks
Thank you SuperBrony64 for the always awesome stream.
thanks for the stream SuperBrony64 and moo
/me sets a tonberry next to Chrysalis
/me gives SuperBrony64 a filly Trixie as thanks for the stream
Chrysalis: enjoy
riiight
TTHHAATTSS IITT!!
Bronysith: where are you getting these things?
Gnight everypony gotta go sleep :)
oh and hi CCCP
nite Michael
also, i need to go tune an engine or something manly
Night Michael
Chrysalis: it's a Tonberry, do not kill anything.
otakon: that giant crater in final fantasy 7
my friend bought me the exclusive derpy toy as a birthday gift, and he is neutral about bronies, even though i don't collect the toy >.>
LoGaN!!!! *huggies*
Bronysith: you get out of there!
11,02Nothing, but I'm tired of the ponies writing letters to her in the end of every episode.
bye Michael sleep well
toys
/me Takes what remains of the Of the Princess Celestia plushie back and then gives SuperBrony64 a Luna plushie
hugs?:)
/me hugs LoGaN ^-^
SuperBrony64: but that's the schtick of the show
SuperBrony64 isnt that kinda the entire point of the show
SuperBrony64, fair enough.
Micheal: Night!
/me huggies SuperBrony64 " I like it when they do...:
11,02Princess Luna should be best princess
See u make celestia sad http://images.cheezburger.com/completestore/2011/9/29/2ed28db2-8c99-4763-b72a-6d5ab6bcbc45.jpg
Molestia>celestia
SuperBrony64 YES!
/me huggies CCCP back ;A;
SuperBrony64 I LOVE those parts... :'(
Luna best princess
It would be weird if they internalized everything
SuperBrony64: how else can they get awawy with brainwashing the whole town and demoralizing second and fourth best ponies?
For the New Lunar Republic!
Each their own, as always
I could explain why I like Princess Celestia, but I'm not going to bother.
Like.. thought of the lesson learned
AJIsAwesome: it's the plot isn't it? :P
Lunaughty>Molestia
I like Luna a little more than Celestia
Dear Princess Luna today I learned
Nevermind I dunno where I was going with that.
AJIsAwesome, I like her too :3 she's so--kind and calm
Pauly P!
otakon: No. I was kind of being serious.
but anyway, i decided i now want a Nyx plushie
and a luna plushie
AJIsAwesome: lol I was only messin'.
Chrysalis: well good luck.
otakon: Okay.:P
I bucking love Luna! She is awesome! :3
Shizuka: any chance of a rifftrax tonight?
and they shall be all adorable on my desk :D
11,02Dear Princess Celestia, thanks for nearly killing us all multiple times in order to teach us a lesson on something as simple as friendship. Your ex-faithful followers, Mane 6 Ponies.
urk
Luna is a cute plushie
i like Luna, but i still dont understand how people think shes the best character, im alright if they do but honestly shes really not in the show enough
SuperBrony64: :D
simple
LoGaN: ok :)
fanon bullshit
:D
SuperBrony64: gah that reminds me, i keep forgetting about the fluttershy card. i havent forgotten, just a bit bsy, ill do it eventually
SuperBrony64: but they we'ren't killed so eh.
you do realise Luna has far more canon details than celestia
Chrysalis: she does?
we have a whole backstory for luna
Chrysalis im not sure if thats true at all
otakon: im friending you
11,02(P.S. Ordered 6 tickets, only got 2. Will not buy from again.)
we just have shes a princess for celestia
Twiluna is best shipping
SuperBrony64: BUt don't forget the fact that they become stronger from the expierences. Plus, if they didn't go through these things, they never would've been the characters we know and love today.:)
people fluffed up nightmare horse so much that they need to say she's the best character so that the canon version doesn't alter their precious fanon version
I wouldn't be surprised if Derpy Hooves accrues more screentime via cameos than Luna did in the 3 episodes she appeared in.
LoGaN: okay...
hi
Kandarihu|OldComp: well BG's do not count
otakon yeah. "Luna Eclipsed' shows more of Luna than the entire series shows of Celestia
Celestia shouldn't meddle in the business of mortals, her backing off kinda makes sense
if they ever make another NMNight episode i wanna see Luna in Sheperd's armor :D
11,02AJIsAwesome: Obviously not, Rarity still acted spoiled even after learning her lesson.
you know what
i just want more ponies
SEASON 3 SEASON 3 SEASON 3 SEASON 3
^
Canadian_Brony: well true, that's she's a serious, if slightly out of touch character that does know how to have a good time.
season 3?
/me repeates BUCK chant
Chrysalis: soon
SuperBrony64: Suited for success?
aw but i wub Rarity
just imagining luna and twilight kissing eachother as they share their saliva covered mouths together as sweat drips around their warm fur as luna slowly kisses down twilights neck ever closer to her....Im sorry what was i talking about?
Bronysith: :S
Rarity is the only character that i personally think is slightly complex but im not sure if its all intentional
Bronysith: ... the HELL
SuperBrony64: wheres me stream
night guys
hi hi hi hi hi
Bronysith what fic is that
11,02Stream is over with :<
i mean
erm
Bronysith, hawt
/me throws Bronysith in a bonfire
is anybody alive
bad sith
alexxm: Night!
but
CCCP: well it might be perceived but I get that vibe too.
sdlsdkdsal;kds;ldsk;ka;dlkdasl;kds;al
/me punches Bronysith "No."
night alexxm sleep well
Bronysith I stopped at the first line. Please don't ever type that again.
Bronysith: whoa, calm down buddy lol
night alexxm
nite alexxm
im lonley
Chrysalis: i forget, but i really like The fic Lunaughty
otakon :3
g'night alexxm
don't mind Bronysith he's....odd
/me nomz LoGaN
anyone
alexxm: good night?
come on
goodnight
/me sits on otakon s head with a muffin
otakon: YOU DONT SAY
haha
i like the twiluna ship even more than otakon x _____ ships
they are soooo cute
whoever linked that spanish flea video a few days ago, i salute you again
/me hugs CCCP and appologizes for being a dick
hmm
LoGaN tanks C:
is that still a rule
meep
twilight_sprinkle: spanish flea?
Bronysith he doen't say. He typed that. If he said it, you wouldn't hear it.
or can we give otakon to UPS again?
...
NO
twilight_sprinkle lol why?
no its not a rule?
I am not getting shipped with everything in God's green Earth again.
otakon: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sYxbSRpVJ3s&feature=watch_response i can listen to that song for hours
/me admits hes a big dick everypony so make fun of me while you can!!!!!!
CCCP: its a very fun song :D
11,02I mean, just think about it, she complains about boasting in Boast Busters yet boasts when she has her wings in Sonic Rainboom.
twilight_sprinkle: oh that
Is there still a stream?
SuperBrony64: I don't know
CCCP: no
oh!
SuperBrony64: the show lacks consistency my brother
please no more shipping. I'll end up as the new otakon
She does, and that's why many people like Trixie
ty otakon
Shizuka! Are you there oh mighty Pyro?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9Uz1icjwrM
man i LOVE this harmonica tune,kinda sad http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWzHLpM2DZg
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4L6f5Dz19Bk&feature=g-vrec
It's not a consistency error rather than a show of doublestandards, which is common
^
claming it is cont. error is simpsons league nerdery
So stream is over..... :'( Random video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewDMPLRvzl0
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9QZMjFC_RgY
11,02I'd rather write letters to Princess Luna
mlp isnt really That good story and character-wise
I like it- because- everyone have traits that they might need to improve, but might not be able to
Vivix but no one likes trixie as much as Meanwhile
11,02Dear Princess Luna, HAI :D Your faithful follower, SB
Hehe
but the characters are pretty good in terms of relatibility, if thats a word
yeah-
11,02Dear SB, Ohai :3 Your faithful princess, Luna
SuperBrony64: ALL HAIRU ZE SONAR REPABRIK!
I like the stories, because they feel like a story rather than a presinium sketch like many cartoons
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PkhCNx-8Qos
^^
but I am- that cartoon fan, I don't like anime, I don't like sketches-
who here would chooose celestia over luna?
i dont understand what people have against clop or r34 in general i mean, some of the greatest art in history is R34, nude statues, paintings of nude people etc, its not like it is pedophilia or necrophilia, not having sex with children or dead bodies, in fact some of the art looks really good
well- dependso n the sketch
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cu1UiaENGBg
remember that porn and nude art is two different things
yes
Vivix: yeah most little kids cartoons are pretty bland
it said my nick was in use
"Dear Princess Celestia, today my father taught me the magic of shaving... it hurts like a bitch and I'm going to have to end up doing it for the rest of my life."
but still nudity is a no-no
CCCP: WHY YOU LISTEN TO EMO MUSIC?!
umm
im back check this out everypony :) http://pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/when-you-are-crossing-the-street-and-someone-honks-at-you-to-hurry-up.gif
I have noothing against clop, nooooooothing, but I never try to- justify it? It's not worth arguing about
Bronysith i actually like all music :3
StinkomanFan don't worry. After 3 or 4 you get used to it and don't get nicked as often.
if at all
Bronysith: nudity is different from R34, which is LITERALLY pornography of character that were NEVER meant to be in pornography.
i think i know but he would hate me if i said why Bronysith
CCCP: but my chemical romance is pure emo music, no wonder you think the way you do
guys
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9QZMjFC_RgY
I'm a clopper
/me quickly hides behind something
*gasp*
/me slowly claps
Bronysith i still liek them and dont care what other people think :3
clopper :P
Many of us are, but there's no realy reason to bring it up in a pg chat, or try to turn people into accepting it when they should just tolerate it
CCCP: they put messages into your mind, make you want to feel bad
I'm a clopper too
exactly Vivix
I for one
Well now LoGaNs, you see, that's an example of a compeltely shitty in all aspects remix
am a person of many weird fetish
Bronysith -_- then how come i feel happy when im listening to them?
Buytoast: aww depression
oh, are we talking about our fetishes now?
and MLP is just one thing from the many stuff that....well turn me on
get comfy, this is gonna take a while
and this conversation stops now XD
oh boy
With how feral furries are becoming more normal, that's not really a weird thing
lol agreed NocturnalBlade
yeah we should stop before it gets out of hands
especially after Pokemon, feral porn --became more abundant
Chat talks about fetish _
<,<
i'm not too surprised
it was only a matter of time
-_- i think it already has CrimsonPhoenix
I love the psychology side that studies this, you know- but it's not really fit to discuss here
I have no opinion on this topc.
Bronysith also i dont think youve ever listened to one of their songs, its like in the 50's when older people thought that rock and roll made theire kids go crazy
Can we please move on?
just remember though, while you don't enjoy looking at an R34 pic, there's nothing really wrong to it and there's nothing really bad for one to use it for personal pleasure
and 60's
I am done with that
I thouht MCR was emo bull, but then I listened to it and enjoyed it imensly
it never ends
CCCP: THE GENRE IS LITTERALLY EMO
SuperBrony64: preety plz
11,02Please limit the R34 and Porn talk please :)
MCR ROX :D
thank you
SuperBrony64: yes aniki
SuperBrony64: Thank you.
SuperBrony64, I am being carefull don't worry
make a channel for em
I like MCR, just a couple songs though
Bronysith, the genre emo is not really MCR, man. Emo is like.. Death cab for cutie, and is beautiful
^
Bronysith it is? Is that supposed to make me hate them?
CCCP: never said to make you hate them. BUT THEY ARE GENRED AS EMO
have some Whose Line http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4uUsZD-GOQ
Emo is a fairly clean 90s genre, MCR is more--pop punk with elements of emo, and a lot of their stuff is really really good
Bronysith but why do i care?
now if you want SAD deppo music, listen to Codeine or LOW, sadcore is amazing
i like music that sounds good dont care if fucking adolf hitler made it
if someone wants to see a cute pic, please pm me
brb, I have chores to do.
CCCP Totally
it isnt r34, but GODDAMN SUGGESTIVE
well i would still think its fucking creepy if he made it but still
Like Burzum
I can't listen to that without shuddering
Neo nazi murdere who tried to blow up a church
i like Final Fantasy OSTs
ofcourse, the music is pretty bad, so I don't have to listen to it
this is for all the mlp fim lovers http://www.pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/when-you-hear-the-intro-of-your-favorite-tv-show.gif
DJ_POn-3 nah i dont think any of them are here
DJ_POn-3: a'wwwww
bunny
DJ_POn-3: yeeees lol
D'awwwwwww
D'awww
ikr i was just like daww for a couple of minutes
such a sad tune http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWzHLpM2DZg
I wonder what would happen if I said, "hello"?
http://youtu.be/Ox6H20zMo8U Noise
Hi TheLivingTombstone
Hiya TheLivingTombstone
what the hay http://www.pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/when-you-take-a-sip-of-your-favorite-drink.gif
It's weird how closely related jazz and noise are
otakon:
the girl in that noiseband plays in Trondheim jazzorchestra
yes
Hi Tombstonr!
otakon: lose all the faith http://cheezburger.com/6510769664
Tombstone
Yes, Applejack2012?
Applejack2012: lol Tombstonr
otakon: can i kill the parents?
Bronysith: I looked at that while the Kamen Rider Eternal music was playing
how many of you do this http://www.pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/when-youre-waiting-for-your-food-in-the-microwave.gif
oh mah gawd its TheLivingTombstone have my babys fangirl squel
otakon: can i please murder those parents?
Bronysith: yes, and send the child to a decent foster family STAT!
DJ_POn-3, <,< I've done that
DJ_POn-3: I've danced a bit before but not that
otakon: u did see what the shirt said right?
chat needs more fluttershy
Bronysith: yes :(
yay!
makes me sad
what did the shirt say?
otakon: "I wonder why my child got raped by that ugly old guy"
otakon: if that child gets raped i will not be surprised if the parent says this
thats just not right :|
well none the less I hope that doesn't happen
what Sketch_Toku_Brony said
oh man, from fetishes to rape
i hate this when it happens :( http://www.pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/when-you-dip-your-cookie-into-the-milk-for-too-long-and-it-breaks-off.gif
still not surprised
13Stop.
13Now.
I wonder why I never visited here before.
It's a serious discussion, not a joke
Hi TheLivingTombstone!
TheLivingTombstone: you the real thing?
13This is not the place for this kind of discussion.
well the conversations we have here would probably be the reason XD
Bronysith: Yes.
13Take it elsewhere.
:o
Super castlevania 4
The Shizuka has SPOKEN!
/me heart attack
TheLivingTombstone: kewlio, love your dedication
#disscus
Most of my female friends make the worst rape jokes- even though they know people who have been
Thank you, Bronysith
Ohai TheLivingTombstone
so true http://www.pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/when-someone-says-hey-you-wanna-get-some-tac-.gif
TheLivingTombstone: now this might be weird, but what is the process of you becoming a brony?
castlevaina 2 why u hard and annoying
DJ_POn-3 O_o
wait, you are the real TheLivingTombstone ...wow, huge fan love your remixes
that's the real thelivingtombstone?
i got a question for you
Why did you ruin that one song.
TheLivingTombstone you'r awesome! :D
Questionmark?
Not sure if impersonate :/
and suddenly he is flooded with pings
Your going to have to wait on that story, Bronysith!:)
TheLivingTombstone: Your song "Good Girl" is just. AMAZING! I can't stop listening to it!
TheLivingTombstone: im listenning to discord
Fuck! I'm supposed to be moving shit
Wow
wow i didnt think THE TheLivingTombstone would be in our chat :O always wanted to meet a famed brony musician :$
TheLivingTombstone: righto, just give me a private message some time
DJ_POn-3: i got Discord on Rock Band...play the hell outta it
yeah right
Thank you very much Ponies47
wait, i have another question. How do you make your crap taste so delicious? Because people eat it up voraciously.
I'll believe it when I hear some proof
TheLivingTombstone your one of my favorite artists, even outside the fandom
go Buytoast go
CCCP: *you're
Thank you CCCP
:$ oops
ponies
Aww, Buytoast is trying to troll again. How cute!:)
13Refresh your embeds please.
13And be respectful.
hey, i'm asking questions
He's not a troll, he's just cranky
You rule Tombstone!
TheLivingTombstone: anser Buytoast
and he's ignoring them
TheLivingTombstone i really liked your song Magic,the girl voicing Trixie was spot on :$
dat l4d
I've never heard a tombstone song, so I can't really say anything
TheLivingTombstone: faaaaake
which i find funny as all hell
Shizuka dos that mean theres a stream?
refreshed
crap my soundcloud is full.... rubbish
Sketch_Toku_Brony: i liked Magic too, one of my faves
Buytoast: How do I make my crap delicous? I try adding some sugar.
seems legit
Oh, Dead island. Isnt this that game that, when the trailer hit, everyone thought it was going to be this powerful story with characters you care about, but then it diddnt turn out to be that at all.
This l4d1?
wut?
Rex_Mundi, yup-
TheLivingTombstone: may I dance on your head?
everypony see this :P http://www.pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/when-your-mom-said-bring-me-my-purse-and-ill-give-you-some-money.gif
i has to get this game
Dance away, DeathStar.
everyday Im shuffling
/me dances on TheLivingTombstone s head :3
Maybe I should pour some sugar on my shit too then. i could always do with more praise
but you still haven't answered my other question
how does one expand their soundcloud space?
/me sets TheLivingTombstone on fire
DJ_POn-3 thats a classic!
ikr
What was your other question, Buytoast?
Why did you ruin that song?
Ha I remember seeing that Batman movie
I know the question is universal, but that Discord song.
Which song did I ruin for you Buytoast?
pills here PPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPilspils
Whos streaming now?
There was a discordsong?
TheLivingTombstone: you mean what song livingtombstone ruined
TheLivingTombstone: so u ended up here after all
Well, Buytoast, you may not like that song, but many others do.
omg this to funny http://pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/when-you-eat-too-many-skittles.gif :P
I appreciate your opinion though!
so ummm is there a stream?
i didn't ask what others thought though
Did anypony see the interview with Andrew WK on Conan? the one that involved him talking about pinkiepie?
l4d sounds... different from what I remember
would you answer instead of redirecting?
DJ_POn-3: comsume the rainbow, throw up the rainbow
Rex_Mundi, I'm gonna try to catch it when it airs here, used to be a big Conan fan
yes exactly
TheLivingTombstone: you still never told me how long it took you to beat ninja giaden 2
i love you Buytoast
who is streaming and who is said streamer playing as?
G'night everypony! :)
Buytoast, I do not think I ruined the song. It is YOUR opinion that I 'ruined' it.
13sec
Zoey is favorite
night GilDash
hey everypony
nite GilDash
Night GilDash!
JRP: you do realize its not the real livingtombstone right? no one could automatically know how to ping someone first getting in here
GilDash goodnight :)
Shizuka: times up
GilDash: Night!
Pearly: Hello!
everypony http://pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/when-someone-steals-your-joke-and-tells-it-to-someone-else-right-in-front-of-you.gif
Barbetos: i like Fransis
Bronysith, many people have used IRC for many many years, it is universal
hey there AJIsAwesome
I'm asking WHY you did, not what MY opinions mean to you.
Bronysith they could of used other IRC chats before
I don't think it's real either, but that is no proof
if you can't answer just admit you can't answer.
Because I wanted to, Buytoast.
hey there Vladmir
there you go
Buytoast you dont need to be hostil to a guest
now was that so hard?
What are you doing SuperBrony64?
'sup
http://pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/whensomeonetries-to-steal-your-food.gif
11,02Vivix|Awai: Setting a ban.
/me is too curious
hey, i wasn't trying to be hostile, i was trying to get an asnwer
SuperBrony64: ban?
http://pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/when-you-finally-think-life-is-going-great.gif
I'm trying to see on who, but--I guess none my business
if i was a mod, all day long id ban you all!
I'm back
Wait, who is baned?
flash crashed on me
hai otakon ^-^
JRP: We don't know if this the real TheLivingTombstone.
Buytoast, the question is unanswerable, because the motivation is..unrelated to the result
CCCP: Then when the mods came back they return the favor
probably that guy that was imitating TLT
CCCP why :'(
I don't think you would be a mod for long CCCP
Ohai AJIsAwesome
Ponies47: Hello!
CCCP: if you were a mod then half life 3 would have been released, hell freezes over, EA stops being greedy, Cuba becomes a republic,
i know :3 i just have an obession with banning bots
I'm back
CCCP: so you can never be a mod
Bronysith: Cuba is a republic
Bronysith you could of just said when pigs fly so i could think of a come back...
Rex_Mundi: try communists
otakon: Welcome back!
pfft, Communism
bugger all flash crashed on me
I blame Firefox 15 update
They are republic though, aren't they? Socialist or not
Communism 4th best thing on earth
either that or Ant Video Downloader
otakon: why not the tonberries i set into your net?
Bronysith: bc those things creep me out!
Marxism 3rd best waaaay better than communism
Communism doesnt imply non-democracy. Republic doesnt have to = democracy.
CCCP Then bacon at third, maple syrup at second, and Ponies at #1
huh same thing happened to me not long ago
Socialism is beautiful
Biglaw lol
Is someone dissing democracy?
I thought politics weren't allowed
becuase when you diss democracy...
Sketch_Toku_Brony: Flash crash after Firefox 15 update?
any way hi! Biglaw *glomps*
CCCP : Socialism
YOU DISS MURIKA
Socialism is democratic
/me huggles CCCP back
otakon yep but its working fine now
Viper socialism is overrated
Political discussions never end well.
And i won;t have no commie turrists diss MURIKA on my watch!
lol
CCCP : Its a good idea
WindWhistler: it's still a Republic
We're part socialist, but not enough, dentist still too expensive for many
All republics are somewhere on a scale of Oligarchy on one side, and true Democracy on the other. Its a sliding scale.
still we're getting off that point
otakon: a DEMOCRATIC republic.
OKAY NVM!
Ireland is a Republic
well whatever
ENOUGH!
Back to RiffTrax
next talk of Politics gets banned
TheLivingTombstone sorry about Buytoast
"Quick head for that mansion!"
/me buries WindWhistler alive
WindWhistler: it's on?
TheLivingTombstone...
We are a folkestyrt monarki, which is democratic monarchy
/me holds back an otakon shipping
Its okay CCCP.
:kickcount otakon
goddammit
Cuba is a more oligarchic republic, but USA isnt a true Democracy either.
otakon: Nope. I'm watching somewhere else
I ain't sorry
why is everypony so angry right now? :C
Rex_Mundi, communism only takes the form of all the power falling to a small oligarchy. It only carries the banner of democracy but it never stays like that.
otakon you missed it last night, I did a you!
you can say it all you want
politics
and nno rifftrax
CCCP: Because we have angry eyebrows attacking
jeebus you guys are chatty today
Hehehe
WHERE ARE YOU LARRYBOY?!
otakon erm... no reason XD
WindWhistler :o
hai Panda
I'm supposed to be doing stuff! Where's Jmo when I need a poke
WindWhistler: XD
Larry Boy!
I should get back to working on a song. Goodbye! :)
/me hugs CCCP
Kandarihu: Depends on what you meen by "Communism", it has a different interitatipns and meanings
I am that hero!
bye TheLivingTombstone!!! <3
it;'s because some remixer guy is in teh chat and everyone wants to be acknowledged by him and feel fulfilled
CCCP :D
I'll kiss whoever gets what I'm talking about.
/me huggies Vivix|Awai
because it'll be the greatest moment in their lives
see ya TheLivingTombstone!
Very few people acknowledged him Buytoast
like..4 guys?
and I'm guessing no one recognized what I was talking about?
wait- more, but wahtever
Larry Boy?
don't need to acknowledge him for him to see your name
cya TheLivingTombstone! /) :$
ded?
the cucumber?
WindWhistler: Larry boy is in veggie tales >.>
Well, just because some guy walks in here I'm not gonna stop talking
TheLivingTombstone: YOU FAKER
Rex_Mundi, not really. There is a specific manifesto outlining the standards of communism, and its not anything that any sane person would want.
cya Tombstone!
laugh laugh laugh
Biglaw: ABOUT TIME SOMEONE GOT IT
bye TheLivingTombstone
i sometimes takes cheese graders and rub them against trees
CCCP: why?
Because of that emote though I'm not gonna kiss you.
>_>
lol why?
/me is dejected
They need to make a proper sandbox zombie game
otakon cus cthulhu
Depends, you are refearing to maxist communism. There are other types of communism/communalism. Libertarian comunism, religious comunism, anarchist comunism, etc...
where you explore a huge city looking for supplies then defend your fort at night
lowfn WHY did you trick people in to thinking your tombstone?!
I'm back everypony. What did I miss in the last 3 hours?
unless its cuz trees are GRATE *ba dum tish* ...i got nothing
otakon: there's SR3... It has an area with zombies >o>
see ya everypony my friend is over :P
lowfn: dude that crap can get you banned
lowfn -_-
Derpy_Hooves: What!?
lowfn: your host and tombstone's host match
lowfn really???
Biglaw: no, not a mod, not a minigame a TRUE open world sandbox zombie survival game
lowfn yeah
hahaha!
both of your ip's are cmxlvfyost@75.108.xnu.lri
cmxlvfyost 75.108.xnu.lri
lolz
well i feel dumb XD
poor lowfn it wasnt really bad trolling
I missed saying bye to Tombstone...
/me Flips a table
i will admit though, it was a good troll lowfn
FUUUUUUUUUUUU- :[
Ponies47 it wasn't th real guy.
13not sure if anyone actually watching or not...
Ponies47: It wasn't the real tomstone
Shizuka: Not.
Ponies47: it wasent him
Shizuka i am
As it is, with comunism/communalism, if everyone from Jesus to Stalin can be called a comunist, then its obviously an ill defined word!
i'm watchin Shizuka
Shizuka: I am
ok since Past Sins is really getting a lot of fuzz because it has been uploaded in FiMFiction
unless; Lowfn IS the real Tombstone
Oh really?
Shizuka . . . i'll refresh
let's pull out this baby http://onemansponyramblings.blogspot.ca/2012/06/6-star-reviews-part-75-past-sins.html
Shizuka: I am
/me trots around the room, she is happy as can be
Shizuka: I knew it was you, you always play Zoe
"Apple is the best brand for anyone. They're innovative, affordable, and ultimately have the best products."
Well then screw the guy then :[
Shizuka i would but its lagging too uch :
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
stupidity makes me rage
hai Pearly
hey thelonepony
hello Pearly
I accept stupidity for I am not better than another person
i am the real TOMBSTONE
hey CCCP
Bronysith ditto
hi Pearly
Hai thelonepony
hey Canadian_Brony
Ihop no you aren't.
SuperBrony64: PM NOW
Hi Canadian_Brony
I have returned from the College
wait
which rage?
:$
yes i am
i wish i could puke my eyes out
hello RaveBrony
http://youtu.be/BRkWLH1pJiQ - W- So happy....
hey RaveBrony
Hey CCCP and Pearly :)
hiya RaveBrony
hai RaveBrony
What have i missed? :o
Hey RaveBrony
RaveBrony: did you learn anything?
"He's going the distance, he's going for speed."
dam Shizu is GOOD
RaveBrony: Hello!
/me like white rap
mica
/me glomps Sumica
RaveBrony: You don't want to know.
http://www.fimfiction.net/story/41596/Past-Sins
/me waves to otakon, thelonepony, Ponies47, and AJIsAwesome
how are you RaveBrony
Ihop I've met atleast 15 others who claim they are either TheLivingTombstone, Glaze, MicTheMicrophone, PewDiePie, or AlexS.
hi
Shizuka: damn girl, what difficulty are you on?
hay everypony.
wait wtf, I heard a ping i swear!
otakon: Just boring math stuff :D
13so i guess only three people are actually watching...
hey JappleAck
is this the new l4d map?
Shizuka: :(
Shizuka i'm watching
Pearly: Im good, and yourself?
Shamroc: I am ;A;
Canadian_Brony: i am realy mandopony
I'm supposed to be doing stuff
13this is I Hate Mountains
i'm watching too Shizu
This isnt one of those games that are fun to watch.
JappleAck: Hello!
Ihop: I'll believe it when I see it
I am awesomeness as usual
Thats good :D
is this the new l4d map?
Hey Japple
lol nice Shizuka
perky as always
Im fine too
damn
dammit all I need a wired controller
i find watching people sleep to be fun
Ihop you aren't TheLivingTombstone. You aren't mandopony.
was there ever any dout
Anypony going to DragonCon this weekend?
So yeah at least I can say my favorite word right next to Past Sins
-_(\
Hello everypo- OOH L4D!
hi BronyInstrumental
hello
See?
lulz
Chicago is superior.
hi Applejack2012
Hello BronyInstrumental
hello BronyInstrumental
Tara Strong is gonna be there!!!!
crap
creepy ass music
hi Applejack2012
dat witch music
super creepy ass music
BronyInstrumental: Hello!
holy shit
this music is
hai BronyInstumental
O_O
anypony have thoughts on black ops 2?
CRAP!
I wish i could go to DragonCon.... but i dont even live near the state now :'(
stupid Witch
okay WHY are Witches so goddamn tough?
that a mod?
otakon its crap?
hi CCCP
seriously, they are skinny as hell
otakon: because yolo
otakon game design
WHAT IS YOLO!?
i live across the pond, no way of me getting to dragoncon :)
otakon: An idiots excuse
RaveBrony: Dragon con? Is that some sort of furry convention for scalies?
just because something is skinny doesn't mean it's weak
otakon its a flavor of icecream
otakon: you obviously love octavia
You Only Live Once
SuperBrony64: ??????
I can't wait fo Canterlot Gardens! :3
BronyInstrumental thank you!
otakon: a means of identifying dumb fucks
YOLO is a stupid way of saying " you only live once"
Yolo is only hated on cus everyone is secretly a hipster
*for
inb4 zombie bullshit
:o A nittany stream?
Rex_Mundi: No, its the worlds biggest fantasy/SF con. Youre thinking of anthrocon :D
Anti hipster is a hipster movement
11,01No. Not me sadly.
LadyCanary: nah, this is Shizuka
otakon "yolo" is the acronym for 'you only live once' apparantely.
Ah!
chat derped
/me glomps Nittany_Discord
Go Shizu go!
oh
hi Nittany_Discord
So you guys shtill mad at me?
/me hugs Nittany_Discord ^_^
hello LadyCanary! *hugs*
Hai LadyCanary
Oh, this is Shizuka playing? :o
/me 11,01hugs LadyCanary <3
na lowfn
This the original Left for dead or Left 4 dead 2?
Speaking of athrocon, anypony here go? I hear there was a pony meet.
hai LadyCanary
StinkomanFan: 1
that feel when highschool used yolo
xD were watching peopl play Left for dead
gtg cya
Shizuka is craaaaaazy
Damn, Shizuka is good! o_o
Do you expect any less from her?
Shizuka: that a mod?
She's Shizu goddammit <3
Yolo is a city in Colorado
tank music
LadyCanary: Very true :D
YOLO: You Obviously Love Octavia.
AJIsAwesome: yes
AJIsAwesome better
that's what i said, AJIsAwesome
dat Shizuka spray
BronyInstrumental: :$
what if life was a boc of chocolates?
box*
/me murders CCCP
CCCP: it would be eaten very quickly
CCCP: life IS a box of chocolates
BTW, Rand Paul is speaking right now at the GOP convention
Bronysith it doesnt last long for fat people
/me revives CCCP with phoenix down
"Yolo" is the "carpe diem" for stupid teenagers
CCCP: that is a terrible joke
Canadian_Brony: yup
who have no care for actuall and useful sayings
CCCP: that was great\
umm
im not original, youd think id actually make a joke? come on this is 2012
how is carpe diem meant to be pronounced?
WITCH
dammit all!
/me puts a tonberrry on the witches head
CCCP: i never heard it
Shizuka is a girl? Thats cool.
Comedy is forbidden here.
So is fun.
BronyInstrumental: "Car" "Pay" "Dee" "Umm"
damn it louis
Oh, he's done now. I should've mentioned that right when he started.
quiet toast
AJIsAwesome: thanks. i never knew how to pronounce that, so i never used it IRL :$
/me trots all around the room
Buytoast if the "real" LivingTombstone was here would you really act like that to him?
probably
Shizuka: what's the name of the new witch theme do you know offhand?
he's nothing special
*Puts a saddle on Pearly and locks him in the stable*
nobody is
chat derp?
Buytoast sure is the optimist.
Buytoast well he makes music that some people like
Buytoast: <3
these days, why are freshmen so stupid?
/me sets a tonberry next to CCCP
VladmirMakarov they always were get over it
Freshmen have even not been stupid?
/me she is locked in a stable "Poor Pearly"
Zoey has a crazy laugh
anybody can make something someone else likes
Does anyone know that new music for the Witch?
I like it
So add 3 more rounds to the 90+ rounds I have to win to get all the TMs.
Not everyone likes the same things. That's a natural fact of life, but you should never insult someone who likes what they like.
i mean these days they're even stupider than normal
Bronysith it should have been a wild thornberry
And other crap I'm rambling on about.
for once, i actually agree with Buytoast. just because someone is good at something doesn't mean you should act towards them any different than you do others
CCCP: you obviously have no idea what a tonberry is you prick
VladmirMakarov eh not really
CCCP: that was in no way clever
CCCP: just showed your ignorance
http://tinyurl.com/9rrkonn I'm D'awwwwwwwwww here! :D
Bronysith i wasnt trying to be i honestly dont know what that is please tell me
Bronysith: may i ask what a tonberry is?
CCCP: i think it's a final fantasy enemy
CCCP: exactly, ignorance
I dont know what a tonberry is either :D
Ponies47: HNNNGGGG
CCCP: that's like, h4x strong
only exception I would see is if someone did something world altering or some shit
Bronysith im sorry ive never played that game
TANK!!
http://derpibooru.org/70048?scope=scpe46822cd30281cfb8bfa72b930dc0165405d84e5b
then i'd probably respect them
http://finalfantasy.wikia.com/wiki/Tonberry
thelonepony HNNNNNG
Ooooh, FF, thats why i dont know it :D
HNNGG
So much laughter
new political news: in the wacky races competition paul ryan has been named the guest of honor
Rex_Mundi d'aaawwww
who is a pegasister who likes applejack has minecraft and skype?
AppleDash, Wacky Races?
Shizuka: being careful is for sissies, amirite?
^
who is a pegasister?
screw minecraft capfluttershy
O_O
whoose streaming right now anyway
AppleDash, sorry
lol
RainbowDash90: Shizuka
applemac_5000 she's looking for female bronies
YAY SHIZU!
RainbowDash90 Shizuka
This isn't eSpaghetti, the world's only brony dating site.
Hi everyone. I'm new here and I like biscuits.
haha is there a such thing?
hehe playing left for dead for the computer?
i don't like you
Pegasister? Geez i hate that term :D why not just female brony.
but i do like biscuits
Hi BileGraze. Welcome to random plus stream. But mostly random. And stream.
13no i'm playing left 4 dead for the toaster
O.o
RaveBrony: same here. why not just call them all bronies regardless of gender?
I like to play the toaster
BileGraze: hi and welcome to..um what Canadian_Brony said ^_^
NocturnalBlade random plus stream. But mostly random. And stream.
There's enough ofa pushback against that term that I think we can safely just forget it.
BronyInstrumental: yea, bronies can be genderless
Hi Canadian_Brony, and NotcturnalBlade. I had a cupcake today.
oh great...
hi BileGraze
BileGraze: Hello!
hi
/me hugs BileGraze
I had a bran bar
BronyInstrumental: My thots exactly, but CapFS was asking for a pegasister, so 'female brony' would just be used in that situation :P
RaveBrony: arewerite or arewerite?
Hi friends. Now I'm gonna go have a pepsi.
BileGraze: Be sure to read the rules and I hope you have a great time here.:)
I will have the most amazing time that anyone has ever had in the histroy of having a great time.
Welcome Bile
0,5>>
ohai BileGraze didn't see u there
0,5<<
0,5ew
some female bronies prefer brony, some pegasister, and I've seen them go either way. It's a matter of opinion.
I like the term pegasister, to me, its just a nickname for female bronies, so i dont get the hate torwards it.
BaconMane what is it?
Canadian_Brony: True
BaconMane: What is it, BaconMane?
hi BaconMane. There was something I was going to ask you, but I can't remember now . . .
0,5I read "Bile"
People dont read the rules here, they just get on and start being idiots.
0,5eew
Rex_Mundi people hate almost anything for any reason
Ewww, BaconMane.
BaconMane: Don't be so mean...:(
/me hugs DashWithRainbows
Bile?
AJIsAwesome, how did you make that little Twilight face? O:
Being male, i dont really have a right to choose what to say. Females decide what to use of their own accord :D
well some of their oppinon is wrong Canadian_Brony
Rex_Mundi: see, i can see it that way too. i use the term only towards people who either don't mind or want to be called it. i mean, "brony" is a nickname anyway
0,5Bile as in, like, stomach
how are you DashWithRainbows
RaveBrony: so true lol
The word pegasister, I can't put my finger on the problem with that term. Maybe I will later on.
Oh, hi.
Ihop nobody can have a "wrong opinion".
BileGraze: There's a little smiley face icon. Click on that and you be able to access some emoticons.
o:
it is of my oppinon that they can Canadian_Brony
Oh, thatnks you.
CCCP Had a long, long walk and talk with a close friend for a nice portion of today, so pretty good. How about yourself?
BileGraze: that or just type the corresponding symbols. try putting the o in o: in fron of the :, and youll get a pinkeh
6_9
yayyy
Yeah, I see. :D
Ihop perhaps you would be so kind as to explain how someone can have a wrong opinion?
in your opinion, that is
DashWithRainbows it was alright not much happend thank you for asking :)
if they dont agree with mine that to is an oppinon
To me, 'Brony' is 'Brother pony' rather than 'Bro pony', because who wants to be assossiated with "bros"? And dont even start to sugggest "/b/ronies".
:o
No opinion is inherently wrong unless it is based off of wrong information
Yay.
WITCH!
lol /b/ronies
Braza pony
Rex_Mundi: Agreed.
Comrade pony!
Otakon, your opinions are wrong plenty of times.
Shizuka: what is that new music box music for the withc?
IMIGalil_Nyan: no no no, not if based off of fact. and who are you?
Can the guy who's playing see our comments? Cause, like, this is live?
otakon eeyup. It playes near witches IIRC
Canadian_Brony: it must be newer
dumbass set off the witch alone
ah
BileGraze: it's Shizuka and she can
otakon: Who else would have a gun in their name since they were too lazy to remember their regular name's password?
:)
I don't play L4D
but /b/ is where the term brony comes from
K, thank you otakon.
BileGraze: yeah if she/he has the page or chat program open in a different window
IMIGalil_Nyan: I don not know.
Thanks you for da information.
[7:00:25 PM] Ponies47: I'll brb. My computer is fucking up again -_-
np
otakon: Grimlock/SweetieBot
Whoops forgot to take the Skype stuffout :$
*eating sweat potatoe pie*
Shizuka: PPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPEEEEEELLLZZ
not on /mlp/
IMIGalil_Nyan: .... so it's you ofc.
;):P:(:O
/b > /mlp/ any day of the weel
week*
IMIGalil_Nyan: the hell I'm not familiar with that many guns how would I recognize that?
co>b
Buytoast: We left that dark place long ago.
no you haven't
:D :P :(
ponies still shit up the board everyday
There are many different theories on where the term "brony" came from. I honestly couldn't are which theory it is, so I'm going with "Brother pony".
i like /wsg/
*care*
Buytoast: So does furry porn and gifs of annimals getting thrown off bridges
The term brony was coined by a fan on /co/ before the fandom even left 4chan.
0,5i liek /wtf/
Reloading! :[
i liek /sex/
BaconMane reddit isnt that good
actually not that many animal abuse gifs on /b/ these days
people don't like em
0,5CCCP: i wouldnt know, dont tell me
IMIGalil_Nyan: True. I saw that.
THERE IT IS!
Buytoast -_- please dont talk about this stuff it one of the reasons i hate the internet
goddammit WHAT is that music name?
i don't go on reddit or 4chan. both are just forums i'm too lazy to read. TL;DR
Not that there is anything wrong with sf or anything...
Never been on reddit, what it like?
^
:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:'(:S:[6_9>_><_<lool random wmotioncons ^_^
Reddit is alright
overused joke after overused joke
weird
BaconMane: THE HELL
BaconMane: WHAT LANGUAGE?
RainbowDash90: dont spam emotes.
that's reddit
i go to reddit for news
i only like the /r/mildyinteresting
I was a newgrounds user, so yeah...
SHENANIGANS!
Hi again people.
I CALL SHENANIGANS ON BaconMane!
0,5You said "hell"
0,5thats a bad word
hi BileGraze. Did you leave
BaconMane: :|
?
Yeah, for a little bit.
*Anyone*
how many times has otakon been kicked now?
hell hell hell hell
0,5It's just a joke otakon
BaconMane: it's in bad taste
:kickcount otakon
BaconMane he didn't say it. He typed it. If he said it, you would never hear him.
honestly /b/ was never good nor was it funny at all, in fact basically any one who went on there back in 2005 doesnt go on anymore so who gives a shit?
JRP said a bad word. O:
0,5yes i would
0,5I have
AJIsAwesome: Berrypunch isn't on
0,5super hearing
BaconMane: you just like banning otakon
but
brb
Ihop: I only got kicked
otakon: I know now.
jeze that wasent necisarry who ever kicked me its called boardem
BaconMane . . . :D
it's true, /b/ is shit these days
BaconMane, Hell is the name of a terrible place.
I don't know why I find that funny
Everyone likes kicking otakon. Especially when he's down.
but I do
it's also a place in Sweden IIRC
0,5RainbowDash90 watch yourself
^
-.-
-_^
making a point dude
0,5take your boredom somewhere else not here spamming
Shizuka: I found it finally
Okay, back again.
0,5your point isnt very pointy
permaban him
RainbowDash90: if you're gonna rant at the mods, at least spell things right, and use punctuation!
he's ignoring direct orders
it's actually Alma's music box theme
you wont win against mods. Youll be gone long before you can make a point :D
#bordem
dont start
...
advertising
you spelled it wrong Ihop
he's talking back
quiert
Can the play, Shuzuki, or whatever his/her name is, type?
it's "boredom"
Chat derped on me
the only good thing that ever happend to /b/ was the justin beiber to Norht Korea prank and /fur/day massacre and of course the tome green prank
player*
yom*
tom*
can we please stop talking about 4chan?
also lol
no
CCCP- how was the /fur/ day masacre good?
I wish Chuck Norris was here
Chuck Norris doesn't simply "come here"
otakon awww but i like 4chan
no one does
lol
0,5Chuck Norris jokes are stupid
pfft, 4chan
4chan aint that bad
Buytoast: it is the Mos Eisley of the interent
internet*
Im never going bad to 4chan, the things i saw cannot be unseen...
*back
i mean "Oh man, 4chan! Obviously it's all CP and stuff that I've heard it contains!"
BaconMane jokes are stupid :I
It's the most wretched hive of scum and villainy you'll ever find.
Rex_Mundi okay sorry i personally thought it was funny, but thats just me, im alright with furries but honestly couldnt they have their oen site?
not really
otakon: I agree
I'm indifferent about the Chuck Norris jokes.
there are far worse places
4chan sucks thats all i have to say about it
BaconMane: IMIGalil_Nyan is RX-78
I generally stay away from the bad parts of 4chan. The only go to /c/ and /g/ for the most part, and I watch my step on /f/
BaconMane: correct one of the rules of the interntes says "if you make chuck norris jokes you are a newfag, no exeptions" (im not kidding)
/me 0,5has never been on 4chan :D
do itt!
BaconMane agreed. He's a washed-up has-been who receives to much praise. I'm surprised to hear Chuck Norris stuff around my school still. Just kicking a dead horse.
Buytoast: yeah but at least those places TELL you they are far worse and for that express purpose of being far wors
now
its not worth going on Bacon
0,5Naaw
Im so lost with these "/?/" things :D
no pun intended
Has anyone here ever bought a Rainbow Dash plushie? And I don't mean the really crappy ones that look like crap. I'm talking about a perfectly made plushie that resembles RD in every way. Sadly the high priced ones.
0,5RaveBrony best to not get involved with what theyre talking about
enope
RaveBrony: sections on 4chan
RaveBrony /be/
I like the show but I don't buy merch
brb
BileGraze: No. But I know people who have.:D
BileGraze I've seen alot, but either they were too damn expensive or not for sale.
BaconMane: I shall not then :D
0,5I hear 4chan isnt good so i avoid it as best i can
If only they wearn't so overpriced...
CCCP- all the /fur/ day masacre do is ensure that the only kind of furry art that gets put on 4chan is of the erotic kind, and everyday huge threads of it pop up and grow large before it gets deleated. Its why the 4chan term "furry fryday" exists.
otakon: mlp merch?
/c/=Cute (generally G rated stuff) /g/=Technology /f/=Flash
smart thinking bacomnmane
0,5Fryday?
Rex_Mundi: what's the /fur/ day massacre?
*friday
But, why can't Hasbro just make a Rainbow Dash Plushie. IT would probaly look just like the really high priced ones.
i get my porn from 4chan
._.
it's a good place to go
And only be like $20.
Rex_Mund honestly i didnt know furries liked anthromorphic creatures for any other reason than sexual ones, but thats just me being ignorant
BronyInstrumental: They gave the furries their own bord, just to deleate it and ban everyone who posted in it.
beautiful
BileGraze: The recent ones ive seen in Walmart are decent considering theyre only lik $12
CCCP, not all furries. The term applies to people who aren't even perverts.
BileGraze the main problem with RD plushies is she's the most detailed from the Mane 6. Her mane and tail are 12 unique pieces altogether, and then there's her wings to consider.
D:
come on it was still funny!
Rex_Mundi: okay. i won't join the 'furry' debate because my IRL best friend is a furry, and he's pretty important to me, so i try my best not to argue about it anywhere
I could donate. :)
CCCP: no it was not
BronyInstrumental: Same here! (\
So they have enough money to afford all da stuffing and stuff.
Kandarihu i didnt know
BileGraze I've seen a Gala RD plushie that went for over $2750. It was really detailed, though.
I dont mind furries, the ones ive met are Very nice people.
RaveBrony: /) we seem to have a lot in common >.>
I'll try to find it for you
Are you kidding me?...
no
I'll find it
$2750...
0,5Who the fuck
0,5would pay that much for a plushie
BronyInstrumental: :D
Bronysith i found it funny, not because that it happend to furries but just because that it was a successful prank
a brony BaconMane
BaconMane: We would.:D
RaveBrony, you're basing your opinions on personal experience. That's good.
BaconMane take a look at ot http://www.tomopop.com/this-is-a-2-275-handmade-rainbow-dash-plush-22369.phtml
nearly 3K for a plushie?
really?
3k for a doll
BaconMane: britannia was auctioned off at BUCK for 1000, a lot of cash but nowhere near $2750 so i don't know :D
so pathetic
Kandarihu: :$
$2275*
^
BronyInstrumental: Don't get me wrong, but why are you bringing this up again? You know where this got us last time.
/me once went to a store saw rainbowdash toy wanted to buy it, but had no money :'(
Aw D:
ah, 2k
/me pussied out
ugh
They are all fuzzed about that when it's normal?
that's barely more reasonable
AJIsAwesome: bringing what up?
0,5Yeah, uh.... that's not worth $2000 +
CCCP when I did see one, she was a brushable, which makes her look G3.
CCCP: you dont need to say that in RP form, just say you pussied out, not in /me format
Bronysith: Don't get me wrong, but why are you bringing this up again? You know where this got us last time.
I buy my pony merch with pride :D
0,5Even if it's physically worth that much, it's not mentally worth it
BronyInstrumental: Tab fail.
bidding war?
BaconMane: But it was for Charity D:
AJIsAwesome: dammit! misping
0,5I wonder what idiot spent that much on a plush toy.
Bronysith did that change the course of human existance? I think not
dunno, but he must've been rich
probably some neckbeard in his mom's house surrounded by his other plushies
I think BaconMane is my number 1 favorite mod
BaconMane: Well, it WAS made with a great amount of detail.
0,5Crimson: I dont screw around :3
0,5AJ: Yeah, so?
Noooooooooooooooo totally nooooot
Do I really need to pay $100-$1000+ just to have something to snuggle up with when I go to sleep?
^
^^
you can easily pay 50 ish for a cheap whore maybe
0,5That's $2000 that could have been spent on like, food, or clothes, or payments. Or stashed for savings.
Lol!!
twilight_sprinkle hiya!
0,5Buytoast has the right idea
Anyone here up for some advanced MvM?
BaconMane: well maybe they have disposable income
/me hus CCCP :)
I don't want a cheap one, but I don't want to go into a $500 investment to buy it either.
0,5You know how many hookers I can hire wi- wait...
/me *hugs CCCP :D
/me hus twilight_sprinkle
BaconMane: ikr? i'm strapped for cash for musical equipment and people spend 3k on plushies :S
CCCP: Xd
twilight_sprinkle haha
hey, as far as I know, it's not illegal if ya don't pork em
I'm saving up to buy a gaming computer.
If i had the money id buy a damn accordion.... Such a fun looking instrument :D
pork em?
CCCP- read this.http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/FurryFandom Furries are simply art nerds. Im somewhat of one (albiet a mild one) but there are indeed some really weird people in the fandom. But also a lot of awesome people. There is porn, but thats not a bad thing and there are plenty of furries who dont like that stuff.
0,5Idk, -$3000.... +1 small plushie
Canadian_Brony, inb4 Alienware Laptop
er, lemme rephrase that
end of game
Rex_Mundi, you mean like Bronies?
Rex_Mundi okay :P
I'm going to upgrade my old computer so A) it works and B) it works well.
I don't want laptop
I want a desktop
0,5That reminds me of the time I was playing Skyrim and I bought an enchanted mace for S9000+ and never used it.
:o
goddamn francis
though be aware that I didn't meant Bronies are furries
CrimsonPhoenix: Bronies are alot like Furries. Many Furries are bronies themselves.
Yeah
0,5Rex you're wrong
Soo...I heard there's gonna be a MLP commic somewhere in November.:$
point?
I'm excited. :3
BaconMane, please explain
BileGraze: have fun with that
0,5Im too lazy to explain in detail
0,5Furries like furry things
0,5bronies like MLP
BaconMane: A lot of fandoms are similar really
I think "Cloppers" are like furries. O.o
Let's not mention those people.
0,5I think cloppers is a really bad term. :/
BaconMane, that's different how?
depends on what they're spanking the plank to
BaconMane you can just let Silverscreen explain furries.
BaconMane: What term do you want me to use without being very blunt? lol
CrimsonPhoenix as Silverscreen when you see him.
:D
*ask
Rex_Mundi, now you're wrong
Rex_Mundi i skimmed threw it a bit and its a cool fandom i guess just honestly i dont really like anthromprphic things
Ponies are quite feral
0,5I don't mind NSFW at all, but I don't "clop" nor am I "clopper."
Oh O.o
BaconMane: i share that view
hey
it's better to just not join any fandom, because the assholes of it will always ruin you
I dislike looking at ponies in a pervert view
or humans with animal traits and fur
i cloped once man those cobblestones had it comin
is society so stupic that we name ourselves off of the porn people watch?
13still not sure if anyone is paying attention
0,5I don't identify myself as a brony anymore
Buytoast: remind me again, why are you even here? you hate everything, so why come to a place full of love?
So. Any advanced MvM?
I have no opinion on this topic.
11,02Are we seriously on the topic of porn .-.
Ihop: Oh god, hahaha :D
13I thought we said to stop with the porn discussion.
Anthropomorphism is simply humanlike characteristsics given to non-human characters. MLP ponies have personalities and can talk, thus, anthropomorphic
SuperBrony64, no porn
11,01Ooh. I have I Hate Mountains.
This palce aint full of love
GUYS!
Season 3: Sept. 17
11,02Enough of the porn talk everypony.
can we PLEASE MOVE ON
Buytoast no place is
please?
exactly
yeah.....i am lavin
They leaked season 3 villain online
SuperBrony64: I think i started it by mentioning that one term.... sorry :'(
leaving*
inb4 conversation about moving along goes on for a while
"full" being relative .-.
ShadowQuill: do NOT post it
ShadowQuill, we do not care
Okay, fuck this room. Fuck it. I'm not gonna look at fucking porn comments. Fuck this. I'ma go to a different room for a bit.
ShadowQuill: do not even hit at it
otakon: I will not
Buytoast: don't question my question, just answer it
0,5Just because people see brony as such a bad thing I'm not going to bother with assholes and not identify myself as a brony
link ShadowQuill
11,02ShadowQuill: As a reminder, sharing Season 3 spoilers is against the rules :)
otakon: I CAN'T WAIT! IT WILL BE EPIC!
Ihop: Not allowed
BileGraze: sorry man, they're all closed atm. Dude, I'd like to apologize for the behaviour some have had recently in chat. It's normally not like this.
free entertainment
pm me
both in text and visual format
SuperBrony64: Wasn't gonna spoil it, just telling them what things have been found and the date of the season release
whats going on?
BaconMane: Wait, who sees bronies as a bad thing?
Buytoast: and so if you hate everything, how is a bunch of "bronies" talking entertaining to you?
Yay!
i dont think i should adentify brony as a persnoaitly trait but i must admit that honestly i am a brony
oh no
she comes
13All viewers are strongly encouraged to read and understand our rules at http://www.bronystate.net/rules
SHE COMES!
Meet the Pyro
Rex_Mundi, still most of the media and society
because of topics liek what just happened
IT COMES
what's the matter BileGraze? Thought you were leaving.
Source does shadows really well
so many people not knowing anything about anything
ShadowQuill: Meet the Shizu
He's not here, is she?
chats crazy today
13I am getting sick and tired of people being disrespectful to each other and streamers and carrying on conversations we specifically say to stop.
So am i
:(
ShadowQuill: she's streaming mate.
Why are people mean today?
ShadowQuill S3 does not yet have a release date. If it did, Tom might say somthing besides "Season 3 does not yet have a release date."
I didn't do it!
/me hugs RaveBrony
or somethin' like that
/me hugs CCCP
oh this is new~ i likes~
ShadowQuill: lack of ponies, 3 months of pony deficit is taking it's toll.
Ok I'm back
anyway bye everyone :(
Canadian_Brony: I just generally thought Sept 17 because all seasons begin then.
13has nothing to do with it otakon
seeya CCCP
Cya CCCP!
Shizuka: sorry, i wasn't here when the current discussion was told to stop so i just flowed with it, and i didn't mean to disrespect anyone if i did :(
Wait, end of Shizu stream? ;3;
ShadowQuill guesstimation. K
aaaan no noe gives a fuck! :D
Shizuka: I was trying to lighten the mood but that did not work it seems :(
13has to do with immature children thinking they can do whatever they want whenever they want when our rules clearly state otherwise
i never got why someone uses emotes when leaving, doesnt help with anything
I identify as a brony, but only if its relevent, im not going about the world telling anyone.
ShadowQuill, season 1 started at 10.10.10
10 october 2010
00,10Yay finaly finished my first tour
:o
.....AAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!
hey, Rifftrax!
Woot!!
CrimsonPhoenix: you've doomed us! that means S3 wont' start until December 12, 2012
YES!
Sumica: How was it?
00,10got botkiller stickie bomb
Ohai Sumica
LotR Rifftrax!
Wazzup Sumica!
Sumica: no bots, just odd stuff going on
OH MY GOD, Derpy_Hooves!!! What a wonderful gift!!
I wish i had a mug of mead
Sumica: Nice :)
Happy birthday, Derpy_Hooves <3
Derpy_Hooves, you finally got it?
my brithday was two days ago >.>
dat disembodio
Sumica congrats! My friend is on his 7th . . . he never does anything except TF2 practically
otakon: i was watching taking the hobbits to isengard for 10 hours
Few people know it, but meed is made of honey, it aint bear at all!
Bronysith: that explains much
Rex_Mundi: well it's still alchohol
Is this the first Lord of the Rings?
Shizuka: thank you :)
StinkomanFan: eeyup
00,10ick
Good
lol, TF2, the game i can't play on the majority of days :D
00,10he must have a team to do them with
Aww yeah! I'm goign computer shopping on Friday! :3
i have the exstended edition of Loard of the rings :P
*going
inb4 Mordor jokes
Ponies47: then after we canz play TF2 with NO LAG!
Shizuka: do you have the last airbender riftrax
StinkomanFan: not likely, they'll take the high path
Hi Sumi
Ihop: we will NEVER watch that here
hiya Sumica what's up mate?
00,10hi LadyCanary
Sumica no, he joins random games that are currently playing. I call hax
otakon: we halve before
BronyInstrumental: I hope! After what happend the other day when I was playing MvM with a few other bronystaters. Yeah -_-
ORCS MUST DIE 2
Lord of the Rings!!
Ihop: no, nowe have not ever EVER watch Avatar The Last Airbender THE MOVIE here
Ihop: the show however is great
^
Seeing medieval soldiers going to battl with swords like that is like watching Marines throw away their rifles and attack with handguns. the sword is a side weaopn in the age of heavy plate armor!
"They've invented the tank"
otakon oh my bad thought we did
13is volume leveling working well? this is the video where the riff is on left channel only
13wanted to avoid the massive whining about it
Shizuka: fine on my end
Shizuka: Yep.
I can hear just fine Shizu, thanks <3
Shizuka this is good.
13sadly disambaudio cues the you shall not pass line so it ruins the moment up there
Working just fine for me Shizuka
^
Shizuka: dammit :|
Fun Fact: They're making Lego Lord of the Rings
kaboom
13stream is in mono mode
Hi again.>_>
StinkomanFan: goddammit
13also no bill on this one
fact- burritoes existed in middle-earth
NO BILL?!
NOOOOOOO
StinkomanFan: Wat? O_O
Sauron 2-electric boogaloo
I still do not know what possessed them to make LEGO LORD OF THE RINGS
dat Disembodio
Hi BileGraze
money
BileGraze: Hello!
They have Lego everything now a days
Hi Ponies47. Be my friend.
And you AJIsAwesome.
hai BileGraze
lego MLP......... mother of god......
so this aint the extended version?
You too thelonepony. :3
13these are all normal version
BronyInstrumental: I don't play with lego's anymore but. I WOULD BUY THOSE IN A HEART BEAT!
I admit "yogibearer" made me laugh
So Shizuka, you just started?
otakon simple: Lego video games are the "next big thing" for 10-year-olds. Therefore, you make Lego versions of everythig.
/me is behind BileGraze "hello"
13i was playing l4d but no one cared
what
...
Gollumn has a pony toy
I cared.
Shizuka: I cared....:(
Oh. okay.
HE JUST FUCKING LOOKED AT THE RING FOR 500 YEARS?!
Actually, I like the Lego games because of how simple and addicting they are.
BileGraze: You don't need to ask. I'm already my friend my friend :3
Shizuka: What? D: I cared!
I cared too :(
Bronysith: I guess so.:D
/me hugs Shizuka
*your friend my frined BileGraze
Shizuka I cared. Your stream is always interesting.
I was really enjoying it
i did not care
BileGraze: So, How can I help you?
Okay Ponies47. I want a hug now.
*friend
/me Hugs BileGraze
Hi Dovah.
Shizu...you know I care. I always care. As you have about me <3
13canary canary~<3
13okay so some ponies cared
Um.
We love you Shizuka
Shizuka: i cared too
:)
What about me? D:
/me nuzzles Shizuka. Wub :3
13everypony else was whining about furries und everything but paying attention to zombies
You, know what everypony? I want pie.
:\
I like biscuits.
brb
/me throws a muffin at Shizuka
/me pouts.
Shizuka: I'm sorry, I wasn't paying much attention to it. The chat disruptions were aggravating me. Sorry :(
*k*
i cared Shizuka :)
I get no love. D:
/me and WindWhistler
But I love you Shizuka
WindWhistler: no you don't :P
And all the ponies except otakon
Shizuka: I was watching the stream. I didin't want to get into the middle of all the bull(squee). D:
otakon x no one
/me Praises Shizuka
better than a chair
Shizuka: That was going in the caht
*chat
otakon: whaddya think of that? I shipped you with no one.
..Shizuka, is it bad that I think Frollo looks adorable?
WindWhistler: yay!
Ponies47 unfortunately, ys
*yes
LadyCanary: Frollo is from Hunchback
Watching your stream, I realized that I suck compared to you Shizuka.
^^"
Frodo.
otakon: and voiced by the late Tony Jay
Pardon me.
Ponies47: the word furry enticed me to add my opinion, nothing more, for i am sensible.
Shizuka: I enjoyed the stream. The immense amount of butthurt between moast of the people in the chat annoyed me.
LadyCanary: NO YOU SHALL NEVER BE PARDONED
*most*
Bronysith: damn fine voice actor
.___.
Canadian_Brony: Oh
BronyInstrumental: Okie
lol
/me slaps LadyCanary
/me slaps WindWhistler
I love Rifftrax's
Ow! ;_;
/me slaps Canadian_Brony
-___-
Did we finish the Harry Potter series?
Let's jsut all SHUDA UP and enjoy the Rifftrax! :D
^
*just
/me grabs Canadian_Brony and stuffs him into a barrel.
lolbilbobagginsisafunnynameandwhenifirstsawitismiled. :)
BronyInstrumental: Its OK, furries themselvs get that way when furries are mentioned lol
WindWhistler: Rifftrax or normal?
BileGraze: have you ever read the novels?
AJIsAwesome: RiffTrax
AJIsAwesome: Rifftrax
Novels?
One spark burns downa church.
WindWhistler: No.
I'm sowwy Shizuka. D:
otakon: someone hasnt read the novels?
I'll behave myself.
What novels?
Hey BileGraze do you have Steam?
Wait...I'm a lady too. Can ladies slap ladies?
Bronysith: kind of like when Nyria didn't know what Bohemian Rhapsody was
...
lol
Speaking of Bohemian Rhapsody...
WindWhistler: Do you like the term pegasister?
otakon: SOMEONE DIDNT KNOW WHAT BOHEMIAN RHAPSODY WAS?!?!?!?!!?
BileGraze "Lord of the Rings" is a trilgy. It also has a prequel: "The Hobbit"
What the heck are you anyway?
We're playing that in orchestra
We're playing Bohemian Rhapsody
Canadian_Brony: that is gonna be another trilogy
Um, I havn't used it in a long time Ponies47. So I don't think I would ever really be online. Also my computer is super slow.
How we're gonna do it in an orchestra I have no idea
Theres going to be 3 'Hobbit' movies now.
WindWhistler: no, I was commenting on how Nyria didn't know what it was.
otakon: I know...but I was just saying "speaking of"
otakon Rex_Mundi What. The. Buck.
ohai ponies
Hello all
BileGraze: Ah. Okie. Then you need a new computer :P
So.
otakon, meow
Rex_Mundi: HOW? I don't get HOW Jackson can make the much shorter 'The Hobbit' into 3, 2 hour movies
/me is forever ignored
111
What novels?
otakon: poor yamcha http://cheezburger.com/6537712384
hai Cypresswolf
Canadian_Brony: you.do.not.slap.LC.
Lord of the Rings had novels?
What did you mean by novels, oktakon?
Sonic? No!!!
Canadian_Brony: do it again and I'll press you into a crate.
ohai ponies
Hi IshPony.
13i do not think you can call the lord of the rings "novels" so much as "bricks"
BileGraze: Lord of the Rings was a trilogy of books from the 1950's IIRC
I wanna be your friend.
I LOVE Sonic. We need to stream AoStH
hiya IshPony
o
okay
shizLOL
IshPony: Hello!
Shizuka: lol you could kill a man with one of the first editions, but I love them so.
Shizuka: LOL
otakon hiya nom victim
13tolkien did not understand the concept of "paragraphs"
JappleAck is a spy
otakon firstly, you should've cleaned this barrel. It smells like moonshine. Secondly, who is LS? I slapped WindWhistler
wait what IshPony?
ohai regs
otakon: i have the complete collection in one volume
Canadian_Brony: you slapped LadyCanary
otakon is a spy
/me nomz otakon to death
NO!
Canadian_Brony: prepare to die
/me knocks off the nomming IshPony
otakon: Canadian_Brony- There is a lot of backstory in the appendices in the LOTR books that take place during the time, like what Gandalf was doing when he was gone. The white council, Mirkwood and Dol Guildor with Sauron, Sarumon looking for the Ring... etc...
hai IshPony
0,5Who slapped me?
13i thought the maturity of mane chat was supposed to rise when schools started...
/me gets back on otakon
13not fall further..
BaconMane: Canadian_Brony
/me rips IshPony off otakon
BaconMane: not you, Canadian_Brony slapped LadyCanary
NO! I didn'!!
/me nomz Bronysith out of existence
otakon: Let's just say he did
Canadian_Brony: yes you did!
/me then returns to nomming otakon
Who would slap a Lady?
Alas.
They spy is a double agent
well this is entertaining
I'm a lady too.
Canadian_Brony didnt slap me >_>
crap
I slapped WindWhistler! Scroll up!
I'm sorry Canadian_Brony
Seems we've received a surge of stupid from parts unknown. Very unfortuante.
I was already kicked for slapping. So don't get me.
/me stuffs WindWhistler into a smaller barrel reeking of apples.
Sometimes, I eat cupcakes.
Everyone is slapping everyone. we are the three Stooges!
BileGraze: delicious, chocolate I hope?
lol
BONG NOISES!
chat derp. My last message was from otakon
/me escapes
But of course.
GETTING STONED
WOOOO
Canadian_Brony: lol sorry again
STONED
I thought you were playing around.
Shizuka, the smart one's are busy at school
/me stuffs WindWhistler into a barrel, which he stuff into another barrel and tosses off of a cliff "ADVENTURE!!!!!!!!!"
/me sits in LadyCanary's lap.
BTW, you can sroll up and see I slapped WindWhistler. I would never slap LadyCanary. I'm not sane
And sometimes, I like to play baseball with my good friend, SlenderMan.
Canadian_Brony: insane
Maybe everypony is drunk
doesnt seem so bad right now
Go and dance with the ladies
Anyways, bye.
also hi
But I am a lady! D:
otakon I am insane
I'll be on tomorrow or sometime later today.
seeya BileGraze
where is Slenderman anyway?
*Dances with WindWhistler*
WindWhistler: well still...wait catfight?
BileGraze: Bye!:)
what the heck was that voice over?!
bai BileGraze
otakon: You missed it.
thelonepony, it depends on if you believe in him or not
Shame on you otakon for missing it.
BTW, did BaconMane say anything when otakon said I slappd him even though I didn't?
p4ngya: it's disembodio, makes sure that the rifftrax stays in sync with the actions on the movie
kaboom!
Canadian_Brony: that wasn't otakon. That was me.
"i'm sexy and i know it" is on the radio here, almost enough to drive me away
ah
I was joking.
-_-
anyone else getting lag?
nnop
otakon: nah
WindWhistler: well i stole your face
odd
otakon, nope jus you
nope
Bronysith: You can't. I didn't show emotion.
my audio is fine but the video was seizing up
/me slap otakon with a fish
otakon: it is the tonberry in your internet, aniki
/me is fishslapped
13freebird!
otakon that was happening to me earlier.
Bronysith: will you get those damn Tonberry's out of my net!
the video was acting up earlier for me.
WHY DOES SCHOOL EXIST
otakon: they scare me, they are so cute though
/me Slaps IshPony with a rubber keyboard
I hate school.
-slaps ishpony with a salmon-
Bronysith: 1 hit kills, but ...cute.
Hey Shizuka, do you have a favorite pony?
RainbowDash90: your face when a salmon is a fish
WindWhistler: To increase one's knowledge.
13yes
/me takes the rubber keyboard, freezes it and smashes it over Eulshy's head
13vivi
WindWhistler: You think taht's bad? I had freshman only day today nad it was SO BUCKED UP! O_O
where?
WindWhistler if you didn't have school, you wouldn't be abe to do anything when you grow up basically.
where is Vi?
otakon: yup, just take away the knife, raise it yourself and such, they are quite cute
The state law of Wisconsin says we can't start school until labor day.
/me Misses Vivi and hopes she can come back soon
school sucks espeacally when your the only brony there.-_-
Bronysith: or give them a rubber knife
And then he shot himself
Canadian_Brony: I don't need school to play video games or draw.
lol
Shizuka: Respectable choice;)
woah he disappeared.
Ponies47: same here mate
otakon: damn it square, why did they make something so adorable deadly?
I made some dubstep vehsh dont hurt me please
otakon not sure. I've seen her once or twice in the chat when I came on for the first few times, but she didn't say anything.
otakon: The did some really weird (squee) :S
he doesn't know the dangers of the ring
Miss Vivi :(
NOOo
You can NOT Rifftrack LOTR
NOOOoooO!
goodnight everypony
pony_4050 too late
Nighty night
JappleAck: Night!
night JappleAck see you at dragoncon
g'night JappleAck
night JappleAck
Shizuka: I want to apologize. I may not have engaged in the furry talk. But i did you the certain term while talking to BaconMane that started the porn talk..... I didnt expect everyone to continue it :(
dam buffer
Uh oh billeh
ALL OF THE TASTY BUFFER
and suddenly buffer
Well buck..... i just screwed my self over :|
don't put that ring on Billeh
there was a furry talk?
otakon: i need to read LoTR for the 4th time, i keep forgetting stuff
the only charger for my laptop is now ded :|
Bronysith: you should make it a yearly thing
and then super mode
hey everypony im back :)
Some talk about differences/similarities between them and bronies
/me rages a bit
Welcome back DJ_POn-3
otakon: but then it might corrupt me, like the ring itself
wb DJ_POn-3 we're watching LotR Rifftrax
NOOO DONT LISTEN TO THE RING! A CREEPY ASIAN GIRL WILL COME OUT
and suddenly darkness
Lunatic mode activated
sweet
thelonepony: Suddenly Touhou?
hang had to refresh the movie
otakon: what do you think the corruption would feel like though? to get your mind torn to shreds
not sure really WindWhistler
Bronysith: you'll be fine, your current corruption level should protect you.
it would feel like a rainbow went threw your skull and made your nose implode
DoctorWhoovesV10: wrong ring
otakon: lol, but in all seriousness, what do you think it would be like?
dat cliche ending
now kiss
otakon: ya well i thought it was a good touch
he bring da hurt all right lol
if ya catch my drify
drift
I challenge all to try to rustle mai jimmies
no
EAT IT
EAT IT GANDALF
hmm wonder how much a new laptop charger costs...
50 bits
SMOKE IT GANDALF!
I havnt watch the non-extended version of this movie in a long time,
Rex_Mundi: same here
i seen this befor
hello everypony!
hiya Freefall29
Three Hours
lol sorry had to so true for me :P http://pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/when-you-hear-your-favorite-song-playing-in-the-other-room.gif
Lady wizerd lol
dat close up
THREE HOURS
Wouldn't that be a witch, Gandalf?
hello freefall
Unless... He found a tranny... o god...
DJ_POn-3 I've done that before. It was awesome!
That old man lieks the weird stuff
ha! i luv the narration
Hey Freefall29 :3
i did to but didnt end well :'(
Oh damn
Fell over?
i racked my knee on a steel beam
So where do all those tourches go when we later see baradur?
o_o
I crashed into a wall.
my face stung for a week
hai Freefall29
hi Freefall29
lol but racking your knee ah hurts so bad for like 2 weeks
hi Freefall29
I knocked a few people over when doing that :$
ha, edgar allan poe reference!
Canadian_Brony: how did you crash into a wall?
brb
yes lol bowling with others
<--iz playing Lef For Dead 2 x_x
Nice :P
RaveBrony: http://pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/when-your-phone-dies-and-youre-not-at-home.gif
hi rainbowdash90
hello RainbowDash90
BRB dinner
moo!!!!!
DJ_POn-3: Oh wow :D so true
lol
Sauron is captain Planet?
ikr
So, the trailer for the next Skyrim DLC was released yesterday.
Bring out ya dead!
Eddmario: How was it?
Eddmario: more Shit DLC for a shit game
RaveBrony: http://pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/when-youre-watching-a-movie-with-your-parents-and-a-sex-scene-comes-on.gif
Eddmario: eeyup, Hearthfire I look forward to it
Freefall29 I did this http://www.pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/when-you-hear-your-favorite-song-playing-in-the-other-room.gif
AJIsAwesome: The trailer looked almost fanmade.
Eddmario: That DLC looks amazing :)
Eddmario: so basically they're gonna milk skyrim cod style?
Eddmario: So that's a bad thing?
DJ_POn-3: Hahaha :D
Random Fact: Frodo is the voice of Sigma in Red VS Blue
hry crazypony
AJIsAwesome: Here's the sentance that sums up the DLC: Sims: Skyrim Edition
Canadian_Brony: injury must have been worth the ride
Not Elija wood, Frodo is the voice of Sigma.
hi Pearly
Eddmario: Okay.
RaveBrony: http://pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/when-you-see-your-friends-at-the-same-party.gif
Freefall29 hell yeah.
I'm not into Skyrim, it's not my taste.
why does everything that doesnt involve combat, relate to sims?
one does not simply read a ring
AJIsAwesome: it is an overrated crap game
and then made in china
*insert reference to the episode of the Big Bang Theory where they find the LOTR prop ring
Bronysith: Well, to each his own.
skyrim isnt bad tbh
just burnt out of it atm :p
inb4 "One does not smply..." and/or "...into Mordor" jokes
Ryunosuke: If you saw the trailer, you'd know why everyone's saying that about it
here ya go EVERYPONY http://pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/when-a-randomly-gross-pic-shows-up-in-your-google-image-search.gif
Canadian_Brony: I already did.
I fucking love skyrim...
scroll up.
MLP_Brovakiin: i couldnt tell
"obvious sarcasm
http://pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/when-youre-singing-a-song-and-some-random-person-decides-to-join-you.gif
goddamn you keep link that shit
MLP_Brovakiin: I love fucking Skyrim
around $20 to replace mah laptop charger :)
Lord of the rings?
DJ_POn-3: Lol! :D
how are you crazypony
Buffered.
DJ_POn-3: I like these. Keep posting them.:)
Freefall29 I'll be sure to do it again this year if you can roll the office chairs around at Costco.
DJ_POn-3: plus 1 internets for you
Molestia "i am back sister, much SKY RIMMING HAS BEEN DONE"
luna "i dont even know"
http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-0kFYOGPB4Lg/UD2fhHA4XPI/AAAAAAAAOTw/nAmKHnX4Tdo/s640/lauren_faust_with_the_fausticorn_i_made_for_her_by_whitedove_creations-d5cu8pn.jpg
RaveBrony: how do i just contact you kinda confused unless im doing it correcty
TAKE IT
BUFFERING.
TAKE IT FAGGOT
Rex_Mundi: Where did you get that picture?:O
I just downloaded FireFox 15.0 earlier today, and I already fucking love the fuck out of the fucking thing.
Oh hey. Lotr riffs. Did we finish Harry Potter?
DJ_POn-3: Hmm? as in pm?
Meanwhile not sure. Don't think so.
hi
well i think so but in this chat
AJIsAwesome: The latest plushie compilation on EqD
which reminds me, I gotta finish reading the hobbit
Guys i need help.
GUYS.
hi Pinkielover123. With what?
Im always buffering.
Pinkielover123: Try refreshing.
Hobbits are so SHORT
Thanks.
like a boss
YER A WIZARD GANDALF
AJIsAwesome: I hope we can see some Middle-East bronies. They got internet over there!
StinkomanFan:you dont say
otakon: newb question, but whos the actor for gandalf?
Rex_Mundi: who's seeing middle-east bronies?
I hope Gandalf turns me into a pony.
I wonder how the chat is going to be when S3 comes out.
Ian Mckellen.
I just had an awesome idea. Rifftrax: Brony Edition.
Pinkielover123: mostly lulz and drama
Eddmario: if only, if only
Eddmario: Rifftrax, G3 MLP
http://sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/314931_278489462265528_2042882498_n.jpg - I chuckled
Wish my keys did that
Want to be found that is
Im buffering...Again.
otakon: It can still be done. Riffers could include Mic the Microphone, Dusty Katt, and Tara Strong.
The Dark Lord!?.... oh so Voldamort?
Nvm.
Buffering is good for oyu. Clears the pores.
Eddmario: not a chance Tart would do it on a whim
Back from da noms :3
http://pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/when-youre-trying-to-watch-a-tv-show-online-and-the-video-wont-load.gif
WB Ponies47
Morning everypony
Eddmario: Don't forget John De Lancie.
magic the gathering <3
Thanks Canadian_Brony
wb Ponies47
Ponies47: Welcome back!
THundarr
holy HELL that's old
DerpyMuffins: Hello!
otakon: AHHAAHHAAAA!
DJ_POn-3 ugh, I know that too well
I got a ping
!uno
Wait, wrong channel.
DJ_POn-3: that's how I felt about my old pc... I got really, really close to doing that a few times
otakon pong
otakon: you did?
yes
!join #Spike
GANDALF THE GREY AND GANDALF THE WHITE, AND MONTY PTHON AND THE HOLY GRAIL'S BLACK NIGHT
so i have 3hrs before my laptop dies, then i wont be able to charge it D:
/me rages
had to refresh
MUFFIN!
Kandarihu: his block is busted I think
AJIsAwesome: I love how John De Lancie is championing us.
if only i had money...
StinkomanFan there's a crossover fic with Rainbow Dash in The Ultimate Showdown of Ultmate Destiny.
MUFFIN!!!
Rex_Mundi: IKR?
MUFFIN!!!!
AJIsAwesome: I wonder when the documentory will be compleated?
dumb charger it just had to break when i had no money :|
everypony http://pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/when-you-were-little-and-your-mom-yelled-who-wants-ice-cream.gif
Rex_Mundi: Late fall, I think. Wish I pre-ordered the DVD...:(
BronyInstrumental: :D
DJ_POn-3: :D
afternoon all
ello XAX
dem sliding cats
Hey XAX :3
sleepy timez for me. bye everypony :)
night BronyInstrumental
BronyInstrumental: Night!
Cya BronyInstrumental!
BronyInstrumental: Goodnight
Goodnight BronyInstrumental
DJ_POn-3 that looks like me now when I hear the phone ring and I'm alone at home. Our three phones are upstairs and I practicaly live in my basement.
bye BronyInstrumental take care
hi XAX
Hey Everyone.
g'night Bronyi-
XAX: Hello!
Hallo Champion_of_Harmony
hi Champion_of_Harmony
You spin me right round baby
Champion_of_Harmony: Hello!
corn
ello Champion_of_Harmony
I like corn
lol
hiya Champion_of_Harmony we're watching Rifftrax LotR
back everypony
Frigging midgits
Yeah I see I thought it was going to be Harry potter
damn kicks
StinkomanFan: actually hobbits and it's a special digital effect
Welcome back CCCP
Champion_of_Harmony: yeah i was surprised too
Whimsical music~
hey there CCCP and Canadian_Brony
OH BOY, IT'S FRED AND GEORGE!
Wb CCCP
hi Pearly
Lol is this the extended edition or regular?
regular
CCCP: Welcome back.
hi MLP_Brovakiin Pearly and RaveBrony! :) thanks
Got it
Champion_of_Harmony probably regular. Rifftrax
damn you video lag!
thank you AJIsAwesome <3
da cliff
and over the cliff they go
Watch for falling hobbits
just a carrot
lol
he broke something alright
to mushrooms
Hobbit Hobbit Hobbit Hobbit Mushroom Mushroom
good thing hobbits are capable of surviving a deadly fall
delcious mushrooms
Must those "special" Shrooms
watch for falling hobbits
Freefall29: they're very tough for little guys
eat the mushrooms, you grow bigger
watch out for snakes
OH GOD NICK NOLTE!
Freefall29: or freak the fuck out
RUN AWAY! RUN AWAYYYYYYYYYYYY
Oh hay they're in the Forest of Magic
STFU and GTFO!
If they're not careful they'll run into Marisa.
Sumica: goddammit man
WindWhistler: The Everfree forest?
Okay, I will be loud
Ah Wraith Ah Wraith! Wraith! ooooh its a Wraith
Rex_Mundi: Nope.avi
ATT: There is an underground high-stakes brony uno tourney of DEATH going on in the Spike room. So far we've got a plushie and a McDonald's toy up for grabs. Want in? Then join us.

was that an unintentional blair thumb reference?
00,10oh sorry otakon
otakon: or pull a dick jensen move and join the wraiths
Marisa called she wants her mushrooms back
sure
00,10here let me fix that for you
whats this called (commentry?)
Eddmario: uno?
/me glomps Sumica
I think he's blind
Sumica: oh god no
hey look, a death eater
00,10:kickbot 6 9
and now bugs
/me hugs Sumica
It smells your fear
Freefall29: actually they are blind
*hugs sumica*
Sumica: no Berrypunch you idgit
THE TRIPS GONE BAD!

lay off the lucy in the sky with diamonds
Aunt Polly is best Nazgul.
Wraiths are CooCoo for shroom
00,10*sigh* remind me again Shizuka why did we get this bot?
Sumica: we needed a maid bot for when Nittany_Discord isnt here
Sumica: What bot? whoes the bot?
which one?
Rex_Mundi: BerryPunch
coco shooms make bark turn in to chocolate
:kickcount otakon
damnit
http://pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/when-you-show-up-at-a-party-and-dont-know-anyone.gif
i miss magnet
DJ_POn-3: mean, but funny. really funny
:kickbot otakon
http://pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/when-it-was-Sunday-and-your-parents-dragged-you-to-church.gif
that didn't work either
BERRYPUNCH IS NOT HERE
so it WILL NOT WORK
-________-
Hi guys.
dat rage
hi VenHur
hiya VenHur
VenHur: Hello!
hi VenHur
Hi VenHur
otakon: i think you finally built up enough rage for a heroic strike
http://pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/when-you-tell-a-joke-that-no-one-finds-funny.gif
ello VenHur
why didn't he jump?
I'll get you next time gadget!
Canadian_Brony: wouldn't have made it
00,10Well the point of the bot was so otakon was't kicked 3 times in a row by 3 difrent scripts
Canadian_Brony: they can't cross open water
a
*ah
http://pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/when-you-watch-someone-walk-into-the-room-you-just-farted-in.gif
00,10just one kick scrip that would not go off line
Canadian_Brony: these arn't sea ponies were talking about
Ohai VenHur
THE PRANCING PONY!
The Pink Pony
Yay
the pink pony is a strip club
So Bree has a Brony convention?
DJ_POn-3: Oh god :D
sasha grey is a pegasister
DJ_POn-3: Would you mind not posting so many links? Especially during a stream.
It's a little bit rude to the streamer.
LadyCanary: I don't mind, most of them are really funny
LadyCanary: little bit?
CCCP: hot
oh sorry LadyCanary: :)
bittle lie
Freefall29: Who cares what you mind.
lit*
Ihop actually i was lying muhahaha
well i should go i want to save some of my battery power, bye everypony :)
hagrid
KITTY
CCCP: awwww
BOOZ
I could use a pint right about now]
welcome back thelonepony
Ihop sorry :C
:3 Wait til Pippin finds out you can request they leave the bottle
hi thelonepony
pfft, MySpace
hai :)
myspace is for kids who arn't cool enough for facebook
whats a MySpace?
a social network
"Mrs frodo Strider" lol
drunken fool
the milk im drinking tastes like water :<
I don't like Facebook or MySpace.
http://pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/when-someone-catches-you-talking-to-yourself.gif
Shure I know a Baggins! :) *hic*
CCCP: :<
It's usually places for drama nowadays
/me Has Twitter :3
I'm curious what the highest level your Entree thing in Pokemon can be. Until I hear otherwise, I'm assuming the max black/white lvl is 999.
Facebook is good for only one reason and i cant say that here
9 pints O_o
DJ_POn-3 I talk to myself on a regular basis, so I know that all too well.
http://pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/when-you-step-out-of-the-pool.gif
Bar Fight!
...aww
F.U.N.
I'll 'ave you longshanks
^_^ 31 seconds
DJ_POn-3, Pretty much.
Fun fact, the "eye" in the book isnt a pysical thing. There is no "lighthouse of mordor" in the books.
http://pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/when-you-are-out-eating-with-people-and-food-finally-comes-to-the-table.gif
DJ_POn-3: im pretty sure the awesomenss that is LadyCanary asked you to stop that
Rex_Mundi movies have to change some things to convey them properly
mmmm....bacon
Oh dear! D:
I hope we see these guys at dragoncon
DJ_POn-3 i must admit thats kinda funny but could you at least derpy.me if you'r gonna keep linking
DJ_POn-3 that is me and my family when we eat out.
Bronysith: LadyCanary said stop frequent posts
DJ_POn-3: and you kept at it frequently
Ha! its true, lost never had a point!
DJ_POn-3: yeah, its best now you listen before a kick happens
is dj still spamming his shitty gifs?
Buytoast: yup
O____________O
Buytoast swerin si men
alright every couple of minutes
To New Jersery, Master Gamgee
The place of Elmo?
Sesame Street!
CCCP: i dont give a shit, he doesnt give a fuck, i dont give a shit, no one gives a fuck
WE'RE GOING TO SESAME STREET!
^
Oktoberfest!
Okay, anypony here have a shotgun I can use? Ima kill the guy who made that comment on Canada.
Bronysith wat
Its Bill the Pony!
Buy Some Apples!
beerfest
HEADSHOT!!
otakon: 2nd breakfast is best breakfast
it is
sadly I'm in bummed mode
does DJ always post gif links?
eeyup
Throw me a party worthy of Mordor
Canadian_Brony patriotism is like racsim - Albert Einstien
Fluttertree nooo!!
CCCP I don't know what patriotism is tho.
WUB off anyone?
dem Fluttershys
god, stop hurting fluttershy
I'm fine with DJ_POn-3 posting gif links, as long as he doesn't post them so frequently. SOme of them are pretty funny.
NO!!!
Canadian_Brony then nevermind
Fluttershy!!!
MURIKA
The Flutter Ents will not be pleased about this
What are they doing to Fluttershy's family?:O
That's it, the white guy is DEAD!!
Ugh. This is reminding me that I need to mow my lawn. Do not want.
Barbetos burn it down
put on some headphones with pony music playing
Knowing my luck I would burn my house down.
Bacon
Nice Crispy Bacon has alerted the hoard :3
Who ells here is a LOTR nerd like me?
oh f*ck!
BACON!!!
Cypresswolf: I guess they like bacon.
They just want some bacon
Or tomatoes
Barbetos burn down your house and sue your neighbors for it
They'll neve think to look-LAG
^
Spamalot
Canalot.
-trps
And there's the cliche stumble to the floor.
*trips
canterlot
Cossaks lol
Dramatic turn!
We ham and jam and spam alot!
-doesn't bother getting up
we eat*
*guy clapping while chained to the wall*
13and then frodo gave them the ring
13the end
bugger all my stream keeps lagging out
Shikuza: Cool story bro.
otakon me too
Shizuka: and they lived happily ever after
here comes one http://pleated-jeans.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/when-you-accidentally-walk-in-on-someone-who-is-naked.gif
I didn't know he wore the ring more than once.
That's some movie, Shizu.
lol Office Space reference
/me trots around the room, is a happy pony
OI. Enough with the links DJ_POn-3. >_> It;s REALLY rude.
burn baby burn!
And then the good overlord sauron ensure man and orc equality and middle-earth prospered under his wise rule!
otakon: WHY MUST THIS BE EPIC?!
LadyCanary: would this be strike 2 at this point?
*Fwoom*! Haha - Flaming
Bronysith: no idea
Bonjour
I don't mind the links.
DJ_POn-3: Perhaps you should just wait till much later to post these.
im not posting frequently :(
hey RAWRity
hiya RAWRity
Freefall29: No, but it's just rude to the streamer.
hi RAWRity
hello RAWRity
RAWRity!!! :D
Hey.
I don't mind the links.
LadyCanary!
hi DemoPegono
AJIsAwesome: No one cares what you mind.
Oohh... Okay. I see how it is.
HE NEEDS ELVIS MEDICINE!
ha RAWRity
Meanwhile *huggies*
Meanwhile: Gee, thanks.
I wonder if there's a Rifftrax with the Nostalgia Critic...if it happens, I can die happily.
hai RAWRity
13VenHur: yes
AJIsAwesome: Don't mention it.
Hai everyponay :O
Meanwhile: Looks like someone needs a hug.
HELLO! * explodes *
boun girno
Shizuka: *spitting coffee*
Meanwhile hug me the fuck back noooow! :[
13lion king
CCCP: No.
Sarumon is so awesome
Shizuka must watch!
CCCP: Meanwhile doesnt hug anyone SO STFU
Nostalgia Critic did a riff of Batman Forever, didn't he?
Meanwhile ffffffuuuuuuuuu
Bronysith: You stfu, don't declare who I will or will not hug.
Bye Mothra!
Bronysith *hugs*
/me hugs Meanwhile
AJIsAwesome you can hug Meanwhile but he will thoroughly detest it. you might get some of that stuff on you too, and it does not come out easy.
*hugs Shizuka for the stream*
/me murders CCCP
Even though it is the wron film I had to share http://cheezburger.com/6525081856 :D
this is a fluttershy massacre
/me hugs Meanwhile
Another Ents bites the dust...
Shizuka: You has GOT to show the Rifftrax version of The Lion King tomorrow! Pwease?
Bronysith why? ;~;
hiya everypony! :)
h BroHoof
BroHoof: Hello!
Hai BroHoof
*hi
BroHoof: /)
LEEROY JENKINS!
>Cheese Burger
BroHoof whats up :D
>cancer
CCCP: i dont want to be hugged by Tidus
13if ponies behave maybe
Brohoof: /)
k
dal
Hai BroHoof
*deal
Bronysith please?
Shizu that's inevitably a no then.
CCCP: NO it isnt a real hug anyways
I want you ALL to behave!
13notice the stone trolls behind them
Bronysith but you would hug other people
what happens if ponies behave?
Shizuka: damn I am WAY behind
Yeah, I wonder how they will do the Trolls in the Hobit movie?
Shizuka: I was watching Lurtz being born
Frodo becomes wraith - Sauron wins - The End
13it's the first elven deus ex machina squad
I SEE THE LIGHT!
Hot wings seemed like such a good idea at the time, but now I feel like poopy. =(
Goodnight everyone :)
It was soo good though
MLP_Brovakiin: Night!
g'night MLP_Brovakiin
If you read the Silmarillion, it shows that Orcs born from mud pits doesnt make sense
night MLP_Brovakiin
13but they aren't orcs, they're uruk hai
13totally different
:) ;) :)
well kind of
/me hugs AJIsAwesome and Canadian_Brony and also thelonepony Night :)
DJ_POn-3: wazz uuuup :3
DoctorWhoovesV10: Let's not emote spam.
so, LadyCanary. New eps of YOung Justice start in a month.
/me was hugged
.... RAWRity REALLY?!
Uruk-hai is orkish for "orc people", they are half-breed orcs, larger than normal orcs. sauron has uruks too.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
love hugs
LadyCanary: yep. New episodes 9/29
RAWRity: They still make that show? I love that show.:O
AJIsAwesome: yup. been on hiatus all summer though.
never heard of it
RAWRity, the day before my Birthday
RAWRity: Okay. Thanks!:)
AJIsAwesome: sure thing, no spaming.
MLP_Brovakiin- heh! I want to hug AJIsAwesome too!:[
hello everypony
hi Lunarshy
Lunarshy: Hello!
Ride unnamed pony - Show us the meaning of haste
hai Lunarshy
/me hugs Rex_Mundi
/me bro-hoofs Lunarshy
AJIsAwesome: <3
Lunarshy: I just came as well, hello everypony
hi Franek12354
Franek12354: Hello!
well mips hates me
hiya Franek12354
:)
otakon: Refresh not working?
amd suddenly water
AJIsAwesome: it's Mips
DEM BLUE EYES
WATER. WATER EVERYWHERE
mips hates me as usual
hai Franek12354
which they can cross now?
Why not earlier?
mips is being an asshole right now
Canadian_Brony: deep water they cannot cross
NOT THE PONIES!
Call upon the Seaponies...
Canadian_Brony: that river is damn shallow
There were no survivors
And all the people who didn't go to the bathroom before the movie started wet their cloths that day.
*clothes*
...Careful as can bee ponies, simple send your S.O.S.
Canadian_Brony: neither
Frodo dies, movie over, the end.
die frodo die
Canadian_Brony: it's a purity kind of thing
ok
"We circumsized you while you were asleep."
I was delayed >_>
I hope my mom buys me a 3DS XL for my birthday
And by delayed, I mean got beaten the crap out of.
My regular 3DS doesnt seem well built
Moon: I SPY WITH MY LITTLE EYES!
FLY GIANT CANARY FLY!
sorry for frequent posting everypony
"remember to return your tray to its upright position"
/me is drowning
DJ_POn-3: It's okay. Just don't do it a lot.:)
I BE A DROWNER!
then LadyCanary saved gandolf
?
eeyup
LadyCanary: giant eagle I called it a giant canary
Also apperently the launcher for WoW has changed as of today I think
Love that wide view of Rivendell :)
Its now Mists of Pandaria designed
We can expect to see Legolas in the Hobbit movie(s).
Rex_Mundi: woot
Bilbo's old
:O Bimbo Baggins
more delicious sexy orlando bloom
/me coughs
yes he is Canadian_Brony
Frodo is adorable >w<
Everytime they say Bilbo, it reminds me of Spock.:D
I mean, really bucking old
manly hugs were shared today
BINGO
Canadian_Brony: BINGO was 3 weeks ago, Bilbo.
Did Frodo have a job, anyway?
enope
otakon: so you dont want me to be gentle?
pfft, job
Bronysith umm . . .
he lived off of the fortune from the lonely mountain adventure
DAT BUFFER
 <_< >_> * kisses Luna * YOU ALL SAW NADA!
"Elven ropes. We sell them all over Middle-Earth to all those suicidal guys who want to be sure."
So is Equestria somewhere around Rivendell?
not sure
Rex_Mundi: One can only hope......
god this buffer
I don't have a map of all mythical lands
Everyday ahm bufferin'
safe as a sixpack in a AA meeting
I'm kind of sad Luigi's Mansion 2 got delayed
Meanwhile: so...does that mean it's not just me?
that doesn't sound safe
otakon nnope
/me One Buffering to Rule Them All
SpadeMagnes[R]: don't be, that means it'll be better when it does come out
SpadeMagnes[R]: Those were beta ghosts right?
I have to leave everypony, maybe see you later!
Spectrum_Rush buffeRING
LoLz
Rex_Mundi: Bye!
seeya Rex_Mundi
whats happening
byw Rex_Mundi
otakon: Every now and then there're pockets of buffer, but it sounds like you've got it worse.
otakon: yeah, but if it gets delayed and the game sucks, the delay will not be helping the game out.
http://scranton.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw7692-1343905071857621.gif buffer disappoints the ponies
Hi mineroo. Fellowship of the Ring + Rifftrax
Take Duke Nukem forever for example
otakon: yes it does
Luigi's Mansion 2 was delayed? FFFFFFffff-
mineroo: Hello!
VenHur GODDAMIT
is this abriged?
Hello ^^
oh
hai mineroo
mineroo: Rifftrax
that's a game I'm looking forward to
SpadeMagnes[R]: perfect example. 12 years and it was everything that's wrong with modern gaming all wraped into one
mineroo: this is the theatrical version
Can't waitt until Pikmin 3 comes out.
*wait*
I agree
can't wait till doom 4 comes out
Sadly Pikmin 3 isnt a launch title
Fun fact: if you replace every instance of "elves", "elvish", and "elf" with Elvis it becomes funnier
Which is stupid
I want to play ZombiU
i have the game
the strength of mane failed
SpadeMagnes[R]: Couldn't agree more.
wait wait wait
No
:| Noo!
Pikmin 3 isn't a launch title?
And yet again, Elrond could've just shivved him and thrown him into the lava, ring and all.
I mean Pikmin 1 was a GC launch title
I remember NC doing a parody of this.
why didn't he JUST TAKE THE RING!
But nooooo.
Meanwhile: IKR?
otakon dumbass
Seriously, Elrond was a badass Elvis
he could have taken it and thrown it in himself
there, done deal
azul, wat r u doin? azul, STAHP
Mead for all
But we have to have plot!
wow lol to this
otakon: The power to resist the ring varies between each person.
SpadeMagnes[R]: well in the BOOKS that never happened
is it just me or does it keep jump cutting?
We cant have logic in things it would make it too easy!
030
AJIsAwesome: and yet Elrond didn't even TRY to take it, which means zero hold on him I think
whares pinkes forth wall
perhaps he couldn't bring it to himself to kill someone he fought alongside in a great war
mineroo: not on atm
man, I paid 200 rupees for that thing. broke just like that
:| You dun goofed, Boromir
Freefall29: lol
NO SHIT SHERLOCK
Staaaaaare.
otakon: True, but the ring corrupts everyone who touches it.
You need 100 smithing to repair that
Freefall29: :D
Canadian_Brony: let's see, fate of ALL the world for one more life OR the continuation of a great evil? ...I vote first.
SpadeMagnes[R]: bad reference is bad
:3 I know I do
I'm at least happy we get a new paper mario game this fall
finally
only took a dog's age
and he died
SpadeMagnes[R]: and its not gonna be like super paper mario, but its gonna be hard to be the 1000 year door
R.I.P. Old Yeller
SpadeMagnes[R]: True, but not to sound like a hardcore fanboy but I kind of miss the badges.
this part was in family guy
I like hard games
otakon think of the person closest to you. Would you ever bring the will power to kill them?
that background music
But 1000 year door wasnt that hard for me
sorry, I was trying to say beat.
spelling fail
I love Paper Mario: TTYD. The only game that I find better than the original.
AJIsAwesome: yeah, loved every minute of that game
the music is making me fall asleep
Paper mario 1 still has the biggest dick move ever
Thousand Year Door is awesme
SpadeMagnes[R] never played it. What was it?
if you fail one of the quizes in the final dungeon you can fight 3 anti guys at once
those 5 kisses
Canadian_Brony: one, Elrond and Isildur were comrades in arms; not lovers. Two, it it was over destroyin the greatest evil in the world FOREVER then I think I would.
The only part I founf hard about TTYD was the final boss. But that's because I got 3 Poison Mushrooms on the roulette and she killed me.:|
is there a spitfire here?
One anti guy is hard enough
That was NOT one of them
And then they...went they're seperates ways
*found*
Morrrdor
mineroo: I don't think so
mineroo: hello :3
the inory is that isn't this chat box for the movie:P
Morrowind
Mor*phlem*dor
Meme coming in any second now
Animorph11: welcome to brony state.
otakon the closest person to you doesn't have to be your lover.
thank you :)
girly-boy and violent keebler
Canadian_Brony: they were not that close
:D the violent Keebler
Violent Keebler
http://i.imgur.com/9GBgL.jpg
LOL
inb4 overused LoTR joke
Morrowind is best elder scroll game
And my AXE body spray!
and the violent kebler:D
Goddamn that line is just too good
Meanwhile: you were'nt even trying were you?
Animorph11: Welcome to the S.S Friendship!
otakon bah, whatever. We're kicking a dead horse. Pun intended.
"And the violent Keebler"
mineroo: were you looking for me? o ,o
meanwhile F YOU THAT IS CUTE!
hey guys is there any way to chatprivatl with one parson
Freefall29: It only makes sense if you're the person I made it for. And since you aren't, you won't get it.
mineroo: double-click their name in the list
mineroo yeah. You find their name in the list on the rght and double-click it
Thank you again :D
GNIGHT everypony
bye Bronysith
Bronysith: Night!
night
LOL
Goodnight Bronysith
g'night Bronysith
night Bronysith
Howard Johnson is right!
I must go now, my planet needs me
inb4 birth of a meme
/me blasts off
Ooh
Heartburn
say hi to luna for me bronysith
ONE DOZE NOT SIMPLY BREAK HE RING!
and that axe had 1 day left til retirement
DAMN the violent kebler got pwned
Forgottencrow: One does not simply MAKE "One does not simply" jokes.
one duzz not simply walk into mordor...
One does not simply quote a meme.
Shizuka: is this a riff of the extended or regular, i cant remeber what you had said
Spectrum_Rush: reg
A YEs hello oacon o hope you remember me :D
here it comes
Otacon*
HERE IT COMES
INCOMING
Forgottencrow: sorry I do not
there now have a pony in the name :P
13handy that, boromir, we attack mordor with ten thousand men in the last movie and it works!
srly <_<
TACTICAL MEME INCOMING
MEME INCOMING!!!!!!!! BUNKER DOWN!
guys, I'm past it. Refresh
most meme's just simply quote a movie or take an already overused meme and slightly tweak it to make a new meme. lather rinse repeat
Ash nazg durbatulk, ash nazg gimbatul, ash nazg thrakatulk agh burzum-ishi krimpatul.
Meanwhile: nice
what
EVERYONE GET TO YOUR BUNKERS!
never serve the bloody mary's before the meeting
BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BAH
holy shit lord of the rings oh weit its a pardogy D:
RABBLE RABBLE RABBLE!
aww..I cant find the Boromir bear gif :(
RABBLE RABBLE RABBLE
gonzal3: Rifftrax
F YOU OTACON YOU READ MY MIND Xd
Forgottencrow: lol
hi gonzal3. This is Rifftrax
"D
hello
gonzal3: /)
gonzal3: Hello!
(/
bronys ftw
yah chump
From now on you will remember me my fellow OTacon the great
dat LoTR theme
Take the bus Frodo. Rivendell to Mordor on only one change at Isengard.
and my Spectrum
BECAUSE GONZAL3 IS THE SEX GOD OF THE SEVEN SEAS AND i prove of bronys :D
AND I'M DRUNK
AND MY HAMMER!
MEME!
TROLOLOLO
And my ductape!
ava'yorn rinovup jivi whats svern... god I love dragon :)
poor Sam
at least he gets more respect in this than the Bakshi production
AND MY WINDEX
Ha gayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
don't bring the screw ups
pfft, intellegence
Forgottencrow: yes this does make me happy
And you have my rum...oh wait...
every day I'm buffern
Xd
:o
Intermission, what?
TIME TO STRETCH!
DA fuck
suddenly
they need the hobbits for good human sheilds
title drop and intermission?
:O 20 second intermission
Shizuka: can it be five minutes please?
why is the rum gone?!
ANYONE WANNA FUCK SOME FISH :d
...
cuz i am gonzl3
I confused somepony explain please
gonzal3: :S
Intermission during a movie, WHUT?
orange chicken so gooood
Freefall29: are you kidding? you need 2 for a proper one
Why was there a dildo on that cliff?
well he's gone already
Dat kick
?
sorry didt know D:
O_O
WF
??
what the hell
VenHur: It happened during the original movie airings
What is this? :o
otakon: yeah but I was thinking you hold the little guy like a sheild. hence the term human sheild. but in this case. a hobbit sheild
what is going on!!!! TT-TT
Streamer be trolling
yea!!!!
that bill nye
I bet youthis iS bi nye
?????
BILL BILL BILL BILL BILL
Brb, everypony. Going to get some food.
But this is better
Bill Nye!!
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
ohh yea
damn keyboard
well that was unexpected
brb
science rules
BILL BILL BILL BILL BILL BILL
LotR is less a film and more of a WHEN THE FUCK IS INTERMISSION?!
NNNNNNNNOOOOOO
YEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH
OH MY GOD YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
BILL BILL BILL
The lost scene from the movie
AWWW YEAAAH!
Execpt Shizuka's showing Bill Nye instead of Ponies like they did with the normal showings
WTF? what happend to LOTR?
I love you Shizuka <3
nostalgie moment
Spoiler! Acme only had one client - Wiley E. Coyote >_>
/me hasn't seen this since 6th grade science class
BEn ny ethe science guy
elementary school all over again
ive heard rumors bill nye is an a-hole
things... are made .. .of stuff
They are all marklar
my seicne teacher shows us this
very scientific there
13ponies are not enjoyable in overexposure
Indeed
13science however
Its the Eye of Sauron :O Oh thank G-D
internet fangasim everyone is do'n it
Science however, is rarely enjoyable atall.
no he's not made of stuff he['s wibble wobbly timy whimy stuff not just normal stuff
oh oh oh
we are talking about elements
science is better than math
O
13Meanwhile: except when delivered with a blue lab coat
Hey Everypony!:)
dammit
/me is back from searching for, IS THAT BILL NYE!!!
elements of harmony?
hi
hi DerpDash
ALL THE THINGS!
science is fun because with science you can make things go boom
wait a sec.....BILL NYE
and crash!
/me never seen Bill Nye, I BLAME MY CHILDHOOD FOR THIS TRAGEDY!
so stuff is made out of friendship and magic?
:)
The scientific cheese wheel.
I'm heading out to eat supper. BBL
...Is Bill Nye a medic?
IT BILL FUCKING NYE!!
:P He's cutting the cheese
Maybe if I had some nostalgia regarding this show I'd care about it, but I don't , and don't.
BANDSAW!
We must eat it scientific like
hipster safety glasses :o
mmmm Cheese
delicious cheese
lol
yeah yea yea
Cheese!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :O
CHEESE!!!!
Pyro effects make this better
to cut.. the cheese
THROW THE CHEESE!
Bill is cutting the cheese
Cut that cheese!
and half again
And again!
Sumica: oh god no
dat cheese
Sumica: oh god no
and again
;o
and half again
And again!
:o
oh shit
and half again
He's going microscopic - Science help us
IMPOSSIBRUU!
lol
where'd all the cheese go?
what in celestia's name is this black magic
You could breath in that cheese and never notice!
lulz
and yet ATOM SMASHERS
and Barnicles
I agree trollestia must have a part in this
/me remembers learning about atoms in school
O.o
11,01Except those orbitals are from an old, outdated theory.
PPGAO?
Screw science class, Bill Nye can teach science WIH STYLE!
:o
Shake weight?
*fanfare* :D
its... a vibrator
PPgaamof
Barbetos: it was a toy that moved on it's own
*with
Ryunosuke: no it's not :|
13Nittany_Discord: he brings back the electron cloud later
madness.this is.....BILL FUCKING NYE
otakon I owned on of them things actually lol
lol DoctorWhoovesV10
my balls vibrate and bounce too
o
Yo wassup mah peeps
wait
pyro <3
he just wanted to run
I'm board when will he exploded!
go go go!
hai HoodyNinja
RUN MEDIC RUN!
billy nye and pyro fit perfectly
Ponymorph: never
200 feet
And at the 400 meter sign bill gets back stabed
300 feet
you call your self a scout!
Darn spies.
IF I COULD RUN 500 MILES!
so many feet
Bye Nye is - the Running Science Guy
one word. run.
I wished we have shows like this on the Disney Channel, instead of those teenage sitcoms...
damn 500 METERS!
^^
ECHO
Disney is still good on cartoons
Coming to a theatre near you Fall 2013
Bill nye the running guy
Spaaaaaaaaaace
they should stick to that
Bill you need to get some more exercise.
HoodyNinja: yeah, phineas and ferb is actully enjoyable
soap box
/me remembers nerve highway :D
:o
11,01Electromagetic repulsion!
fail
Fan service.
:p
boing
what's the empty space made out of 0.o
death
lol
wat
hes....ona roll
I told my boss that I watched Bill Nye. She said "you mean that black guy from Bones?" I said, "No... not the black guy from Bones"
YESH
pick her nose
She will like it
flutter_spin: win
PINFACE
wait, what/
buffern buffern ya!
:o
B is for ballsa!.. Nevermind.
/me is not really paying attention
mole
Hi everypony :)
WE GET WORDS
lol
Are we learning the Alphabet of Science now? *squee*
I thought he was going to write molestia
HoodyNinja: you pay attention when bill nye speaks
:p
hello cachi01|phone
That word atom is also made of atoms.
oijhuoyftughhxikigyffgxg
Freefall29: I do? :P
M is for Mahogany
brain....hurt...
I like her.
Lol :D
mmmPie
delicous atoms
Pinkie Pie?
P is for Pie
hai cachi01
Sarah Silverman?
I want pie.
suddenly crazy chick
/me remembers those cheesy songs :P
Waaaater
G is for Giant
no! it h2o2
hello cachi01|phone
M is for Molestia
MICKEY
Pinkie Pie is made of atoms, and atoms are everywhere...
hiya cachi01|phone ...WHY ARE YOU ALWAYS ON PHONE? YOU NEVER WATCH STREAM!
Pinkie pie is everywhere!
micky?
Wait..... U r talking about science?...... Its bill nye the science guy right?
nice dodge
Nice Dodge!
Let's face it, on the one hand, Science, it's boring, and on the other, Science...with Bill Nye, GENIUS!
Hi, good evening everyone
otakon I BROKE.MAH LAPTOPS CHARGER
Fun fact: Pinkie Pie is not made of atms in ways ponies normally are
DAAAM
*pyro* WAETR WATER
hello tgapt
:P that combo breaker
cachi01|phone: GET ANOTHER FROM WALMART! get a usb ac adapter
pinkie pie is made up of molecules, not atoms. she's special.
hehe
Hydrogen Oxide is good
err
I see a hidden mcikey!
13not that hidden
HES PROMOTING MICKEY MOUSE,
C-C-C-Combo Breaker!
:D memories
13bill nye is a disney show
cachi01|phone: hell GO TO Radio Shack you can get one, just tkae the busted charger
pown
*mickey
FIND HIM
usb ac adapter? Didnt knew about them...... Are they expensive otakon?
uhh
Pinkie Pie has less atoms than a Gas
harhar
NO!!
negitve and afermotive and oxygon = h20
more disney pandering shit
bah
cachi01|phone: not really, 20 bucks atm
Hense why she can go through walls
failure
otakon damn
a pop bottle?
Pinkie Pie is a marvel of science
Barbetos: soda bottle
Can I use my liqour bottle instead?
that's some pop bottle
Just pee in it
otakon anyway i can watch strean from ps3
Its all thats empty
I thought she said pot
bill nye should do an offical experiment on pinkie pie
J-J-Juh-JUMBO POP!
hi mom guy is epic
Bear Grills would love this
But not right now cause my mom wont let god knows why
Face Time!
My mom would be "stop wasting water"
fail
flutter_spin: Ikr
Dihydrogen Monoxide tastes good
no!
now drink it
and then drink it!
And die
CHUG, CHUG CHUG
IT'S VODKA!
so why did they fill up a bottle of water then pour it out
ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
now poison your family :D
yup
Freefall29 for science?
Dat ninja
WHO WANTS BLUE KOOLAID
SHINY
Shiney O_O
I DO!
cha ching
RAWRity: I DO :)
I WANT EET!
I want a shiny pokemon...
lol
Aluminium
Copper is more expensive
Bill Nye the Drummer Guy
Champion_of_Harmony: I got a gold Gyrados :)
I'm still confused why the 3DS XL is cheaper at launch than the regular 3DS
..,,,,,,,,,tkiyyyhg,i,hgk,gktygfkgfkhkfggkttg,h
shutup!
bill stop having fun while doing science
otakon: I love saying it like that :D
bill nye the music guy
they come on months
I appologize
Huh.
I so hated that table
SpadeMagnes[R]: bc they dropped the price bc the 3DS was kind of bombing at first
That is missing atleast 100 elements.
The .ic Table
Had to memorize it and take a test
Uup...
ir iron
So, some guy got up in Bill Nye's face about not believing in evolution. Nye told the guy to scientifically fuck himself.
Krypton :P
You silly humans and your periodic tables.
"Why are we taking a test over the table? It's right there. We can google it if we forget."
I mean... er...
.ic should be an acceptable abreviasion :)
just came back from watching Brave, quite a nice movie
HOH
How you're doing?
flutter_spin there is no gold gyarados, only red
I'm back!
Well I hope my mom will buy me a XL to replace my 3ds, my 3ds seems poorly made I havent damaged it at all and one side is loose and there seems to be a long line on the top screen
Krypton, Bill Nye's sciencetific weakness.
:o
yeah bye everyone :( not that you care
Dat Compound
Nitro!
RAWRity: and first I pondered how one could do that, then I shuddered and decided to never think of that again
that boom
Oh hi demoman
hah!
lol
demopan?
so well timed
demopan.
TIMING!
11,01Also used to treat heart problems.
A pinch of wayward potasium!
Fallout!
Demoman is please
hiya Nittany_Discord and yes
Bill Nye taught me how to make dynamite :D
Champion_of_Harmony: New Vegas!
fail poker
Ok, so there is seriously no lvl 100 battle option in Black and White?
Hello everypony, i'm back!
Champion_of_Harmony there is no red gyarados, only Zuul
Dis card game
bar fight in a few minutes
otakon indeed!
SUGAR
ZUUL MUTHAFUCKA ZUUL
thats a lot of elements
I would be so lucky if I got traded a Keldeo
And asian girl with big titties
DYNOMITE!!!!
"I got the ELEMENTS OF HARMONY!"
HoodyNinja: some of the best kind :P
11,01Isn't C12 H22 O11 also sugar?
Nittany_Discord: Funfact, Lithium, commonly used in making Batteries, is also used to treat Bi-polar disorder.
13yes C10-H14-O is found in oil of spearmint
Oil of Spearmint
:o
11,01RAWRity: Fun stuff. I hate it.
Bar fight!
Dat bar fight
buck yea!
Yay old movie bar fight
13Nittany_Discord: i think it was specifically glucose?
say that 10 times fast
Warren Buck
He makes nukes also...
Hi. Whats this?
That guy got a Oil Credit Card too! ^^
Hello is this bill nye?
I am the chapion of the elements of harmony :3
does not give a FU-
11,01There are different sugar types.
dat mound
13yeah
Malk: eeyup
champion*
Malk: yeah
XylemTube: Bill Nye
Nittany_Discord but maids are fun! U cant hate maids D:
11,01Fructose, sucrose, and glucose.
Black 2 and White 2 better bring it back, because how can I hold an ultimate battle between my Black and White teams if they aren't even lvl 100?
glucose, fructos, sucrose
bill nye, the making science fun guy
I'm back! Is this Bill Nye?
Awsome i love bill nye
inb4 cheesy ass science rap
Yep. Bill Nye
I remeber watching this when I was a kid
13pretty sure C6H12O6 is glucose but never took a real chemistry course
QUARKS!
I hope B & W 2 fucking fixes the GTC
AjIsAwesome accualy is dolan
/me hops around the room
11,01Never said I hated maids cachi01|phone.
qurks, still looking for platinum laced gold
dat mound is a tardis. its bigger on the inside
otakon: Every episode theres a song of some kind
I never use it because of the bullshit trades
so, no hadron collider yet huh?
lol
cachi01|phone: I didn't know I was Dolan.:O
dat sound effect
otakon: not back then, no.
AjIsAwesome pls
SpadeMagnes[R], What's wrong with it? (I don't use it that much so Idk)
13LHC didn't come online til a few years ago
13this is like 1992
seriously, hadron collider is gonna KILL US ALL!
This is cool I hooked up my labtop to my tv and everything is so big
AMAZING
Marx: bullshit trades like (insert pokemon here) for a level 5 reshiram
WEIRD SCIENCE!
DESTROY US ALL! DESTROY US ALL! DESTROY US ALL!
otakon: http://hasthelargehadroncolliderdestroyedtheworldyet.com/
bill
bill!
particle accelerator, stuck by lighting, its almost like its *sunglasses* Out of this World?
Malk: do the comments look cooler on your tv?
otakon eenope, the GREAT hydron collider is gonna kill us all
pony, bill?
RAWRity: nope. :)
everything... is matter
lol
harhar
yup
SCIENCE
HUE HUE HUE HUE HUE
Energy isn't matter?
RAWrity NOPE XD
and you can't destroy Energy
11,01And they exchange.
fire energy
SpadeMagnes[R], I can sympathize with you there. There's probably some morons out there that want a lvl 100 Celebi for whatever the heck they want.
Or spit. Keep it to your self Bill
Freefall29 I forces me to read every comment
im surprised how ytp-ish the editing is
that hot dog
:[ Matter! Got it memorized?
:D
he just pulled out a torch
otakon: what about a black hole
cook the dog
Bill Nye The Original YTP Guy.
quick, name the four states of matter
black holes are matter
BRB shower
hotdog in space
I can turn a hotdog into energy
now im hungery
....sure...
Freefall29: it's energy, it's a force that pulls on everthing
I got the buns!
13the fire however was matter
Hey Cypresswolf heard anything about anymore events?
Matter can be transformed into energy
and a pony?
nmonmonmonmonm
so much mustard!
Shizuka: eeyup. plasma
that's very nice...
RAWrity banana, dog, matterious and delicious?
Shizuka: but it was heat, therefore energy right?
I can't see anything!
13it was producing heat
dat analogy
otakon: the heat was. The fire wasn't.
13but flames are carbon turned into a plasma
...
damn my lack of understanding
Malk: no, right now its just BFF, Ren Fest meetup, & Oni Con
random Pinkie Pie
momnonmonmonnomnmonomnmonommonmonmonmonomonmmonmonmomonmonomnomnmonomnmomonmonmonmonmonmomon
tasty....
11,01Or quarks.
fuck da crazy chick is back
in my ass
I still to this day think my 3ds was poorly made
otakon: you know how fire gives off heat, and thus you can feel heat witthout sticking your hand in fire?
Carbon freezes your smugglers
I have carbon?
RAWRity: yes
Barbetos: You shouldn't. It gets stuck in their hair.
Cypresswolf atleast ill get to go to the convention in galveston
cartman is in the air!
Barbetos: that's CarbonITE
I think I just released some carbon dioxide :p
SpadeMagnes[R], But yeah, I was about to have my Black and White teams fight each other in a lvl 100 battle, but I can't find the freaking option anywhere.
otakon: there ya go. the fire is matter giving off energy
one side is loose, the thing gets warm,
Im made of carbon
mfw ponies are silicon-based life
shit?
poop
Malk: were you here for Gigabit & Allegro's stream saturday night? They'll planning on coming to BFF
11,01Eww.
uh oh
be glad his shirt is reflecting blue, not red
otakon Oh. My mistake. XD
RAWRity: it's matter that turns into energy
oops
People order our patties
dat carbon
Eww...
Well this is a load of bull
/me gets in anti song bunker
i remember watching this and bill was dressed as a woman cooking something, when he showed the food, he had no mitts and he didnt even noticed :D
BULL!
llooooool
otakon: more or less, yes.
So
SONG
<3
Oh my god.
O_o
dat song
song
who orignally did this song?
cow:SHT THE FUCK UPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP
BRILLIANT
I now own a copy of Guild Wars 2.
Cypresswolf BFF?
I wonder what song this is a parody of
?
:O wow....that song remix ^_^
/me Sits in anti song bunker
Funfact; pour some powdered carbon on a fire sometime, it's awesome to look at.
Whats worse is the trade with anyone option isnt any better
13as horribly cheesy they always are
third eye blind
13they do well with cramming the lyrics in
I offer a legendary, they offer a common pokemon
lol Third Nye Blind
Shizuka: They really helped :)
3rd... nye... blind
Malk: Brony Fan Fair in Austin, Texas Sept 8-9
Not even a shiny, just a regular common one
nmnomnomnomnomnomnomnommonmomonmonmonmonmonmonmonomnmomonmonmonmonmo
nomnomnom
akward outro
is akward
need to buy that some time soon
SpadeMagnes[R]: I wanted a lvl 5 Abra and they wanted a lvl 100 Lugia in return.:|
DerpDash: Bill Nye is best outro guy
Cypresswolf oh too bad I cant go
a brony fan fair in texas, ghost would be pissed
11,01They never got into electron clouds.
I'd hang out with Bill & all the molecules :)
superretroworld: :D
good thing my birthday is close will have money
Rob .. WHAT
It looks good.
I may be able to get a 3ds xl but there is one issue
AJIsAwesome Its crazy what they want...
AJIsAwesome: then there's the folks who ask for Lvl 9 or under Reshiram
I have high hopes.
I'm back
wait, back the credits back.
Wow, outside of PBS's programing, science was also on the Disney Channel at the time...
RAWRity: IKR?
railings!
Pyro <3
My mom will think I can't take care of my 3ds because i just got it last december
i learned to dash my hopes when talking about video games
Man I wish I had a job
Reikim bought GW2?
me too bro
How dare these athiest turrist sympathizers teach our kids science!
I did indeed.
Today, actually.
If God wanted scienece, he would of made us know it!
Currently installing.
Want the general shape of your ear canal? just shove some gum into your ear!
woah
I would like some extra cash
SIM SIM SALA BIM!!
lol
Huzzah. You're US right?
there we o
and its back
go
13i missed the mark pretty bad X3
Heck if I know, but probably, yes.
Shizuka: not that bad
Why is the whiskey always gone? O_o *stands up* Oh...thats why
Sting!
hey, don't dis Sting
the whole movie is RUINED now!
Shizuka: It's okay...:)
He's gonna sing them to death
made with 300 smithing
13that's a pretty racist sword, doesn't glow for anyone but orcs
chocolate sword.....
/me Plays paperboy
Needs more enchantments
Shizuka: :D
GODDAMMIT Sumica BOT!
It claims to be copying installation data.
Me thrill?
yes. just yes
inb4 Scary Face
guess what, its made of dragonscales.
You know what would be sad?
Shizuka: And orc-related creatures
cachi01|phone: that grows into GYRADOS!!!!!!!!
It'll probably take a while to do that.
You catching a shiny gyrados that wasnt from the lake of rage
Aha
cachi01|phone: so raise Mr. Fish well
wtf
HOLY SHIT!!
dat face
I've killed many people]
People still think its worthless
if only it buffered
I'll probably have to run this overnight, hm?
lol dat face scared me bad
^
bad luck brian: Find shiny in Heartgold. Gyarados.
Dunno what your connection is like, but maybe.
SpadeMagnes[R]: IKR?
i gtg, bye everypony
otakon: that face haunted my dreams
Oh shi-
since i was 8
Well it's off disc, so connection shouldn't be an issue.
HoodyNinja: ouch
G'night every pony
Aha, it moved.
Great. Now I have to pull out my Game Boy and see what rare ones I have again. Brb.
dat disembadiou
poor disembodio
oh Disembodio
night Freefall29
Night Freefall
is there onother guy?
Freefall29: Night!
Ah you're on disc, that should be easier.
g'night Freefall29
night Freefall29
/me rides off into the sunset
AJIsAwesome: yeah
it should take less than an hour
Disembodio? Dafuq name
lol
I cant decide what kyruem fusion looks cooler
dat wow
WoW
diablo took 20 minutes for me
Bad Luck Brian: Trades Graveller for another Graveller to get Golem. Everstone.
lollololol
Lol
cachi01|phone: he's the disembodied voice that cues the Rifftrax
You know whats a dick move in pokemon?
haven't tuch that again lol
Worlds of warcraft
THE HILLS ARE ALIVE
Magneto
A girl npc trades you a haunter
0,5lol wuts dis lolol
Grumpy
the haunter has a everstone
13the guy from lost and that other guy
LadyCanary: WITH THE SOUNDS OF MURDER
bye freefall, /me hugs superretroworld, Canadian_Brony, and otakon
i may sell the account to a friend
<.<
History of violence guy.
History of Violence guy
Here comes the FUCK YEAH music!
lol
SpadeMagnes[R]: I hated that trade.:|
nom nom nom
hi BaconMane. Fellowship of the Ring with Rifftrx
HAY GUYS
*Rifftrax
The way she menteons the ever stone sounds like she's trolling you about it
hi Flootahshy
hai Flootahshy
How is everypony?
HI Flootahshy
hiya Flootahshy
DAFUQ HANG ON I NEED MAH PS3 TO WATCH STREAM
dem mines
BRB
Flootahshy: Hi!
Potatoes. Po. Ta. Toes.
Flootahshy: okay, still no job
RAWRity: too soon
You can browse the internet on a PS3?
great Flootahshy. and you?
RAWRity: wrong movie
SpadeMagnes[R]: Yep.
otakon: neve too soon for potatoes
lol
otakon: Sad to hear that. Hope you find one! :)
momonmnmonmnmonmonmonmonmo
Inb4 they take that road
thelonepony: Good.
I know that feel
EVIL DANDRUFF!
Dunland?
Meanwhile: Dunland
crab lice
dat rock formation
Who wants some crablice?
otakon: weird, cause i just got one
superretroworld: you lucky git
ME ME! Barbetos PICK ME!
their droppings can kill
Birdbirdsbirdsbirds
<_< >_>
killer droppings
/me explodes
legit
OH KNOW HE SAIDDOLAND DISKIN
i want some Brabrtos
no, I'm serious
You should try and get on the same server as kirz.
Midnight_Stormwing: dude I thought you burst into flame?
/me pieces Midnight_Stormwing back together
HoodyNinja don't look at me. I don't have any. Ask Gandalf.
there are birds with acidic shit
HE SAID DOLAN DIKCSIN
I presume you are also on this server?
ha
So I'm guessing Saruman is part Gwonam?
otakon: i can do both bro... i dont have just one schtick
So what happened to Bill the pony?
dat tumble
sure, AJIsAwesome
Canadian_Brony: no but Birdemic has Bird with acidic vomit
13Rex_Mundi: BILL BILL BILL BILL BILL?
otakon: i live in a small town so i was lucky, ibut if your live in a big city then youll have no problem at all
I'm on the EU servers but cross server parties are possible. :3
cowvarkian: It's a reference
Huzzah
I know
cowvarkian: Ok.
The one belt buckle to rule them all.
I like Boromir
Belt Buckle to rule them all.
Ash nazg durbatulk, ash nazg gimbatul, ash nazg thrakatulk agh burzum-ishi krimpatul.
superretroworld: small town here, and no car in the middle of the goddamn country
i honestly rarely ever talk in this chat anymore...
Brace Yourselves. Winter is Coming.
He certainly wont betray anyone
Midnight_Stormwing: Why not?
<_<
Now run along scant, to Mordor!
certainly
I like the artwork for this.
Midnight_Stormwing you should. We have some rather . . . interesting conversations
otakon: oh, sorry then :(
One cannot simply walk into mordor
/me walks into Mordor
Its like the movie Birds
This is a silly place.
The install screen is quite lovely on its own.
Meanwhile: One ring to rule. One ring to find them. One ring to track them down and in the darkness bind them. At least i think thats it
i dont know why they didnt just fly on the eagles to mordor
Flootahshy: cause... well... i kinda got bored of this chat... and i have poor multitasking skills at best
/me walks out of Mordor
Funfact: in a deleted scene from this, we see Boromir being instructed to steal the ring to save Gondor.
/me teleported into mordor
One does not simply rock into mordor
Because that would've been boring, Charlie_The_Bronco
13one ring to rule them all, one ring to find them, one ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them
Charlie_The_Bronco because that wouldn't make a good story.
*go east, toss Ring into Ocean*
One ring to rule them all, one ring to find them. One ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them.
Charlie_The_Bronco: arrows
In the land of Mordor, where the shadows lie.
thx Shizuka
Shizuka: so one ring for the bondage enthusaist.
13how much is GW2 dare i ask
TROLOLOLOLOLO
Shizuka: and he DARES to speak that foul tongue here
ABBALANCH
Very good Shizu.
arrows....
$60?
13RAWRity: eeyup
s...sixty + dollars...
/me ponders like reptie
One does not simply bring down a mountain.
I used to have a one ring
LOL
It's 59.99 without taxes taken into account.
Fus ro dah?
Charlie_The_Bronco: ppl can shoot arrows at the eagles
That places it between 60 and 70 dollars.
One does not simply say "One does not simply"
one does not simply one does not simply
Use the clear skies shout!
one does not simply count to potatoe
but no montly fee so it's worth it i guess
SpadeMagnes[R]: he's a wizard, not a Dovahkhin
One does not simply make fun of lord of the rings
okay, who played the Song of Storms?
Damn
otakon: dat ping
Canadian_Brony: you caught me
otakon: You mean Dragonborn?
dat snow
No monthly fee and actually being worth playing is something not many MMOs manage.
AJIsAwesome: yes Dovahkhin
NO SHIT
Okay, who scared Fluttershy?
otakon: also its Dovahkiin.
im a canadian brony as well....what does that make at this poin t? like 5 of us?
ONE MOVIE TO RULE THEM ALL, ONE MOVIE TO FIND THEM, ONE MOVIE TO BRING THEM ALL AND ONE MOVIE IN THE DARKNESS TO BIND THEM
Charlie_The_Bronco: maybe 7
Usually no correlation there, but it's a general occurence.
pure nuget indeed
"Up the mountain" which was obviously being hit with lightning
we can have a bronycon at a dennys in yahk
mmm nuget
/me hops around th room
Charlie_The_Bronco: well that's you, Canadian_Brony, Dermathil and I know not who els
Charlie_The_Bronco: Seems to be a minority in this chat
13and a few minutes later they're there, that was easy
in canada too, HoodyNinja
same on 4chan
otakon wha-oh.
Stunty Mcfuzzknuckles is best hobbit.
/me is now watching stream yay
Hey look, Bill the pony is back.
the movie wants to know, wahts pacing?
tons in the US though
ikr
cachi01|phone: then you arent on phone!
russia too
I actually like Waffle House.
me too
Just a passing cloud
Luna casts moonlight
their hash is awesome
More like an inconvenience
by that I mean weed
Lovely artwork, though. Have I mentioned that?
13i'm just a little black rain cloud~
Too bad we don't go there as much.
Once.
13hovering over the dwarven door~
HoodyNinja im chatting on my phone and watching stream in mah ps3!
Shizuka: ?
the door hates you.
/me would live in moria if given the chance
ok winnie the pooh
Yeah, im thinking about getting it. Got on WoW today and after seeing how much they nerfed stuff, sh-t hit the fan.
Get some TNT
cachi01|phone: Sweet
"We got a Gratis Pizza here! Only if you OPEN!"
Open Sesame!
0,5uknow what i hate
13mfw cowvarkian gets it but nopony else does :<
WoW has been making a steady decline, I belive.
Bill is best pony
*believe
"What is man's greatest creation?" "Ponies." *door opens*
cachi01|phone: arent you at vacation right now?
Gandalf kicks door - his foot is broken
I watched a lot of it when I was child thing
Shizuka: I found it out again
13hey merry quit pissing off the kraken
Cypresswolf: :D
0,5when i play mw3 and i get put into a match that has 2 seconds left, and im placed on the losing team so i automatically lose
Belgian Cheif
You have to type friend in local chat to get it to open.
*Hugs Shizuka for streaming*
and the donkey is immediatly eaten
Toughest Password, who is best pony
Back from mah shower :P
superretroworld lol nope i entered school 1 week ago
friend
SpadeMagnes[R]: Everypony.
I play a Shaman and they got rid of my healing spells and my totems.... soooo, im done with WoW
13"jackass"
oh
/me hugs Shizuka~
BaconMane: I hate when someone uses an OP shotgun and gets 34 and 6
chances are if you are loosing you are on my team
/me pokes Jmo
BaconMane I was going to say stupid people who refuse to act smart about their life
13elvish is a weird language
/me glomps Pearly
They...got rid of totems?
ikr
<------sux at all fps
its finnish
13rain rain~<#3
Well
Well that was easy
I want to learn elvish
sortof
RAIN!
/me glomps Jmo
Shizuka: Its based on Welsh
hiya Rain what's up?
13canary canary~<3
They got rid of most of them, and all totems last only for a short time
So they wrote the password on the door
Rex_Mundi: that too
/me hugs LadyCanary~
Ponies. *door opens*
hau Rain
/me 13grabs rain und canary for snuggle pile~
Shizu Shizu :3
Ponies47 did you get wet?
Oh look bones
Rex_Mundi: isn't Dwarven based on Hebrew?
hai*
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY
Elvis is an odd language
No more long term buffs, its like a 20 second need thing now
MALT BEER!
Allo Rain.
All mine
sounds good
finnish and welsh
:) Gimli had me at Malt Beer
lol wut
13and they call it a mine... a MINE... not even any CRAFT
This was before its time.
Malk: No I jsut sat in the shower with the water off. :P
Does this mean no malt beer? :(
Barbetos whatev
no malt beer
Cypresswolf: sadly
*just
Poor pippin
Cthulu
the hoof?
Who let Pearly out of the stable?
Oh wait that was frodo
I love calamari...
FISHNOROS!
Ponies47 Im glad I wouldnt want your nice looking hair to get wet
CRAP!
Tentacruel, when did you get here?
That just sounds weird.
Snake? Snake! SNAAAAAAAAKE!!!!!
Hah
lol
FOR PATRICK!
13RELEASE THE KRAKEN
ELEPHANT?
the Kraken!
00,03So I heard that TheLivingTombstone was here... I miss everything :(
Yogg Saron is that you?
holy crap that's a kraken
They're trying to "freshen up".
13IT'LL KILL IT AND WE CAN GET AWAY
I did..
"Remake their image".
/me releases the cracken
Why am I sure that somebody's made a to-scale replica of Moria in Minecraft?
TOMBSTONE WAS HERE?
Scoot-Scootaloo: you hear wrong.
Scoot-Scootaloo: fake..
13Scoot-Scootaloo: you heard wrong, it was a twit trolling
/me she jumps freely
Scoot-Scootaloo, I find that very hard to believe
hi Scoot-Scootaloo. cachi01|phone no
Scoot-Scootaloo: I don't think that was TheLivingTombstone.
"Grasp desperately at straws to avoid sinking further into decline and fuck up in the process".
Scoot-Scootaloo: it wasn't him, it was lowfn being funny
unfortunately
RAWRity: theres a to scale replica of middle earth in minecraft
The fuck Tombstone? Nah
im exagerating due to rage, but go see for yourself.
And suddenly Creepers
Hey Scoot-Scootaloo
bad pony *locks Pearly back in the Stable*6_9
My bad!
Sssssssssd
I'd rather not.
BOO
to scale?
Wait... so Dwarves where going out that door right next to that? This really is just like Dwarf Fortress.
M
Oh and hai Scoot-Scootaloo :#
too bad we cant tell if theres a famous preson on or not
/me trots around the room "if I am locked up I won't be able to give hugs"
:3*
what scale?
SHould have brought some torches
13according to a book dad checked out not long ago, the moria road is like 20 miles long
Hello Sccot-Scootaloo
00,03Little does he know, I double check!
13and very very deep
1:100?
Plus you only have 5 talent points now.... and you cant choose talents from others specs
RAWRity: so yes, there is a mine of moria in minecraft
00,03Anyway, evenin' y'all!
Shizuka: well it DOES run the length of the mountain range
to scale
superretroworld, actually they can use their Twitter account
Fine. *hugs pearly*
or Youtube
Scoot-Scootaloo: Hello!
Good evening Scoots.
I stopped playing WoW after I finished the Hour of Twilight raid.
But ive got to get to the gym, ill be back later :P
13it cuts through
hello Scoot-Scootaloo
superretroworld MrPoniator is here :)
or any blog like stuff to announce
its 1:3
hey Scoot-Scootaloo
13just one mountain
See ya.\
CrimsonPhoenix: good point
evening Scoot-Scootaloo
I never played WoW.
so it would take 3 months to wak from one end to ther other?
Must get chicken
the scale on the map is 1:3
Charlie_The_Bronco: over the top yes
The idea of a monthly fee was not compelling.
that's how SimGretina convince me
cachi01|phone: never heard of him
13someone stole gandalf's memory card
thats CRAZY!
I'm content to leave my rogue with his legendary daggers and his heroic DS gear transmogged into Naxx 25 stuff where he is.
I'm back and..........RIFFTRAX!
And a meme was born
Shizuka: :D
its sam
/me hugs Rex_Mundi
You just activated my trap card movie *creepy face*
#spike
WB Dark92Enigma. Eeyup
/me gives Rex_Mundi tea and cookies
Gandalf.exe has stopped working. Reboot?
Fun fact, his name is spelled Golum, not Golem
superretroworld he makes funny animations
Here it comes...........
oh
yeah, hes not a jewish stone creature
Gandalf, Y U NO KILL Gollumnow?
Whitney Houston
golem is sum kinda jewish thing...
*hugs perly and pats her on the head*
13protip
HoodyNinja ikr?
13it's "gollum"
*Gollum now*
so creepy
Played a lot, I see.
Oh shit I mispelled it
/me failed
hello amazing CGI creature
hello
AjIsAwesome i heard that Gabdalf.exe needs 40 gb ram and it takes 1.5 TB of your hard drive
13his CG is pretty bad this early
They can kill him now and get it over it.
Gandalf*
Best CGI in the world
IN THE WORLD
/me tSparx
#rainbowdash
*with*
*hugs Pearly and pats her on the head*
Shizuka still really good
13this bit of dialogue actually happens like five pages into the book
compred to crap I've seen
*compared
13(that's about as far as i got... LOTR is bloody DENSE)
I played for 5 years.
Shizuka: Yeah, back in Bagend
Canadian_Brony: *Looks at Birdemic*
Sounds like a marriage pep talk :P
Shizuka: I read them when I was 11
That's a lot.
I read the first two books, never finished the third, don't even remember a word of any of it
Shizuka: Bro, there wasn't even dialogue for like 30 pages. LOTR IS BLOOD DENSE
:D yay Rex_Mundi
Gandalf really has the creepy old man whistle going on
13they must not have invented paragraphs in tolkien's time
listen close
I have never read a single LoTR book.
I learned in The Burning Crusade, I refined through Wrath of the Lich King, and I ruled Cataclysm.
HoodyNinja i t
Shizuka: never try reading the Silmarillion. It makes LOTR look like See Spot Run
Could you use it as a paper weight?
When in doubt, Go Left
Shizuka: what are these paragraphs you speak of
13i think i checked out silmarillion once
cachi01|phone: a n
I own that
HoodyNinja i thought there were 6 books
Shizuka: ONCE
Shizuka: You should read the "council of Elrond" chapter...
13i promptly turned around and returned it
That sounds way more badass than it should.
0,5Behold, Doralius
cachi01|phone: 3 in the Lotr series
0,5THE MIGHTY ZEPHYRBLADE
ive only read the hobbit, great book
Ikr.
Shizuka: WHat's it about?
HoodyNinja fellowship of the ring part 1 and 2
Shizuka: that's because its fucking boring, but a good readd
13even atlas shrugged understood what paragraphs were
inb4 Disemaudio ruins an epic scene
and i turned left toward the mid east
The two towers part 1.and 2
So many pillars
Shizuka: its lore heavy
Shizuka wow
Seriously. Tolkein was a fucking genius at world building, but his writing style was fucking dry as the sahara.
And return of the king 1 and 2
13also yes, disembaudio syncs the "you shall not pass" line which totally blows the awesomeness of the scene
cachi01|phone: Thats the extended edition movies
Me: Aw yeah, LotR! Me a second later: Aw, more Rifftrax!
gee, great
MMMMUUUUUUFFFFFIIIIIINNNNNNNSSSSSSSSSS
Its a trap!
hello everypony! What're we watching? :)
diet sprite?
this will be . . . interesting?
Ugh
(it was a good Aw!)
Shizuka REALLY?
I actually like dry writing, so meh
13yeah
Chocolate: Hello! LoTR.
Chocolate: Rifftrax
Chocolate: rifftrx lotr
13sorry :/
NOOOOOOOOOO
Troll Rifftrax.
00,03Chocolate: The Hunchback of Notre Dam
HoodyNinja i know but in my school library there is a book which contains all books
Shizuka then i'll write it here to make it up for them
13thing is it's a good line to sync because everyone knows it's coming
Inb4 Cry
Is it just me, or is the music way, way louder than the dialogue?
Damn thats a thick book
cachi01|phone: Your school library is stoopid
HoodyNinja yes it is lol
I feel his pain unlike the animated version
SpadeMagnes[R]: My auto shop book is larger
inb4 Frodo dun goofed.
13tSparx: this sync has the riff in the left channel only, and quite a bit louder than the movie audio
HERE IT COMES
and the safety section is six pages long
And the book is never mentioned again
Ah kk
Well fuck
13stream is in mono mode to balance the panning, and i have volume leveling on to bring the movie up
oh boy
here it comes
I wonder if they ever watched "Silent Movie". That would be kinda impossible to sync.
INCOOOMIIIING
YA DUN BEEN SHRUNK!
How can you tell if a shadow moves in the dark, exactly?
goddammit
13so what pippin just did
So while I'm installing this game, care to give any pointers?
ikr Canadian_Brony
BUUFFEEE
13we call that a nat 1
R
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUU-
Meanwhile: Its darker than the other darkness
FOOL OF A TOOK
Shizuka: any way too shutup disemaudio for that one scene?
13nope
dat clanging
Darnit Pippin! You've doomed us all!
13mm
13wait
The funniest thing is that this scene is even more comical in the book xD
Dwarves have some talented stone masons.
dat grounding
13hm
13i *might*
dat insult
Pippin dun goofed
Barbetos: thats all they DO
13if you'll let me rewind a little?
sure
I don't mind
Shizuka: Sure.
GO FOR IT GIRL!
DJ P0N-3'S A COMIN!
13nope
Shizuka: eh, don't bother. It's a scene we've all seen plenty of times before.
RUN!!!!!
Hey Shizuka- Do you have an OC pony?
13yep won't do it
RAWRity: You, sir, are not a true nerd
You've awokened the cheerleaders - they've waited centuries to show off their pep
"You cannot pass. You cannot pass. ... You cannot pass!" -- what Gandalf says in the book
13mike does a scary good robin williams
Movement is important, the minimap has a zoom function, f is the interact key, story is personalised, and names can have spaces.
Cypresswolf: :D
Damn, i gotta go at 10:00, in 13 minutes
,
I would make a arrow joke but I wont
"They have a 4chan Troll!"
mork indeed
HoodyNinja: a true nerd means being mindlessly entertained by something I've seen plenty of times before for no other eason than that it's familir?
13Rex_Mundi: http://fav.me/d5bxohx
Give thought to your class choice.
13hm wait let me try something again
I've seen this scene a dozen times, heard the rifftrax 0 times.
SpadeMagnes[R] u were about to say an arrow to the knee.joke
13after the battle
"WE WANT TO TALK ABOUT JESUS!"
Shizuka did kirz draw that?
Shizuka: How very lovely.
13ja kirz did :)
BUT THE U TOOK AN ARROW TO THE KNEE
RAWRity: Okay, your not a BIG lotr fans, you just dont mess with that scene
Im sorry i've had this franchise in my childhood since i was 3
Shizuka remind me to give him praise next time I see him, k?
13RAWRity: yeah we all know what he says and how he says it, just a shame that dis syncs it
lol
Dat mike tyson
Woah
HoodyNinja: I'm a lotr fan, but going to unnecessary trouble for a few lines of dialogue we all know already seems pointless
ok that was pretty funny
13seems it converts to mono if i tell it to cut a channel
That mike tyson impression
lmao
Suggestions?
oh no!
13so can't remove riff
13sorry :/
lol
Aim for the kne- I mean throat!
Use the force Harry... ~Gandalf
Shizuka: is sad day
Throat is the new knee
Shizuka s'alright *sniff*
:o DIGIELF?!
Whatever feels best.
...
RAWRity: It does seem pointless, but that doesn't make it any more disgraceful
cachi01|phone whatabout the back of the head?
panning...shots
SHOUT TO THE ----WHAT?
BILL ENJOYS DIGIMON?!
13they have some good riffs on either side of the line though
Run orcs and Troll! Run! Run for your knees!
HoodyNinja: I'm a big LotR fan, I don't need to see the scene one more time.
MIKE TYSON LOL
Canadian_Brony thats the new crotch
Well, what classes are you and kirz? And anyone else on here who plays?
ah
SHOUT TO THE WHAT?
13StinkomanFan: you didn't see when i did titanic months ago, my first riff stream
Troll Troll
BState Regs questing party ought to be balanced.
GANDALF DIES STFU!
kirz is a ranger and I'm a warrior.
17346721476CHARLIE3278977763TANGO732VICTOR731171888732476789764376LOCK
-.^
Hey everypony! If you JUST got Mike Tyson, refresh.
you're behind by a minute
Shizuka: do you remember your first stream ever on hear?
i only played necromancer in the beta so i may play that when i buy the game
Shizuka: Could you stream it sometime, when you get the chance, please?:)
superretroworld what did she stream?
By the way i'm using an alternate name until the epic quote comes around
dat Agassi
Hobbit Kebab
welp
13my first stream was freespace 2 on my livestream being restreamed back in february
and skewered
/me loves Sam
cool
Aim fo the sigil!
I have to see that
INGESTION
Sam might just be my fav character
*for*
but feel free to choose it
Super Sam GO!
AIM TO THE BELLY!
i may do other chars anyway
i actually became a brony on february
ded
Sup Phase4
smack
Canadian_Brony: idk what you mean?
13to gauge your lag, the troll just hit the ground... now
nick nick nick
Hm
superretroworld: me too
:3 Merry & Pippin don't get angry, they get stabby
Well, that leaves five for me to look at.
Stab the colossus- I mean troll!
SMILE YOU SON OF A---
and he i turned into a brony in march 13
about 7-8 seconds
I'm only behind by a bit, not worth refreshing for
now for me
Shizuka: So about...15 seconds.
Like 4 sec
WHY DID I WROTE AND HE?
1310-20 seconds is normal
Hello Phase4
cachi01|phone: Who did?
goddamn I'm nearly 20 seconds behind
Dark92Enigma: what was your first ep you saw?
Hello Phase4
ohai
Mostly dead?
hey tSparx
13he's a transformer!
They need Miracle Max
Sup Malk!
Oh Phase4 joines? ello mate
superretroworld: May The Best Pet Win.
superretroworld I wanted to know what the first thing Shizu ever streamed was, but she said it already.
ethril
Thief, Guardian, Mesmer, Elementalist, Engineer.
HoodyNinja, G'day
Mythril
hi Phase4
Like a nice haggis.
LoTR theme FTW
^
lol Thriller
DAT HEROIC THEME
F*** YEAH! NOW I'M PUMPED UP!
The hack and slash Lotr games weren't half bad
Dark92Enigma: i love that ep, a friend in deed was mine, one of my favs
Hm, I'm looking at Thief or Engineer, because dual pistols.
tSparx you going to brony convention in austin?
Canadian_Brony: oh
I remember playing ALOT of them
AoE the trash mob!!
*though clenched teeth* FUCK YEAH!!
Cause this is THRILLER!
13they need a pyro
So much damage!
Spiders! An evil legion of spiders!
Malk: When is it?
HoodyNinja they were awesome.IMO
13ah
13here he comes
Shizuka: agreed
AJIsAwesome: SPIIIIIDERSSSS
Orcs are Goblins
Spider goblins
Alright, ah yeah!
And a medic with uber.
stupid, stupid, spider goblins
Lunch belch
tSparx Augest 8-9
Let's bail!
My only complaint
i hate goblins
INB4 TEXTWALL
ugh
Charlie_The_Bronco: most do
dat slow amber light
Spiderjacks
Orcs: ABANDON THREAD! It's the mod!
HoodyNinja if you r talking about the two towers and return of the king IMO they were awesome
MY TEXTWALL*
Malk So next year, near the end of summer? Man, I can't plan that far ahead :P
okay since the winner of my SMITE key STILLE hasnt used it im just going to do the competition again
Malk I'd love to though
I became a brony around my birthday last year ^^
How the hell are they NOT RUNNING?
Well, do you want stealthy play or mechanical mayhem?
tSparx this year
its a forgotten beast of the depths!
NO MATTER what that is, it CAN not be good!
GAME OVER MAN, GAME OVER
pony_4050: tension
Malk: We already did August 8-9
Hidden fun stuff?
welp, level 99 boss incoming
tSparx I mean september
for a level 5 party
Hidden butt fun
/me runs
13wait it's your tenth man for mann vs goblins! you need a pyro!
RUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hm
Hard choice there.
RUUUUUUUUN TO THE HILLS!
Shizuka: but he's ON FIRE!
otakon bronystate level cap is 255
dat pit
I wasnt one of those people that thought I would hate MLP, infact, I expected to like it.
Need a scout to pick up the money
Ahh, that makes more sense. But, sadly, no.
13dwarves need more railings
RUUUUUUN FOR YOUR LIIIIIIIIVES :O
Barbetos: dammit man do you know how long it would take to grind?
...
im an earth pony so im pretty useless
I became a brony around early April.
card tricks
a bridge too far
is this your card?
Anypony wanna panic with me?
otakon wats a game without a grind?
Moria probably had more railing kills than Bold Bigflank.
sure
Barbetos: I thought it was 9001 ._.
sure AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHh
Charlie_The_Bronco: Earth ponies aren't useless!
/me panics with Dark92Enigma
Barbetos: fun
AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
tSparx neither am I but a few others in this chatroom are
13snoipah!
Barbetos: street fighter
against goblins on fire we are
Charlie_The_Bronco: No, you're not. You instinctively know how to work the land and the earth surrounding you.
I discovered my bronyness 2 days after my bday
...
otakon hence no fun games are made today.
tSparx might be streamed
=D
nice shot
Earth ponies probobly get buffs, like resistance to ice and fire.
OK......INB4 TEXTWALL?
Then 2 days from that i watched the series
ARROW TO THE SKULL
Barbetos: not really, I find Skyrim/New Vegas fun and it has no grind
hmmmmm i guess we can build walls and giant weapons
You can probably look up the abilities on the wiki if you want to further research while it's installing.
otakon ah. that is waht it wants you to think.
Ohai Canadian_Brony
hi Ponies47
otakon: New Vegas is boss
I know when season 3 premieres: saturday, september 1st at 8 pm central
Eddmario: This better be true
13doubt it
13they'd advertise more
Here comes Tom...
Eddmario: haha nope
I've been waiting for this textwall
Eddmario: Or I will tear you a new asshole
Sprint! You jump 2 blocks farther!
A HELP sign?
We will kill Eddmario, if this is not true
wait, you can't sprint on stairs
13throw the ender pearl!
My acrobatics skill sucks though
pull off a HELP sign?
ROLL THE d20 FOR YOUR ALETHICsS ROLL
HoodyNinja show me how
dat hobit rascism
hehehehhe ...pterodactyl
U SHALL NOT JUMP
huggies!
HOKEY POKEY
Malk: I need a volunteer
F*** YEAH!!!!!!!!!
/me waits for everyone to get the joke
Eddmario: Please refrain from talking about Ssn 3. We don't want any false info getting out on accident, anythign spoiled, etc. etc.
you think Twilight would fall for an earth pony?
Why did they throw Frodo last?
but Shizuka they dont have feather falling IV boots D:
No, it is the newest Rammstein Gig!
Quick_Thinker dm says your gonna die roll a d6
ZUUL!!!!!!!!
OZZY OSBOURNE? AAAAAL ABOARD!!!!!!!!
i have only a D20 :l
ALL*
Spectrum_Rush does it matter? 1 heart is better than INSTANT DEATH
hot stuff
Charlie_The_Bronco: I think T-Sparx's pretty open-minded, could fall for anyone.
Spectrum_Rush: I only use normal FF boots
lol
ZUUL MUTHAFUCKA ZUUL
:D And not a single railing joke was given that day
small bridge is small
13inb4 dis
hmmmm mayhap her parents wouldnt approve of it though
tiny bridge
"You cannot pass."
Picnic hams
SMALL RAILINGS ARE SMALL
here it comes
"You cannot pass."
GUITAR SOLO ACTIVATE
WE MUST CONSTRUCT ADDITIONAL RAILINGS!
/me gets ready to rage
HERE WE GO!
You may pass quietly.
that dwead piwate woberts
I am the Dread Pirate RobertS!
INB4 TEXTWALL
13YOU SHALL NOT SYNC
"You cannot pass!"0
YOU SHALL NOT PASS
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT?!?
YOU SHALL NOT PASS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
/me THOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOU SHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALT NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT...........PASS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lol
YOU SHALL NOT PASS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
PASS
YOU
inb4 shining armor getting all alpha on any of TC's bfs
Ow
lol
YEEEES
YEEES
/me YOU. SHALL. NOT. HERE THIS LINE IN ALL ITS EPICNESS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
DAMMIT DISEMBODIO!
That really does ruin the awesomeness.
he was like "You. Shall not. Pass."
Like, badly.
I thought Shizuka was just trolling us ._.
dat whip
....
13it's a liiiiittle better for me since i'm still hearing it in stereo so dis was only in my left ear
Run fools!
Anyone who knows who Zalmoxis is gets all the hugs.
Now some one go and pull him up
13but the movie is still made quiet at that part
No?
WORST WIZARD EVER
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: JetBlue Asking Community for a Pony Name!
No help?
Man, The Hobbit... this year - I will nergasm to hard
That line makes me lo
what did he say?
amen
Some friends you are
Lol
what di he sya?
gandalf is useless
GANDAAAAAAAALF!!!!!!!!!! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :'(
Look in my hand - I have a flame sword - Now look at your team, now back to me, now back at your team, now Back To ME! The flame sword is now a fire whip
RUN FOOLS LOL
Quick_Thinker: Oh we gon hafta fight
Charlie_The_Bronco: Gandalf is useless?
harsh martyr that gets shiny here and there
LOL FUNNY BUFFER
just think Pippin killed gandalf
13gandalf had all the malt beer
13and ponies
super wizard that can do magic: fights with a stick
And with saddest scene in movie, I must now leave, gn bronystate
I focused on Gandalf instead of Disembodio.....................it helps to have headphones :'(
pip killed gandalf NO MORE NIGHTMARE NIGHT FOR THAT FILLY :[
can scare small hobbits: cant fight at all
Kill them all
Don't be a pussy Ned Stark!
Winter is coming
13on your feet sam, gandalf will respawn next round
asshole as no feels
... It got quiet
Goodnight
Canadian_Brony: Asshole wants everyone to survive.
13frodo laments how much we litter
g'night hood-
Shizuka: This scene everytime someone dies in Dota 2
night HoodyNinja
you made him cry
wat a tear, mark
Shizuka XD
Shizuka As in next movie
well g'night bronystate i have school tommorw so yeah :l
Gandalf was wearing an Angel Ring :)
Night Quick_Thinker
Quick_Thinker: Night!
g'night quick
Quick_Thinker: Pfh, be like me. Be jobless
im not sure why they took out the mouth of sauron in the cinema edit
I will never look at that scene the same way again Shizu.
Thanks
Night Qui--- oooh :(
Gandalf had a soul stone.
night Quick_thinker
13you're welcome :)
Good Night Quick_Thinker
DAT CHARMIN JOKE
elfwitch
gandalf = derp magic
I would like one
crap
13and the breath of a kraken
13hey it's lucius malfoy!
That hearing would work better if his helmet wasn't cursed with a deafening spell
Anyway going to bed here
that fat scottisho hoe did more dmg than gandalf ffs
In the book they're greeted as friends.
and I part with these words
dat slap
lol
Past Sins is overrated
Good night~
g'night CrimsonPhoenix
Night Crimson
night CrimsonPhoenix
Tinsle, fabric, and magc.
Lorien has the best tree houses
Cuase there is no such thing as a low 7 figure
CrimsonPhoenix: Night!
wha?
Galadriel :)
*Lothlorien
1 human mage, 1 Dwarf warior, 1 night elf hunter, 2 human wariors, 4 gnome. Low level loot fetch quest.
these elves talk funny
13i wouldn't put boromir in mage
You, Sean Bean, will die in this movie, as well
And then Boromir was sent to the moon
As it is your fate
13wait
Shizuka: Gandalf
Boromir's the Cannon fodder
Rex_Mundi: Aragorn's a ranger
13oh you meant gandalf
13deeeerp
He dual-classes warrior in Return of the King
"Let's get HAMMERED! This is a Jgermeister-Fountain!"
can ponies do jagerbombs?
13gandalf pretty much multiclasses everything by the end
i think they can
well gandalf could be 4th ed mage ;)
gandalf should have been in a nursing home by the end
Shizuka: boromir as barbarian?
Shizuka: and Sam doubles as a pack mule
Introducing Morgan Freeman: "Lemme tell you something. Hope is a dangerious thing!"
13ubiquitous bad guy
Charlie_The_Bronco: Gandalf is an ancient spirit who's existed since almost the beginning of the world.
boromir would be a fighter
either tank or dps
nursing home. rest my case
13Rex_Mundi: gandalf's busy looking at his items, uncrating a few boxes, he'll pick his class and get back next movie
What.
considering how many arrows Boromir can take, I'd say he makes a good Tank
Just read that post and...what.
broke back mount doom
Shizuka then they the devs found that gandalf cheated to get them stats, and banned bim by way of boat from Middle Earth.
Malk: LAWL
so are rocks, doesnt make them good sorcers
13gandalf gets VAC banned
Shizuka: Maybe hell try that "Melee hunter" thingy.
Shit, seeing Sean Bean reminds me that I have to wait almost a year still till the next season of Games Of Thrones! DAMMIT!"
lies you die b man
13frodo too for completely breaking the most powerful game artifact
"Here, take a sip from the Jgermeister-Fountain!"
Gandalf had like 1000 dollars worth the games too.
Gandalf is a mage, dual-classes warrior. Boromir's a tank warrior. Aragorn's a ranger, dual-classes dps warrior.
Shizuka: not to mention completely fucking up the final instance.
nnoooo....noooooo....a miser gandalf no home...nooooo
13totally crashed the mordor server
Gimli's a tank warrior, Legolas a ranger
Aragorn would be a rouge
Drink the sunny-d
nooo..noooo a miser gandalf he no home
Barbetos, it would also depend on the rules you are using :)
Rex_Mundi: rogue*
It is good sunny-d
Rex_Mundi: No, like, Aragorn *is* a ranger.
aragorn is ranger/fighter
boromir fail tank 2 stabs dies
13aragorn's ranks in tracking and such definitely put him into ranger
Rex_Mundi: When they first meet him, he's known as the most famous ranger in the lands surrounding the shire.
ihop he rolled critical fails
I know
13he puts a level or two in fighter before the end though
And then after the banning of Frodo and Gandalf, the guild Fellowship of the Rings was just not the same. With everyone assuming it was full of hackers, the prestige was never restored.
13a vision of lord of the rings as directed by michael bay
The one scene that's, imo, better than the book, right here.
"This is Wacken 2013!"
13frodo is that a ring in your chest or are you happy to see her?
most elves are either rangers or Fighters (Bow spec.)
or mages
Stirder the Ranger.
13they couldn't afford to animate her mouth this scene
Aragorn puts his skill points into Melee and unarmed, witch is redundent he should have put some points into guns. With his agility set to 9... wait... wrong game.
0,14dat starting
Ryunosuke im a half-elf spellsword
its fine women the fellows ok
0,14staring
Or rather, she's movign her mouth but you can't tell for all the vaseline smeared on the lense
DESTROY US ALL
"Instead of a dark lord you would have a queen!"
RARITY!
0,14Now I ain't saying she a gold digger
Don't give it to Rarity!
13YOU'RE GOING TO LOVE ME
Haha, that could be Rarity
It is known
"All shall love me and despair!"
0,14but she ain't messing with no broke Hobbits
I'll be in my bunk.
OH GOD
13and frodo's thinking yep that sounds good
hot
The_Browncoat: Oh, oh thanks for that, hahaha, I am laughing so hard
and frodo is scared to death
13he gave the ring to galadriel and the world blew up
13the end
Shizuka: and that he needs new pants.
Suck it up
Ring of power gives +1 Agility when equiped.
I need them guns
13vern troyer!
pony_4050: In Ponies: The Anthology, there's a short where they play the Galadriel dialogue to footage of her with wings at the race at Cloudsdale
ohai SaxyPretender
I prefer automatic guns
0,14oh hai
Hi Saxy.
we got alot of mods starting with the letter 'S'
0,14or rather
0,14URUK HAI
0,14:3
hai saxy
You mean that guy used to be a Keebler elf?
orks are kinda dicks
looks like an Avatar reject
13ARE YOU READY FOR SOME URUUUUUKS
Minnesota Uruk-hai
The Ainur are honestly the piece of Middle Earth lore I find most fascinating
0,14pfft, The New York Rangers are better
0,14:3
Minnesota, known for Vikings and Uruk-hai
/me chomps on SaxyPretender.
I taste manflesh.
13and mosquitoes
0,14;___:
:p
hey SaxyPretender
/me is chomped on
I love you guys... bronystate people *hugs all around*
Dat SaxyPretender :3
pfft, i prefer hockey
We got (S)hizuka, (S)axyPretender, (S)coot-Scootaloo, must I go on?
13order now from the skymall catalog
Rex_Mundi: We love you too!:)
VenHur: (s)aturn
/me hugs Rex_Mundi
lol
Rex_Mundi: Love <3 (and tolerance)
13compared to the other films, dis picks long lines to sync in this movie
http://derpibooru.org/18521?scope=scpe3125a2fdbbd5d9f1698be5f970a7a7aef2641afa
wait, if Sam is Huck Fin, does that make Aragorn Jim?
audio desync is best audio
So that's what the robot voice is
RAWRity: I think Boromir's Jim, only in LotR he gets lynched
/me hugs Rex_Mundi and everyone else whether they want it for not
thelonepony its a trap
I guess the S in the name of the mods must stand for "Special".
*Hugs AJIsAwesome and tSparx and Malk*
Eh don't know.
13we get it, they're rowing
thelonepony: SHUT UP AND TAKE MY HUGS!
and verily the Wall Eye jump into the boat
oh shut up with your acents
*accents
admiral ackbar know when shit is a trap
RAWRity Ooh, fair point.
Reikim that's a good pr they are playing
pr?
public relations
in other word trying to gain support for JetBlue
chat is ded today
These are on the cover of my copy of The Two Towers, so I used to think they were the two towers.
Makes sense.
I'm having a hard time imagining this redone in Legos...
0,14>Tenactin reference
0,14>no Madden imitation
So a superbrony64 when are you getting on your xbox?
Whether they're being cold, manipulative bastards or just having fun, they're still amusing.
why not both ?
never
BroHoof alot better than what I can drsw
Why not middle ground?
why not neither
13cross the lake at nightfall? they rowed that whole way in one day?
anyone use paintchat?
Shizuka: No no, like a week
im not talking to you barb
BroHoof: That's very good. Better than my artist skills.
An amoosement perk.
Ammeeeezment Park!
0,14Why not Zoidberg?
AJIsAwesome: hehe thank you
Malk: sometimes
Brohoof neat drawing :)
a tarp?
SaxyPretender http://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/2011/11/20/9d17ef60-eba9-440b-9b7f-c91200af493f.jpg
thelonepony: thank you :)
twilight_sprinkle I sometimes go in there but dont alot because no one else is there
meep
moop
13and yet
I have to go everyone, later guys
13i can't unsee martin
0,14touche
by Champ!
martin?
bai Champ
Champion_of_Harmony: Night!
Ohai Saxy.
Malk: its fun, altho im nota good drawer
this. is. spara.
Unrelated: I just installed, why must it download files ergh
hello everyone. Since when did LOTR need the Rifftrax to be good?
Spara < sparta
Dermathil: Hello!
patches ?
but spara is so much cooler
never, but it's always better with it
Dermathil Hi! Ikr
RUN!!!
This will take foreveeeer
Raep.....
those disk are probably their first realesed build and got sent to burn
It must download files because fixing things.
For Winterfell!
many patches could be out from that time to realease
Lovely
13schizophrenia
13it could happen to you
Curse all the things
And I just spent three days downloading Mass Effect.
0,14Me?
Curse all you halflings
00,03He turned into Reptile... HE'S BUCKING INVISIBLE!
13TO YOU
13AND YOU
curse all matter :P
13AND YOU
And you, and you and you and you and the rest of you.
Shizuka: not me.
13YOU'RE COOl
13AND YOU
0,14You get a car!
0,14And you get a car!
He put the ring on again?
LOL
Shizu it's happening to you, meds.
Curse you Zelda... curse you Sages.... Curse you LINK!
13pff meds
13we're fine
WHy did he put the ring on again?
do I get anything?
turn invisible :P
:P
AJIsAwesome: To get away from Boromir
dat voice
desertman2: Ok.
*hugs flutter_spin*
/me spins
hi flutter_spin
You know you can just cover up the ring, Frodo.
Only half an hour left thankfully.
He wouldn't be tempted by it.
But... he already has a ring
now kiss!
Man is easily corruptable
so bad-a
13man has no error correction
one man army
sounds like my sex life
lol
dORKS
no Aragorn is just THAT good
NERDS... NERDS!
Fortunately, Aragorn's not an ordinary man
Aragorn is like level 20
WHERE'S THE DETENATOR?
13PEWWWW
awesoem
Unicorn.. oh oh .. uniform
13oh different detonator
GET TO THE CHOPPER
lol
NOW
WHERE ARE THEY?
11,01Going to try and go to bed.
0,14later Nittany_Discord
G'night Nittany_Discord.
Later Nittany!
we got tators!
Night Nittany_Discord
bye Nittany_Discord
0,14run Charlie ruN!
Nittany_Discord: Night! Get some rest!
Sleep well.
Night nitt
Has there been any good LOTR MLP fanfics?
BUTT SELECT HELL YA
NOT FRED AND GEORGE! NOT AGAIN! :'(
11,01Meet with Voc Rehab tomorrow.
Rex_Mundi: HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Night Nittany
...why am I watching this? I need to sleep to be fully rested so I can work for 7 hours in a row at the grocery store.
Killing is good.
Rex_Mundi not sure, I never look
Nittany_Discord: Hope you feel better.:)
Canadian_brony I never look because Im afraid of what ill find
did you hurt them bad?
When my mom watched this, she asked "is that a train?"
13it's a midnight train to mordor
13woo woo
killings only good when its painful ;)
lol
13SNOIPAH
dat shot
I once found a fanfic about Lyra... it disturbed me. Thats my sole experiance reading fanfics...
13clearly the hobbits are medics and he's getting ubered
lol Rex_Mundi
Their on a midnight train going anywhere
and he's STILL FIGHTING
I starved them and made them sleep in their piss
Malk: They're*
A lot of fanfics disturb me. Very few I read and even fewer I like
13still has a hit point
What was it about Rex_Mundi?
My mom is, I guarantee you, the biggest LotR fan out of all of us here. It's awesome.
Rex_Mundi: What genre was it?
13get to it
and he is STILL FIGHTING!!!!!!!!
hmm. pretty good
0,14well, it's not an arrow to the knee
They also shared a room with a skunk
Shizuka: he's got 1 hp and Improved Heroic Will feat
goddammit
I was a adventure like you until I took a arrow in the heart
Last Stand engaged.
Saxy, you've unleashed the hive.
FREEDOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0,14:3
hiya Dermathil
ohey Otakon
what's up man?
StinkomanFan: It had a picture that was on EqD, and everybody thought it was cute, but I knew better...
0,14STILL NOT THE KNEE
First one was a bubble, second was Ardent Defender.
and finally -9 HP
ive done some work with jigsaw. he showed me a couple of his tricks
tSparx: First day the movie came out on dvd, she bought it and put it on my bed when i came home from school. She then asked 3 minutes later "can we watch it? I've been waiting all day."
fail hobbit charge
those hobbits are fast
Most fanfics are too much for my tastes. If I ever read any, it would probably not be about the Mane 6.
gnight everypony im gonna hit the hay
Gondork lol
night BroHoof
Where was Gondork when...
flutter_spin: Lol, that's awesome xD
13lucksman
only took em 3 arrows to realize he need shelp
0,5night BroHoof
flutter_spin have you read "Keeping Your Hooves on the Ground"? It's a really good one about what Fluttershy and Rainbow Dash do after they get their cutie marks. It's the firt fan-fic I read and it's really good.
BroHoof: Night!
g'night BroHoof
Night BroHoof /)
bye BroHoof
You really can take a lot of arrows before you die, and a lot more arrows before you die immediately.
Canadian_Brony: Does it involve any shipping?
Malk: (\ :3
13it'll hurt like almighty hell
Canadian_Brony: I think I've browsed a total of 10 fanfics.
13but yeah
AJIsAwesome oh god no.
I've got more people waiting to die :)
The real problem with arrows is that they will cripple you.
13aragorn's thinking heads heads heads heads
Canadian_Brony: Good. I might check it out.
Arrows are actually one of the worst implements of murder in the history of war.
i have read over 100 fanfics
:0
not the younglings
Meanwhile: they're not meant to murder though. Only to incapacitate from a distance.
glorious audio desync
Reikim: also, if they were planted in the ground they are more likely to cause infection.
make sure they suffer
Canadian_brony can you read every fanfic and show me the good ones?
Arrows are one of the most ineffective instruments of murder...but one of the greatest at maiming/crippling/hindering
Yup~
Ded....
I recall "Twilight needs a new quill" , "Pinkie watches paint dry" , and "Days of Wasp & Spider"
flutter_spin read the story and make it 11. Comedy, Slice of Life. Not too large, but still really good.
They're also really cheap, and easy to mass produce.
hey what is this wallet made of its really nice.....oh yeah....my younliiiinggss :'(
i have an idea
For Winterfell
death by bass ;)
And even those I vaguely read through
SLOW DEAD IS SLOW
Hmm?
Oh? Are we talking fanfiction again? White Box.
13luna in a special cameo as legolas
flutter_spin: Arw those normal fanfics?
White. Box. Best fanfic I have ever read.
define normal.
I've read "...and the Kitchen Sink" where Rainbow Dash falls in love with an actual Kitchen sink
tSparx and the crossbow is deadly when you have tons of farmers fighting for you
twilight gets a free salad
oh captain my captain
The guy who did "Days of Wasp & Spider" redid it like 50 times. It surprised me of the detail put into it.
AJIsAwesome the first and second are comedies, not sure about the third.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYGioWinQQE
something like that
RAWRity: See, this is why I don't read fanfic, right there
Technically, there is no "Best" when it comes to fanfics. Just really good.
"Twilight needs a new quill" is kind of the first one I actually wanted to read. Kind of weird.
RAWRity: It could even be good, Idc.
RAWRity: Have you read White Box yet?
"Pinkie watches paint dry" really freaked me out. A new take on such a simple matter. I kind of stopped reading after it.
going to bed
Who here read, and really liked, "Rainbow Factory"?
Night Derpy_Hooves
Has anyone huged RAWRity today?
Not discussing.
Someone needs to make a fanfic site with the good ones
13come on guys enough of the creepy fanfics
I'm asking because a sequel is being written
13movie time
We are not discussing that one.
Shizuka ok
night Derpy_Hooves
g'night Dermathil
/me hugs RAWRity
Night Derpy_Hooves.
DAMMIT
g'night Derpy_Hooves
Dermathil: Night!
uh?
But seriously, yeah, I don't read fanfics. I just write my own little fanfics and hope people read them.
Shizuka: to be fair "...and The Kitchen Sink" is actually kind of romantic.
flutter_spin: Read. White Box.
hey everypony cool rifftrax lotr
Still on about that stupid litter.
lol
0,14dat Magneto
hi Sketch_Toku_Brony. Eeyup
We should get back to the Rifftrax.:$
wait a sec . . . holy crap almost over already?
The movie trivia for the LOTR movies are so good.
What I never got, what does the Silmarills actually do, the Book never says.
i fucking hate that tune
and here comes the glass shard.
0,14Frodo needs some inspirational 80s music
Canadian_Brony: ALREADY? I got here at MORIA and I'm already amazed at how long this has been.
Rex_Mundi: Isn't there another book that tells that?
I remember someone saying, "You want featured? Write shipping, gore, or anything ponies don't usually do. You get the big crowd, but hate yourself in the morning for writing it"
13three hour movie
I hope Mike continues the let's play he started c:
tSparx I've been here the entire time.
flutter_spin: Featured on what?
13longer than return of the king i think, that's only like 2:45
Sam sinks like a stone
featured on Fimfiction :P
NOT SAM! I LIKED SAM!
he does that really good
what game?
StinkomanFan: Don't worry.
flutter_spin: Who cares about that? I don't need it. As long as I can get on EQD I'm proud.
Call apon the Sea ponies!
sam should have called upon the sea ponies
This part, I actually had to ask my brother "What, he can't swim?" and he explained to me about hobbits and water :P
http://youtu.be/BRkWLH1pJiQ
SHOO BE DOO Call apon the Seaponies
Wait, is there anyone here who's unfamiliar with this story?
http://sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/309123_10151265732200802_1839891125_n.jpg
Oh, I didn't know Hobbits couldn't swim.
flutter_spin: So true, it has a meaning that more attention makes you less the man you wanted to be, it's a path that must starts off small, or in a big way.
AJIsAwesome: They're like Gorons
How does one call apon the sea ponies when your drowning?
Watching it for the third time xD
AJIsAwesome: Mostly
Shizuka: not the extended cut. That's over 4 hours.
tSparx: :D
RAWRity holy crap that works
D'aaaaaaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwwwww <3
I like that ending
lol
Well that accomplished nothing.
AJIsAwesome: Frodo and his family (not the Baggins but the other ones, can't remember their name) are considered weird because they're big boaters.
AJIsAwesome: I didn't remember
tSparx: Ok.
0,5Press 5!
nice haha
What's that?
5
RAWRity: as good as that picture is, I can't help but remember the implications for the picture.
136
. . .
13damn
0,5Press 8!
13uh
Did Mike's sexy voice kill you? xD
8
132
stupid internet, missed the ending
13no wait
69
130
yeah
Resetting.
8
42
Press EVERYTHING!
13GAH
0,5Press 5 and then 8!
13i'm bad at this
58
5858
0,5It soundslike he's saying penis!
dat naked luna http://sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/304624_10151265078095802_401952496_n.jpg
99
Also antics in manechat, but really, manechat in general accomplishes nothing.
Can anyone explain the "Press X" meme to me?
Quicktime events?
RAWRity: I'm not sure if I want to click that...
RAWRity: I remember that pic
0,14dat uncomplete reprise ;____________________________;
It has something to do with Youtube videos
Indeed.
AJIsAwesome: you want to click that
Press Right to Win
AJIsAwesome: General criticism of quicktime events. You know, when the game yells "PRESS A!" or something.
I had to wait a second before clicking to make sure :P
I love his voice so much :) I love almost everything about him xD
Reikim: Ok.
PRESS X TO FRODO
Either way, I still think everyone should read White Box.
13press X to not fail
yeah, like "press f4 to make awesome stuff happen"
x
DONT
Ponies are always naked.
/me runs around like yelling "Frodo"
DO NOT D IT
FRODO
Canadian_Brony, you mean PRESS ALT-F4!
like yelling?
Hm
Learn what it means to write a good fanfic.
I need sleep I guess
I actually like quicktime events...:(
Learn what it means to write well in general.
Dermathil I almost did that actually.
dysentria?
i like sam frodos just a whiny bitch
:c
Barbetos: You should sleep.
Maybe I'd spend less time explaining to people what they're doing wrong.
Berry berry?
The end. Good night.
dat rickets
Sam is best pony/10
0,14...so, they went into the Mordegon Trail?
I expected him to do an ocarina of time let's play first but this is fine too xD
Dysentria was a lethal disease back in medieval times.
Thank you
AJIsAwesome like totally.
SaxyPretender: yes
otakon beri beri. Lack of vitamin C
Shizuka: thanks girlie!
D
d
Don't inspire the stupid. Never ends well.
otakon no, not c
It saddens me that so many people are missing fundamental building blocks of the English language, that's all.
Thank you Madame Shiz!
13oh wait i promised i would play slow mode
is it?
What we do know?
Shizuka: yay!
tell him to play lsd :P
Slow Mode of what?
Trying to explain grammar to someone who was never properly taught isn't a fun affair.
XD
Shizuka yay! Meet the Shizu in slo-mo!
Tell me about it.
Monkeys
Heh, of course P-Pie can just chill in the air
pfft, physics
ELECTRICITY? WHAT THAT?
I'm Pinkie Pie
"No, you've got it wrong, that's not the plural form. That's the possessive form." "What are those?"
0,14BILL NYE <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
Rule of chilling in air: don't look down
StinkomanFan Bill Nye
/me headdesks
whats happening no sound
tesla trooper!!
13whoops
?
Reikim the google docs one ? that use colors as you read ?
Shizuka no sound . . ?
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Yeah.
flutter_spin: There's a trick to flying: you must try to hit the ground, and miss.
It is amazing.
I love it beyond words.
already read it good stuff
tSparx nice.
inb4 Pyro is really creepy at the end...
My heart tries to break apart every time I read it.
tSparx I threw myself at the ground once.
I need to finish the last book in that series.
or find a hole that goes through the ground
13here we go
Back ,what have i missed? :P
O_o
Canadian_Brony: When I first read the book I was like 10. Immediately after that section, I went and tried it.
LOL
I wonder if the grey man would scare him...
13sounds awesome
tSparx :D
POTATO!
Shizuka: inb4 Pyro gives me nightmares.
I ranted about the poor state of the common man's understanding of the English language.
/me hugs tSparx
bronystate is one hell fo a drug.. o_0
*That is the worst damn puzzle in Portal 2*
alright, gnight. Really need to rest for work tomorrow.
I'd love to hear him scream :)
13really?
I also gushed a bit about White Box, which is simply my favourite fanfic ever.
Dermathil: Night!
13it's easy
Not much else.
/me glomps Pearly back
night Dermathil
13just doesn't require any portal dexterity at all
night Dermathil
I also need to learn my vegetables more.
lol tSparx. I can't remember the "worst" one, but there were a lot I hated.
I should really take potato off my highlight list...
lol
:P http://i.imgur.com/LV9HW.gif
The one where you had to shoot through the O in the board might have my worst one. I couldn't figure it out
lol
tSparx I did it yesterday by accident. I tripped on the stairs while going up. My father comes over and says "What did you do?" I said "I tried to throw myself at the ground and miss. I didn't miss."
Shizuka: It was the only one I spent a ton of time on. It didn't take me long to figure out, roughly, what I had to do, but it took me HOURS to finagle everything just right.
LOL IT HAPPENED TO ME
FUCK OFF GREY MAN
/me glomps tSparx
13i just love how long it lingers in slow mode
So engie and pyro are bronies?
wait for it . . .
XD
Anyone up for some advanced MvM?
dat stare
creepy
is creapy
That's okay, Shizuka. I didn't want to sleep tonight, anyways.....:(
and then the flourish
Engie and pyro are bronies?
poptarts = lightbulb?
genius!
Bill
flutter_spin IKR?
13i knew it!
0,14YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
that window
science rules
Bill nye!!!!
CUE THE SCHOOL HOUSE ROCK REFERENCE!
BILL BILL BILL
Shizuka I can see the chat.
I think SaxyPretender approves
We still see chat
Not sure why I get that feeling
BILL BILL BILL!
CHATCEPTION
BILL BILL BILL
Ein Moment fuer Shizuka, bitte.
here we go! This is more lke it
I see chat
Whats with the chatception?
no
lol
After this I'm going to go
mine isnt, but my comp is
my LCD monitor is, tho
13if you're watching the show, and the tv's not on
0,14...
0,14My God
:o
awkward
suddenly music again
monkeys
Oh look, I killed the chat again.
BILL BLEW MY FUCKING MIND
Shizuka I am watching this with out the tv being on..
What does it mean?
lol we need to do a joinme with mayo and while she playes lsd
Shizuka: :DYou're watching it from Bronystate.
I'm watching this show with my tv off :3 Thats how I roll
OMG SMALLER THAN ATOMS
nah i just found a nether fortress so i'm looking for blazes
fanfare
malk they're part of atoms
Science_Brony: Which, by definition, makes them smaller than atoms.
...Is it me, or does EVERYTHING comes from atoms? Well, ALMOST everything.
My brother got an old undercover police light in the garbage where he worked. He had fun with it ^^
Thats awesome Science_brony
YES
tSparx true
Water Pump of Science
100 mb and I'm at 1%.
VenHur: Nah, most stuff is energy, that's not from atoms.
du du du DUUH
Ten gigabytes of patches? I find that excessive, to say the least.
Well, all stuff is energy, but not most stuff is non-mass energy
playes
Amazing!
PLAYES
13http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m74vsdUZDf1qidaa4o1_1280.jpg
Muahaha! U knew if i waited out the "Firefox is not responding" it would return! :D
*I knew
Has Bill Nye been turned into a pony yet?
Micheal Jackson Jr.
Welcome to MMOs.
SPECIAL IS A COLOR!!!!
his cutie mark would be a testtube
Thank you, it's lovely to be there.
true dat
0,14pyro soundboard?
Medic!
here.
SCIENCE!!!1!!
Shoot.
Not a microscope?
:D
I suck at bumper cars
Seriously not trying not to sound tacist, but does anyone else detect an overabundance of black kids in this show?
PonyNye cutie mark would be a bow tie? is that taken yet?
How many hits does it take to destroy a bumber car?
I always end up going backwards
The world may never know :3
13NOW YOU KNOOOOW
:o
OMG GAWD MY MIND IS EXPLODING
0,14I MISSED THAT SEGMENT
0,14SO MUCH
HAhahhaa
TOASTY
Shizuka: AND KNOWING IS HALF THE BATTLE!
it was so catchy
Godzilla?
How old are you kid?
Godzilla has hair O_o
*racist*
Does anypony know WHY cold metal conducts electricity better and cold batteries hold loner charges?
I do
who flutter_spin?
:o
Science_Brony: Well, if you know, why did you ask?
lol, the kid that explained how things work
VenHur: GI JOOOOOOOOE
Science_Brony: Because hot things explode
SHINYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
BTW Shizuka xould you give us that pic of your OC again? i missed it (as in ''i was too late'')
this is interesting
OH SNAP!
Magnets. How do they work?
tSparx I wanna see if anypony here knows. That would give me a good reason to type a long explanation.
13http://fav.me/d5bxohx
Shizuka Please?
bill nye=pawn :D
Shizuka who's in the window?
13ahhh early electric cars
13vivi ofc
k
lol
0,14dat Swag
Good night everypony
13dat lithp
night Rex_Mundi
g'night Rex_Mundi
13tholar thells
Night kind of the world!
...why does he look familiar?
Rex_Mundi: Night!
night Rex_Mundi
Science_Brony: who are you really?
king*
Solar Cells are extremely innefficient
superretroworld Canadian_Bron
13and yet electric cars still can't approach the efficiency of gasoline
*Brony
In the afterlife, this is Albert Einstein's favorite show...
Science_Brony: thought so
13NOT THE BEES
Shizuka at the rate we're going with gas mileage, they never will.
well night everypony I need to go to school tomorrow
BEEEEEEEES
i really wanna c a tornado :P
Top Gear proved that
thelonepony: Night!
YEA
NOT THE BEEEEEEES!
night thelonepony
superretroworld I have 4 nicks I use here, but I only use 2 regularilly
I WANNA BE A TORNADO
wow..
I WANNA EARSTETH MIKE
Science_Brony: which ones?
Well, at some point, there won't *be* any gasoline left.Efficiency doesn't matter if you have a larger amount of the fuel and/or its emissions are less harmful.
I wish I could go on that show
I always wondered if they had to hold up cue cards for these kids
WILD
0,14WILD
PENISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Wild and Crazy Kids
A resistor can hold back to a certain amount of ohms and volts
13WI-I-I-I-I-I-I-*SMACK*-LD
lol?
WI-I-I-I-I-I-ILD
Mfw my chat derped 5 minutes ago =_=
superretroworld Lunar_Brony and Zombie_Brony.
0,14Under pressure
0,14pushing down on me
pressure = pain
0,14pushing down on you
MIGHT AS WELL JUMP
tSparx true and thats why Im glad my grandparents own a oil well
hey twilight_sprinkle
Danger! Danger! HIGH VOLTAGE
0,14something something
WI-I-I-I-I-I-*ERROR 404: SCIENCE NOT FOUND*
Science_Brony: really? i never knew you were lunar brony
pump the amps to 11!
hai Pearly!
/me pukes
OWO
wat?
13wat?
uhh
uuuugh. I hate those bicycles
Science_Brony: I was also unaware that you were lunar_brony
Wat?
in equations, amperes are represented as "I" because it amperes were originally measured as "intensity"
power exercising with Bill Nye!
13wat?
Reminded me of the guy who played World of Warcraft by riding one of those
wat?
Watts, that's wat *drums*
WHAT?
Feel the burn, Bill!!
SAY WAT?
Watts, that's what! *drums*
uhhhh
/me pukes again
PUSH YOURSELF! THAT'S WHAT I DID!
tSparx superretroworld I am. Originally as RP, I use it now because it's a cool nick.
0,14mmm, hot dogs
more hot dogs!
so I can eat a battery?
13so
0,14...does this mean batteries are also tasty?
13batteries have what plants crave
LOL
mmmmBatteries
Damnit Bill, you made me hungry!
ba dum tshh
I haven't seen it in so long
duh
Sorry everypony, I have to go to sleep. I've got classes in the morning. Good night!
BULL CRAP!
g'night AJIsAwesome
0,14mfw Idiocracy joke
night AJIsAwesome
Bye AJ.
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: PMV: Barbara Ann / Party with Pinkie - By MusicalPony / MLP: Fighting is Magic Fan-made Intro
Night AJIsAwesome
Wanna' see a hot dog work? Put it into the microwave for more than a couple minutes
so yeah, that hotdog was made from a dog
bye AJIsAwesome
Aww, poor doggy.
Night AJIsAwesome
feed it with dogs
ooooooo I'm interested.
/me hugs Science_Brony SuperBrony64 VenHur tSparx twilight_sprinkle Malk
getting shocked with 277 volts hurt :(
Night!
A hot dog with karashi (Is taking Japanese classes)
actually, those are energy cells. A battery is a combination of two or more energy cells.
/me BEST. HUG. EVER!
/me was hugged
probably?
Science_Brony: RP?
BZZT!
are you a creeper now or something?
superretroworld: Role-Playing
Brb shower
13wat?
oh
1.21 jigawatts?
:)
biggest fly trapper ever
0,14Watt is he talking about?
say watt?!
6.5 Million Giga-Wa-wa-wats
I c wut u dod thur saxy
Good Night AJIsAwesome .........oh he/she left
omg its bill nye!
Spit! I missed saying good night to AJIsAwesome@ Dang me and my long Skype calls >_<
Kids, he's a professional, don't cross the road like a drunked guy, thanks you for listening.
bigly?
*!
Maybeh
watt?
13well
13dam
so whats everyone doing aside from updating MMOs ?
I miss poptarts
Now I want to buy some
I need some dam food.
ITS NOT POP TARTS
6,949,000 GIGAWATTS?! ...Doc Brown, eat your heart out!
PLAY THE PAC-MANS
Watching Rah Xephon, being confused.
0,14writing a letter of recommendation
13kilo
1.21 Gigawatts!
13so
Science_Brony: nice princess
Poptarts always disapoint me
pfft
136.9 terawatts
she was drunk
Say watt?
What's cold and warm at the same time.........?................
13science
I knew I shouldn't have had that smirnoff
IT'S NOT POPTARTS
Listening to Maroon 5.
AC DC
What is hot, and what is cold?
Dark92Enigma: Someone freezing to death
i feel like i said be taking notes
AC/DC
Dark92Enigma: Katy Perry
should*
PC/Mac
doesn't work
my popcorn barely runs skyrim
CELESTIA
Only years?
dat spooky music
wat about marvel current?
I'm running a popcorn
Dark92Enigma: Yo maama
tSparx: Technically yes, but you didn't get the NC reference
And here I thought that Evangelion was hard to understand.
zap- lotsa bird meat
tSparx: my MAMA?
Too bad his penis is on my other computer :(
Dark92Enigma: Well no, I'm from Missouri, not North Carolina
I'm runs my computer with the energy from my blueberry Pop-Tart, it have only 1 gigawatt of energy, and i'm fine with that.
I never thought I'd see an emotional clusterfuck as bad as Eva, but then I watch Rah Xephon.
Dat Godzilla.
ehh not entirely prcise
old tvs.
tSparx: NC= Nostalgia Critic
Are You Afraid of the Dark?
was that a casset player i saw?
twilight_sprinkle, how are you?
those solar cells are extremely inneficient. It's better to use concave mirrors to boil water in pipes, and the resulting steam turns a generator.
Lol
13yep
lol
Dark92Enigma: Sorry, I got in a P_Pie jokie mood, but did not switch my handle :P
PONY MOVIE?
uhh
NOOO SPRINGS
wat?
"What A Wonderful World" spin-off?
13dat it's a wonderful life parody
tSparx: LAWL
sounds liek the disney commentater
Pearly: im ok, other than having to do 74 integral prblems <.< what about you?
NO SPRINGS
that's what I meant Shizu
Hello everyone!
13kid you don't even have a game in
this kid has an attidude
LOL
dat gameboy
that mobile car in the background
hi Big_Macintosh_1992
no game dipshit
ohholy fuck a gameboy
hot dog
I still have one of those
Dat Gameboy.
uh theres no game in it
hey Big_Macintosh_1992
You... He didn't even have a game in the thing!
No games in the Gameboy, DUH
tSparx: You could've used :P for sarcastic effect.........or was it this one <_<
dat "Noo-
harhar
"
Was my Cake-day today!
SAP AP YOU LIL HOODLIM
Kid!
HIT HIM
Just walk up to him!
Dark92Enigma: Yeah, I know, I only amuse myself. *shrug*
NO SPRINGS
Can't hear him? That's normal.
enope
well I am aweosme and perky as always...
/me hugs twilight_sprinkle
Get up and turn it on manually!
It's A Wonderful Life
the horror
THE HORROR!
/me nomz Pearly :3
lol
13STUPID EUROPEAN PLUGS
lol europe
This Ugly, yet Wonderful Life........
Oh Bill Nye, may he R.I.P. ;p
I wonder if he still has my boobs...
/me nuzzles twilight_sprinkle
mitamaking: he's not dead
13bill's still kicking :)
:)
Bill Nye isn't dead
I'll pay ALL MY MONEY just to watch the movie!
13he was celebrating when curiosity landed
/me nuzzles with Pearly as well :)
did you not see the ;p
reminds me of an old Travelocity commercial
ONG
uh oh
oh god
oh no
YOUR JOKE WAS BAD AND YOU SHOULD FEEL BAD'
There was a death rumor this weekend
NO
no no nono no
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
NO
...Wuh?
MTV?
I hope somebody explains the ground Prong
still better than beiber
Beakmen is better :p
Is this kid trying to sing country?
Is this country music?
YAAAAAAAAAAAY YOU TRIED TO BE FUNNY.........YOU GET A NULL VOID OF SILENCE?
my head
My mom took care of a kid and she would not stop singing this "Achy Breaky Heart"
So great :D
Science_Brony: Billy Ray Cyrus parody
...I...hate...Country Music...
Oh Celestia that was awful
13wat?
uh oh
they need to explain the ground prong so that less stupid people fry themselves
watt?
:D Oh gosh - Achy Breaky Heart :D - I must have heart that at least a thousand times in elementary school - My PE teachers played that darn tape during every game we played
Why is it only the psychologically unstable who ascend to godhood?
Cypresswolf: Same here actually, Warrinton Elementary?
only glen campbell i like thats country
*Warrington
tSparx yeah, it's country
mitamaking: Lamkin
Grey Day? What a name.
ok
Because we have the appropriate perspective?
keep pedaling children, or no food for you.
the light is on, tho
i love old country music
Goodnight 8)
rrroooffflll
BILL BILL BILL BILL BILL
dunno since power corrupts anyway anyone who ascend to godhood is probably mad
BRC isn't terrible, but there's only one country artist I enjoy, and I love him to death:
wooooooooooooooo
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
YEAH FOR THE FIREMAN
I prefer TheLivingTombstone, Glaze, Jackle App, etc~
Oh this is a good one
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I wonder how long that tape lasted after I moved on to Jr High :)
yay Spongebob
SWEET VICTORY
You haven't watched the right things to know what I'm talking about, Trix.
Shizuka awesome!
MY FAVORITE ONE!
lol]
Oh boy, the GOOD Spongebob!
dying animal
LAWL
00,03<_<
I mean full-blown ascenscion to another plane of existence.
You play this one like everytime Shiz
13HOW DO YOU KNOW
Shizuka: your soundclips are perfectly timed
HOW DO YOU KNOW?
more dying animal
It's not just gaining power, it's becoming a god.
lol
hiya Scootaway er bya
There's only THREE seasons...and a movie.
In a metaphysical sense.
pfft, Squillium
Squillam, his arch enemy from high school
lol VenHur , agreed
dat unibrow
0,14mfw there's something about the conquistadors on TV
0,14and it's about El Dorado
00,03>_>
mamamamama
THREE SEASONS AND A MOVIE
0,14and it starts in Ecuador
For some reason it entails loss of humanity and sanity, if any was there in the first place.
But get this. I had to explain to someone at McDonalds what Spongebob was
THE BABABABABABA
bububu . . . bububu . . . bububu-
flutter_spin: when?
NOW LISTEN
like 2 weeks ago? maybe. They had the Spongebob toys
It's probably just as incomprehendable trying to think as a mortal when you're a god as it is to do the reverse.
THE BABABA :D
shishishi shishishishi lol
Squidward has 4 left feet
Raelly, in this day and age
PAIN KILLERS
IBUPROFEN
IBUPROPHEN
ZAH BABUBA, ZA BUHBABA, ZU BABUHBA-
pun intened
banned humor
MARCH
*intended
This is what I mean.
Still.
twilight_sprinkle ROFL
WHY?
oh this episode lol
All the minor characters
Free refresements!
Clock. Is. TICKING!
This is one of my favorites btw.
Pun intended
It's always the whole psychological wreck schtick.
MORE BANNED HUMOUR
Because the psychologically unstable don't think like humans anyway?
blah blah blah
^^
BLAW BLAW BLAW
and then my internet died, AGAIN
Mm
No Muffin is NOT an instrument,Derpy sorry.
And then I said "Oatmeal, are you craz-oh"
lol
0,14...oh man, I'm moved to tears right now ;_________;
I blame Gainax, personally.
Want to know why it's one of my favorites...well, you'll find out at the end...
lol]
MUFFINS!
MUFFIN IS AN INSTRUMENT! QUESTIONS INVALID
LoL or MvM
SaxyPretender because ?
Dashie is best Pony
cruel joke
BA DUM TSS :D
XylemTube /)
Specifically, I blame Hideaki Anno.
NEVER?
So, can someone explain where the whole muffin thing came from?
crap, I'm on Science still
00,03War Pony is best Pony
Do Do Do Do
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Is there a space open on server?
Is Muffin an *shot*
Science_Brony (\
....
0,14they just showed a waterfall
...No.
/me blow blow blow blolw job
great drumming
Too bad
NOPE
0,14and it was just so gorgeous
lol
...Saxy, are you okay?
Chorus line
lol
Reikim i haven't started yet so i guess
gets me everytime
I'M GONNA KICK YOUR ASS!
Reikim: BUSTAH WOLF.
FALCON KICK!
Sorry.
0,14XD
/me AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
LOL
HA!
:D
I like sandy Cheeks shes from texas im from texas we are the same
Shizuka: sound clips. SO WELL TIMED
I still don't know what that's a reference from.
DAT PATRICK
Wa wah wa wah wa wah WWWWWWAAAAAAHHHHH
LOLWUT
:D
I heard a ping
Shizuka: good job on that timing
SPIN EM
Yeah, you really are out-doing yourself on the soundboard
otakon ping
otakon pong
dat spinnign
those flag twirlers *salutes*
Bye
R.I.P. Side characters............
/me stand at attention
00,03bye bye
It's HINDENBURG ALL OVER AGAIN
00,03*tilde
....
~
dat harmonica solo :D
Carpe Diem
This scene, I lol'd everytime.
CLOCK. IS. TICKING.
PPFPFPFPFFPPPFPTPFTPPTPF
HI GIRLZ!!!!
OK gotta go , they're gonna pull the plug on me
LOL
Fus Ro Dah!!
Logic.
dat horse power
literally
"Grab [the] day."
YEAAAAAAAAAAAH
WTF BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM
dat face
lol
Later Dark92Enigma
LMAO
So quiet
every time!
lol
Yaaaaaay
BIG MEATY HOOVES
SONIC- *that scene* ...BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMM!
dat racisim
Reikim Terry Bogard iirc i could be wrong
MEATY CLAWS
Who is Terry Bogard?
HOW DARE YOU
lol
Talking Cheese
In any minute, they're gonna pull the plug on me
talking cheese is best preacher
So much awesome in this ep
dem cymbals
0,14a character from the Fatal Fury and King of Fighter series
DONG
He's like a Ghostbuster for wolves.
Ah
dat kick
FALCON KICK
RAPE
LOL
lol
SAVED BY THE BELL
No, that would be WOLF BUSTAAAAAH
No, really?
CLASS DISMISSED
reminds me of my PE class
*Squidward's Suicide*
0,14in the last Fatal Fury game, he gets a move called the Buster Wolf
dat crying
No P-Pie crying here?
AND YOU CRUSHED IT
:'(
I'm not sure how that works.
Booo hooo Booo hooo
lol
Buster Wolf? What does that even mean?
THE TIMING
LAWL at AJ
WHAT KIND OF MONSTERS HAVE WE BECOME!
WAS PERFECT!
FUCK OFF SPIKE
0,14before he does the move, he goes "ARE YOU OKAY"
Already had one marching accident so I would believe him
yer welcome
!
Shizuka: GENIUS!
It means he'll bust you with wolves.
0,14and then calls out the move's name
lol
AND WE FAILED HIM
lol
Cupcakes!
Tanning pills
Some guy
Derpy!
Why would he ask that?
Whether that's like...a drug bust only you're keeping wolves or he'll bust you with the aid of wolves is unknown.
Yeah! for Derpy!
What does this move even entail?
Marching band
Dat logic
lol
FOR THE FIREMEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I have the stupidest smile on right noa
ALA SKIDLEDDOOO
I really want to see that Sailor Mouth with Derpy voice track in it again
For Derpy the Fire Mare!
Who cares.
BUSTAH WOLF.
DUN DUN DUUUUUUUUUN
dat laugh
I mean yeah, it sounds badass.
pretty much a punch in the face
But it means nothing.
AND THAT GUY IN AN EMBULANCE!!!
dat eager face :D
Reikim means nothing but it's your name.
:P
DUN DUN DUUUN!
Canadian_Brony: pinkie can cover that for you
I love how finally something goes right for Squidward here
Love this episode
Inb4 Shizuka Plays the full song
Eager face is best face
Love this bit
I dunno, I think it means something.
13oh sure spoil it
Maybe in Moonspeak.
I KNEW IT
...
/me slaps XylemTube
DEM UGLY FISHES
Hell if I know, I just pulled it out of a random name generator.
YAY IM IN THIS VIDEO
VenHur: she was his cousin, HAHAHA
lol toxic waste dump
tSparx: well, don't forget when he goes to Squidward Paradise
My favorite part of the episode comming in 3...
Huhu
0,14http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_J-rkVtgpp4
YouTube: Are you OK? BUSTAH WOLF By: peaarrow Views: 12594 Likes: 38 Dislikes: 2 - https://youtu.be/_J-rkVtgpp4
2...
1...
ah yeah
/me gets goosebumps
dat double audio
tSparx: yeah i was happy for him too
lol dat real track.
SONG
for a sec
You do this everytime Shiz :P
Its the thrill of of one more kill
*holds up lighter*
EPIC SONG
:o
/me sings
WILL
Reiki spiritual practice nothing about Reikim
/me lighter wave
Way of the wind
^
/me waves lighter
SCREMS
Oh that's why it sounds wrong, because it's right
SWEEET VICTORY, YEAUH!
SCREAM
/me IN THE SWEEEEEEEEEEEET SWEEEEEEEEEET VICTORYYYYYYYYYYYY Yeah!!!!!!!!!!!
YEAH
/me does victory jump
SWEEET, SWWEEET VICTORY!
anyway not enough people for MvM right now
dat visualizer
/me Does Victory Jump
now it's a slideshow!
R.I.P Squilliam.
dat drum beat lighting
0,14sadly in KOF13, Terry doesn't say ARE YOU OKAY
/me does victory jump
EPIC SILDESHOW IS EPIC
0,14he goes ROCK YOU, instead
In her sleep, impressive
YEAH
/me does victory jump
/me SWEEEEEEET SWEEEEEEEEEET VICTORY.........YEAH!!!!!!!!
/me remains sitting his lazy ass down in his chair.
Sweet Victory Yeah
you guys are so much behind
R.I.P. Squilliam
tSparx /)
Canadian_Brony: They're not at the victory jump, they're just doing it
13shred it mrs puff
Canadian_Brony: (\
Thank you
i have this aimp2 program which has one of the most amazing visualizers ive ever seen, its called the rabbits hole
/me SWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET SWEEEEEEEET SWEET VICTORY
/me YEAUH!
0,14http://youtu.be/Hg-0HffwCZ8?t=21s
YouTube: The King of Fighters XIII: Terry Bogard By: AtlusUSA Views: 134045 Likes: 382 Dislikes: 38
YEAH
/me Does Victory Jump one more time
best outro song
Im back :) aaaawww i missed spongebob :(
/me keeps his flank on his couch
/me SWEEEEEEEET SWEEEEEEEET VICTORY........YEAH!!!!!
Wb cachi01
cachi01|phone: Dude, you missed my favorite episode, one of them though.
Minecraft?
thanks Shizuka good stream, also good fade out
nice transition Shizuka
WB cachi01|phone
Thx for yet another fantastic stream, Shiz!
So I guess this is the end
VenHur its also my fave ep lol
And the exented SWEEEEEET SWEEEEEEET SWET VICTORY YEAUH!
OK gotta go........bye everypony........and thank you Shizuka (hugs you)
Malk: The end.
Either way
Thx for stream shizu :)
bye Shizuka
I think we all know what the most epic move in all fighting games is.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CamPXxfl7Lw&feature=related
YouTube: Legendary Za Warudo Road Roller combo By: Puosur Views: 146530 Likes: 619 Dislikes: 9 - https://youtu.be/CamPXxfl7Lw
Cya Dark92Enigma
tSparx too bad such a wonderful stream
Bye Dark92Enigma2!
Twas a good stream!
Malk: All good things...
/me cries from seeing a perfect stream
Malk: And she'll be back :D
Also was the the Stanly Parable i saw?
Thanks for the stream Shizuka, here, have a muffin. *gives*
0,14pfft
0,14still no match FOR BUSTAH WOLF
whos up[ next
ZA WARUDO.
Gives Shizuka brohoof and whispers Thank you
Shizuka are you working on a new reel? Because i can see by the title that this is a demo a VERY well made demo
ORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORAORA.
dat channel switch
That looked an awefull lot like The Stanley Parable
I remember that stream.
well, I just had an awkward conversation with my mother. She asked my what I was watching. I said to her "An epic outro"
Please, Saxt.
*Saxy
WRYYYYYYYYYY
and she left without saying anymore
Well I will see you later Shizu
http://what-if.xkcd.com/9/
Title on what-if.xkcd.com: Soul Mates
Thank you Shizuka for the always awesome stream.
Good night Shizu, thanks for the stream:)
Canadian_Brony awesome
And while we're still on the topic
yeah thank you for the stream shizuka that was great
Peace out Shizuka.
I'm off to bed. It's weird; last week, I'd go to bed at like 06:00 (GMT-5), but now it's 23:30.
Sweet Victroy's a sweet way to go out
I spelled it right
Night everyone!
the final words on the Mac vs. PC debate.
Goodnight All! I'm calling it a night
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KLiyglcRcCA
YouTube: Touhou Video #6: Get A Mac By: rozenmystica Views: 676065 Likes: 5675 Dislikes: 207 - https://youtu.be/KLiyglcRcCA
Canadian_Brony should have told her how to join a cult
g'night tSparx
thanks Shizuka, you pick out good shows
Night Cypresswolf :)
night tSparx
G'night Cypresswolf.
i like the bill nye
Night tSparx
13http://youtu.be/kc1SH5hWMLE and http://youtu.be/mH5rA4yh0BE for your encore pleasure
Group Skype calls are fun. You end up talking for hours! :D
mac, pc, they both run linux
Night Cy....
hello
So, ponies were mentioned last night on Conan when Andrew WK was on...
Night ts.....
Either way, the final word is WRYYYYYYYYYYY
Hey daspinkie
hi daspinkie
I guess noponys streaming
00,03Ponies47: Only fun when the people you're talking to aren't a bunch of floozies... :|
hey Scoot-Scootaloo or Shizuka are we still doing the lotto?
/me hugs Scoot-Scootaloo
Ponies47 you in a skype call?
Scoot-Scootaloo you mean like 7 of your cousins?
wait. . . what the buck are floozies?
00,03Nah, they're cool, just... other floozies
Scoot-Scootaloo: There not. We're just talking about random stuff :P
13we're waiting on something before we can actually send survey
00,03^
ahh kk
13unfortunately we can't make it go faster >>
making sure I was still... on the list and all :p
Malk: Yeah. THat's the reason why I haven't pretty much said anything for about the last hour. I'm still in the call :P
13and then new comments on my youtube
ohai everypony :)
Shizuka: Your welcome! ^^
you have a youtube acct? :)
Ponies47 I thought you where in the shower
13ja.. linked the videos after i stopped stream
0,14also, I remained president of my fighting game club!
heck, osx is unix based, might as well be linux, and windows has colinux (port of the linux kernel to windows)
Malk: I was. I came back said Iw as back and then went back to my Skype call
0,14as did my vice president I have a crush on!
0,14as did my secretary who's a cool bro!
okay guys I'm out for now
Ponies47 ok
take care, bbl
Shizuka: thanks again, stay awesome
Bye otakon!
dat Ponies47 :3
0,14and the best part
shizukka check ur IM please i have a questoion
Okay
0,14I didn't have to rig elections!
13you mean tron 2.0?
hai kirzstryfe
good evening everypony :)
Scoot-Scootaloo oh, nevermind. Talking to your cousins on Skype isn't as fun as IRL, cuz then you can gang-up on one, wrap him in a blanket, stuff him in a box, wrap that in a blanket, turn it upside-down, and watch him try to get out. Somehow it's always me.
hey
Hey kirzstryfe!
Allo kirz.
Eddmario if u see Andrew wk in something It means epicness
hi kirzstryfe
00,03...yes... exactly Canadian_Brony
Hi Krizstryfe
just got home from work >.<
I've caught up to you, you keep sneaking in levels while I'm not looking.
Hi kirz :)
/me glumps the crap out of kirzstryfe
lol
Brohoof everypony /)
ello kirzstryfe
Scoot-Scootaloo we're a very close family filled with teenagers.
(\
How was work anyway?
hey kirzstryfe
not sure which server I want to end up on, or if anyone's decided on one everyone can agree on
(\
kirzstryfe I saw your finished drawing of "Shizuka's Bakery". Dayum, that is good!
I think US is a good idea.
:)
hey shizuka bill nye is way better then spongebob
Also kirz I got GW2!
long, 8 3/4 hours training, 5 days/week for the next 11 weeks
^^
You're the only other person whose playing I'm aware of.
:)
It is updating!
Moopy NO
NO
eeyup
13http://fav.me/d5bxohx kirzplug
I'm on Stormbluff Isle I think, let me check
Rei is still loading and T doesn't mention it.
eenope
that one!
eeyup
Right now I'm looking at something like 5 GB of patches! It is ridiculous!
And it only released under a week ago!
Argharghargh
does GW2 have a demo?
Pfft. 5GB of patches.
Shizuka do you make blue berry muffins?
yeah, I'm just glad I had most of it downloaded already from the betas
no demo yet
13nope
no stream . . . epic MV http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qVCFV7jT9ho
I actually got it on disc, k?
And yet
Can you imagine if you tried to load WoW, from scratch, right now?
HOURS OF UPDATING
silly Shizuka <3
haven't buy it yet but will do in a close future
Moopy: I like Spongebob :<
*PMV
13also
Spongebob is kewl :3
oh
13those of you with l4d1
Loading WoW from scratch, right now, would involve me sticking a knife into my hypothalamus.
Meanwhile, i installed wow from scratch about 4 or 5 years ago
13http://www.ihatemountains.com/download-left-4-dead-1/ DO IT NOW
I've reloaded WoW once, took the better part of a day
buy it or bought not sure ...
Kuddle buns
Meanwhile, it was 12GB then
4 or 5 years ago. Pfft. You'd be running TBC.
Dat map.
I still remember playing it x_x
2 expansions later.
i cant remember dates
Shizuka: I would, but I have the console verison of the game, and it's back home with my brother in Illinois
think it was 4 or 5
13it's like above valve quality
I shoudl add more games to my Steam when I get my new computer. Which should be Friday! :D
Wow its from the creators of portal prelude
hey you ponies want to hear something great well watch this click the link here
*should
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7zEmtB2giU&feature=player_detailpage
Must be good
Good golly, I can't imagine that the game will be able to top itself after this!
Dem farts
I mean, who could possibly hope to outdo this loading sequence?
Shizuka: Wasn't Cold Stream, the newest L4D2 DLC, originally a mod for the PC version?
And dat kik
Even IF the artwork is gorgeous!
Look at him, all bright eyed and shiny.
sorry guys cheese
hehe
haven't seen the boxed version load screens
What was the link? I'm not clicking it with how my computer is -_-
Oh it's gorgeoous.
Ponies47 SFM farting
I can't imagine his first five minutes...
So, I see the next A movie is based on a newspaper comic strip
I'm guessing it's the same style as the intro videos though
"Look at all the buttons!"
I want to find the artist who created this, shiv him, and then absorb his soul.
well i told you guys its funny untill i got kicked
SfM ponies on a fart compertition
Oh there were no buttons.
cachi01|phone: =_(\ Wow
There was, however, a COLOURED BAR.
And it was all white but then it became less white and more red.
yeah, Stormbluff Isle, was one of the only US servers that wasn't capped on the first day
And then it was full!
And then I LOGGED IN!
Not much can feel more awkward than your mother walking in while singing along to a song.
runs medium pop I think, which is good
It was exciting.
And my chat is derping
im sorry i will never do that link ever again
so Meanwhile, swap to my server :3
You're on US, my connection'd be fudge.
Fun fact: wow backwards is platypusdinosaurwordijustinventedandnomayonnaiseaintaninstrument
Alright Every pony. This is all I have to say right now: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lsMaBta4SxI
flutter_spin with what?
i've seen gw2 screenshots
yeah >.<
(for tonight)
they know how to art
So what, should we fiind a halfways server?
13a poorly captured video of a television?
13i see
Like one in New Zealand?
I got clocked in the face by spiders earlier because of a bit of lag delay, I can't imagine what that'd be like.
Yes, good God the GW2 staff know how to art.
Professionaaaal.
Btw guys what do you think of the square enix in-browser game feature?
:( I couldn't find a good clip
flutter_spin done with what?
that they do
I'm done watching stream :P
. . .
Half the development cycle must have been dumped into solely art.
they've had 6 years to work on it though, so it'd had better have been good
as in, it just stopped?
Ponies47 y new name?
>__>
They probably chained brilliant minds to desks and commanded them to churn out beauty by the bucket.
Fine. I instantly thought of it when the stream ended, but couldn't find a clip of it
Only the extremes of hunger and fatigue could create this.
oh
okay
mmm watchaaa saaay
So when I finally DID find a reference to it... the gag was already gone
gotta remember that
Starvation is the key to TRUE ART
darn
cachi01|phone: dat imogen
bipedal fish things
Eeyup lol
can regen health like crazy if you don't finish them off
imogen heap: hide and seek
have a Hoedown http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jlB1CLbEewU&NR=1&feature=endscreen
hide and seek is best kiling song
Killing*
come on dude im trying to make everypony happy about the link i sent i mean come on the kicking........really
"Your mother is a drunk"
topic of the hoedown
Pfft.
they probably just took their time
thought about it
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cIIwwCi2zwk check this one out (its long, but funny)
and built it as they go
I went through them like a weedwhacker.
Mmmmmmmm http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MLyzscHXtWM&feature=youtube_gdata_player
unlike something like swtor which was $200,000,000 spent on overpaid contractors
flutter_spin not available for phones
yeah, but if you let one live thinking it'll die from dots or something, they can surprise you
EA doesnt know how to art
So as it is, I think I /can/ move to the server in question, but I dunno if it'd take a while or if it'd be screwy when I did.
cachi01|phone: that's old
I remember that from years ago
i want to try gw2 :(
Dear sister is an old meme...
Its a meme right
flutter_spin you have one bucked up textbook
Right?
Canadian_Brony: lol
Why do I keep losing coneection to the server!?! :[
*connection
Shell out 67 USD and you, too, can experience the joy of patching.
The server doesn't like you. o.o
flutter_spin I can't stop laughing! This is great!
Weeeird phone is weird
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZO7tseyAMF0 another one
lol
I have a pet shark :3
Writes Ponies47 and i get Penis47 in the suggestions
that was not funny at all dude
I can stomp so hard things near me go flying.
bye everyone
If you really want to have fun, though, try League of Legends.
/me Slaps cachi01|phone "Shuda up"
Later Big_Macintosh_1992
bye bye everypony have to go to work
The ULTIMATE patching experience, and it's ABSOLUTELY FREE.
Huehuehue.
Ponies let me send u pic
Its not a joke
flutter_spin do you have to do the problems IRL, or are you doing it for LoLz?
seeya Big_Macintosh_1992
Later Maid_RainBow ;)
Needs more sweedish redneck techno: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4gFyKFEsCeo
cachi01|phone: Don't you dare -_-
Reikim, plus you get to run around saying you play 'LoL'
Canadian_Brony: lol. They aren't mine, if you are implying that.
The best part of it?
ah
ok
gw2 even comes with a platforming minigame :3
nvmd
They release a new patch practically every other week, if not more!
So you can have fun OVER AND OVER AGAIN!
makes you wonder, tho
The last time I platformed on here, I got hit in the foot by a trebuchet and flew forty feet to my death.
Ouch.
yeah definitely
Okay, think I'm done being bitterly sarcastic, anyone up for an MvM game.
?
No Artie did it. The same guy who did EXTREME <insert here> : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrSwaA-FAj4
so much tinfoil
Accept the file ponies47!
(may want to turn it down a little)
/me looks at Moopy
Well folks, gtg for the night...
seeya VenHur
Night VenHur :)
umm.....ok
so much yelling
Team BStateRegs is best bot-bashing team.
ugh. rap.
I have to stay ahead of Meanwhile on the levelling curve >.>
^
Can't you...can't you both take a break? Mebbe?
So I don't fall even more behind?
Night Ve.....awwww :<
I'm still twelve hours away from actually playing.
Told u it wasnt a joke
But I just moved server, I have to see if I can flatten kirzs head with my shield.
Naw. Artie just has a lot of "we are a bunch of guys coming up with crazy stuff to do on our spare time" type of guys
/me sighs
Fiiiiiiine
I'd much rather see it myself but fiiiiiine
you know, stuff patches faster if you're not downloading other stuff :P
'M not!
13uh huh
13we all know your pony addiction
No
No that is not a thing
Don't judge me!
Moopy fine then, dont say hi :(
Ded chat is ded
what im just playing left 4 dead 2 with my friend on the xbox
/me quickly hides his ponies
he dead
Dead
that friend is me :D
lol
Artie does a ton of impersonations. My personal favorite is from Uncle Buck: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3k4O_id93o0 Yes, that's his voice.
That weird moment when you realize ezio VA is the same as sonic
Ezio?
that's not what ponies are for...
Auditore
really? who plays them?
Ponies47: What the buck? I'm on my computer and I see no p***s47 here :|
oh oh Assassins Creed
I'm bad with personal names
That's just sick -_-
What are they for, then?
Roger Crai
G
I cannot think of any concievable use for ponies other than watching them out of amusement.
Ponies47 ikr
Ponies47: is there an impersonater?
I really dont see me buying a laptop since all I'm gonna do with it is play WoW and other shit and watch streams and youtube
I'm just going through this out there. Not sure if anyone will have fun with it. http://www.incredibox.com
I suppose, were they larger, one might ride them as a form of transport.
Incredibox?
its a sound mixer type of application
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=02dX6VexfcA&list=PL297445C6A3381D39&index=55&feature=plpp_video
Thx.for the eargasm spade
...
superretroworld: I think cachi's phone is messing with him
I didn't think it was too loud
Why can't I play Half-Life 2?
eargasm is a good thing
weird
Is when your ears have an orgasm!
13http://youtu.be/Nq1nC4RVF28
flutter_spin: This is strangely addicting :)
yes it is Petrified_Discord
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25m3wuYo994 Oh hey new rubberfruit video
It is also v2. Much better than v1, but the other has different sound effects
volibear so awesome
anyway is there enough people for MvM ?
LOL Shizuka
What, he's the giant armoured polar bear isn't he?
Well, there's me.
Yo kirz, you paying attention?
Reikim yes he is
Meanwhile seems to be occupied, so that eliminates the only other potential player I can think of.
I'm trying to figure out if I'm actually on the server or not.
Shizu want to play MvM ?
My UI says yes, kirz says no.
13hm
13not sure
dat random vid...
cachi01|phone: like music?
I guess I can wrap up this story quest and come play.
Ugh. My computer is glitching up agian. When it masks me afor somthing a white box appears problem is the box is just blank and I can't do anything about it :|
Okay, so pin Shizu as a "maybe".
Yep i like music
Same with Meanwhile.
kirzstryfe leave guild wars and come to play MvM
/me throws a tumble weed
sorry. Still having fun with Incredibox
You could probably go into manechat and make Phase fail another will save, if he's there.
Ponies47 kick it and if that doesnt work use duct tape
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3XeLmQBDeM&feature=BFa&list=PL297445C6A3381D39
I dunno, for whatever reason I can't see.
cachi01|phone: no i mean is eargasm liek listening to good music?
cachi01|phone: Duct tapes solves all problems! :D
http://www.jeffpalm.com/fox/fox.jpg
Have some Party Quirks http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N2oqBO1K4pU&feature=relmfu
let me know when stuff's ready and I'll swap over
superretroworld eeyup
HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY SEXY FIIILLYYY http://derpy.me/bbzss
erm wut
cachi01|phone: oh, then i get thoe all the time :D
So that's, what, me, Trix, Meanwhile, kirz, and yeah.
those*
Im afraid to click that gangnam style link
I can get another friend to scoot over, makes five.
no sound
http://www.collegehumor.com/article/5975407/5-browsers-and-the-modes-of-transportation-they-resemble
don't worry
Oh, and Shizu possibly, that would make six.
its only a gif
kirzstryfe then don't get mad if someone steal your spot :p
man this place is quiet as a crypt
what is a gif exactly?
Nobody's going to steal it.
sorry rainbowdash90 my time limit from my step dads computer dude sorry
Dat sexy pinkie
You wouldn't download a police officer!
Pinkie dancing like gandam
flutter_spin :D IE is a dead horse
What ever that is
Reikim inb4 someone joins
Bah
Canadian_Brony: Yet my school insists on using it ._.
Even if they do it'll leave a spot open.
IE is Chrome's bitch
Now let's see if I can actually, yknow, get Steam to start TF2.
IE is the best browser for downloading another browser.
the only use for IE is to download a new browser
^^
^
Never use IE and is good in the same sentence
what should our guild name be? (hint: not Bronystate)
My mom invited some people over and I asked them about their browser. They said Firefox. I suggested Google Chrome and he said, "I don't use anything by google. They monitor what you type"
It should be
Um
unless its IE is good for getting a new browser
Shoot I'm bad at this.
To say IE is good is a prequalification for mental insanity
I am dead serious. So they don't use google mail, google search, google maps, google....
So that guy is paranoid?
flutter_spin: Well, yeah. Google collects everything they damn well can about you, and that's what makes them so good.
flutter_spin XDDDDDDDDD
Does this guy wear tinfoil?
the League of justice!
wait i heard that before
Anything I come up with will either be satirical or an anime reference, just because I suck ass at naming.
His excuse was something about searching for a school and suddenly his inbox was full of ads. He came to that conclusion.
the pony's face is all...wat
Dat filly pony ponies
tempted to go with one of the old guild names I've had, either Bastion or Cupcake Kitten Brigade
PONYCEPTION?
He doesn't use Bing either.
nvm i'm going blind ;_;
13guild name?
yeah
13guild of ponies
Make it
Celes_Chere: That's my OC as a wittle colt. :3
Cupcake Kitten Brigade sounds cool
The Technicolour Pony Brigade.
That, or the Steel Rangers because reference.
13flaming fist
13because baldurs gate
Ponies47: I thougt you had used the : | face but you didn't. Hence the blindness...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?NR=1&feature=endscreen&v=jh2qIkqx-0A
Ponies47 ur oc looks like bronydanceparty OC
Oh, we're going to be like that then.
anyone wana play tf2?
um
Shoot
0,14The Buster WOlves
I'm all out of reference NO SAXY
Never end a guild name with the letter s.
Celes_Chere: The colt faces that pony maker has SUCK. That's really a Celestia face. Fine by me :P
Cool league of ponies kirzstryfe
Busted Wolves
I CANT PLAY TF2 :[
Nah, I gotta get some UNIX learning done.
cachi01|phone: But I liek my OC :<
*like
0,14the Kewl Kids Club?
inb4 no one gets it
*Klub
Ponies47: Apparently she's working on a better version for the iPhone
-.-
Celes_Chere: O.O
The overall cool guys guild?
Okay, looking up references. Again.
League of Extraordinary Gentlefolk.
Celes_Chere: YA- Oh wait I don't have a Iphone. :/
yep no one got it or most are just ignoring it
http://www.fimfiction.net/story/24300/Drocsid my fanfic plug
I'd suggest the Gurren Brigade but fuck no.
Oh
:p
Order of the Unrustled Jimmies
Name us NERV. Or SEELE. Because Evangelion.
I find that the best guild names are fairly short.
http://generalzoi.tumblr.com/post/28132018204/pony-creator-update
Fight Club?
13Equine Victory Alliance
I haven't even started my fan-fic
ScootaChicken would aproove
going with an iconic name sets bad standards for the guild, I've found
Aha Shizu, I see what you did there.
Indeed.
/me is uber procrastinating on his fanfic.
heh. I've been working on my fanfic ever since Season 2 ended
my third one, that is
13Equine Victory Alliance
I think I'm up to about 70,000 words total
I shoot for 1,000 words a day (roughly)
/me is procrastinating on 4 fanfics...at once
Gondor Guild
/me Has never wrote a fanfic
All in favour of the Equine Victory Alliance, hit Meanwhile with a brick.
You're better off with something that sounds good, doesn't have any particular links to irl things and isn't too lengthy.
but then nobody would ever be able to find us
/me has never uploaded a fanfic.
Celes_Chere: tsk tsk tsk
/me was planning on doing a fanfic
/me is not pressuring Ponies47 : >_>
Yeah, that's what I thought.
/me is too lazy
Will anihilated leagues leaders eternaly
id love to write a fanfic, just need to think of a story
/me wonders about all of the actions
Wall-e for short
of course, I have to find the damn guild registrar again first
I'm still planning my fic
I don't know how to start it off
Damn we suck at naming things.
i,can give you my story if you want superretworld
Canadian_Brony: Start at the middle, maybe?
My writing keeps improving. Yes, I've included the mods here in my story, especially S-U-M-.. well you know
I have no idea what to make a fanfic about. Plus story making ain't worth a (squee) :/
I hit a wall in my fan fic.... (damn filler chapter)
Reikim told you someone will join
Well, what do we want the guild to say?
That would be because I have Malk as a friend.
>iPhone
>Flash
Sorry, what?
Hm
What do we want the guild to say?
Iphone has flash?
Equine Victory Alliance [PONY]
Hah, no.
?
Reikim i have it to i think that's why i told you
:3
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SH72I1NmxWg
Ponies47: I think it comes down to what you want to do as a "hobby" Some do artwork, others do plushies. Custom blind bags...
They shun the idea.
Are we going for something relevant to the game, or something for the site, or the show, or what?
kirz has implied that it's not related to the site.
If we put up a pony name, we'll be flooded with membership requests.
would like to have [PONY] as the tag, but free from the site so not to discourage people from joining
heh Barbetos
13kirz only still has hop here because inertia is a property of matter
BILL NYE THE SCIENCE GUY sorry
Me? I like to write. I did fanfics for WoW, LotR, Star Wars...
umm........guys whos Tom?
Celes_Chere that ain't my style. I'm trying to get main ideas down in my head before I start typing, then I fill it in as I go along.
Tom is our little bot that tells how much longer for the next episode
So are we making the guild public? I assumed we'd just be using it as a sort of chat related affair.
you can also do the little code....
!cd who are you?
Next episode air time is unknown.
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
flutter_spin: Well I'm not much of a artist. I just do it when I'm bored I mean look my DA only ahs 4 postings :/
That was my assumption as well.
Thats tom
I've seen him actually talk once.
same
*has
i'd still vote for Cool league of ponies
he has white text in a grey box
Same here Ponies47
just for the joke
Tomtom, who is tom?
The joke only you get.
reason to have it semi-public would be to get bonuses faster
Canadian_Brony holy shit really?
Meanwhile probably
eeyup
yeah whos Tom?
Yeah, it's not a good joke if you're the only one laughing at it.
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
Ponies47: Sad to say, my family dislikes me being a brony. They don't do anything about it, just perhaps an evil look and maybe a word in here and there
but review apps in some fashion, or keep herd-minds as a base rank to keep them under control
^ same here
My cousin and work kind of like it, seeing I wrote a fanfic
oh sorry tom didn't know you spoke
Hm
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
soo everyone got EVA but no one got that one
Well, what's the purpose of the guild?
So, it'll be semi-public.
13oh now i see it
:kickbot give me icecream
kirz has implied that there are bonuses involved.
not sure. He has a bot running, but it's only under his name cuz bots need a user. What he actually does . . . IDk. ask a mod
theres no stream?
Oh right it's an abbreviation of clop.
/me Is sad
Also Shizu made an unconscious reference, haha.
time for a bronystate intermission time that my favorit
Oh wait
No
What happens Eulshy?
flutter_spin: WELL TO BAD! You like what you like if they can't handle it to bad! My mom likes me watching the show my dad is just meh and doesn't give a flying feather
13need a k...
I see it now
Dammit
flutter_spin: Did you show them the charity work we do? Or do they find the idea of liking My Little Pony creepy?
Fffff
I actually... enjoy it. My brother has been EXTREMELY busy with the house and family. My friends all got married, had kids, moved away. I work part-time min wage and have loads of free time.
Party Quirks? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcSiCsapb3Q&feature=endscreen&NR=1
dat kick
Keeeeku.
we need 3 more i think
Auto-kick. Refreshing.
cachi01|phone, no stream..
Anyhoo, bonuses are nice but shouldn't the guild be for the sake of Bronystate shenanigans?
Celes_Chere: My mom has her... pet peeves. Not sure what it is about the show, but he hates guns & zombies
There would be shenanigans with or without a guild.
Eulshy watch Whose Line
she* :P I'm tired.
But we have bill duffer the buffer guy!
Meanwhile Shizuka kirzstryfe :D Join to the game!
13A Silly Union Killing All
Well yes but it's more convenient.
Oh haha Shizu
If we name it that Shizu I'm not joining.
Canadian_Brony, whas that?
Hilariously that's appropriate for her :P
Your favourite characters best moment was being eaten by a flock of bird things.
next time i'm making capital letters so people get it at the first try
Eulshy a very funny show which is comprised entirely of improv.
I'm linking skitttttt
No, she has been uber critical ever since I stopped giving her money
*skits
Asuka's best moment was in Rebuild when she was actually useful.
Canadian_Brony, how does one watch it?
13and promptly had a bridge dropped on her
She's useful at some point?
Eulshy youtube
Eulshy click on a link which I post.
Hey, she's coming back.
hey Eulshy
Didn't you see the trailers, Shizu?
hewwo flutter_spin
v
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5myJRlVA7s&feature=relmfu
hey im watching your link now
Getting crushed by a giant hand apparently gives badass points.
13yes
13still got a bridge dropped on her
I wouldn't really know of course, all I've seen of that show are bits of her being a douche and being thoroughly shredded.
it's also against Friends
Shizu, getting a bridge dropped on you means you die.
Out of the series.
some idiot put the two shows on at the same time
0,14see, the Rebuild movies are objectively good
Anyhoo, guilds made for the sake of having a guild don't tend to work well.
0,14but when that scene happened
0,14I flipped out
What, Asuka getting crushed?
Guilds made for friends to have their own little funhouse do.
It was far better in Rebuild than the original.
hahaha. The skier. I love this one.
I mean, dammit that guy wasn't really all that important and I barely cared about him and now he's offed I mean what
Guys G2G to sleep
Cya!
g'night cachi01|phone
what's up
So, are we making a Bronystate guild?
Cupcake Kitten Brigade [PONY]
hi dshannon. The sky, clouds, my roof, Luna~
because how can you not command respect with a guild name like that?
nice
0,14XD
The only other purpose of a guild would be to amass an army of followers and thus gain power.
13Piles Of Noobs Yelling
0,14you could sell cookies
13oh wait that would still be too descriptive of bronystate..
Only Manechat.
0,14Providers Of [something with N] [something with Y]
People Obviously Need yarn ?
I find it kinda funny
that was greast link ever i laughed so hard heh party quircks
13All People Seem To Need Data Processing
13no wait that's OSI layers..
I post them when I finish with my current ep
I still think the Richard Simmons or Yelled Out the Wrong Name in bed were funny
password for the TF2 game?
ponies
13phase's servers are all 'ponies'
Prickly Objects Necessitate Yelping?
13he still needs to name them
those were great
Ok BRB restarting my computer this glitch is annoying the buck outta me -_-
Oh hey guys you want to see a machinama video link?
haven't played MvM yet, so does it matter which class I pick, or just have fun? :)
my absolute favourite skit is "Survival Show"
the only played it once
ponies
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDhamZOl5Po I keep this on my playlist. My favs.
Hm
Class choice matters
13thought you did play with us
Though as long as we're a balanced team it's fine.
Joining, Shizu?
nope, TheGreatAndPowerfulT stole my spot
just have fun after i few round we will yell at you
Anyway, guilds.
And their names.
kirzstryfe nope that was not me
made the guild, you're stuck with it now :P
I vote Cupcake Kitten Brigade [PONY], because 'tis fun.
Oh, okay then. I'm cool with that.
00,03You know not all mods are asleep...
goes straight for Drew
Meanwhile Shizuka you joining ?
For some reason, running anything in Steam at the same time as the GW2 updater is a big no.
ohai Scoot-Scootaloo! Have you been keeping up with my Whose Line?
13hm
you should
it's funny
kirz, you got piss?
ban them all Scoot
the weird line fing wasn't too funny
Reikim like everything else that use internet
assert your authority
at least i didn't fink so
00,03So no posting stupid video links, you know what I'm talking about...
Yeah I'll be a second.
Switching games now.
"Whose Line" isn't stupid
Why not?
pppfft.
it's fnny
dag nab it
*funny
Whose Line is great! :P
Why not Scoot-Scootaloo?
kirzstryfe: Focus on the piss' slowdown and reload, you'll be fine.
Okay
My Internet is crap.
Fixing.
they're talking back to you
wait . . .
Can't very well play with 400 goddamn ping.
00,03I mean, you can post youtube links, but nothing I wouldn't show...
13not in source no
00,03Buytoast, it's tempting, but nah~
As in Rating or qaulity?
for a sec i thought there was a stream
c'mon, give in
00,03Rating, more like it
wait so that means you can't but we can send video links right?
00,03Just nothing extremely dumb or innapproriate
So I heard FLuttershy runs a store: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WfARDlOt8tI
oh ok
00,03Trust me, I see ALL
Scoot-Scootaloo right, yeah. Okay
hey scootaloo
back to Whose Line
13now i know i have all three of phase's servers on my favs list...
barbetos is stealling someone spot
want to see a machinama video link?
no stream?
TF2 sure loves taking it's time to prepare to launch...
I just hit join game
Scoot-Scootaloo, dumb owuld fall more under qaulity than rating
00,03Anything involving childush humor?
00,03childish*
00,03Also pony episodes.
00,03Anyone who posts them here is automatically banned
k
00,03srsly.
That seems harsh
like video links
so... no videos of people making hand farts to songs?
03 I'm heading to bed now
right then. Have an improvised Survival Show http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4uUsZD-GOQ&feature=related
03 NIght guys!
00,03nah~
Especially with no stream
g'night SlurryMoon
shoot
05mornin'
00,03Where the hell did you come from, SlurryMoon?
Mornin' Wrek
Hewwo Wrek
mornin wrek
00,03Where did YOU come from Wrek?
05also hi Moopy, you got yourself unbanned I see?
eeyup
05Scoot-Scootaloo: ive been here all along
oh cool
00,03Did... did Slurry turn into Wrek?
03 heheh
Ok back
Stealth-Wrek... lovely
lol. I knew you were here Wrek. I've been avoiding your name all night
03 x3
hi Wrek. Stick around! I'm posting Whose Line
03 night youall
00,03Night bro!
You mods are SILLEH :D
Night SlurryMoon
Night SlurryMoon! Sleep well!
03 I'll be back after my classes
i don't being banned in hell sorry to say that but i was in the spike room with no chat box
def sleepy time now
Going to bed guys, niight. Also hii Wrek~ (hugs Wrek and chat)
that was the most I've ever seen Slurry say in one chat session
g'night PillowPoni|Sleep
Night PillowPoni|Sleep
night PillowPoni|Sleep
ill be going to, night everypony
/me fluffs amd goes to sleep
g'night superretroworld
night
That time I got banned from here for a hour really knocked some sense into me. I think it needed it
hey scootaloo
nite PillowPoni|Sleep sweet dreams
night all
Night Ihop
05so Scoot-Scootaloo: there a stream running?
no stream ATM
Nope
why else would I post Whose Line?
just one video link to you ok just 1.........please
i think there done case itrs been over 1h
00,03Nah
is there anything else you printed?
00,03no stream
05okai
have some more Party Quirks! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M8G3IAn9lv4&feature=relmfu
You don't even know how excited I am for Friday! ^^
its pretty good and its awsome
Just 1 single video link
If I had to choose who is my favorite mod here I would say......Um......ALL OF THEM! :D
i like that one guy better
its not inaproppeit
the only mod I have yet to see talk is VioletVanilla
is the stream working on the fluttershy server?
00,03Just do it Moopy...
ok
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WHOahkFwAS0&feature=player_detailpage
watch it
Canadian_Brony: She has. But her computer is down ATM :<
Canadian_Brony - ...that's a good point, i haven't seen Vi in a while
and that would be why i guess
00,03Violet has computer problems now, dunno when she'll be back up and running
Ponies47 I know that. I've seen her nick in the chat, but she never said anything. I hope she gets it running soon
It's time for: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rCK8ZoC0KPI
Well atleast we got ViVi's bro Gigabit and Allerg0. :3
this was my friend EggyMean he makes machinama's and monkey tail productions
Well Allerg0 is his friend (Me and my derps)
Canadian_Brony: Me to. We all miss her :<
05might aswell
hes got awesome videos
05stream
Well, it's fairly dull in here so Imma go to sleep you you all in 10ish hours.
05you wont like it but its better than buffer
Ponies47 wait . . . Gigabit's ViVi's brother?
wait?
Canadian_Brony: Yeah!
00,03is it... ponies?
yay Wrek streaming
I have only not-liked the stream once, and that was G3.5
nick fixed and there be a stream?
Wrek is my favorite mod
/me Notices Wrek stole the remote "Hey I was watching the buffer show!" D:
Cipher . . . hi! I haven't seen you before.
...so i'm sure someone else has noticed this before, but it's 145am and my mind is doing weird things...
/me 13ist apparently the new wrek, streaming all day
why do 50% of the mods have a nick that starts with an S?
Shizuka your streams have always been my favourite :)
13this is my name .-.
Shizuka: He streamed all day one time. Atleast in my time zone! :D
Canadian_Brony: Kissass.
Couldn't of said it better Meanwhile.
i see wrek talk
Meanwhile - it's a fair point, i don't recognize Cipher either
is it art time?
Meanwhile was that an insult? Cuz I'm laughing at it.
Shizuka es third fav mod
Was that the best you could come up with to try and deflect that accusation?
Ohai Cipher :)
is der a stream yet?
oh boy
here WE GO
so what do you think scootaloo?
Cipher is just Saxy with a different name.
Meanwhile it's the truth. I'm laughing at it and I don't know why.
oh
k
00,03I know you love my streams, Meanwhile :)
Eh?
Oh yeah that's right. :P
Meanwhile atleast now you're trying to piss me off.
I like your streams when Boondocks is on.
And I think Scoots is computer just went out on him agian.
/me trots around
hi Pearly
oh
suddenly, WoW
omg WoW
world of warcraft
Scoot-Scootaloo: Chat derp?
And suddenly Wow.
this is WoW?
05lets hope it works better now than yesterday
00,03Yep yep :(
good god re we watching WOW
What server is that Wrek?
haven't played this in months
/me Hugs Scoot-Scootaloo "It will be ok"
heh my mom plays this
hey there Canadian_Brony
I didn't know Wrek played WoW
I listens a Wrek.
What server are you on Wrek?
alliance scum
05Quek'thalas
05quel*
whoa...Wrek plays WoW
must leave now befor I start listening to Wrek's music.. night all
Oh. Used to play on that server when I played WoW.
what did i miss...
Sweet dreams, Dovah.
Lok'tar ogar Buytoast.
my friend and I once played WoW. We had no bucking clue what we were doing at any point in the game. Our conversations were mainly composed of "What the fuck am I doing?" or "What the fuck are you doing?"
yeah yeah orc orc orc and all that shit
That's usually what I say when I try playing LoL.
im going to start lestining to the mods now
even though i was a troll and not a smelly halfwit
we gave up after and hour and switched to TF2
13only now?
The only game play I ever saw for WoW was becasue of that one South Park episode
that wasn't gameplay
I played WoW for 5 years, stopped after Cata ended.
what in the hell is that
is that the new talent thing?
Yup
Stopped when TBC wasn't fun. And when Wrath wasn't fun. And when Cata wasn't fun.
Wrek what level are you?
Only good thing I've heard about MoP is that I don't have to farm TLPD again.
You played in TBC decided it wasn't for you but tried again in Wrath?
Yup.
my mom actually let me play wow for my first time but she was telling me the little bit of the math stuff
That's just silly.
Resilient and tranquil grip don't work together :/ that makes me a sad...panda
maybe I'll get World of Warcraft: Pandaland
What can I say, I'm easy to convince.
I'll stick to TF2. Then I'll actually know what I'm doing.
so much lag
Guess it's too late to complain about losing my spot.
TF2 is fun, but so few people I know actually play it.
I imagine the lag is mostly us
but I vould be wrong
i play TF2 on the xbox
00,03*
disgusting
Ew.
Kammerjunk just about everypony on Bronystate plays TF2
Moopy: You hatless Irishman.
Canadian_Brony: Yeah, but I meant like in real life.
what it is
oh
00,03.... I play TF2 on Xbox too...
shameful
Cower before my pile of hats.
pfft, Xbox
05Eulshy: max level
Wait you got a xbox scootaloo?
So is doing double monitor with a computer worth it? I'm think about doing that when I get my new computer
Ima Nintendo
and PC
00,03Xbox is wub tier~
Ponies47 - only if you really need it
this the pandaland beta?
Ponies47: I have two 1200x1920 monitors ATM. And yes.
Celes_Chere but im not sad D:
metal + dk =
what does that mean to you?
00,03Anyways, I'm off for the night. Night y'all!
I can't believe how much it helps me.
Xbox is for those who want to pay just to access internet
Night Scoot-Scootaloo!
g'night Scoot-Scootaloo
Panda|Doingstuff: I was wondering when you'd catch that :3
Sweet dreams, Scoots.
Oh WoW I only care about you for the statistical and other math problems you give
00,03Moopy: It means that I like playing the xbox -_-
So I don't actually play it
oh whats your gamertag?
Kammerjunk: Nice. I heard it's really useful
Celes_Chere XD when ever someone says Panda, I get da pinz... and the twitchy tail xD
Pretty much, yeah.
/me has Tail envy...
xd
Panda|Doingstuff twitch-a-twitch?
I'll give you one after this round, I've got to update GW2 anyway.
05my gamertag is Wrek#2354 iirc
05lemme check that
Ponies47: If you use an IRC client like mIRC, it is.
Canadian_Brony all night long~
/me throws muffins in the chat becase bored
If you catch his drift.
Kammerjunk: I was just putting Bstate adn the stream on one monitor and doing other stuff on the other monitor liek TF2 and such
/me eats ALL the muffins
lol
05yes
*and
*like
05gametag is Wrek#2354
/me Has a tummyache...
wait wrek you don't play xbox you don't have an xbox
Ponies47: And if you order now, you'll get not two, but three of the product for the price of one! Only $19.99!
05never
/me needs to sleep
g'night everypony
Celes_Chere: Go to bread.
Night.
Kammerjunk: Oh you! :D
Night Celes_Chere!
g'night Celes_Chere
/me Throws Celes_Chere into bed and tucks him/her into bed
05time to test new abillities
i love heavy metel dude
05still not sure on all the changes
0,14night regs room, enjoy slaughtering the hordes of robots
Night Saxy.
Music today = toilet sounds
0,14good night, guys and enjoy the stream
eeyup
Night Cipher sleep well!
Night Sax- Darnit
your funny ponies47
Night Cipher
Moopy: You're*
g'night Saxy
05qeueing takes foooreeeveeer
me
05maybe cause its only 8 in the morning
0,14you can still say Saxy, Reikim|TF2
everypony
0,14=P
Almost 1:00 AM here :P
Yes Pearly?
Oh
Ooooh
Night Saxy :P
heh lits like 1:57 over here
whoose listening to german music i can hear it :P
lol
g'night Cipher
05not german RainbowDash90
still i can hear it :P
lol
05good
have you ponies ever herd of deathklok?
05casue you're supposed to
ho Ponies47
hey there*
its brutal
x_x ok x_x lol]
hey there Ponies47
Hey Pearly :3
Moopy: heard of? the entire series was streamed here at one point
05dethkloks lyrics arent even close to as brutal as these
nope
WoW?
ollo late night/early day people
Hey Dken2021!
yeah right you should listen to bloodlines its great
Hye Dken2021!
*Hey
ok who said Deathklok was brutal.... because they arent.
cool music
/me gave blood this past Sunday :P
i did
Moopy I am disapoint.
why
isn't deathklok just a parody?
Polydunami: How did that go?
...
05hmm
05my graphics driver is complaining
Very well, thank you. Got cookies and juice afterwards :3
Hi pony_961591 what's up?
Wrek name it rarity!
what game is this
hai pony_961591
Nothing much.
Athgaar: WoW
I think it's World of Warcraft :P
to be fair there are about a million clones of it
I'm not completely sure because I've never played the game before :3
Moopy :( they arent brutal and arent they a parody band? I dont they exist outside of the cartoon right? I mean it wasnt a band before the cartoon.
out of seeing it on southpark, I've never seen WoW gameplay
wow dude just.......wow
Polydunami: Cookies! I coudl never do that. My guess whould be I would pass out! :D
*could
Wrek ugh, try dealing with a graphics card which never accepts its proper driver.
no wait, forgot about that leeroy video
well, second time seeing gameplay
It's okay, Ponies47; you have to be at least eighteen to give blood anyway :P
Moopy correct me if I'm wrong, I could be misinformed, which is a commonality with me.
heh wish i could
Moopy I couldnt have been dead right. considering I do not watch the show.
05yay there's a driver update
Panda|Doingstuff and Moopy if you two are going to fight can you please take it to PM?
I would like to donate blood, but I need to wait 3 years.
:D HUZZAH!
congrats
Ponies47 im not fighting D: I'm just asking.
Polydunami: Hehe. True and I'm only 14 :P
Ponies47: What kind of blooming spongecake fights have you seen in life.
fine we will stop fighting...........cheese
Panda|Doingstuff: Oh. I'm sorry :(
Moopy :( I wasnt fighting you.
Meanwhile: What?
damn internet and lack of tone of voice...
umm yeah dude
Ponies47: You call that a fight?
oh Meanwhile! whats up? ^^
05lol thats not a fight
05thats a gentlemans arguing
xD
Meanwhile: Oh. Not really. :$
05get your definitiosn right
I wasnt arguing either though.
just stop dude just stop fighting with me ok
05once you stop calling it fighting
fine
D:
sorry Moopy
05good boy
sorry
05 /pat
Dat Wrek Skype
LoLz
Oy, it's not really fighting if it's over the internet :P
wreck can you check your private messages please
Unless WoW
its just that music is playing now is making us doing the fight in the chat
/me starts the stream
dis music.
O_o i cant hear music for I am not looking at the stream.
I dunno, it's not actually a fight; nobody is getting hurt :P
^
try refreshing it
I hope :S
but Moopy >.< I'm doing stuff, and using a different client.
heh i have been in client befor?
Moopy O_O you had a client? what was she like?
i was at the pony chat client
Moopy whoa! did you tip her?
:D
no i was banned remember
check ur private messages again when ya have a chance wreck and sorry for bugging so much
And what a fine day that was.
You know, this is still the same chat room no matter how you get access to it.
Moopy O_O when were you banned? Forgive me for not remembering D:
Hmmm. My Stream is really behind. I got the message saying Prick is play Friendship Is Witchcraft like 3 minutes ago :/
yes
/me Refreshs
yea...
what about it
Prick you are a Prick >.>
Ohai Prick sorry for the ping :$
XD
hi Prick
no prob
I got there first, Panda :P
i don't like been banned anymore i was really bored and tired
05also
05im loving control undead
Polydunami thats what she sai- ... wait... I GOT SLOPPY SECONDS? O_______O
-_(\
what/
?
so when i was banned about the other day i was in the spike room with no chat box so instead i had to watch the stream
You'll find out in time, Canadian_Brony :S
Moopy The horror?
-____-
Polydunami lets hope he doesnt... ive been there... its not nice.
yeah i didn't like it as well
I'm gonna head out, really late here
have a good night everyone :)
I was banned for a hour once. But it knocked soem sense into me.
*some
Night kirz.
/some/
^
Ive never been banned D: I just hope to god I dont get a troll ban.
cause been banned is like sitting in hell
Night kirzstryfe and Reikim|TF2
Moopy you need to find a hobby ^^
Night Trix.
Panda|Doingstuff: Just don't be otakon and you'll be fine.
Night kirz.
I was kicked for RP
once
what hobby?
That guy has an amazing kick rate.
Meanwhile, you can have a spot now, because I too am saying my farewells.
Night whichever of you is going to bed.
Kammerjunk challenge accepted!
and for spam . . . a fairit
/me bows and exits
I was spamkicked a few times because of laggy servers :P
whats RP
I'm playing Mann up now anyway.
*fair
DAMMT
Way to go.
Role-playing
oh ok
god i love wow too much
you know Moopy playing while rolling ^^
oh ok then i guess
DashWithRainbows, you're playing gw2 right?
gw2? As in Guild Wars 2?
If so, then no.
05still miss 2 people for queue >.>
05jeez its takign a logn time
That isn't really my type of game.
Well, it's the European server.
servers*
Still early in the day.
night Shizuschlafen ^^
Goodnight Shizu!
Night Shizuschlafen
13\o
Polydunami I was there first~
Little late to sleep, innit? ._.
g'night Shizuschlafen
i got banned for being a little bit of a troll the other day i was banned about few hours dude
Or early, technically.
Obe Trice
Oh well, can't win every nitpicky event :P
Hello everypony! :)
hello
Polydunami /)
hi Sabershy
hai Sabershy
Going to sleep, Goodnight everyone ~
night Trixie!
night TGaPT
/) Panda
g'night TheGreatAndPowerfulT
Night regs ~
Goodnight Trixie!
TheGreatAndPowerfulT Shirt XD
Night TheGreatAndPowerfulT
you know who i really miss in here?
Hi Sabershy
Moopy who?
Ictiv?
No? Just me?
Whos steaming?
I miss Panda... he was an awesome guy.
Thegreatpowerfulvortex
TheRainbowDash?
oh
Malk wre
Wrek is Malk
*wrek
05Kammerjunk: yeh havent seen him in a while
no wait the rainbow vortex
Canadian_Brony I think he quit b state O_o
Cool whats he playing?
yeah
I remver a Ictiv
thats what i really miss
Kammerjunk I think that was before I joined.
Panda|Doingstuff he did? Aww . . .
Dken2021: Eccentric guy, love for Douglas Adams.
Canadian_Brony *shrugs* Well... he left in a huff last time I remember.
what happened to him anyway?
I 'unno, he didn't die.
he's probably busy with irl stuff
oh
Who would quit watching bronystate its awesome
^
Well... I dont watch the streams that much... I'm usually artsing ^^
INB4 Wrek doesn't get an instance in the next 40 minutes.
hey did you guys already know about the new season # yet?
Oh.
What is he playing?
Well, never mind, then
Moopy spoilers.... forbidden.
Malk: World of Warcaft.
do sorta miss lyra even though she was a bit on the edge sometimes
Malk WoW
oh boy, lfg dragon soul
what just saying
test
/me plays Guile's theme
oh no WoW I need to stay away from that game
casual central time
O///O
muhahaha...im head to SW
hi Guile
Is that the one from Chrono Cross, Panda? :3
Hiya
Polydunami lol what?
Moopy: Yeah, but discussion of S3 is a nix-nay.
twilight_sprinkle SPRINKLE!!!!!!!
oh my
nix nay?
no-no
You know? Guile from Chrono Cross?
Moopy means dont talk about it.
when is the new season out?
Hey guys... Augh I'm so sore right now... :S
wow really
hai YourLittleDashie
Polydunami no, the one that goes... dun du du du duuuuuuuuun... that one
<--- my name on just about everything
Moopy: Well, yeah. Spoilers and stuff.
I know that theme, yeah
teh whatever man
hi YourLittleDashie. Did you go for a 3-hour walk?
YourLittleDashie exausted from work-out? tiring job?
hey pa*yaaaaaaawn* Panda|Doingstuff
twilight_sprinkle tired hun?
Worse than a workout...
shool?
it was...
*school?
im just letting everypony know that
/me pauses for dramatic effect
BAND CAMP
Panda|Doingstuff: yeah, uts 2.22 am and i have 40 more algebra problems <.<
OH GAW
Guile: Sly or cunning intelligence
*legasp* my little dashie!
know what Moopy?
DUN DUN DUNNNNN
GAWD
oooh, god I know how tiring that is
twilight_sprinkle need some help? ^^
what
what you letting everyone know Moopy?
wat
twoolat_spoorkle >.> what
what happens in band camp stays in band camp
iunno
though I was one of the lucky ones in pit so I didn't have to march
Marching "Basics" for 2 hours, and Running drills for 4 Hours...
hi twilight_sprinkle
cause........ i don't know
twoolat spoorkle - Woll Smoth's long lost sister.
AND I PLAY THE SOUSAPHONE
Panda|Doingstuff: dunno yet, its integral stuff
XD
hey Canadian_Brony
geeawd would you stop getting mad at me
Sounds Illegal
<---Low Brass
twilight_sprinkle D: oh my!
YourLittleDashie dang, and with a somewhat heavy instrument
Nobody's getting mad at you, though.
Prick: Low Brass Bronies! /)
(\ w/e
What happens in Vegas stays on Youtube
well it sounds like most everypony is mad at me now
ello ecry pony
is stream down or just me?
Dken2021: 30 lbs... O God my neck is so sore... but I took some Advil so I'm better than I was before
Panda|Doingstuff: yeah and the problems are soooo lng boring and tedious. AND THERES 73 OF THEM :[
You wouldn't download a police officer!
my keyboard is acting up
hello evry pony
hello
ello scottish-geeky
/me hugs scottish-geeky
sorry if I tend to change names a lot
/me hugs YourLittleDashie
Canadian_Brony: Here's a little secret: The Earth is round. There is no up and down!
it's so....
ell Dken2021
Hi scottish-geeky /)
/me Super glomps scottish-geeky
jello Moopy
...fun
twilight_sprinkle well i assure you, when you get to college, you will see its very much so worth it.
hia Malk
jello
Kammerjunk it's not working properly
Oh.
better?/////
blub blub
dammit
A lot.
Panda|Doingstuff: yeah...except i AM in college <.<
Canadian_Brony: DAT /
twilight_sprinkle O___O oh no. College level algebra? D:
see above
hey whats that dudes name to were that stream was black screen and we herd a voice in it who was that?
Panda|Doingstuff: and i alrdy did this stuff last year too
I belive that was Giga
Low Brass Sophmore Bronies /)
giga
Stream down?
Panda|Doingstuff: yeah, currently volumes and areas and junk
looks like t
if your in Quel'thalas...ive just broke into Stormwind
*it
no... :(
Ponies47: ello lad
twilight_sprinkle D: well if you need help I'm here, I still have math on the brain from Calc and stats x(
Panda|Doingstuff: the problems are so long it makes me want to suicide
Alrighty then :)
scottish-geeky: Hello :3
Ponies47: gees what
twilight_sprinkle: WAT
/me messed up...quiet you >.>
Panda|Doingstuff: thanks, ill think about it
scottish-geeky: What?
i herd giga trying to play the nyan cat with the eletric keyboard in the back ground
Ponies47: its me b day
looks to me like Wrek got disconected
YourLittleDashie: yeh, its horrendous
Moopy there was a herd of gigas? O_______O
no giga that dudes name
twilight_sprinkle: Well I'm going into Honors Chemistry...
happy birthday scottish-geeky!
Moopy im kidding i know who gigabit is :D
scottish-geeky: HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
twilight_sprinkle: thanks
Ponies47: thanks
happy birthday you scottish you
oh it was gigabit then
/me Brings out all the party stuff
scottish-geeky Really? omg! hm... what would you want? I got a dollar D:
So is the stream over?
YourLittleDashie: thank heavens i avoided chemistry, i could neve rhandle all the memorization
/me is watching le Batman
thats who i thought it was
Panda|Doingstuff: nuthing dont worry mate
twilight_sprinkle: I have to take 3 years of science... its required
Hey time to do the bronystate intermissions folks
hmm, I don't think I've done chemistry before
welcome back Canadian_Brony
Gigabit and Allerg0 only stream on Saturdays
YourLittleDashie|HuggingPlushie
who else plays WoW and I don't know about
/me nuzzles Pearly
th Pearly
keyboardis actn stupd
/me nuzzlwa Jmo
How do I do that Username|DoingSomething Thingy
Minecraft is the best game ever
ned batteries
YourLittleDashie: i do like science, just not when i have to do 74 longass calculation-based integration problems :[
brb
So......
Favorite pony?
me
mhmm....
YourLittleDashie do you know where the | key is?
yep
true story
twilight_sprinkle: I know that feel bro. I had to do 25 geoetric proofs for a homework one night when I had marching practice from 5 - 8
