11,02Alright, time for Doom :)
I hate avocadoooooo. T^T
That game :D
Gold_Demona: It makes more sense than the origonal, along woth being waaay more awesome
Dat DOOM!
11,02What difficulty? :3
Im not big on cheese, lol :D
DoctoDoctorWho: That's probably because it adheres to the manga. :P
MEGA-VIOLENCE!
Hello Gold_Demona!
DoctoDoctorWho: Whereas the original series did not.
Ohai MadSurge!
Thowse difficulties
*Those
Ultra-Violence*
>_>
05ultraviolence or no violence
inb4 SB has more deaths than Wrek playing Abuse.
lol Ultraviolence. Clockwork Orange reference much?
Gold_Demona: In the words of Major armstrong, *punches through a brick wall* INDEED!
Oh gawd now I want to play again.
05SuperBrony64: get a perfect score and i will be very roud of you
05p*
DoctoDoctorWho: I've never read the manga or watched Brotherhood though, so all I know about the differences is what I hear about secondhand. =/
Wrek your salad would have to be pretty damn good to rekindle my lost faith in cheese.
>Hate cheese
Blasphemy.
D:
05Meanwhile I usually make it togetehr with some kinf of karé and pasta of some sort
11,02CRUD ><
11,02How do I get a perfect score? o.o
Dat spoiler
I can't pretend to know what karé is, but pasta's nice.
05you pick up all tiems that arent health
05you kill all mosnters
Gold_Demona: you know how alchemy is powered by soul-energy?
05and you find all secterts
SuperBrony64, not die for one. :p
DoctoDoctorWho: Yeah
You lose score for picking up health? o.o
Now I want play DOOM. I only got it foh the 360 though. I cant go all old school.
Klumzeedragon: I think they have the oldschool games on Steam.
Besides, PC is the best way to play Doom.
05protip. buy all the classic dooms on steam
05its the cheapest place to buy the WADS
How much?
05then get a 3rd party emulator and extract the WADS from your steam folder
You can do WADS on Steam? O_O
05then play on the 3rd party engine
11,02DArn :<
Gold_Demona: well in brotherhood, If you condense the souls of multiple individuals, they crystallize and form the P-stone
05SuperBrony64!
Such as?
11,02Having those health packs there hurt me though :/
05i believe in you!
11,02:D
Doom is TOO HARD for players nowadays, Wrek :P
Even if you can't believe in yourself, believe in the Wrek that believes in you!
Gold_Demona: Yeah I saw it on there. :D But I meant like, I cant old school console it.
And then SB pulled out his fists in a gun fight.
Is this a man or a monkey? Hairy arms much.
He wears gloves.
11,02:/
Lol
Klumzeedragon: To my knowledge only the original Doom got a console release. SNES I think
Wrek: I may just do that. But I already own the bugger on xbox. I dont know if I should buy i again for pc. :D
He's a man. Monkies don't pull off the glove look.
D:
Dat moonwalk
11,02Doom 2 came out on the GBA
Try and watch that and not hear MJ Billy Jean.
Constant Shuffle
05if you give up SB i will show you how its done
:D
05and you wouldnt want that
lol
05so go ahead and get a purfect score! :D
Wrek is best at Doom.
But SB is playing on a controller, Wrek. And you know how you feel about controllers.
That confindent Wrek. :D
No music though, fgsfds
^
>Playing on a controller
Ew, playing Doom with a controller?
Well there's your problem.
Well, this IS an Atari.
I dont think id be good at DOOM, lol
I'm not good at Doom, but I love to play it anyway
11,02><
Do it with a keyboard, like a real man!
:D
Ded
This is like when I first tried to play Unreal Tournament...
I always start Doom 2 with IDDQD cuz I'm lame like that. :P
05SuperBrony64: use strafe!
Nostelgia just hit me.
I've always been a console gamer cause I never really had a good computer that could play anything. Only game I was really good at on the computer was Unreal Tournament. :D
heh
I've always had both console and PC growing up.
Two words for you Klumzeedragon. Xan Kriegor.
Gold_Demona: the biggest thing about brotherhood I think is that the homonculi work differently
I never understood how Doom worked on consoles because there were so many keyboard commands involved on the PC version.
Meanwhile: NO! :D
Try turning the safty off.
DoctoDoctorWho: I thought it weird that there weren't homonculi for all the sins like there were in the original series.
05uhm SuperBrony64
05you CAN pick up health
DoctoDoctorWho: And the Pride/Wrath thing confused the crap out of me.
05but they arent counted on the items percentage
nemnemnemnem
11,02:D
fun fact: most doom console ports were based after this port
11,02I missed an enemy? D:
Gold_Demona: Actually there are still 7, 1 for each sin
05SuperBrony64 what me to show hows it done? x3
Aw
11,02><
11,02But you said no health? :<
You'll get him next time Super.
11,02Okie, I'll watch you, you wanna stream? :)
wrek how do i get that special mde thingy with the emnemys
Gold_Demona: and I could clear up your confusion if you dont mind spoilers
05i said health pickups dont coutn to the item pecentage
Dat clickety clackity Doom music.
11,02I did that entire level without any health...do I get bonus points? D:
DoctoDoctorWho: Nah that's alright. I'll probably watch it eventually on Netflix anyway, since both series are on there.
05not according to the score. you aslo missed 2 secrets
11,02Well...lemme try again ;^;
Klumzeedragon: Eeeeeviiiiil.
11,02i don't know where the other secret are ;A;
05sure
11,02secrets*
good night everypony gota go beat the crap outa someone tomorow
Practice makes perfect
Meanwhile: The evilist!
05many secrets are revealed ocne you "beat the level and stand next to the end button
11,02Night therainbowvortex :)
Have fun therainbowvortex.
05instead of hittign the end button
05re-explore the mnap
Klumzeedragon: Git always took the invis belt.
eeyup no one dose what he did to my sister
11,02Okay :D
11,02So wait, you said I could pickup the items?
wrek where is that button ?
11,02health*
05yes
This is a much different game with Thriller on in the background...
05you NEED
05to pick up everythign you can
Gold_Demona: Only up to episode 34, which is just enough time fot us to meet sloth! how fun.
05to get the items score
11,02OOOOOO
Moooooooo!
Meanwhile: Wasn't there a Redeemer on that map as well?
11,02I thought you said to get 100% without grabbing health :<
05heh
05well
05health pickups do not add to the item score
05casue its possible to beat without takign damage
05makes sense right?
You need the armor though man.
Klumzeedragon: Somewhere near the top I think, the belt was in the exposed part of the lower ring.
11,02yeah...but like that one passage, I think I need to grab the health in order to get by it to grab the other items :/
Meanwhile: That's right. :D Could enemys grab that thing? I forget now, it's been a good 12 years since my last play. :D
Gold_Demona: Have you heard what brotherhood sloth is like?
Klumzeedragon: Same, but I got blanked enough times by invisible flak cannons to remember. >_<
DoctoDoctorWho: Nope.
Gold_Demona: want a description?
DoctoDoctorWho: Nah
Gold_Demona: oh well, you will see soon enough. yes precious, you will see...
Meanwhile: I just remember that guy being more than enough to make me shake my fists in rage. But after winning I do remember having fun as the robot team. :D And after beating it a few times having fun with all the console cheats for shits and giggles.
DoctoDoctorWho: LOL, yes eventually. XD
Klumzeedragon: And fun times were had by all. Except Xan. Because really, screw that guy.
DoctoDoctorWho: I do plan to watch it eventually. I just haven't felt the drive to yet. :P
Supinhere?
Dat Vivix
wrek how does one do co-op?
/me clings to Jmo and snoozes
Meanwhile: God mode. All weapons. Inifite ammo. And then just Redeemer the crap out of him to make him pay. :D
05ok SB
05clear the final room
05pick up aal times
05dotn hit the button
05then re-explore the level
05focus on the zig zag acid room
o.o
Ah. The secret room.
THAT secret room.
11,02:P
11,02:O*
05careful
Klumzeedragon: Redeemer on...aw what's it called? Facing Worlds?
11,02Awww yeah :D
Meanwhile, best. map. ever.
05theres 1 more secret
Ohey Jmo, I noticed you faved a chunk of my Nuzlocke comic. :P
Just a straight line of death.
05toggle run
zig zag acid room, made me think "doom?" and aww yeah stream said it wass
I went through every single page of them >>
I wants moar ;~;
05wait
05for it to raize
05now run as fast as you can back to the secret room
05and up the elevator
Meanwhile: Yes! That was the. best. level. I had most of my fun rampages there. :D
Gold_Demona: http://derpy.me/1oXy5
Ugh. Ive got updates. Brb
Unreal tournament?
11,02:D
05now lets see
Meanwhile, always fun watching a nuke go off.
05did you get the button at the very start of the map?
05where the armor was
Jmo: lol, I plan to work on the next page today. So I might have it up by tomorrow or the next day. =)
11,02No D:
Huzzah :3
Vivix: Yeah, That's what we're talking about. :P
Dat wasteful use of ammo.
Jmo: Fave character?
05hmm
To the side.
Wrek: its gone
05the map is different here
Klumzeedragon, I used to use the timestop cheat, and surround the enemy with a cluster of redeemers, then watch from afar
11,02There's a button here?
Side of the stairs.
fun fact: most doom console ports were based after this port
05check sides of stairs
Not up the stairs, on the side.
Wut.
Gold_Demona: Out of all of them?
I guess button knew magic.
Explore dem rooms, SuperBrony64 :D
05hmm
Jmo: Sure
11,02Vordox: I will :3
05guess they removed that?
how cute
Gold_Demona: Dema or Professor MacRowan :P
Probably.
SuperBrony64 playing Doom
05ok then
05sb if they removed that butotn
Vivix: Yup. :P Best thing ever. That or a few well placed flack shots around every enemy and let it all fly at once. :P
05you got them all
Jmo: LOL, yeah. I love Mac. XD
wrek this port is diffrent
Wrek: Removing in a port...? When it's part of hhe game mechanic, like WHUT.
most doom console ports were based after this port
Too funny :3
Klumzeedragon, haha yes, man I could have fun for hours with that cheat
11,02I hope it was removed :<
SuperBrony64: Le pray
05its ok
05lets check
05your score
It's probably removed.
Ninjazz: it is
Vivix: Me too. :D That was like, my main game on the computer as a kid.
Well, we'll see.
11,02AWWWW YEAH :D
05stream died on me
Same
And then stream derped.
05whats the score?
Affirmative.
11,02100% ^_^
05on all 3?
11,02Yeah :D
Well, yay then. :D
11,02gimme min, I'll fix stream
05yey
05grats SB
11,02And you can see :3
And it's up. :)
I already believe!
11,02See it? :D
Dem zeros.
Klumzeedragon, yeah, I played a lot of that. Never tried it online though- hm
Success.
Yay! Perfect score!
wrek y u no co-op
Great success!
Congrats
05JRP: casue coop is for babies in doom
11,02You can link this game with another Atari Jaguar to play Co-op mode :3
11,02Or Deathmatch :D
wrek where can i get that mode you alwas play?
Dat music.
11,02Thanks for the tip about secret being revealed after entering the final room in a level :)
11,02Wrek* :)
For some reason, I like hearing it like that.
Nice background art.
Vivix: I have. It's pretty much the same. But instead of silly bots you got people with mad skill. :D Cause you'd always have one or two bots who would do nothing but jump as they moved through the map. :D
Ffs, the time when we had to choose which soundcard we had to hear things properly.
Or differently.
Im off to bed everypony see yall later ok.........peace
Gnight, Moopy. Sleep well.
/me peace sign
Ninjazz: SOUND BLASTER!
SuperBrony64: come back
11,02Getting tired, so I'm tuning out, thanks for watching everypony ^_^
Vordox, ALWAYS!
Later Moopy! :)
05wait SuperBrony64"!
eeyup
05LET ME SHOW YOU THE LEVEL ASWELL!
Thanks for streaming Super.
11,02I'll watch :D
Bye SuperBrony64!
Uh oh. Wrek's going to show off now. :P
GG SuperBrony64 !
Thanks for the classics, SB.
Thanks for streaming
11,02Btw, here's the Atari Jaguar :3 http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4b/Atari_jaguar4.jpg
Thanks for the stream SuperBrony64. But adter Wrek, you need to sleep. :P I do too.
AVGN said it sucks.
You weren't on an emulator?
11,02AVGN can go suck it :)
And funny.
11,02Here's what they did with the Atari Jaguar when it failed :3 http://archive.insertcredit.com/news/022004/hotrod.jpg
I like AVGN when he geeks out and stops making jokes-
I do too.
11,02It became dental imaging equipment :D
Presents something more to appreciate than crude humor.
Vivix: You mean poop jokes most of the fans doesn't like? :P
SuperBrony64: Looks like a soap dispenser youd see in a public bathroom.
05ok hit refresh!
SuperBrony64: Oh lawl, THE WORLD was not ready!
Dun did doed it!
Ninjazz, yeah, especially when the consoles or games have weird histories or anecdotes
You'll get DOOM in your teeth.
Vordox, yeeah
SuperBrony64: Also! Have you heard what sony did?!
SuperBrony64: THEY ARE MAKING A VR item!
11,02Vordox: IKR :O
(Just like Nintendo did about 20 years ago)
VR Troopers.
wrek
11,02I hear Wrek :D
wrek what doom port is it?
VR items. Wonder how long that'll take to fail.
Dat music...
Ninjazz, yeaah, totally. I like some of his other geekstuff too- like boardgame james or what it is- less jokes on that though
Derpy!
Fisticuffs!
11,02Ewww...PC version looks bad :P
o u
<--- The game that made Strafing a MUST have in 3D games
So does everything you play Super, we still put up with it.
Vivix, eyup! Need to catch up more on his videos.
Burn. :D
...so...
wrek is this gzdoom or that other one
I can't remember strafing in doom
...
alt arrow?
I think you hold down control to strafe
I wonder how many times he's played this...
This is REALLY making me want to play again.
11,02Anypony can play it on the PC, but it takes a silly filly to play it on the Jaguar \:3/
It's been quite a while since I played doom
SuperBrony64: With money and a family that didn't threw his games out
Wrek: I wanna see you try and do this speed in Quake 1 :P
You're too casual to play it properly Super. :P
05oh right theres an ammo pack back up at the spawn
Ooooo.
LAWL
It's been a while for me too, so I can't remember if it's Alt of Cntrl that lets you strafe
Dat insult.
11,02I held onto my games for dear life
This is the HL1 engine?
Oh nono
11,02Never trading them in for next to nothing in return and always keeping the boxes...until my parents threw the SNES and N64 boxes away on me ;~;
hl1 was based on quake engine
You know what I mean.
That's fairly traumatising. No wonder you play on the Wii.
SuperBrony64: Know the feel man. :(
Is this Ultra violent, cause he's not dying... >.<
Because he has Wrek mode on.
11,02I got my Atari Jaguar (with box) from someone with like 20 games (some with boxes), a few Jaguar CD games, 3 controllers and the rare A/V cable for the system for $200 ^-^
SuperBrony64: :O Ouch! My N64 boxes and manuels were tossed recently too. Still got my system and all my games as much at that counts for. :D
11,02Klumzeedragon: Awesome :D
All of the improved engine versions are based on the original doom engine, not related to the hl1 engine, I think
SuperBrony64: AVGN says they break easily
SuperBrony64: did you jagua cd work?
11,02Wrek: you own at this game :o
11,02The Jaguar CD breaks easily, not the Jaguar system itself
SuperBrony64: Nah, he's playing it on PC; not Console, it's way easier :P
I'm pretty sure they're not related, because HL1 is in ACTUAL 3d, whereas the Doom engine is faux 3d.
Boo-Yah MothaF***er!!!
11,02I don't have the Jaguar CD add-on unfortunately :<
What I want to do now... Is find out which port/ver/copy/etc Wrek is playing and replay again.
The feck happened?
Spinal Tap!
I NEVER saw that happen...
Ever
11,02Chainsaw tiem \:3/
There be blood and giblets everywhere.
11,02I wish I had the Jaguar CD addon :<
Is this an updated version?
Gold_Demona, yeah originaly, but like Doomsday engine can look like hl1 engine, but is not related at all. I don't think doom engine was developed into quake engine- but quake engine is the foundation for Goldsource engine
Cause I never seen the insta kill fist thing
FanFiction Has been approved and is ready to read!
Ninjazz: I think this is just the steam port.
Cause I never seen the insta kill fist thing
IS THIS STEAM!?
Feck this game then
I prefer the REAL games
SuperBrony64, Wrek is our personal expert in Doom
11,02Wrek is pretty cool :3/
Hipster Vordox.
No
It's not HIpster
It's respect for the original creators
Anti hipster movement is led by hipsters
Would you like a latté?
Vivix: I see. I've never owned Quake, so I don't remember what that one was like.
SuperBrony64: can you play asajsjaljsdlkaj
Did not know you could meat sheild in DOOM.
Gold_Demona, I only played the demo- but yeah that was full 3d ish, no mouselook though I think
11,02JRP: I don't has dat game :<
This isn't Doom, this is Doom + Expansion, Which doesn't exist. ><
Guys my fic is done!
Vordox Skyrim is in steam and yet everyone mods it
CrimsonPhoenix: It's not the same game.
Once the end is done, and the game is shipped, that's the game.
DoctoDoctorWho: Send that link on over!
You really do despise mods
No
I love mods
Come on down! http://www.fimfiction.net/story/49494/Blueblood-Un-jerked
But games that are classic shoudl not be modded and released as officials
05lets hope the servers are up
Bah humbug.
05id love to play this with you SB
05but i knowi youre not much for PC gaming
That's putting it mildly.
Vordox, why not?
I don't know if the steam version is unmodified, but I would believe it would be made to run on w7 and that's it
CrimsonPhoenix: Respect to the original Creators
like how they added the fixes to broken sword in steam
05uh no Vordox
AND, of course, for it's Culture
05its brutal doom
05its a mod
otherwise it would not work at all
Oh
05steam has the original wads
yes
05nothing more nothing less
Someone said it was the Steam release
05then they had no clue what they were talkign about
Prince_Blueblood: well, that was unexpected.
I think--you said that
/me wasn't paying attention
Yeah no clue
05i ripped the WADS from my steam purchase
dem typing sounds. :D
Good, then all is fine with the world. :P
Bah humbug.
11,02I play PC gaming, so we can play together sometime :)
11,02I just like playing old retro consoles :3
Like the Wii.
SuperBrony64: The feel of the controller
(And then the irony of Microsoft and Sony PLaystation comes into play)
Vordox: I just said he bought it on Steam. Sorry about that. :$
Klumzeedragon: Well it's good, I got the real info now. And it stills supports the correct release, which is good =P
whos streaming
Wrek
Oh, I thought you didn't do roms.
who is streaming
Gutted.
Argh. But it is time for bed for real this time. DoctoDoctorWho I shall read your fic when I wake up. :P
Wrek: Aw... I was going to wish you happy fragging.
I think this game needs a Commander system.
Oh, I just refreshed the stream and found that Wrek took over the embed
Gnight, Clumsylizard. Sleep well.
Klumzeedragon: I look forward to comments!
HO SHEET.
Night Klumzeedragon.
Awww, no Planetside?
05beta servers are locked
Servers are down.
05they unlock later tonight
Goddamnit.
Ninjazz: Thanks. :P And of course DoctoDoctorWho. :)
That is one of the few games that I would buy an entirely new PC just to play.
Wrek: SC2?
Go to bed Klumzeedragon.
FINE! Thanks for the stream Wrek!
Bah, I can't hear over the sound of someones lawn mower. ¬¬
00,02i just tried to sign up for an itunes account without a credit card
OH SHIT QUAKE
I know these maps inside out :D
Waiwatiwatiwatiwati.
00,02its an absurdly complicated process
Quake?
00,02apple REALLY wants your credit card info
/me opens stream
Quake! =D
[12:30] #bronystate Cannot send to channel - Message blocked due to repeating (+K set)
That's new
Is this modded, some things looks different, Wrek
00,02Vivix, no its not :P
Superspeed Wrek!
Phase4: Only a matter of time before they take over the world.
00,02Vivix, your just seeing it because of your client
Phase4, try log in a different country of iTunes
Quake? Only played 2 :O
00,02Meanwhile, nah, its google thats gona take over the world
<--- Quake became big in Sweden, if you people see it :D
Quake 2 is best Quake.
Well, it's first time I've seen it- probably just never done it before
But goddamn is Quake amazing.
Never played quake.
Phase4, Apple and Google alliance how doom are we?
05only mod here is the openGL renderer isntead of software renderer
Lawl, even know the Key Jump :D
iTunes- I would have gotten it for MLP, but they don't let us europeans in yet, so-- can't be bothered
00,02CrimsonPhoenix, apple and google would never work together
^
Two evil masterminds coming together?
Bah.
You played this alot too, wh Wrek XD
Google is--good guys usually
I'm pretty sure this is a video
Ninjazz: WalMart and EA?
Apple is--alright, but a bit crueler
Duuuuuude. If Wrek-no, ANY plays Quake 2 on stream, the world is COMPLETE.
Gold_Demona, my head just hurt thinking about that.
00,02Vivix, no, apple is jerk
I'd say Microsoft is more evil than Apple
00,02they do not care for the customer
00,02iphones are portable itunes stores
Phase4: It's better that way
11,02Night all :)
Gn SuperBrony64|Zzz
I wouldn't reaaally--agree, I like microsoft. But they aren't really--people minded?
Night Super.
Gnight, SuperBrony64|Zzz. Sleep well.
/me licks Phase4
00,02night SuperBrony64|Zzz
00,02._.
Dat Phasereaction.
Phase4, true- they're more closed down, more..like a virtual china
Phase4: If you care bout the customer, you'll never get anywhere in technical progression
11,02You taste like hate o-o
Well, that's creepy.
11,02Apple is GOOD O-O
But not as creepy as this. http://i.imgur.com/Cv9JU.png
...
Wrek...
11,02What is that?
Apple is good for those who want it, obviously, but they're not like.. hippies running in the field being all open and honest
You sure you playing?
That's an ogre spider.
At least Apple doesn't make you rebuy your OS if you need to reinstall it.
Vordox: This is a video.
I love Apples
As in, from youtube.
11,02And THAT's why I covered my hand over the image...
Oh thank god, Meanwhile
....
LOL.
I bought Windows 7, whenever I reinstall I pay nothing
I'm starting to see a pattern of mechanical and mathematical though proccesses...
Dat kick.
That's hardly a shock image/
thought*
You scared poor SB, Meanwhile. I think it counts. :<
11,02A lot of people don't like spiders ;~;
^
True
SB is scared of his own reflection.
00,02SuperBrony64|Zzz, i have a long list of things that apple products suck but meh
Besides, I got that picture from dari when he posted it in here last night.
ROCKETJUMPING :D
BUY SOME APPLES
Mods get kicked occationally too
00,02also a much shorter list of why android sucks but thats mostly for technical reasons
hehe
Looks liek Dari has some splainin to do.
Everything has bad parts, and you just choose what's the most important to you
It can be debated which one of the two is more evil (Apple vs Microsoft). We can agree that they're both very evil. But in my opinion, Microsoft is worse
So much want to play these games again.
I can't really agree with or use apple products, but that's my perspective
11,02Dari likes insects :<
Spiders aren't insects.
00,02microsoft has been getting less and less evil over time
I don't think Microsoft is evil at all- really
00,02but only part of it
00,02hence windows 8
I mean sure Gates was crazy teenager when they started-
This is an insect. http://i.imgur.com/4xEuq.gif
00,02which doesnt know what it wants to be and sucks all over
hehe
11,02I remember when my Materials professor showed a picture of a spider's face closeup on the large projector screen...I think I nearly passed out ;^;
Phase4: Give back Win 95 but stable.
true, but I don't think W8 is made to replace W7, but to suplement it
Vivix: You obviously never had to deal with having to reinstall Windows.
I have, numerous times Gold_Demona
00,02Vordox, its called 'windows nt'
Phase4: Windows NT?
05waht Vordox, dont think id manage such a perfect run? :P
I payed my license for W7, and I never payed anything more- ever
Oh come on that's not fair.
The amount of pictures Meanwhile has at the ready worries me.
Wrek: I'm not daring you to do it, cause I know you'll do it XD
Vivix: How is it not evil f=to force you to rebuy Windows just to reinstall the damn thing when you have a perfectly legal copy?
00,02Vordox, it went nt->2000->xp->vista->7
to*
Phase4: AH 2000!? GET IT AWAY GET IT AWAY!
Gold_Demona, they didn't to me
00,02nt is the closest thing to 95 that can be called an operating system
How about squid? Is squid alright? http://i.imgur.com/bPd26.png
I think that's either a mixup, or a onetime license or one use license thing
Vivix: I've ALWAYS had to rebuy Windows. How do you manage to dodge it?
which you might get when you buy a computer from dell or something
00,02Vordox, 2000 > vista
GASP
11,02I don't trust clicking on your links again Meanwhile ;^;
I bought it from windows webpage, and I just reinstall it and use the serial I got
You guys want a shock image?
It's only a squid.
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ma6d5nEjKq1ralkmro5_1280.jpg here's one
SuperBrony64|Zzz: you want a more cheerier thing-=
Vivix: We build our computers from parts and buy our own full copies of Windows.
Same here-
00,02CrimsonPhoenix, XD
Serriously, Wrek, do you bhop?
I have no idea why you had to buy it more than once, but I have never had to
Vivix: By logic we should just be able to use the discs we have to reinstall Windows.
When you play CS or CSS?
11,02I don't trust anypony now ;^;
CrimsonPhoenix: That goddamn yeti.
There's no escape on the Yeti monster
NO ESCAPE
yes, of course. I only use one disc that we share in the family, and we use our own licenses and keys
00,02you can move a windows install betwene machines 3 times
....except F
05do i what Ninjazz?
00,02after which you legally need to buy a new copy
Bunnyhop I think he asked.
Wrek, bunny hop.
Vivis: But the activation codes never work more than once, so it's pointless to keep the discs.
Yep.
I don't even own my own disk, only my serial
I use someone elses disk
also best insect http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m9zkw35J0W1rybm7oo2_500.jpg
It's been used like--10 times
We always have to buy new codes, which costs exactly the same as the full disc copy
CrimsonPhoenix: objection. http://i.imgur.com/EEZ1o.jpg
Weird-
Well I haven't changed computer on my own license yet, only reinstalled
but I've never had that problem. I bought the Home premium license foor.. 200 bucks?
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ma7kon5hHP1ro1r3fo1_500.jpg
Beautifull moths
I've gone through several computers since my teenhood. The only time I've never had to spend money to reinstall windows was back when I was still using a pirated copy of Windows 95.
I think I caught Glaze's virus
Weird-
I hate moths. I haven't forgiven that one that flew into my mouth that one time.
I've always built my own computers, but we used a pirate of xp <,< sadly
...
but after xp era we bought everything, never had to repay
Nowadays, any time I reinstall Windows and try to activate it, it says "This code has already been used. Please try another one"
Assuming you killed it, Meanwhile, I don't think anyone should. That's an invasion of privacy.
Weiird-
Should have sued it.
I might have to watch out for that
Ninjazz: I didn't, I don't like to kill bugs unless they're bitey. Or particularly offensive to look at.
Meanwhile, but this one had it coming.
He/She. Was. In. Your. Mouth.
That's an automatic Liscence to Kill.
nemnemnemnem
Vivix: My husband avoids pirated anything like the plague. :P
/me hugs Jmo
/me pats Vivix
I do too, well now that I can afford things I do-
Wrek, do you play Half-Life like this?!
I engaged in mild spastic flailing, but I survived.
Vivix: Yeah, when you can afford it, it's better that way
Ninjazz: No, he gets demolished by walkers.
yeah, you--should have more benefits that way too, but relicense sounds odd to me-
I just wonder why I never got it- since we all share the same cd and all
Lol.
We bought one disk, and 2 licenses outside of it
Vivix: Beats me. All the times I've used legal copies of Windows, I've always had to buy another license key.
/me slightly worried about eventual HDD failure now
Thomas Stubbgard plays way too much Quake.
but yeah, that's not quite alright. If it's supposed to stop you using several windows on one license- but that shouldn't really be a one time use
No such thing as playing too much Quake.
Vivix: Yeah, it would make more sense to me just to prevent installation on a pirated disc like how most games handle it.
yeah
I like how Cubase handles it, you get an eLicense USB, and you just carry that with you
Vivix: heh, interesting
Having the gun in the centre of the screen is very odd.
Those white yeti things look vicious
so you just--install cubase on everything you own, then plug it into the one you are currently using
Vivix: That's cool. It's like an ID key.
Yeah, it's pretty neat
It helps when you're shooting around corners.
Like how the Original actually helps you do that in TF2.
Wait, is Wrek using god mode?
Wrek isn't playing.
Oh
It's a longplay then?
mfw.
Rocket jumping!
I can't use the original in TF2, it's too awkward.
Hey guys!
So Wrek /isn't/ playing? I have seemed to missed something while my lag spiked. -_-
05MadSurge: if you mean the 666 armor
05its a powerup
Allo JunkerKun.
lol, Is that seriously what it's called? 666 Armor?
Hey, JunkerKun.
SATAAN
Hiyo JunkerKun
Whos replay is it?
And no Ninjazz, this is a youtube.
Wrek: like the invincibility sphere but with no visual impairment?
05yeh
Gold_Demona, it's actually called Invincability.
(sp)
Meanwhile, I see. No wonder this looked so well thought out and planned.
lol, Invincibility sphere. Pick up. Film negative everywhere!
hehehe
So intrusive
Wrek's a nerd, but he's not this level of nerd.
05ans this is the SDa's speedrunnign communitys try at 100% every level as fast as possible
Man- I haven't played Quake since..probably the 90s-
maybe I should get it on steam
I still have my disk somewhere.
Speedruns and score getting isn't my kinda thing, but -- that game was fun
Computer's too new to play it correctly though.
Gold_Demona: SO MUCH WHITE AND GREY
MadSurge: Yeah! Somebody develop the film already!
God damn it! Too much for an Adobe Flash Plugin stability =\
Crushed twice already
Ooh who's streaming?
Time for me to go forage up some breakfast. As well as feed my cats who seem to think they're starving/
Is this Quake?
Well, there you go. You're not supposed to be crushing it.
Cats always think they're starving.
Unless you meant "crashed".
Yes, AdamTheDuck.
Gold_Demona: Doom, the silent movie
:D
Cats <3
Ninjazz, yeah, exactly what I meant X)
JunkerKun, :p
One of my cats has learned that scratching windows gets my attention. So he's started jumping onto windows when he wants to get inside-
the noise is horrriible
Ninjazz, I've never got the difference between two of this words =\
And besides, my english sucks
JunkerKun, ah, you're ESL. Pardon me. >.< Crashed in this context means that it failed or didn't execute properly. Crush means when you step on a can or bug.
tl;dr - it dun goofed.
Ninjazz, oh. Now I get it.
^_^
No doubt more times we can count.
than we*
Aww so Wrek
's not actually playing?*
Nope.
nah
Just utubin'.
man the FOV is messing with me
Did I hear a Hotel Mario noise when he went up the windy shaft? :D
Vivix, why? Looks good for me
9 hp.
too sharp
Goodbye everypony!
what is Quake? 75? 70? I can never remember those things
Bye DoctoDoctorWho
Cya, DoctoDoctorWho. Take care.
Vivix, nah. I've alway played with high FOV =)
DoctoDoctorWho, bye!
Hehe I like it--kinda wide and even
Vivix: Oh you. :P
Quake makes me feel like I'm leaning forward and running
Pardon my ignorance, but what is FOV?
Field of view
Vivix, 90 I think
Ah
Vivix, at least by default
Gold_Demona, Field of View, pretty much how far horizontally you can see
ah yes, I always confuse the two ends
Right right. Thank you. ^^
but yeah I think I prefer around 75 or 80
Vivix, Half-Life's FOV =)
yeaah
o.o
... I don't even remember some of these levels.
Vivix, I like about 120. Game looks faster and you actually can see more things on the screen
sometimes, especially in Unreal engine games, I feel like not only the FOV a bit--that ish, but that you can't get close to the walls
Ah yeah, JunkerKun I get that aspect of it- but it stressess mee ouut, it feelsl ike everything is fast
Well, in UE you REALLY can't go close to the walls
I just keep to regular 90 FOV. That should be standard for most games.
I like it lower-
really? UE has like border around walls and such?
Ninjazz, actually, I think it is 75 nowadays
05COD has what
0545?
70 I think
55 I think
05right 55
Whaat?
55
Nice set of answers...
45. 70. 55.
Didn't notice that-
Pick one damnit.
JunkerKun, and that's being generous.
Considering consoles. >_>
05lesser FOV and bigger gun models
Vivix, something like that. I think it is because UE has third person view so models shouldn't cross the walls
05sure you cans ee anythign as the player
05but atleast you can render the game on this old piece of shit console
@Wrek, huh? COD had FOV lesser than 90? O_o
Oh- yeah. It makes sense, but in FPS it makes UDK and UE feel kinda distant to the details, like you can't touch, only see? If that makes sense
Just searched on Google, it's at a fov of 65 on console and pc.
Oh so much, JunkerKun.
Infact, CoD can actually give headaches at just how awkward its FOC is.
FOV*
05JunkerKun: yes
05CODS FOV is disgraceful
I honestly thouht it was higher
because I didn't get sick from playing it-
Vivix, you can get used to it
Me neither, but you can just tell. You don't have ANY peripheral vision.
I only play it like..once every 2 months or so? in average
True
Vivix, well you're right here but... I don't like the idea to stand close to the wall, rubbing it with your nose X)
Depends, do you play on console or PC Vivix ?
Both have the FOV locked.
PC, don't own a console
Consoles need it to function.
Ah yeah-
PC ports are just crap.
Play any other games?
Hehe
05good idea
I play mainly SP games, mainly. some KF and RO2. Borderlands 2 when that gets out
05lets NOT give the PC guys an FOV slider
05casue we are fucktards
Lazy fucktards at that.
Vivix, hell yeah, Borderlands 2!
in Skyrim doing FOV change in ini does not work, so you have to set it in console every time
Ooh Killinf Floor and Red Orchestra!?! YAY
Killing*
Yeah, hehe
My 2 favourite games :D
I prefer SP, but those are what I play now adays when MPing
They're pretty fun games
@Wrek, well, it may be because of some nuances. Like weapon models being lame or something like that
05JunkerKun: then they shouldnt even botehr porting
Is it me or did sound get a bit quieter?
At least chat didn't die :P
@Wrek, money, my friend, if the game is popelar, they will make port of it =) But then again, they can enchance it a bit =/
How can chat die when Quake is on screen?!
JunkerKun, late response, but the closeness to wall depends- in games like Source and Goldsource, it really helps you get that interacting wit hthe worldspawn feel. Jumping and such feel more accurate-
I started listening to Power Ranger theme songs so I've got the sound off anyway.
Interesting choice in song.
Ninjazz, by eating a rocket from rocket launcher? =)
COD is like, it used to be something, but now it's like TF2 in war setting, or hldm in same setting
I love Power Rangers.
Ahh Power Rangers, my childhood...
I like it, but- it's old skool dm in modern setting
Well, the old ones anyway.
JunkerKun, I see how that could kill chat.
More recent Power Rangers suck.
I didn't say it was a bad song. Just interesting.
I'm listening to Unlistenable- finally on spotify
Vivix, you too think that COD became s**tty after MW1?
The album that got Steel pole kicked off their label- despite sounding like it would be a massive hit in alterna world
JunkerKun, well, I've only palyed MW1 of the new ones, so MAYBE hehe
I think they made so many MW's because of the single player campaign? But I haven't tried those-
JunkerKun, CoD died for me after the 3rd one... Loved the first two though :3
COD gets a loot of unneeded hipster hate though
I mean disliking it is one thing, obviously
but sometimes people hate on it for the most bizarre reasons-
I'd say the worst thing about CoD is the majority of people who play it.
Vivix, yeah, but their SP story and such is a piece of s**t.
True-
Though I've had way friendlier experiencer in cod than Ro2 or BF3, on the servers
JunkerKun, ah? Well, maybe I'll skip the sp on those, hehe
AdamTheDuck, COD3... don't even remind...
Uhh, BF3 community is just as bad in my opinon :/
05games liek cod and BF3 shouldnt even bother with the SP. but they do and theyre disgusting
05focus on the MP
It's a good game, but the crowd is so angry and "realism is only way!"
Kinda, I loved BC2 SP
05and keep the trash away from me
@Wrek, are they? I thought BF3 SP was pretty good
JunkerKun, NOOO
NO IT WAS HORRIBAD
Either way, CoD actually had a better SP than BF3. Even though both sucked, one actually didn't suck as hard.
Aah
but yeah, I'm all for more SP, as--MP isn't my preference
AdamTheDuck, hm... well, played it only half of an hour, on GAIKAI =)
Only reason I bought BF3 was my friends, and honestly-
I didn't really enjoy playing it
If I tried to run it on my laptop, it would just explode
I only wanted BF3 because of Jets.
Sweet, sweet jets.
Hehe
I like driving around
but- yeah I didn't really enjoy the multiplayer experience
05was it bf2 that signed with destructible buildings?
05bf3^
I would have loved the Helicopters but they made them almost too awkward to fly.
Wrek, yup.
bf3 said they would have tons of it, which was kinda nice but it didn't have enough
05and this is prominent in the multiplayer aswell?
Wrek, EA lied, destructable buildings but half the buildings don't even fall.
@Wrek, wasn't it Red Faction 1 =)
Wrek: Go Medal of honour
no it's only prominent on select maps
05HAH
Wrek, it's neat looking, atleast.
05love it
"It would ruin the player flow if the entire map was leveled" which I feel..is just augh
I want to level the map! I want to walk around in mud and cinderblocks when the battle is over
let me do it!
Except it's not always tactically wise to level buildings.
Only the vehicular building have destruction.
tactic smactic
in bf3 I never played with a single team that bothered with that-
Doesn't take a team to think tactically.
and since the game kinda relies on it, it kinda--was no fun
Teamwork? In my game? Non-sense!
SPRAY AND PRAY.
Hehe
Vivix, ikr
I like it when it works- but it just didn't happen
Ikr. The other day on TF2, our team had 6 spies out of 10 players.
Meanwhile, actually, it is. Tactics changes dramatically depending on buildings. And if you destroy enemy's buildings...
God I remember the first time playing Red Orchestra
and yeah leveling the entire city would be so cool- just ruined battlefield trying to win
05which is why i love planetside so much so far
05the teamwork actually works
So much want for Planetside.
JunkerKun: And where is your cover once you gain that ground?
It looks SO promising.
Not sure what planetside is
05Vivix
all I can think of are giant turtles and old RPGs
Vivix, MMO FPS.
05ill be streamign it again once the beta servers are back up
Ooh-
Meanwhile, well... Okay, you got me here =)
Eh. I'll shut up and let Wrek demonstrate.
Vivix, new game, very large maps and player count, 200ish a side I think
Nice
05AdamTheDuck: actually its unlimited so far
Can't remember the exact details but they were in the hundreds
05but they can handle fors ure 200 a side ish
Holy shit unlimited?
but yeah look at ARMA for an example on how realism can--make multiplayer and community unpleasant for average gamers
ARMA is an experience.
Not a game.
yeah-
How do the teams in Planetside work?
But I like the ArmA experience :<
I kinda like it
@Wrek, unlimited? First one had 200 and I thought it is the maximum they can have
Not saying it's bad.
05like "we KNOW we can handle 200 a side, but the game has no physical limit
Just that don't expect to just jump in and have fun.
Does it assign you a team on character creation and then lock your character to the team?
05but theres a point where the code needs ooptimizing
but the sp didn't work at all, in either Armas, like.. AT ALL, and all the cars feel like they were written in 2001- no physics- outdated stuff-
05as for hwo teams work
it's--kinda terrible
053 factiosn
05imagine 200 a side
Figured that much out, I'm thinking more of keeping the teams balanced.
05some drive the tank divisions
I think MAG was the closest thing to this. Atleast the closest thing I can compare.
05some use the figther ships
05then there's dropships
Mobile Infantry wooooooot!
05its easier to understand if you see it
Indeed.
05everythign is player controlled
no npc? mmmm I like
05you can have squads
Ninjazz, bleh. I still can't understand how they doing headshots with a gamepad
05squads have tehir own voice chat
Though, I don't play MMO's, more player controll create for interesting events in mmo worlds
I have returned, and I have foraged eggs and toast. :D
I'm still curious to seeing how the teamwork will roll out in Planetside considering the amount of players.
05JunkerKun: easy, its called aim assist
05all consoel games have it
05that are fps
05heck some of them even has it on the PC ports
05and YOU CANT DISABLE IT
@Wrek, yes, but it doesn't helped me when I played D=
I love aim assist. I have terrible aim. =/
JunkerKun, as a person who has ashamedly played BF3 and CoD to death on the console, I will tell you. 40% luck, 40% practice, 20% game knowledge.
I think FPS on console is awkward- but I grew up with computers
o.o
I remember HL1 had aim assist
Welcome back Gold_Demona
and you could turn it on and off
Also, aim assist.
05build in hackign if you ask me
But I turned that off.
Ninjazz, well then they had to be the luckiest duded in the universe =O
Wrek hehe true
Wrek: Do you choose tank/air/infantry on character or is it dynamic?
Sometimes, you /can't/ even turn it off.
*dudes
05Meanwhile: you first can pick your class depending on whats needed and your playstyle
Vivix: Same here. I've only played a few FPS on consoles, including um... What was that one on N64 with the dude that ran around shooting dinosaurs... Turok?
05then if you want to pilot a dropship then go ahead
Gold_Demona, Turok, yeah
Tuurok? Oh yeah I remember that.
JunkerKun, it's not too hard actually. Sure the gamepad isn't as accurate as the mouse, but it just takes a bit more planning.
that and dinosaur hunter-
Turok?
Turok was fun. Never got very far in it though. :P
anyway yeah, games like GTA and Mafia 2 on console is nice- but give me fps, and I will rotate in a corner while trying to walk for like 15 minutes
Hey Everypony! :)
Hey DerpDash
Hello, DerpDash.
Ninjazz, yeah, and then I've tried PS Move... I tried to hang myself after that...
Hiyo DerpDash
Hello DerpDash
See if that's the case Planetside really sounds like a game that could play well with some form of Commander system.
DerpDash, hello!
JunkerKun, perhaps it was best not playing a FPS on the PSMove. ^_^;
whos streaming?
/me licks Jmo "I'm still going to lick you" :P
Wrek.
DAT QUICK FINISH.
you can connect mouse and keyboard to ps3 for typing and surfin, but can you use it in games?
ah ok
Ninjazz, yeah, I know. But hey, it worked fine in Resistance 3
You're an arsehat AdamTheDuck.
I love you too Jmo
So much love in this chat today. :D
JunkerKun, Mmmm. People have told me that they prefer the Move controls over the gamesticks though.
$40 :<
Awwww, yeah. Planetside time.
Damn...
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
$40 for what AdamTheDuck?
Thing is, the average schmuck isn't likely to listen to a commander.
Ninjazz, I don't know. It depends on your position and your screen to much
Oh cool
Jmo, Planetside Alpha squad premium or something
Ah
Do shit? There's a place for that. :P
JunkerKun, that's why I just stick to the gamesticks instead of movement gaming.
05Meanwhile: so far in beta
05they far in beta they did listen
Anyone gonna buy the Guild Wars 2?
05each squad has a squad leader
05most often the dropship pilot
JunkerKun, already go it :P
My main is already max level in Guild Wars 2.
OH! So it's like Battlefield 2 instead of BF3.
AdamTheDuck, =8O
05as i understand GW2 istn about leveling
Nope :< haven't played much due to school
It's not. It's very swift levelling. Thing is I personally have yet to find out what it actually /is/ about -_^
AdamTheDuck, I'm still waiting for sells to start in Russia. They should adapt price and we should get it a little cheapier
I think I heard people say GW2 is about PVP with unrelated story snippets pasted in-
SC2! Yay~
Wrek: But what I mean is faction Command. You know, someone to co-ordinate squad movements on the bigger scale.
at least that's what the description sounded like
Is it strange that I actually play GW2 for the story? o.o
Maaaybe AdamTheDuck
You're strange already, what's the point AdamTheDuck
AdamTheDuck, why not? I've played first one for the story too
:>
I only heard the description, the stories sounded like I wanted to hear more, but that you weren't told more
We meet again my doppelganger, AdamTh3Walker. :|
I have yet to actually try GW2 PvP.
But hey, I've played with friends =D
O hai :3
I don't play MMOs, so I only know it by proxy
/me sings along with Wrek
AdamTheDuck, how are things?
I am tempted to rename myself AdamTheDeer or something-
Everything is awesome AdamTh3Walker, just played Guns of Icarus for the first time as captain and damn that was hectic. :D
Oh man
I'm such in a cheery mood :3
I still haven't played that, actually
Guns of Icarus is quite fun.
It sounds so fun
AdamTheDuck, daaw... I wanted to play too, but thee were no players =(
But yeah, moral of the story, never let a player called AdamTheDuck play as captain in that game. Ever.
Vivix, why deer? O_o
Terrible disaster?
I just like Deer-
so cute
lol
but you know, barage of Adams
:3
/me opens Steam and looks it up
HELLO!
AdamTheDuck, you've killed the whole team?
I like ducks because there was this duck in an Antarctica documentary that ate scavenged seal meat
I AM BACK
!
Ducks snapped after my finger once
suddenly kinda scary
AdamTheDuck, D=? Duck ate seal meat? O_O
JunkerKun, crashed my ship into the enemy but the team understood I was new :P
/me snickers
Yeah it was strange :D
AdamTheDuck, lol. When are they going to release the game and end this beta anyway?
So who is streaming?
Wasn't much else to eat so it started eating seal
Our little Wrekkie
k thanks
JunkerKun, Game releases in 2 weeks at the start of October
this is starcraft right?
yeah
I assume beta will end just before game is released
not so sure on exact closing date for beta.
AdamTheDuck, oh, cool. I guess I'll be able to finally play then =)
brb~
2 days 3 hours 12 minutes 35 seconds
and stream won't load -_-
brb
how do we join diffrent rooms again?
we can only do that on moview night and episode showings
nvm
or well- if you don't mean the siderooms its /join whateverchannel
Heya everypony
Sonny, hey!
Allo Sonny.
:3
Wednesday today so half a day school
ftw
:D
Sonny, and I have a day off today! =D
nice :)
Though I have a driving license exam in three hours -__-
Good luck
Thanks. Though it's only theory today. Not sure if I will pass
More Starcraft!
You know... actually I'm going to go prepare for exam. Like repeating answers and all that. See ya later
Good plan
See ya
Cya, JunkerKun. Take care.
JunkerKun: break a leg!
I return from afk and am greeted with Wrek's awesome taste in music. =D
Wb Gold_Demona!
Welcome back.
So what's this game mod's objective?
Welcome back Gold_Demona
Damn I killed chat :<
no ou didn't
you*
/me kills bronystate
Now I did :3
:o
I think I will begin working on my Nuzlocke comic now. My PC is looking lonely not doing anything.
well...
btw I'm drawing again
fuck
/me ded
/me arrests AdamTheDuck for murder.
Huzzah~
to anyone who wants to see the finished pm me later
Khhhhaaaaaaannnnnn~
you.....
Sonny, what are you drawing?
killed it..
a sundown with twilight watching a great view
(spoil spoil spoil)
/me stares at you with a twisted head as a deformed smile becomes apparent
AdamTheDuck: O_O
I'm really liking the sound of that
anyway back to drawing
Not the creepy smile
lol ^
The drawing :P
When you start saying "you" instead of the name of the person, that's probably the border line.
Also, Sonny, that sounds lovely.
Hi bronystate.
Hey, FillyFlam.
Hiyo FillyFlam
Ye I'm trying to make it awesome so ye :D
Hello FillyFlam
'ello FillyFlam
thanks
ye
Yeah link it up Sonny
Linkage plz. :3
:P
uhm but ti's not done yet :)
I wanna see what else you got in the meantime. =)
I just wanna see your work
And add you to my watch
And give you a llama
started a little while ago
llaaamaaa
I love giving people llamas
Llama for you. :D
Here's a llama and a llama and another little llama, llama, llama, llama, llama, llama, llama, duck.
Points if you get that.
I do
I do not. No points for me. :P
Da Llama Song.
Spaceborn pone :3
borne*
/me throws some points at Jmo.
Gold_Demona: I'd like that Lama now :)
Sonny: I gave you one. Check yer inbox.
Damn llama just wants to become a duck.
ok :p
wow
°-°
nvm
<_<
:P
Llama! :D
I need to draw more ponies
BWahahaHAHA xD you litturally gave me one
lol
don't know what it's for but thanks xp
I told you! :D
Haha you thought we were joking Sonny ? :P
xD
ye lol :p
anyhow got a drawing to draw
call me when you need me ^^
To be perfectly honest, the llamas don't really serve any purpose other than to look pretty on your profile and show how many people gave you llamas. :P
lol ok xp
But I think they're a lot of fun, so I give everybody llamas whenever I can. :D
Whether they want one of not. :P
bwahaha xD alright
h
SPAI :|
Dat Wrek bad mouth :P
He's doing something in another channel.
The Jow is a spai?
ded chat
/me attempts to revive chat Gears of War style
GET THE FUCK BACK INTO BATTLE
wat
22nd
22nD~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What's happening on the 22nd? 6_9
He's attempting to troll date again.
Oh right
no
But we have good ol' Tom
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
Sure you did.
But... Tom...
Tom never lies. D:<
^
He will not threaten to murder you.
inb4 skynet
Skainet
You mean Google?
Wait don't you mean Apple?
Cleverbot?
Hmm... What if we hook up one cleverbot with another cleverbot?...
Cleverbot only tells you what you want to hear
Don't trust it
:P
Hey everypony
Hello Ponies47 :3
Didn't Honda make a learning robot once?
Hiyo Ponies47
Gold_Demona, did it become self aware? o.o
AdamTheDuck: If it did, they're keeping it very hush hush. >.>
I wonder if Honda ever considered trying to make a mobile suit. :P
I'd buy a Honda mobile suit.
If I were rich
Maybe Gold_Demona is involved in the scheme.
Trying to fool us asll.
all*
...... >_>
^ conspiracies :O
Observing us and collecting intelligence for the robots.
/me invites Jmo over for... tea.
Never ;~;
How about cake?
Muffins or gtfo.
05gotta do shit
Ok Muffins
05back in an hour or so<3
Yay Muffins <3
Bai Wrek
Later, Wrek
Alright, bye Wrek :P
Thanks, Wrek. Take care.
Later Wrek
Muuufffinnss
See ya
I'm gonna leave for work in about twenty minutes or so
Bye AdamTh3Walker
Cya, AdamTh3Walker. Take care.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bTR9xLhC2nM Yay for string instrumental music spliced with chiptune!~
Oh my god Gold_Demona, dat companion cube.
How long did it take to make that ;~;
A couple months, I think
Daamn
Companion cube? Ooh let me see :3
It was my very first actual crochet project. And I'm very proud of it. :3
http://fav.me/d4hzzm2
Tis very good
Here it be
My plushie took claim of it though. It belongs to him now. :P
Whoa
Dat plushie's hat :3
Something about hats that facinate me for some reason :D
Ponies48, SPAI :<
:O I spy real life Gold_Demona!
MadSurge: LOL, yup. Ya caught me. XP
Hehe, a domo plushie
Chat derped :<
Me = Huge dork
Gold_Demona: and I'm happy to see your self portrait is accurate :D
I try. =)
I could probably do better, though
I need to fix something in my art style.
Oi, Gold_Demona. We're all dorks/nerds/geeks in here.
Also, dat CC plushing.
Ninjazz: True dat. That's why I come here every day. lol
AND DAT LUPIN III figure!
Gold_Demona, lol same. (
(\
/)
Computer, do me a favor and work properlu.
lol, Yes dat Lupin Figure. Explaining his latest scheme to the Jigen figure across the table from him. :P
Whose legs are in the shot
Oh. Him and his dramatic explainations.
Gotta have the wind blowing while he's explaining.
Explosions?
Explosions.
Loud Noises.
And car chases
Nom nom noms
Vroom vroom.
Gold_Demona: is the DS game Spectrobots? :D
C-c-c-combo breaker!
MadSurge: Nope, It's SoulSilver
Sif not recognise Pokemon >>
Gold_Demona: :D I only Bave black
*have
It's not a good picture, but Lugia's head is in the shot
Can't see shit DX
/me wishes she had a real camera and didn't have to rely on phone and Mac to take pictures of things. @_@
Also, just because it's funny. http://gold-demona.tumblr.com/post/18085288551
DAT SWEETIE BELLE! <3
dat dead chat
/me takes Hat and puts it on his head
Come on, I can't be the only one here with crap to show off. :P
o.o
I want Bunnystate to stream Adventure Time
Here have some Adventure Time awesomeness http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrcT7sseLZI
http://i.imgur.com/cxSgl.gif
I give you diabeetus.
Nuuuuu! It took me forever to get that bacon pancakes song out of my head! D:
:P
Adventure Time? (I'm not gonna hate. I'm not gonna hate)
It's hard to find on Youtube
There was someone uploading episodes two days ago but they were getting taken down while I was getting them
Come along with me to a town beside the seeeeaaaa~
We can wander through through the forest and do so as we please~
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJczYn2dvm4 if only my stupid iPhone can set up custom ringtones...
I have Lemongrab as my alarm clock
I'm not gonna rant about Cartoon Network. I'm not gonna rant about new Cartoon Network
/me Explodes
Well I think I found my new alarm clock http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=407FDgVcqc4
/me Respawns
Time for school :<
mica
Later everypony
:< bye Ponies47
sumi
Cya, Ponies47. Take care.
Are the episodes only about 12 minutes long, the ending is either cut off or the credits deleted
That feel when you solo a group event on GW2.
/me Exits the chat room and flips a table on the way out
Dat forever alone feel when you solo a group even in GW2.
Pucker up princess.
Ikr. Still early, not many people about.
Still, I take some pride in beating 10 opponents by myself.
You people and your GW2s.
Me and my connection.
And now for something completely different. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ON2xo5tRhKo
o.o
the quiet is...very quiet
Dead chat is dead. o_o
/me plays ded
love you all
<3
/me hugs Sonny
:)
We love you too Sonny. =)
wub you too, Sonny
wubs for everypony
:)
CHAT IS DEAD *points a corncob cannon towards it*
I'm drawing so I'll be afk just tag me and I'll respond or ping me or whatever v:p
Do you know what Vinyl Scratch does with wubs? She drops 'em. o_o
:o
Gold_Demona: And she does it so well too
Not the wubs! :<
That she does
05time to see if the servers are up
Why do I want this played at my funeral? o.o http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GO6ZnZ0Y6qU
YAY!
Oh Wrek is back. :D
annnnnd welcome back Wrek
wb, Wrek
Drat. I was gonna post more youtube links. :P
Oh well
05at my funeral i want to be twung into a tree
inb4 Fluttershy joke.
"I want to be a t-" darnit, Ninjazz
05nope servers are still dwon
05more sc2!
Yay more StarCraft!
Oh come on.
Yay!
:D
/me closes youtube and continues drawing instead.
The Youtube was taking me away from my comic anyhoots. :P
Damn youtube. ;~;
Ah, YouTube, world's second most prolific distraction.
Next to Bronystate of course.
Ninjazz, That and Tumblr. :P
Gold_Demona, especially those.
Gold_Demona: all those indeed. I waste so much time :D
Me too... It's a wonder I get anything done around here. =/
^
Sounds like the makings of a good day, Wrek. =)
Tea... Earl Gray... Hot
I could go for some sweet tea, myself...but too early, truly
I'm drinking coffee myself.
Coffee... hot... geewwd.
Yersh
/me does not drink coffee
Gold_Demona, delightful!
im singled out! >.<
Coffee's not for everyone, and neither is tea. It's all a matter of taste, and we do not judge here. :3
yay~
/me hugs Gold_Demona
This is where I come in and say "Why not both?"
^ :P
Ninjazz: Por que no los dos? :D
Gold_Demona, nein!
D:
Mios dio!
lol XD
Gold_Demona: Ah, esta chica quiere hablar espanol!
But yeah, Gold_Demona, Si, que no los dos? :3
MadSurge: I was quoting a taco bell commercial actually, but lol XD
:D
Gold_Demona: how come you learned spanish?
"?Por que no los dos?"
Donde, esta, la biblioteca
MadSurge: Because my mommy and my daddy are both from Colombia and spoke mostly Spanish to me. :P
Me llamo T bone la arana discoteca!
Je suis une bibliotheque! :D
So my native tongue is Spanglish
I hate libraries.
Gold_Demona: oh, sweet!
MadSurge is a French library. Gotcha
Uhh what was the rest of the song?...
I hate the water.
Gold_Demona: my dad spoke a lot of english... and all videogames were in english :D
My parents spoke mostly Spanish to me, and the TV and video games spoke English to me, so yeah. Spanglish. :P
You know what I don't hate... I don`t hate vests
Vasts are cool
I hate Steam.
vests*
Why do you hate Steam?
I mean I love! I love Steam!
Ok then, lol
Mondays :| I loathe thee to kingdom come
L4D ref.
:D
AdamTheDuck: You and Garfield have something in common. :P
So is the primary goal just to survive waves upon waves of zerg?
i think so, AdamTh3Walker
* AdamTheDuck
:P
shush, im still waking up :P
/me dunks Sylandest into a vat of caffeine
Awake yet?
Gold_Demona: what-no-mggrgrgrgrgrle! *tries to speak in vat of caffeine*
lol :D
I wonder what pure caffeine looks and tastes like
AdamTheDuck: id imagine not very pleasant :$
It's probably one of those colorless flavorless critters
A chemical they just add to things.
still, a whole vat of the stuff?
not very pleasant
lol, I imagine not. XD
dunno if you'd get any energy intake from it though...
Your heart would probably explode before the energy effect kicks in. XD
Having THAT much caffeine in your system
or it would morph you into some sort of energy fiend
depends on your caffeine immunity
Caffeineman!
"Like an adrenaline shot straight to the heart"~
that would kill you
Gold_Demona: boosting people's mornings, one cup at a time? :D
Sylandest: Yes!
Boooom explosions yay
loving this music...its perfect for this quiet morning in my dorm lobby
Well I'm going to bed now, thanks for the stream Wrek and goodnight BronyState :)
night, AdamTheDuck
Night AdamTh3Walker
FFF
Night AdamTheDuck
Gnight, AdamTheDuck. Sleep well.
Goodnight :P
I'm heading out too, but I'll be back tonight
Later guys
lol, laters AdamTh3Walker
Hey, Slurry.
03 hey
morning, SlurryMoon
03 morning
Hiyo SlurryMoon
Hello SlurryMoon!
midday here
:p
9:22am over here
4 minutes 26 seconds
thats probably the deadest ive seen yet
heh
4 mins between comments i mean
and that unit is goddamn creepy
Hey Wrek, what band is this?
To all those who are intrested I added somthing to the drawing that you might like :')
Sonny: oh? *peeks over to see*
to bad that doesn't work :D
phooey...
You wont notice it right away, but I'm adding ALOT of detail to my drawing (in the hope it'll all fit together) and when you're looking at the detail you might find...
somthing suprising
:)...
<_< >_>
Morning guys
yo guys
Hiyo Moopy
Just in case you might not know what I added I'm gonna add waldo to my drawing xD
hi Moopy
hi
hey Moopy
Mornin' Moopy
hi Eli
hi yall
Hiyo Eli
Moopy: still morning... lucky you :P
ha ha
I woke up around 8:39
I woke up at 5:30... but now it's like 3:30 pm :P
sense my step dad is not home im going to take up all the bandwith
same here eli O_O
;)
brohoofs Eli /)*(\
I hear...good music
our timezone sux, right Sonny?
yup
eeyup so were going to take up the bandwith in 3........2........1......GO!
I mean, eeeeeyyup
well time for me to head to school bye everypony
Sylandest: not my type of music :P
Don't get in trouble
I'm gonna give you guys a hint what I added to my drawing
*Always watches* *No eyes*
<_< >_>
god?
slenderman?
...<_<
maby...
Ceiling cat.
no
:p
:<
since there is no sealing so yeah
im going to be on my xbox if anypony needs me just ping me and i will come up to the screen aight
Moopy: i don't need you. just wanted to see you running :P
so, what is this mod called and what's going on in there?
wow really Eli really
anyone?
Moopy: leave me be... i'm bored
Wow you would tell me that yeah you would........you would
Moopy: i have no idea what you're talking about. but yeah. i would
Booooo!
/me Gives both Moopy and Eli a hug
:)
thanks
/me hugs Sonny back
Hugs for everypony! :)
:D
/me hugs everypony that he can hug
I'll be finishing slend- I mean my drawing now
<_<
Gold_Demona: and brohooves! don't forget the brohooves
Ofc Eli
And muffins
Gold_Demona: yes. muffins.
it's so silent here...
wut
More hugs please :)
I'm currently making art stuffs whilst I listen to the stream.
you could tell me what the mod there is called
that would make it lsightly less silent^^
probably Phase4
If it's still SC2, it's Wrek.
Yeahhhh
Ninjazz: the mod. not the moderator
as in, game
like, modification
not basegame
get my drift?
Ah. Ahaha. Okay, sorry. ^^;
lol, so the mod, not the mod. :P
Yeah.
soooo, nobody knows?
nope
Well, I don't.
Seems like holding off type of mod with waves
I don't either. Wrek did not inform us.
Do you guys even have school or...?
Sonny: it's already over :P
semester break
alright
eli k :p
I stopped doing school years ago. :P
If university is considered school...
I don't know about other countrys, but we usually have wednesday afternoon free
I'd call it schoo. Cuz you're still getting educated.
school*
Gold_Demona: not if he's a teacher :P
True. Then it's called work, not school. XP
PPFFFFFFFFTTTTT ME A TEACHER
advanced technological college. not university
same difference actually
I'd be worse than Cherilee :D
but it'S called school^^
It's still school
Meh, if you got to university, most people call it uni, not school.
go*
You learn there
At least in the UK anyway
Education ho
Hey Sylandest
dabi pls
jaymoo pls
<3
Well, just talking about it in regular conversation, yeah I'd call it what it is. College, University, etc. Or even just class.
<3
What time is it in Australia?
Ohai
I'd say early
9:52PM
Or v late
Which day?
Wednesday
Dafuck
ALmost midnight.
Wednesday night over there. Wednesday morning over here.
Your time zones
West cost then
Bingo.
East coast/NZ ist my normal dealing
11:53PM Wednesday on the east side.
Gold_Demona: and wednesday afternoon here :D
We've got the whole day right here in this chat. :D
So we share the same timezone, Jmo?
I dunno, do we?
Gold_Demona: eeyup :D
8+GMT
Ah. Gmt+10.
Almost.
Lul
wrek i has doom on my psp
Hisao, don't be doing any extra work that heart can't handle.
I know some guy in Australia
Who has a shitload of huge lasers
And he puts on laser shows
XD
He has some cool shit
Of course not. Besides, I might startle Hanako if I overexert myself.
Hisao, just take your meds, lad. >_>
orly dabi
Ohai DWR
yus jaymoo
proof or it nevar happened
Dat dari.
i find it u c
Ohai Meanwhile
k
i b w8ting
Oi that reminds me, I got kicked by Super earlier for linking your ugly spider from last night.
He called it a shock pic, lol. I thought it was cute. :P
I swear 50 years ago a man would get laughed at for being scared of spiders
Say that while the fucker is crawling up your leg.
yup
I eat them
they're tasty
I don't like spiders.
I don't freak out, but I stay well away.
Same here Hisao
Anything with legs longer than its body freaks me out.
And just 10 to 20 years ago you would get ostracized for liking MLP and being a man.
Funny how the world works.
Did you know that in an avarage human life the person is about 1m away from a spider his/her intire life?
Ninjazz: If ANYTHING is crawling up my leg, I freak out. Unless I know immediately it's not something that'll bite me.
just a fun fact that I know from Vsauce ^^
hey jaymoo
is that 1 meter or 1 mile Sonny? XD
sup dabi
I tol u he has cool shit
Dats made with some crazy laser shit
lul
And it's on his wall
dabi pls
I bet it is a meter. Stalker spiders.
u lai
one meter Barbetos|AtWork :)
lol
No
He lives in Wodonga
In Australia
Oh man that is funny.
:P
Thanks for telling me where he lives. <3
Lul
Lasers shall be mine.
You try it
He'll laser you to death
pewpew
ded
;~;
How big is that, Dari?
I dunno
I'd have to ask him
Heh. Colorful as hell though. Bet he throws raves every night.
I know I would.
Even if it would just be me. ;_;
Waddafuck
I don't even want to consider how much money he spent on lasers
LOl
It's a laser spirograph! o_o
...How is that even possible?...
Heyo
With crazy laser shit anything is possible
Good ol bronystate
'ello der, Mishia.
Hiyo Mishia
And that's the projector.
He could double rainbows anytime he want to.
Hell, quad rainbows.
RDWH
Ninjazz: MFW quadruple rainbows
Rainbow Dash was here :p
Laser + smoke
morning, who's streaming?
= Holy shit
daaaamn
dem lazars
Sheeet.
who is streamiNG?
hoi Dermathil and wrek is
Wrek.
Also, hai, Dermathil.
Ninjazz: have you seen rarilicious?
Did you guys know that 'laser' is actually an acronym? I only found that out the other day
twilight_sprinkle, IT'S OOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUT?!
yes I knew that, dari. Forgot for what though.
I didn't.
light amplified
must b dabi
i forgot the rest..
I just thought it was just amplified light.
Wikipedia is my friend
Light Amplification by Stimulated Emission of Radiation
:P
hehehe
22nd
anyways, hey Dari
Hey
how are you man?
Pretty good thanks, you Derm?
Ninjazz: its not called rarilicious tho
twilight_sprinkle: Yeah
With wikipedia, dabi can know how anything works.
Hey, chat's coming to life now. =D
A mirror that photons can partially pass through
was my 18th birthday on the 10th
And a mirror that full reflects them
twilight_sprinkle, was it that special message she sent?
Oh, happy belated b-day, Dermathil.
thx
Ninjazz: yeh
twilight_sprinkle, had that on repeat for hours.
Ninjazz: done by none other than Tabitha it would seem
Ninjazz: lol
I gots my planetside key from the IGN thingy. So happy (still hate IGN)
waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?!
Is this a star craft2 mod or something?
I thought it was the animator's sister...
Freakin' Tabitha herself...
Ninjazz: well he didnt say for sure, but there are strong hints that she did. plus ive yet to hear a fan VA with her voice
twilight_sprinkle, that's why i was so impressed.
It would make sense if Tabitha made it herself.
But if someone else could actually get the voice down, so much demand for that one person.
Ninjazz: ikr
Dayum that's cool
So shiny.
twilight_sprinkle, this I will watch closely.
Twili
:)
so who is streaming?
Just imagine those lights on a wall 100ft. tall.
So.... awesome.
Wrek, btw.
Dari, It seems that Richard III's body has been found
Cool
Wut
Ihave to do the dishes
be back later
<3
I thought it was SuperBrony64..... but he is sleeping o~o
He is just that good.
He was the last english king to die in battle, dari.
Dermathil: they found his body?
But how did they know where to look?
Surely the battle field is pretty large
They might have not
well, they have strong evidence that they found it.
Known
Was he the one who's meant to be buried in a pub car park?
Dermathil: link? or is this on news?
They found it by accdient/ found in the search
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/history/9537600/Strong-evidence-Richard-IIIs-body-has-been-found-with-a-curved-spine.html
he was a hunchback!
Wait wait wait.
XD
Richard the 3rd?
yus
Didn't he drown in a river?
....?
nope, Ninjazz
o~o hey i woudn't know. Ima just a freshman learning about WW2 in History
Pretty much.
...lol Tom Hanks made the memorial service for Michael Clarke Duncan laugh quite a bit.
Cause, you know Dari, MURIKA.
Dermathil: i'm actually more surprised about the 2 knights at the ruins...
Oh wait
Lol you ment 2
NVM XD
Well to be fair, they obviously did help
But as has been said the USSR was the major player pretty much
Wait
Not anymore. Now we actively seek them out and look like assholes while we do it.
I just like to imagine we just came in after everyone was tired of fighting.
Eeyup
Made things easier.
/me blinks as the chat has changed from Rarilicious's voice actor to Richard III to WW2
I am confuzzled...
I R Murican
I think we just wanted to get to Japan.
Sylandest it will be okay.
But had to get rid of the European theatre first.
Barbetos|AtWork: but I iz scared! >.<
Definately.
That's how I understood it. We joined in cuz Japan bombed our shtuff and we said "Oh no you Di'n't!"
true.
XD
I mean, USSR was pretty much bound to win after Stalingrad failed.
......
>_>
...
LOL
Yeah, that's in poor taste
Not cool.
Eli, well, it was that or wipe out all of Japan. They were ready to fight to the bitter end.
They already MORE than paid for Pearl Harbor with the 2 A-bombs we dropped on them.
But, I have to say that if we could have forseen the future, I don't think we would have dropped the bombs.
I'm sure there's probably a comment on a 9/11 video somewhere "That's just for being cunts"
Ninjazz: nope. Japan had already accepted all of the terms. They threw the bombs to prove a point
Fair enough Meanwhile
You're probably right
Not cool. din't they do somthing so terrible as to Japan 2 Atomic Bombs? and then they still hold a gruge about it :<
Eli, and you found this where?
XD
I have to agree, Meanwhile. And I live here
Ninjazz: in a long intresting talk with a critical history teacher.
I live on a territory and I agree.
About 2200 people died in that attack
Meanwhile I blame the <insert racial slur here>
._.
And up to 200,000 people died in Japan after they dropped the atomic bombs.
The response doesn't really seem proportional
Great job KnifeH
It doesn't matter the cost, it's the fact that they attacked, Dari.
Jmo: X3
appearantly, all of those seemed to conveniently forget that japan was nukes in response to pearl harbor
People do things in war that don't make any sense.
*nuked
Which is just silly.
KnifeH: most impressive. well done!
Ninjazz: i don't say the US is bad for something they did almost 70 years ago, but it's fact that Japan was ready to accept the terms and give up. But since the USSR was really close to taking over all of Japan, the bombs were thrown anyways, to "claim" Japan by the US
Kammerjunk, and in very poor taste.
Ninjazz: Quite.
People are just stupid is all. >=/
^
Kammerjunk: din't they get their just desserts from an already cruel dropping of atomic bombs?
Eli, ... I find that hard to believe but I can see why it'd be done.
05that went ratehr well
Wrek: what'S that mod called?
05i had my defended little city
05its called epire builder
Mishia: Even if the bombs hadn't be dropped, it would still be a stupid thing to say.
lol, that conversational deja vu
:O
[15:27] <Gold_Demona> People do things in war that don't make any sense. | Yeah, I guess you're right
I dont hate japan. They are awesome, and i still feel sad for them.
i might reinstall starcraft for that
Ninjazz: it was political, sadly. but yeah, warcrimes. no one ever does anything about it.
05lets check if the servers are up yet
Kammerjunk: it is. you could have said somthing more comferting
Eli, damn right.
Planet Side 2 withdrawal?
Oh?
Update?
Again?
Mmmm, tea
Wrek can i have some tea
Pweeeeeeeee
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
"History is written by the victors" -Churchill
seeeeeeeeeeeeeeee?
Wrek have you been using your Cert points?
Eli: Victors Justice?
Wrek: Nice Streaming :)
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees.
forever a 30%
Lol
Nooooooooooooooooooooooo.
and then it got 100% cooler???
=P
Hopefully it does Wrek
Hopefully it does....
/me yawns because of Wrek's yawn
Oh my
>British man wins tennis open in 1912
blue dead guy in spawn is never a good sign.
>World War I 2 years later
Mishia: something like that yeah... Sad fact: It's a good thing the US showed the power of the bomb. because of that, they had a certain power and could "take over" europe and make it a capitalism economy. i would hate to live in a communist society, so every bad thing can end well too
lol!
well, at least we didnt start that one
owned
Looks great.
>British man wins tennis open in 1936
>World War II 3 years later
>Andy Murray wins tennis open 2012
whoops
...
...partytime!
>World War III starts 4 years later in 2016?
...so it's God's punishmeant to the world for Britain winning.
Seems legit.
I forgot to hug Baretos and wrek
i'd say we let russia go first this time
/me Hugs Baretos, then Wrek
or china
Actually, that doesn't seem like a improbability.
I like random hugs :3
And then Zephram Cochrane meets some Vulcans and human space travel is born
What was that for? =P
I mean, the world is pretty volitile as it is.
Ninjazz: aint that the truth?
Well, we have won in other years as well
But Andy Murray is our first tennis open win since 1936 I think
In years before 1936 we won quite a lot
Barbetos|AtWork: For the good work done in TF2 mvm Bronystate
Wrek.... well just because i felt like it
Oh. Well I will take what I can get. =P
Remember headshots, Wrek.
So the patturn doesn't exactly work, Dari.
MEOW
Nuff said
So I heard a new tatic for this game yesterday. Strap C4's to a max suit and have them run in, then you explode them.
Fun fun.
Barbetos|AtWork, more suicide tactices. Great.
Tactics*
Worth it?
Of course.
Having a moving C4 carrier is deadly.
Barbetos|AtWork: Howabout you stick them to your allies and order them to run into them
I would love to see a Rick Jame Max Suit Experience do that.
Lol.
Rick James, bitch.
Mishia Well that is technically what is happening, the Max Suits can take a lot of fire before dieing so they are more likely to reach their target.
Yesterday I was trying to strap C4 to a magrider that was not paying attention to me as a combat medic, but one of his buddies spotted me =(
Medics can carry c4?
Oh. so that is where the implants are.
Ninjazz All the classes can except Max and Cloaker
Ah. Awesome!
Cloakers get claymores instead.
MEdics get a revive grenade. I was having fun with that.
Barbetos|AtWork: :D LIVE! DIE! LIVE
*!
Revive grenade?
A grenade that heals?
What madness is this?
Yes
Tf2 medic feels jelous *lowers Medigun/Ubersaw*
Hey, in Borderlands with the right perks you can heal people by shooting at them
lol I like the healing shot guns in that game
I found it absurd
the very idea of buck shot healing.
pills via shotgun
vaccine by knife
sounds fun
Barbetos|AtWork: I got my fav gun from a special mook in a DLC, a machinegun that shot incredibly fast with infinite bullets :D
The new prowler is useless. It has two shells that do half damage each. The other team gets full damage per shot.
What game is this?
Bless you, Wrek
Wrekichu!
instant action?
hello everypwny :)
back
wb Sonny
thanks Barbetos|AtWork
right back to drawing
ping me if you need me
k.
and good morning/afternoon all.
Bathsalts that induce zombinism. Nuff said O~O
Ohai, WallDives! Didn't see you there.
Hiyo WallDives
If these tanks would hover, it would be very reminicent of Battlezone.
o.o
hello everypony
Hi Maid_RainBow
Only one of the factions tanks hover and that is the VS.
Magrider.
08,01wheeee
08,01computers!
Have you tried powering it off an on again?
who is streaming?
Wrek
hey Wrek are you feeling better?
08,01what streameth the Wrek?
Planetside 2. <3
Tron 3.0
Oh I mean. PS2.
nice
drop the gen!
Warp gate has a out of bounds thing
its gay
Hey everypony
2nd day of Internet returning to my command :3
Hello Serenity
You command the whole internet? =o
Yaes :3
Don't attack me wiht your meme army.
My body is not ready.
Mine was ready since the beginning of time
Who's playing? Forgot who's voice that is
Wrek.
Oyus
Been playing Cry of Fear pretty much for a week
Shit myself so much :L
i play transformers Fall of Cybertron
I also played and finished Half Life 1
Wrek: Do you has CS:GO?
I'm back.........
How is everypony doing?
tired.
Relieved
lol!!
Very nice Wrek
Should be working.
Stupid barnies had it coming
Just had a 10' pizza and I'm still hungry ;,..,
',..,'*
Bottomless stomach Serenity?
No, I hardly eat
But right now, I feel monsterous
Argh
hi :)
http://i.imgur.com/t3xEi.png
This chat is so inactive right now :/
Serenity: what kind of pizza?
Margarhita
I'm baaaack!
Hi everypony!
Hey, VenHur.
Oh hi, VenHur.
brb gtg eat
^^
Have fun, Sonny.
Night, all.
See ya, Sonny.
Sweet dreams, Ninjazz.
Bon apetit, Sonny.
Kammerjunk: dohoho
What'd I do?
Serenity: yum :)
I'm sure he's not 5 years old, no need for sweet dreams ^^
But he is!
Innit right, Ninjazz?
Welp, he's not here to say it's wrong, so it's right.
...
...I might be.
Yay!
>_>
<_<
Phew
Phew?
Phew.
Phew indeed.
No. Wait. Kammerjunk is wrong. Last time I checked I'm 18! >:C
Ha ha. No.
I just happen act like a 5 year old.
Phew. I made it. Theory is done. Now driving exam and I'll have my driving license
A 5 year old with better grammar than most it appears.
Yeah, but you also have better grammar than most 18 year old people.
^
So cold over here
/me is more sad about that than happy.
Wish El shitbox would catch fire so I can use it for warmth
It's either too hot, too cold, too dry or too wet here.
Serenity, El...what?
Aha, you must be new here?
Ninjazz: you also behave better than other people allegedly older than you :D
Well, I'm not a often guest here that's for sure
El Shitbox = my computer
I've been here a while, I still don't know.
Oh.
Serenity: :D nice nickname
/me is even more sad about that.
Sad Ninjazz is sad.
MadSurge: You know who I am, yeh?
:C
Serenity: who should you be? :D
Also, been here since Late Feb. By most standards, I'm still a newbie.
Serenity, Um... Moon princess? =D
Well, I was formerly known as Fazana, then I changed to Very_Silly_Filly
Serenity: OOOH
Oh. It's you.
Ninjazz same here.......
I've been here since July Last year
I've been here since hell-do-I-know last year.
Serenity: whassup my man? How's your hand?
Y I HAVEN'T GOT HERE SOONER
Sometime in the summer.
Yeah, around the summer-y part.
MadSurge: I can handwrite, that's a good sign, even if it looks like a 5 year old handwriting
Serenity: better than no handwriting.
Kammerjunk: A few weeks after I joined I beleive
Serenity, Huh? What happened?
Ninjazz, I thought you were leaving?
I crushed my wrist 5 years ago, and had some parts inside amputated
Serenity, oh. Sorry
I'm over it
Trying to do one more thing beforehand, WD.
Good thing my accident ended with a good result
But because they aren't connected to the tendons, that makes my wrist fall out of place and hurt a lot
Serenity, you aren't using painkillers?
JunkerKun: I'm used to the pain.
Serenity, Damn, that should be hard. I can't even imagine what you've been through
JunkerKun: Now, I think of it as a mere inconvenience, since my handiwork is terrible because
Serenity, well, let us not talk about bad things. Reminding people of bad things is not my favorite part
Dinner was dillisious
or however you write it
anyway back :p
dead chat is dead :(
/me hugs Sonny
/me hugs Maid_RainBow1 :)
Are youtube link allowed here?
*links
well
if it's not streaming then it should be
I haven't been banned from placing a link in the description so you COULD try
Hm... it's streaming... Oh well, I think everyone knows that Gabe Newell bought a MacBook
lol
Ohai
Ohai MaxTheBrony
Who is plaing :O?
playing*
Wrek is
Wrek what server are you on :)?
He's afk atm
Aw D:
Dat Max
Heya Jmo :)
MaxTheBrony, hi!
Heya JunkerKun :)
So , anything new going on?
Nope. Nothing at all. Nada. Everything's at the same old.
allrighty :)
How long has wrek been afk?
and why is the chat so quiet D:
MaxTheBrony, chat is sad that Gabe Newell bought the MacBook X)
Just joking
:P
hey guys
So on a completely unrelated note, does anyone know if I have to charge my new wireless headset before first use or if I can use it while charging it? It's a lithium ion battery.
Oh hi, alexxm.
Hiyo alexxm
how are things Kammerjunk and Gold_Demona
Is it charged via usb Kammerjunk?
Things are going, alexxm. Things are going
Jmo: Well, on my computer's end, it's a normal USB, but on the headset end, it's one of those fancy mini ones.
Then you should be able to charge it up and use it like a wired headset.
heya alexxm !
Alright, neat. Thanks.
Heya Wrek what server are you on :)
Resaluta, Wrek.
Yay! Sammiches!
I think I will also go get a sandwich. It's lunch time for me
stream is lagging some for me , you guys?
how are things MaxTheBrony
Things are good here in sweden, you alexxm ?
:O tandory is amazing!
Wrek are you EU 1 or 2 or 3?
allrighty :)
i will :)
sounds like a good name :)
i'm good MaxTheBrony
Good to hear
I'm back
Wrek what do you nick? Wrek?
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Massive Resolution Villian Poster
For a moment I thought that was a new poster instead of the old one in high res
Hey guys, I'm back
Hiyo SafariMonkey
Hey Gold_Demona
PlanetSide 2 again?
how are things SafariMonkey
Heya SafariMonkey
hey alexxm, things are pretty good my end. You?
And hey MaxTheBrony
i'm good SafariMonkey just trying to renew my bus card
alexxm: School? College? Work?
SafariMonkey college
Yay, another Plants vs Zombies trophy earned! :D
SafariMonkey british
Guys? Can someone help me?
Depends?
We know you stole the muffin.
No-one can help you now.
I need a good picture of applejack's family house but I can't find one
I need it for drawing it as a part of my drawing
obv :p
Who stole the muffin from the muffin? Jmo stole the muffin from the muffin jar!
Bollocks to you.
I did no such thing~
... its a parody of a children's song
you deny it, then shift blame, until people get bored
:P
My cat is helping me do art. :P
Gold_Demona: "helping"
?
And by "help" I mean "sit in my lap and grab my stylus"
good afternoon everypony :)
'ello kirzstryfe
lol, yes Unnr. "helping"
media SafariMonkey
Hiyo kirzstryfe
Gold_Demona: My cat is an expert in helping with homework
this one of the Earth games?
Unnr: My cats love to help me with laundry and sweeping the kitchen
/me pokes Wrek and asks "watcha playin"
how are things kirstryfe
Unnr: Cats are so helpful, aren't they? :D
Gold_Demona: Of course, they are experts at getting all the sleep you miss!~
Unnr: LOL, Ain't it the truth! XD
What game is this? O.o
not sure
base looked like it was from the Earth xxxx series of games, but I don't think there was an fps version
I dont know what those are either D:
anyone happen to know which game Wrek is playing atm?
This game looks So hardcore tho!
Sup
planetside or tribes maybe
kirzstryfe: PlanetSide 2 I do believe
Ill look it up :P
Hiyo SpadeMagnes[School]
Hey guys :)
Gold_Demona: I still prefer cats over dogs :3
heyo, and bye .
MadSurge: To be honest, I love both equally, but as far as owning the animal, I prefer to have cats. Because cats don't require leaving the house. XD
Been busy playing alot of Xenosaga lately
Gold_Demona: indeed :D also they're not emotional wrecks like dogs if you leave them on their own :D
That too. I believe that our cats do miss us when we leave, but they're not traumatized by our absence. :D
Cats can be evil and annoying sometimes
Cuz my cats to come to see us when we come home.
Of course, when you leave the mobile food deployment platform is gone and they are sad. Then they take a nap.
Gold_Demona: mine too :$
SpadeMagnes[School] So can dogs :P
Is there still audio? I cant hear anything even with my headphones on
dogs just tend to have fewer creative ways to be annoying and evil
SpadeMagnes[School]: cats are just different from dogs, they can ignore their masters if they choose to :D
SpadeMagnes[School]: yes, just really low audio
That being said, studies have show that cats actually care more about the approval of their human than dogs
I miss my cat :(
which is why cats are an absolute nightmare to work with as a psychological model in a lab.
I remember when we took our cats to get them fixed. That night after we brought them back home, the one cat cried and cried outside our bedroom door until we finally opened the door and her her sleep on the bed with us.
let her*
Gold_Demona: cats love to sleep with their humans, don't they? :3
These new headphones I got make it hard to hear anything outside of whats on my computer
MadSurge: Ours do at any rate.
So I have to take them off to try ot hear anyone talking near me
Mine usually like to hang out in the same room as me.
MadSurge: then you find them licking your armpit for attention at 5am
be back later :)
Unnr: Mine have never done that lol. XD
I've had them sniff and purr in my face before, but never lick my armpit.
Unnr: yeah :D mine does it only with my parents sometimes
Gold_Demona: It is the most awkward feeling ever, particularly if your pits are freshly shaved
lol XD
._.
My cat died at like 13 or so... he was old
Our cats are like 3 or 4. Something like that
I'd have to check the vet papers to know for sure, and I don't feel like digging them out. :P
Who the hell is flying that thing?
*cough*
Anyone there?
Nope, we all died
^
Seems legit
Gold_Demona: my cat and the one before her loved the smell of my used shoes .__.
MadSurge: Mine go nuts over my husband's work shoes when he comes home from work.
Kitties are weird sometimes :D
Eeyup
Get your flying saucer and start doing strafing runs!
MadSurge : indeed
MAYDAY
My cat instead of drinking water from a bowl drinks the bidet water, and if unavailable, she drinks from the toilet :D
Bidet?
My one cat likes to dip his paw in the water and like the water off his paw.
Hi guys
Haaai PillowPhone
Hello PillowPhone :)
/me hugs Jmo, MLP_Brovakiin and the rest of the chat
how are things PillowPhone
Alexxm: I'm fine, just at home with my niece and doing some word searches
I'm more than halfway done with the book I'm working on
whats your book about PillowPhone
Riding that Not-Mongoose like a pro
Alexxm: its the word search book I'm doing.
I'm on puzzle 48
ah ok PillowPonie|Phone good luck
I got 33 puzzles left
And then I start on the new puzzle book I bought the other day
How difficult are the puzzles?
08,01woah
08,01ipv6
08,01awesome
Gold_Demona: pretty easy.
heh
Word searches are my favorite. I could do them literally all day
o.o
Yeah crosswords are fun. =)
I also really like Sudoku puzzles.
I love crosswords but I can't do the ones that give you the hints to the answers
I'm watching Rhett&Links Bronies: The Controversy on youtube, and i noticed, when Rhett says "I'm not really into it." he shows multiple signs of someone lying... strange :)
I can't seem to solve them. But if its the regular ones where you just put inletters, I'm pretty quick
PillowPoni|Phone: There are crosswords that don't give you hints? O_o
Gold_Demona: yep. They're the same as the ones in the newspapers but they just have a list of words that you have to figure out which box it goes into
Instead of the hints
Ooooh, I see
Yep. I have about 3 books of them and they're full
well everypony i will be going now but be back later
Bye...and she's gone
See, the ones with the hints are "regular" for me. This is the first I've ever heard of the hintless kind. :P
Later Wrek
Thanks for stream
Thanks Wrek
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Madman Pony Poster Competition
Thanks for the stream, Wrek (even though I couldn't watch it)
thanks for the stream Wrek
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HACADr823oU
Gold_Demona: you start out with a few letters to give you a starting point
Sounds too easy, but then again I can never finish a regular crossword without cheating. :P
Hello SirGanjalf
Gold_Demona: I saw some wher you have to even guess where the BLACK SQUARES go
hello
MadSurge: THAT is fascinating
how are things SirGanjalf
Ther sounds incredibly hard. o_o
That*
Try insane hard :D
alexxm: took the words right out of my chat-box
/me dislikes audoku
Dat audoku :>
Sudoku*
Lol Jmo; its only the newest puzzle
:P
I love sudoku. =D
I've practically beaten all the sudoku puzzles on both of my Brain Age games
It confuses the shit outta me and makes me rage quit
/me admits he looked up adoku, thinking it was some japanese thing
I prefer fill-it-in puzzles
The concept is simple. Each row must have the numbers 1-9 without repeats, each column must also have 1-9 without repeats, and each box has to have 1-9 without repeats.
Safari_Monkey, how did that go?
*audoku
I've tried it...was not amused
The hard part is getting the hang of that concept. :P
It's not for everyone I suppose. I like it at any rate. =)
PillowPoni|Phone: nothing interesting
SafariMonkey: aww
Gold_Demona: Then you know that the minimum clue-count has been proven to be 17.
SafariMonkey: Hm? What do you mean?
Gold_Demona: A puzzle with 16 clues or less is unsolvable
PillowPoni|Phone: Well, there's this
http://photobucket.com/images/Audoku/
SafariMonkey: Ah, I see. I've never tried to make a puzzle, so I never paid attention to the clue count. XD
SafariMonkey: not a puzzle but it looks awesome
Looks like a Neopet(?)
PillowPoni|Phone: http://www.neopets.com/~audoku
Anyone getting a stream? Also, hello! :)
/me has never had a Neopet
AJIsAwesome: no stream, and hello! :)
/me was never interested in Neopets
Hello AJ
Hi MadSurge and SpadeMagnes[School] :)
/me has no clue what a NeoPet is
/me grew up in africa
AJIsAwesome: you happy for the episode I chose for this friday/saturday? :D
MadSurge: Applebuck Season? Yeah. :D
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HACADr823oU
SpadeMagnes[School]: You've sent that link before.
Oh.. right.. must have forgotten to copy another link
http://derpy.me/GUT1Q
LOL TicTacs
SpadeMagnes[School]: Oh yeah that thing where you wselect the link but forget to copy? I hate that.
*select
CTRL A and CTRL C
=D
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Zg-o98UAdw
Anyone seen this? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_p6tvjbk5dA
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OUdoEoy2dbo
And so the links begin
How about this? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyn1uQbtq8Q&feature=relmfu
Barbetos|AtWork: I just run my mouse over the url (select it) and middle click to paste usually. (linux) On windows I select it and hen press CTRL-C, tab over and press CTRL-V. Except sometimes I forget to CTRL-C.
*then
Marco.
Nop.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5YOZuBzY0sE&feature=g-vrec
hey everyone, how is it going? :)
Goin' good Snow
Check out this guy's guitar skillz. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tIBq32QJ88
Hai Snow
Snow: ohai :)
no stream is going on?
Nope. No stream
Gold_Demona: hes playing a very simple piece
/me hugs Gold_Demona and everypony
twilight_sprinkle: keep watching to the end :P
Gold_Demona: now THIS is guitar skill http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEfFbuT3I6A
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DI3V0vwrZqg then i can post this epic guitar playing
yay cory williams
Gold_Demona: ah well :P still check out my link
twilight_sprinkle: I did. That's awesome. =D
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Bronyville Episode 071 - Friendship Wins The Day
Gold_Demona, that video was good, I saw it a while ago
This is comedy gold right here. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfmvkO5x6Ng
hi
05gotta loove tandori
Hi pony_7616
whts up im new here
pony_7616: Hi! :)
i know that from somewhere.
hahahaa
pony_7616: Welcome to Bronystate. Make sure to read the rules. :)
hold on, i think i still remember that vid
pony_7616 Welcome! Hope you enjoy your time here. =)
i will thnk u for the tip
Allegr0~
hey Jmo !
cory doesn't know how to play, that was the funny part.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ekLO8BwxwE looks alot like that comedy gold one.
How goes the recovery from the trip Allegr0?
05i need 10 minutes
05and then ill start up the stream
05welcome pony_7616
05enjoy your stay ^_^
Jmo: pretty good, getting a more reasonable sleep schedule now...if I still didn't have GW2 to play :P
I love that film
why don't we stream takashi's castle
Probably just for that scene
That's good Allegr0.
alexxm: Fund it
SNow: lol, yeah Who's the Tank was based on Who's on First.
Gold_Demona: Poor mr Hu :D
MadSurge: And Mr Wat And Idunno
it is nice to finally tlk to fellow bronies
hahah http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ci09dZ8GrnE
alexxm: yes, takeshis castle was awesome
Oh yeah, we can we expect the imgur gallery Allegr0?
Winter Wap up on the Hub <3
*Wrap
Hi guys sorry i wasn'r chatin i was in a kitchen making me a PB and J sandwhich
yep twilight_sprinkle
i would like to give a brohoof to everyone *brohoof*
pony_7616: /)
definitely Jmo , giga and I have just been catching up on homework we didn't do while takingthe pics :P
pony_7616: (\
/me gives brohoof to pony-7616
When can we* Oops, getting sleepy.
hey
howdy Applejack2012
Applejack2012: Hi! :)
and howdy Allegr0!
Jmo: nah, its just hard typing with hooves
hey Sylandest
Allegr0: how are you today? hopefully well?
Touche Snow.
How is everypony?
Sylandest: good, especially since my morning class was cancelled :D
Allegr0: NIce! :D
Sylandest: no spectromorphology presentation today!
*Nice*
It's like typing with boxing gloves :P
oh guys did you know by the way!?
Allegr0: morning classes suck. i hate them and every year i end up with them. this year its 8 am physics >:I
Allegr0: lucky pony! I had both of my classes today...but they're my only two today, at the least, so there's that
the new part of turnabout storm is out!
I'm nie too
nice
I have classes from 8-Noon, so I'm pretty good.
Every now and then I have 3 hour labs, but that's not a problem since we only have one once a week.
You know dari I think this is probably the best thing you've ever linked. http://i.imgur.com/Cv9JU.png
AJIsAwesome: I don't have any labs, being an English major :$
Man I love browsing the LP Archive
Lawl
lolled
Sylandest: Lucky you. :$
It's the cute spider again! =D
it looks like a spider putting the youdontsay face on
AJIsAwesome: On the bright side, you're getting more education than me! So you're smarter! :)
We are teh smarterest
Sylandest: Thanks. It's still a hassle, though. :$
school ftw
AJIsAwesome: I'm sure you can handle it :) Better you than I. I look at science tables or mathematics and just tableflip.jpg
well thats good Sylandest
We is smart we is S A M R T
Sylandest: Thanks. :$
Oh hey Meanwhile
Allegr0: the downside is I only have an hour to spare right now, as I've got a book sale to see to for my department. Hope to make some profits!
damm, dont know how to say a sentence in correct grammar in english D:
Lo.
Snow: I can help! :D
Hi Sylandest
howdy SafariMonkey :)
Sylandest: making all the money!
I still say half the crap you learn in school YOU WILL NEVER USE
hi
hey SafariMonkey
Allegr0: I hope so! It pays for all the pizza we have at every meeting of the club I'm in that holds the sale :)
Sylandest: if you understand dutch you can indeed help me xD
05ok startign back up!
Oh yay: Hey Sumica!
00,10wut?
Snow: welp, then I ain't the right pony for ya...my bad :$ If you need help constructing English though, feel free to ask :)
I'm getting so excited for Mists of Pandaria
Snow: http://i.imgur.com/75bZq.jpg
Sumica: Sorry my connection randomly bottlenecked and suddenly I got the past 20 minutes of mssages all at once.
SpadeMagnes[School]: same here! :D
then ill say it the old way then, i guess XD going to school for an education in the ways of ICT
get that spider out of mah face!! EEEEK D:
Still kinda pissed my mana regen stratigy got wrecked
and then i saw the the text under it, i lolled
SafariMonkey: I know that feeling. :$
AJIsAwesome: You do? O.O
im saving that picture, just because it funny this way
SafariMonkey: Yep. Sometimes I get up to 10-15 messages at once. :D
05enjoy some meiocre entertainment
08,01whee
/me 08,01steals wrek and hides him
08,01AJIsAwesome: i'm so. tired.
h
/me 08,01has been up for 40 hours straight now
08,01i'm still at work
AJIsAwesome: It's never happened to me before on my new line (it's fibre-optic)
Can you even do work like that?
08,01Meanwhile: no
Then go home.
And sleep.
08,01i'm waiting for someone who is giving me a lift home
I hope they get there soon.
08,01AJIsAwesome: it's my own fault; i make my own schedule, and i decided to go drinking during the day yesterday, because i'd not seen my uni friends in months
08,01which meant i had to work all night
Was it worth it?
08,01it was
wow, my browser lagged so hard he auto closed bronystate, i am not amused browers
That's ok then.
Thats good. =)
wb, Snow :)
Snow: You mean it crashed.
Snow: Or ping timeout?
not realy, he just closed bronystate without a reason, every other tab was still intact
Snow: Sounds like a plugin crash to me
anyway, it doesnt matter. im back here and thats the most impotant thing to me
lol
:)
we're happy to have ya here, Snow :)
Anyone see that guy draging along the cat walk?
Barbetos|AtWork: no, i missed it
That seems to be a recurring bug atm.
Yay for resilient computers!
Seen 3 people so far just gliding across the floor. It's quite funny really.
I have not seen Invalid String since the nda was lifted and the new patch came out.
yay for computers with 1GB RAM XD
ok rdr playing time
13http://i.imgur.com/10ZYb.png
08,01okay, everyone
Hi Shizuka
oh derpy.
08,01if you had to choose one mod to buy a plushie of, who would it be?
Shizuka: I'm saving that one. :D
Oh. My...
08,01and how much would you pay?
Shizu: http://i.imgur.com/4xEuq.gif
13vivi
13all the bits
That derpy pic nearly killed me.
08,01all her bits? got it.
idk, because i dont know all the mods OC
lol
08,01i'd quite like either a Sumica or a Nittany_Discord
If I /have/ to choose or want to choose.
08,01Sylandest: zomg yes, phase has an adorable OC!
he'd even come with a tiny little rocket
oh, a plushie of*. i cant read
08,01i'd get a SlurryMoon plushie, but only if it talked
XD
I'd get a Sumi plushie
Because pony Sumi is best dancer
id get a sumi plushie too i think
If it were my choice I'd save my money, if I had to I guess I'd invest in a dari one and tie it to a firework.
08,01Sylandest: maybe a ban hammer
Sylandest: No Wrek plushie would have a big hammer with "ban" written on it
hi everyone :)
00,10Luna bcause luna
08,01Gold_Demona: it'd be thor's hammer
howdy Lil_B :)
Heya Lil_B
Hiyo Lil_B
Hi, Lil_B :)
Allo Lil_B.
hi Lil_B
hoi Lil_B
08,01hey Lil_B
Hey Lil_B
wow XD
hello Lil_B
WUBs for Lil_B
08,01Lil_B plushie.
:D
13i would come with a pool noodle
but it
I'd get a Wrek plushie if it came with a huge hammer
13and plushie bread
The ships seem to move really clunky
*buy it now
Lil_B for all the pings!
13or a bread brushie
08,01Shizuka: what's a pool noodle?
And a never ending supply of modesty.
00,10nah you would come with degreeser Shizuka
a long foam tube
hello Lil_B
if im reading the rules correct *puts on reading glasses* i see i can post image links?
Snow: As long as they're safe for work.
Snow: you can post image links, so long as safe for work, and not in a spam format
Eli I have an OC :)
08,01oh right
/me and hugs pony_7616
My form tutor called me a dark horse.
Lulled
I don't even know if I should finish mine.
its safe for work, and uploaded on imigur, so i guess its fine?
Hello Bronysith
Eli is blue with blond here, safty goggles and a laboratory coat XD
I've always called them fun noodles myself.
hi SafariMonkey
hi
how are things Bronysith
Lil_B, may I have the link to your OC?
XD
Bronysith: Hi :)
alexxm: good
you?
08,01if i had a plushie, it'd come with inbuilt vibrate.
XD
O_o
http://i.imgur.com/wylRC.png people who know this comic are probably laughing when they see this.
TMI
Hahaha
08,01for massaging!
Im just going to Dashiesauce
08,01jeez, you dirty lot.
Moopy: y u so channel advertise
#Dashiesauce
Massaging what is the question?
Snow: yeah! looking for group
Moopy: do not advertise our channel, please
08,01Moopy: i'm sick of this now
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Ghastly Gorge In the Groove Pony Mod
Moopy: Good, because if anyone belongs in there, you do.
Seriously, next person to advertise dashiesauce is getting banned
You have been warned.
Panda|Lecture just a sec, I'll get a link
08,01Moopy: i kicked you before, you've been warned and warned
Ok ok ok im sorry guys
Snow: hard not to read when you're playing wow on a RPG server :P
08,01Moopy: you're lucky i'm too tired to want to bother with updating our ban list
Moopy: ಠ_ಠ
08,01Moopy: otherwise, you'd be gone
Eli: lol, it has so little to do with wow now :P
08,01Moopy: consider this your final warning. any more advertising, and it's a *permanent* ban.
Wow really just because all this? would you guys stop getting mad at me
When you wise up and stop being a dingbat.
Moopy: its against the rules. no means no.
08,01Meanwhile: stop breaking rules and we'll stop getting mad
08,01whoops
08,01i mean Moopy
08,01Meanwhile is <3
I am?
Snow: true. I stopped playing wow anyways, so i don't really care. Richard isn't as awesome as he once was anyways. i liked him better when he was a heartless puppy killer <3
Fine i'll stop then
Yay. ^_^
08,01Moopy: you really should know better by now
yay~
08,01anyhoos
08,01end of topic
08,01let's talk about happy funtimes
Wow..........:|
Oh hey Nife
Eli: well, he still is, but he got a little bit more....backgroundstory now.
08,01AJIsAwesome: various curries
Allo SafariMonkey
Oooh, nice. :O
08,01twilight_sprinkle: vaughn williams' fantasia on a theme of thomas tallis is really nice
Snow: meh... turnig human is lame... I want more "FOR PONIES!" and blazing battles
Meanwhile: what kind of massager? for stress or for sport injuries?
Snow: Yeah...for that.
One of my favorite pieces is Pavane for a Dead Princess. Sounds dark but it's a very nice and calm piece. :)
08,01Meanwhile: it does not come with what will now forever be known in this fandom as a "Lyra hole"
hey
Hahahaha
I remember that. :S
Meanwhile: uhhh, that does not awnser my question?
08,01Sumica: removable clothing.
Snow: How does that not answer the question? It was a confirmation of criteria YOU specified.
08,01i don't!
Look im just going to refresh the whole page and i will never do it again *SIGH*god
08,01i'm not artistic
00,10yet
"you can do my hair, undress me anywhere!"
Meanwhile: oh, so it was both options?
08,01thinking of commissioning a Sumica plushy, if it's fine with him
Aaaah! It's Panda, my challenger!
6Heya ^^
00,10I would not mind
Sumica's presumably comes with reporter punching action, deus ex shades, and when you squeeze his hoof it'll say "I never asked for this"
08,01and putting it up for auction, with the proceeds going to charity
00,10would like to see the finish product
Eli: oh god great idea
08,01Eli: or "come to bed"
And then it vibrates.
Or a whole selection of phrases
I get off the phone and come back to plushie talk
Oh god what is going on?
With the very big smile :)
PillowPoni|Phone: That's Bronystate for you. :D
08,01PillowPoni|Phone: plushies! pushies everywhere!
Lil_B: *censored, you mean :$
00,10nice team killers you got wrek
lol this morning someone had a big 2 litre coke and when he open it, it fizzed everywhere and it was all over the floor and he just left it there :p
>_> <_< nothing pillowponi
Sylandestyeah... that one too
Sylandest *
And hello to you too, my good friend Nife.
08,01Eli: ... for a relaxing massage?
Lol Snow
Tanks have no time to do things like "Identify friendlies" they're too busy blowing shit up.
I wish I had a plushie, but they cost too much. :D
There i refresh the whole page on my screen here ya happy now?
No one cares anymore Moop.
/me wants a creeper pony plushie
me want plushies of all the ponies, exept pinkie pie though D:
PillowPoni|Phone: Oh, you're a cuddly type?
08,01Snow: but... pinkie pie is best pony!
Why would refreshing your page make us happy?
Snow: Why no Pinkie Pie? She's best pony.
Panda|Lecture I have to make some slight reworks, but basicly thats'y my OC atm :) http://i.imgur.com/4KUwj.gif
SafariMonkey: yes. Yes I am <3
HAI EVERYPONY
6xDDDD
Hi Pinkies4thWall
Pinkies4thWall: Hi :)
I want a talking Bon Bon doll
Ohai everypony. Ohai Pinkies4thWall :)
hia Pinkies4thWall :)
Allo Pinkies4thcapslock.
im scared she tries to break the fourth wall throu that plushie!
Cause i wanted to
hi
*/)
and hi Petrified_Discord :)
Heya Pinkies4thWall
Lil_B: that OC is adorable :)
anyways, whats up?
Hey Pinkies4thWall
Lil_B: That's awesome. :O
08,01hey Pinkies4thWall!
Petrified_Discord: Hi! :)
hi
PP rules
Are we watching Sumi play vidya?
08,01i'd *really* like a chrysalis plushie
I think I've seen a pic of a creeper pony. Not sure
00,10nope
00,10wreky
08,01but i just got that chrysalis custom
Cheeselegs plush.
<3 chrysalis
Sylandest and AJIsAwesome thanks :) made it all myself, but the big challenge will be a walking cycle -.-
Lil_B, do you have a hard copy that isn't a small gif? My appologies, I'd just like to draw every detail.
Chrysalis is best villain
I would like a Luna plushie. :$
^
6Nothing much..Just got up.. ._.
08,01discord plushie would be adorable
*SIGH* wow you guys just.........wow now im upset
Discord is best villain
Who's playing vidya
?
I would like a ether a Chrysalis, Luna or Fez Pony Plushy
I love luna <3
oh haha
AJIsAwesome: ill take 2 of her
what's up Moopy? why are you upset?
I want a luna plushie
Everypony wants a Luna plushie
so i am getting one made
Discord is best pony!
Panda|Lecture only my very first version I made via Pony Maker :/ but it lacks the coat, safty goggles and generally uniqueness :/
6I wonder if I'll ever manage to sleep at a decent hour.. ._. :P
well scroll up the chatbox and see for yourself
/me hugs Moopy sorry man
Wait, who's playing what?
No.
Harry Potter plushie
Lul
wreck is playing planet side 2 i believe
6What about you? ^^
This must happen
its cool they were telling me to stop using the advertisement thing so yeah
Lil_B, I see. Well, I use the hard copies of the image to create a color pallet. My appologies in advance if they are a little off.
dat Winston
DEED
*DED
Movie over.
dari: Remembering that one.
I thought it was pretty funny. XD
just at school
6:O Nice ^^
Panda|Lecture but if you would make something for me... I would really need something like an Icon for my music :( All my Profiles just have a blank picture, I made something myself, but it doesn't look so good, just some more pixel art :)
twilight_sprinkle: fun*
Lil_B, so a 200x200 icon would suffice? I was planning on doing a CD cover for you.
hmm... i think this game is too chaotic for me
do ALL the homework :p
ill keep it to tf2
Eli: not really. not if its every day the same thing
:| :|
Snow: Discord levels of chaotic
Panda|Lecture and no worrys about the colors, blonde-brown hair Blue/purple (or blue/green) eyes, and blue body would be nic :)
Eli: oh i see, nvm
why chaotic?
comes with choclate rain
twilight_sprinkle: :)
Eli: i barely slept today, dont yell at me D:
6Homework.. D:
you run around and shoot bad guys, simple, really^^
/me is nomming a gallon of root beer
twilight_sprinkle: i wouldn't. mostly, because it's kinda hard over the internet. but I could use Cantelock if you like? :)
asfdvbsfbdfbdvvbxdf
Pinkies4thWall: Lucky :(
Are there any Harry Potter ponies? I haven't seen a pic of one so far
Can you nom a liquid? If not, what would the liquid equivalent be? :/
Eli: nah, not this time :P
Panda|Lecture the very fakt you do something for me is so awesome, it could be anything :)
PillowPoni|Phone: im sure there's some out there somewhere
I've seen El Dorado ponies
/me is feeling sick :D
Okay, i lied. it's actually ginger ale
Sylandest: pretty sure too
thats just it.. when i do that i keep standing in one place
The pony at the funeral looks like HP
Pinkies4thWall: Y U DO THAT? :(
Petrified_Discord: glub?
Lil_B, you may have to remind me of the eye color in the near future. I have someone homework I wish to turn in this evening and my brain capasity is quite small. Also, not an issue, Ive been planning on doing something for you since I found you were a music composer.
because ginger ale is yummy
Eli: ...it works. kinda makes me think of fish :P
Whoops, pardon if that appears to be a wall.
ill keep it to sasparilla
/me hugs AJIsAwesome
gives me extra sas
cider, cider
/me hugs Pinkies4thWall "It's okay" :)
CIDER
PillowPoni|Phone: as in Tulio and Miguel eldorado?
by the way, did anyone thought what pinkie would be like if she drank energy drink?
Eli: yes. That very one
>:(
cute cenera ponies
yeah :(
dag nab it
PillowPoni|Phone: they should be alicorns. they are gods after all. mighty, mighty gods
Panda|Lecture XD np, I write walls all the time :) that's so awesome of you for doing that OO, but yeah, just ask me anytime :)
I ate a pound of salad for dinner last night
Eli: "gods" there was a tzekel khan pony in the drawing and he was a unicorn
Holla everypony! :)
HAI GilDash
Eli: I think tulio and miguel ponies were earth
Microsoft sam: angry face
ohaidere
:)
Lil_B, I know. I just dont want to flood those who are still using the embed chat on the website.
hi
PillowPoni|Phone: :( aww...
/me hugs GilDash
RUN
/me hugs Lil_B.
hi GilDash :)
6Luckily we don't have any yet but we probably will tomorrow.. ._.
EVERYPONYRUN
Snow: pinkie on energy drinks. A scary thought indeed
Pinkie on energy drink would probably be like Hammy from Over the Hedge.
dinner
Meanwhile: times fifty
Meanwhile: it would probably be worse than that
Pinkie Pie already has a bunch of sugar daily though
Lil_B: Whoa, wait, what?
yeah
gtg, cya later :D
lol
I challenge people to make a 4th wall plush
DO IT
Lil_B: Oh, okay. If someone wants to make a plushie OC of me, go for it. XD
00,10So much for marine leave no man behind
6D: See ya..
Not on the main site. I found it suddenly
Make a plush of an intangible object
PillowPoni|Phone: yeah, thanx found it already
Reavers are sexy. To bad only NC has them now. =\
hi Everypony :)
TR is stuck with the mosquito.
ohaidere
Hallow! O3O
Eli: lolol I think cheif manboobs pony is earth as well
Hello thelonepony :)
good evening
Hello CrazyCherry :)
hi thelonepony
hi CrazyCherry
... I'm kinda relentlessly reading Homestuck... I started this week, I'm on page something... ... Still about 4950 pages to go through
hi CrazyCherry and thelonepony :)
Hey CrazyCherry
my god, played too much tf2
lol
thought i heard:Sentry going up in the background
Snow: there's no such thing as too much TF2
is Wrek Playing Planetside II beta again?
00,10yep
/me sets Sumica on fire
00,10not sure if he isplaying the best class for assaults
oh, almost forgot.
/me douses Sumica with water
ohei new Wrak it Ralph Trailer, one of the very few Movies I really want to see... actually the first one in 2 years -.-
Lil_B: IKR
That movie looks awesome
Same here.
And this is coming from a guy who doesn't really watch movies.
... wow ... the beginning of the Trailer had "Funky Town" in the Background XD
I love how they got M. Bison into the movie. Hope he does his signature catchphrase. :D
... it got some adult humor... so far I only see + Points everywhere
looking forward to Wreck it Ralph
yeah it looks like it was being made by gamers
this is what i mean with too chaotic
explosions everywhere and people shooting from all directions
anyone else having lag?
this trailer told me: it's aweesome, it's awesome it's awesome, it has some adult humor, recognisable soudnclips (Super Mario coin sounds, and other recognisable sounds of which i forgot the origin), other nice touchs liek 2 frame walkin animation for a deteiled 3D Character XD
They also have Bowser and Eggman in the movie, which is a huge plus for me
00,10oh wow the game has night time?
Aye
day and night cycles
and Q-bert
Every few hours apparently.
Lil_B: Adult humor? Could you say where?
What adult humor? O_o
i haven't seen a lot of the trailers, so I wouldn't know.
AJIsAwesome can I send you the link to the Trailer? only 2:30
PM it. :)
Lil_B: you mean like the tanananaaaa! sound from zelda?
LOL^
wow
so close
Snow no, ... wait, I may know which one I mean, I'm checking it right now XD
00,10what's that wrek?
Lib tail gunner did that?
WB Polydunami
Barbetos|AtWork I don't know still have to check
how can you see a damm thing in the night cycle there!?
Lil_B wut? o_o
mos-quit-o
Lil_B: Where did you see the Adult humor? :S
00,10fighters are not your personal missle/transport
AJIsAwesome I though the A Heros Duity line was that :/ maybe I just got it wrong
Lil_B: Oh. I would find that as dirty humor rather than adult, IMO.
Had to restart my computer; my client logs me in every single time I open it :S
And, well, it opens automatically whenever I turn my computer on.
Sometime flash crashes my browser. I hate it when that happens. :|
It's not been so common for me, lately
Sumica: you would be surprised how many people use the Galaxy to get around.
So then I have to reboot my comupter to get flash working again.
Anyway, I'll be back later.
As personal transport that is
Also, it prevents my browser from fully working UNLESS I reboot ot. :|
kinda fouind the noise... the one I meant sound sextremly similar to (actually it's the same but the last 2 notes are missing) the sound after the zelda theme when you start the Famicom Disc System
00,10I presume that is the name of the fighter Barbetos|AtWork?
Lil_B: "sextremly" Hehe.
urgh this drawing is taking forever °-°
... extremly*
Lil_B: ;)
Sumica: that is the huge transport gunship wrek was just at.
00,10I ment the single seater wrek used to torppedo in to the said of a transport
13sumica never saw me play tribes :3
That is a mosquito for the Terran, which is the team he is on.
00,10tribes it made sence Shizuka.
00,10mostly cause tribes had no limits or cost
00,10hell I used to yse the HPC as a battering ram for doors
Shizuka: Hiyo! Also, why am I not surprised you use suicide warriors? :D
Dat clipping.
13:3
Now if only we could stick bombs to pyros on TF2.
13i usually loaded up a transport, flew over, and as soon as everyone unloaded, went and crashed it into a turret somewhere
hell yeah, especially w+m1 pyros
Implying there's any other kind.
2 Games I wrould really like to see, but which are so rare appearently that there isn't even one video in english about in anywhere... SHin Onigashima and Famicom Tantei Clup ... 2 original Nintendo japan only Nintendo games for the NES
What is this? :S
Meanwhile: only if the pyro goes "AAAAAAAAAAAAAA" while holding his bombs :D
13course i was usually flagrunner too.. lightest class, pulse grenades, just bounce from one end of the world to the other
13tribes 2 was fun and all with the bombers, but i missed eliteren so much
Planetside II Beta Dragonmatte
Meanwhile: yes there is, i am for instant a support pyro
Okay :3
Snow: Ah yes the elusive "Camp the dispenser" Pyro. Seen it's natural habitat using m1 without the w.
Meanwhile: not realy, im using m2 or homewrecker for most of the time.
I'm just poking fun at the class, I know it's just as useful as any other.
Still, gluing sticky bombs to a teammate would be neat.
or be able to take your sentry with you so it can still shoot while you move
13depends if friendly fire would be enabled for those bombs
Wasn't that something in the workshop? Shoulder mounted sentry gun?
so not packing it up, but picking it up like it stands
13sticky bombed pyro rushes the enemy, the demo pops them, pyro walks out
I just watched the Trailer for the Kirbys 20th anniversary Dream Collection "rated E 10+ for Animated Blood and Cartoon Violence" XD
@Shizuka: if that is possible illbe playing offensive pyro more often
Well friendly fire is only on on peculiar servers anyway, no reason to enable it solely for the purpose of blowing yourselves up.
/me 13ran detpack so often in tribes.... run in, suicide with explosion before anyone notices
Lil_B: :D
AJIsAwesome these are 6 games, and the only part where you see Blood is in the Crystal Shards, the Final Boss Zero two , who bleeds blood from his eye when you shoot him XD
O.o even better
scout with bombs attached to him
Lil_B: Oh, that game. Okay.
What could work is having something akin to several stickies that you can attach to a player and only detonate once they're dead.
Like sticking a C4 pack to a spy so in the event their sap attempt fails they can still die on a sentry nest and hope the explosion's in range.
Meanwhile: use that on a deadringer spy and win.
I want that Box, I want the Soundtrack CD and I want to lay the Gameboy games on the TV XD
I wouldn't say that's any harsher than sticky bombs already are.
Corner? Sticky bombs.
Arch? Sticky bombs.
13sentry buster for tenth class, who's with me
Spawn door? Sticky bombs.
13high health, but can only blow up
I still want that dog that showed up a while back as tenth class.
@shizuka: no, just no... they have a too damm high respawn rate.
Besides, imagine how many times you'd walk out of spawn and blow up.
It'd be worse than democamp.
13hm
13timer?
or 3 demo medic ubered team
13buster has enough time to get to mid
13except teleporters
That could work but it'd only take a certain amount of time before the border of it's range becomes common knowledge and it becomes fairly pointless.
13but even then, uber
a
is a good idea, but no thanks
we engineers have enough troubles to worry about
^
13not until you're as twitchy eyed ultraparanoid as i am when i get stuck playing engie
scout is awesome times
13every last pixel on the screen is a spy
spies are the last thing im worried about
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Instrumental Music: Learn and Blossom / The lost kingdom Battle theme / Griffin's Lullaby
lol I have no idea what is going on :P I've just got back
Whats being played?
When I play engi I always seem to attract the ire of every explosive class in game.
demo's and soldiers
thats my problem
I don't mind spies much because the average spy is terrible.
What game is this?
And will come running straight at you like a wally.
Or even better, will use dead ringer from the start and decloak right around a corner.
then play spy like me: eternal reward set bonus+dead ringer
Pfft. Dead ringer.
they wont hear you uncloaking even if your next to him
13except familiar fez is lame
/me is still waiting to find out what game this is....
It really is.
It's the Planetside2 beta
thanks Ouroboros
13pay $7 to make spy less astoundingly obvious
dont care, set bonus is awsome IMO
And if you don't have a disguise, it's fairly obvious what you're using and then they become even more alert.
What server are you playing on? Unfortuantely I get unplayable lag.
never heard of it, but it looks good
05Ouroboros: EU2
The little I've managed to play is fun
Thanks Wrek.
And an alert engi is the hardest to stab.
how long has wrek been streaming?
thats why you need to get him when hes distracted
If you can get up close and juggle the sapper well enough you might be able to get the backstab while he's repairing but that's paramount to flipping a coin.
thats the way of the spy, get people who are distracted or occupied
Hi, Good afternoon everyone
Allo T.
if your quick enough you can backstab the engie and sap his sentry before it turns around
you're*
And that's basic.
hey everypony :)
Welp, I'm gonna head out for the day. See y'all tomorrow Bronystate
13http://i.imgur.com/H4rn3.jpg
Goodnight Gold_Demona :)
Hell if you're next to a sentry you can just run around it and stab it to death as long as you don't slow down.
bye Gold_Demona
i hate them with all my hatered
Toast ?
And Jmo, I'll probably have the next Nuzlocke page out tomorrow. :3
Later all
13toast
but yeah, on previous topic. most spies are kinda stupid
Most spies are incredibly stupid.
well... it's now proven that some video games like some shooters can improve/restore eyesight, awesome
razorback*
Razorback is the reason revolvers exist.
ikr
Really, razorback is the most pointless item in existence.
well, not realy. it keeps you safe from noobs
second place belong to tape red recorder
Noobs decloak close enough for you to hear them.
thats just a troll weapon
oooohhh
What game is this?
In which case you can turn around and blank them with a headshot before they even finishl
Its Planetside2.
The number of times I've been called a hacker because people don't understand that decloaking is loud...
reminds me of battlefield 2142
Meanwhile Ever played tribes ascend?
I have, don't really like it.
what i mean with that is right distance for decloaking
unless you are using the fez set wich makes the declock sound weaker
If you're using the fez set you're probably rolling dead ringer.
i like the dead ringer
not realy, i sometimes use cloack and dagger with that
cloak*
Eh, I prefer to lurk quietly and wait for the opportune moment.
Thing is, the fez set makes you much more vulnerable to sentries because of the daggers disguise removal.
Might be worth trying with a joystick.
but when i played for the first time spy, i fell for the razorback thingie too. but thats because i didnt knew what it did back then.
Well that's the key to playing in general really, identify what's being used and how it works.
I'd blame that second problem on your connection speed.
And the first one is just practice.
sup
umm... not realy
having 2 ping isnt that bad
05LOLD
05damned thign flew right into me
Wrek that useful friend
*badum tish*
He only wanted a hug.
yup
hi Meanwhile
Hello Sonny.
soooo the point of the game is to capture all the land ?
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: yup
/me sets TheGreatAndPowerfulT on fire
Capture ALL the land!
well, im sorry guys but i have to go...school tommorow.
lol xD
bye snow
I have school tomorrow as well
but fk sleep
:D
Bye Snow.
I, don't, need, it (O)____(O)
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Story Updates September 12th (Afternoon)
/me pours water on myself
well... no sleep+ an education in ICT= a ery shitty school day.
lol jk :p
sleep tight
Night Snow
Snow: Night! :)
Wrek is streaming I see.
Why do so many people begin with "I see x is streaming" or "x is streaming I see"
Because we can, Meanwhile.
Yeah, we were here before you, we know who's streaming already.
Meanwhile: do you make fan art?
We were privvy to that information prior to your arrival.
Sonny: I do not. Because I am lazy.
Meanwhile conversation starter as far as i know
lol k
T: What's wrong with "Hello everyone"
Hello everypony!
Meanwhile how should i know ? i say hi when i get on chat
MASF123: Hello! :)
how are things MASF123
Hello Honey, Hello Dexter, Hello Dee Dee, Hello Honey........Hello Honey!
hi MASF123
You know what would be awesome?
alexxm, not too good but not horrible.
PillowPoni: WHat?
AJIsAwesome: The Men In Black
I never watched any of the MIB movies. :D
PillowPoni, Men in Black III was awesome.
All 3 were good, I thought the last one may have sucked but it didn't.
AJIsAwesome: Men In Black. That agency that monitors all alien activity on Earth
MASF123: I haven't seen the third one yet
/me neuralyses PillowPoni.
PillowPoni: I know that. I just never liked it. :D
Agents, from A-Z
MASF123: Well my sister got it from the flea market but I didn't watch it
/me deneuralyzes myself
That reminds me, I swear the MIB has more agents than there are letters in the alphabet.
Meanwhile, so did I...after watching the second one 50 times
PillowPoni, there are no such things as aliens, and you must take off your clothes. >_>
What do they start using as code when they run out of letters.
A letter an a random number, probably.
MASF123: lolol so you think
I pity whoever got M4.
Jeff is best six foot worm
Pfft, run over by hovertank.
Not the most dignified of deaths.
MASF123: Yep
It would be cool to work for them but knowing me...I'd end up neuralyzing myself instead of witnesses by accident
What's wrong with that?
I'd neuralyse random people on the street and have them swap lives.
Sending random strangers to peoples houses under the impression they live there just for the reaction.
Agent M is Micheal Jackson. Lol.
Meanwhile, you will be decommisioned
Worth it.
But wouldn't Meanwhile be agent M?
Not really, no.
Meanwhile is Agent M.
Wait, I'm Agent M too then.
Shush you, you don't get to decide what is and isn't worth it to me.
I'd be agent P
Oh look! A Wreky stream ^_^
Wait, no I woulndn't.....
Agent M123
ohai LadyCanary :)
MASF123: Well you'd be distinguishable from the other Agent M's
Yeah Ikr
hai LadyCanary
Well that guy was certainly resilient to being stabbed in the head.
Hi LadyCanary
Hiya~
Agent L
LadyCanary! :)
Didn't L quit?
Ohai MadSurge
Meanwhile: I think so. She wanted to be back with the dead people
Yeah but got a replacement, LadyCanary
Or was that the old dude at the beginning of the first one?
?
Does that make me agent M, agent S or agent MS?
13canary canary~<3
Agent Microsoft, yet MadSurge
yes
...
people in UMvC3 who play online, are ridiculous
Heh, Agent Microsoft.
Shizu Shizu <3
Agent PP
press start aaaand dead
AGent? PP?!?!?!
Nopoe, bad puns would come from that
....Did saxy not warn you, SiTH?
PillowPoni: Oh yeah because that rolls off the tongue so well.
LadyCanary: no i knew about it
LadyCanary: just did it for the luls
agent tlp
Clearly, you did it to be an idiot.
yup
AGent Tomatos Lemons Ponies
Meanwhile: Well it's better than Agent F--Fluffy
PillowPoni is agent p and MadSurge is agent MS and they are partners
I'd like to believe he's not an idiot by choice.
Because if he is he's the best troll to ever walk this earth.
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Aaaaaah see what you did there
Agent TgaPT
T: They only get one mission a month.
meh
And whoever pisses us off goes missing for a while
Meanwhile it would be a bloody hard mission ?
Shut up Meanwhile, not cool :>
Hahahaha
Welp PillowPoni :D
PillowPoni, how bout Agent Pillz?
MASF123: Never played L4D so that wouldn't work'
Agent E...for Elfangor!
Never o late to play it you know.
to
too*
too
MASF123: With what money?
Yours of course
so there is only 1 mission a week on this game
MASF123: No job and I only get $100 every two weeks, which isn't enough to live off of
$100? I only get like $5
i wonder what server and faction Wrek is on
EU2, Terran.
thank you mao
MASF123: With having to put gas in the car every week, not much
Best MIB Agent ever is Agent PwnNee
That and I ALWAYS make a point to buy mechanical pencils
Agent PN
MASF123: Sounds like Agent PN would be a robot.
That's one of the rumors they say about him.
/me wonders who her sidekick would be
Agent J had Frank. Frank is awesome
PillowPoni: This. http://i.imgur.com/Cv9JU.png
That's my new favourite image.
Meanwhile that spider's oddly cute
Damn disconnect
he's staring into my very soul
...
The name won't change....
Forever a |
Until it signs out my username
ok
there we go
|: What was your original username?
MASF123: :)
AJIsAwesome, Que?
AJIsAwesome: MASF123 sometimes glitches his name to |
MASF123: Never mind.
SafariMonkey: Oh, okay.
AJIsAwesome: Unintentionally, I understand.
Marco.
polo?
Nvm.
/me kidnaps AJIsAwesome
Howdy everypony! :)
*mmmmmmmmm!* "Help!!!!!!!*
GigabitHarmonie: Hi! :)
For shizzle my nizzle.
Oh, I'm witnessing a kidnapping.
/me eats an apple.
how are things GigabitHarmonie
How are the wonderful ponies on Bronystate today? :)
*MMM-MMMMMMM!* *Someone get me out of here!!!!*
Things are quite well!
GigabitHarmonie: Pretty good, feeling a little under the weather. :$
Oh my, sounds serious!
/me pets AJIsAwesome
/me glomps GigabitHarmonie
Does he not look more dapper? http://i.imgur.com/DRXo4.jpg
Awww, well, I hope you feel tongs a lot better!
He does Meanwhile.
Thanks. :$
Meanwhile: Like a Sir.
/me puts GigabitHarmonie into a full nelson
GigabitHarmonie: We tried to find you guys at BFF. :(
A full nelson? :(
AJIsAwesome: And we tried finding you!
GigabitHarmonie: that headlock grip
Eli! :)
GigabitHarmonie: Where did you guys go? We were looking everywhere for you. :(
GigabitHarmonie: hi :) i've just been afk
Sup party people!
fucking school computers
/me glompels GigabitHarmonie more
Meanwhile spider needs a tophat
/me hugs Bronysith.
/me glompels GigabitHarmonie too
T: I thought about it but there's not enough room.
HoodyNinja: Nice to see you.
/me is glompel'd!
Meanwhile: I just looked at that pic (because I'm doing other stuffs) and OH MY GOD YOU'RE EVIL
NOPENOPENOPE.avi
00,10Sorry for delay was working on my resume
Hello! Is there a stream on?
PillowPoni: !
Bronysith: what kinda word is glompel anyways?
/me glompels Sumica into Eli
PillowPoni: http://i.imgur.com/h8594.gif ?
Eli: It's basically a love tackle.
Meanwhile: :D
Meanwhile: EXACTLY
Meanwhile: ZOIDBERG!
wellp
well everypony i am going to hit the hay
AJIsAwesome: ;) how sweet
off to practice
Zoidberg is a crab. That is an octopus.
Meanwhile: Plus I would smash that thing if I ever saw it when waking up
goodnight Maid_RainBow
night Maid_RainBow
Night, Maid_RainBow
Maid_RainBow: Night :)
Im not good at sea life
I am disappoint in your knowledge of aquatic creatures.
shit i gotta go
:(
bye HoodyNinja
HoodyNinja: Bye! :)
I hate school!
damn it
i wanted to set him on fire
Suddenly stream
Ponies in Pajamas!!
i guess Sumica will have to do
That was briefly creepy.
And then The PSYning
XDDDD
/me gangnam styles.
:O
/me dies of a heart attack, because of cutness overload of that pic before
XD
And then loud volumes, haha.
war
HOLY SHIT WHAT WAS THAT
*wat
That's an awesome vid
:D YAY SUMI STREAM
SCAD
The way it freezes on the closed doors for a while really makes that bit.
anypony here have Ultimate marvel vs capcom 3 for the ps3?
00,10so I am sure you all know of this by now
Yep.
Oh SCAD, your poor students.
I do not.
I have it for Xbox
I know he was working on it and even saw his storyboard for this
00,10A group is working on a full fan made ep
Sumica: no, because not all of us look continuously to fananimation
AJIsAwesome: you want to play now?
Ooh. Are they allowed to do that?
Bronysith: Play what?
00,10yep they got the ok
Sweet!
Awesome.
AJIsAwesome: UMvC3, didnt you say you had it?
Bronysith: No. I don't remember ever saying that. :S
:D
okey dokey then
/me sets AJIsAwesome ablaze
lol
13I SURRENDER!
for the confusion
/me dodges blaze
Twilight <3
GIANT RD
NOOOO
*Thud*
DED
Frank's animation was really good.
what are we watching there?
Super RD. :O
And Leah.
Tom
TOm
sqee
Hahaha
GigabitHarmonie: Which one was Frank's?
TOM!
Waffles ;3
waffles are better than pancakes
00,10the one that said frank
The one of Rainbow Dash falling.
GigabitHarmonie: Oh, okay.
Hello GigabitHarmonie! :)
the one of RD taking of was really impressive
NO
:D
Hello MadSurge!
hi
Rnbrlusus.
Noooooooo
GigabitHarmonie: get ur plot over here so we can hang out sometimes
I love this video. :D
DERPYYYYYY
;)
i totally wont use your body in experiments
Yay Derpy!
AND THIS TOO
13is this what people were begging me to show last time?
Parappa the Rappa FTW. :D
This is kindacool!
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Drawfriend Stuff #563
00,10chibimoon sweetie bell
I love how Fluttershy is Dan Hibiki XD
Dat Franky.
Wa ha ha!
DAT FRANKY :D
FRANKY
OMG PINKIE AS HARU HARA HARUKO?
Aw, Derpy. :(
Yespls
Who LadyCanary?
From FLCL
YEAAAH
yeah
00,10from FLCL MadSurge
Big Mclargehooves is best pony.
HAHAHA
fucking bloddy hell i need to be eating ze muffins before applejack sends the insomiac gnomes after Meanwhile
SUUUUUUUUUUPERRRRR!!!
Spike Shot.
kamina shades diamond dog
alexxm: those werent kamina shades
Sheesh, Twilight must've been pretty angry. :D
00,10I like all the little tie ins
alexxm: they were not orange
Yeehaw!
Bronysith same shape though
Hat retrieved!
alexxm: my fist is the same shape as your heart, doesnt mean my fist is your heart
Cybersix. <3
DAT CYBERTRIXIE
ok Bronysith
:O
CIBERSIX
Virtual reality Trixie
Xd
But Trixie shoul ABSOLUTELY not be the protagonist.
Indeed.
MadSurge: Agredd. :D
Great show, too bad they had to use her for it.
so trixies a crossdresser?
Mare Do Six.
EXTERMINATE EXTERMINATE
SCrewdroivah.
EXPLAIN!!!
Wave goodbye to your head wanker!
:D
Doctor Who, yaaaay
Ooh. Who. :D
DOCTOR WHOOOO
Yay, more Dcotor Who! :)
13hoo?
The girl in the fireplace~
Yay!
13hey it's natalie portman
Shizuka: Doctor Who- Oh, I get it. :D
Ah, the creepy clockwork s
13and
13short david schwimmer
*episode
XDD
00,10help me obi wan you are my only hope
I like this episode.
13hm she must have thought she's in the harry potter universe
Diagonelly.
I'll talk to yall later im just going to chill out for a while about this whole mess ok so a later
WHOhoooo
13on the camshaft of science
13of love
and it's even tennant!!
Meanwhile: Nope, Knockturn Alley
/me in Borgin and Bukes...
reality is so realistic...
I hate floo powder.
Sucks if you have allergies to that shit
Or dust of ANY kind
Space fireplace is best fireplace.
ah. that episode
Of course.
GigabitHarmonie: Will you guys at least be able to make it to PonyRenFest? :)
Hello BronyInstrumental
heya guys :)
BronyInstrumental: Hi :)
She was remarkably calm for a girl talking to a fireplace man.
how are things BronyInstrumental
GigabitHarmonie: did you upload that picture gallery yet? :)
even french!
TARDIS even does French.
i'm good, alexxm, had stuff to work on for school, hence why i wasn't here for a couple days :)
hey guys, you dont hppen to know how long red bubble usually tkaes to deliver?
gtg guys
sleep tight
The TARDIS speaks fancy?
<3
bye Sonny
Sonny: Bye! :)
Bye Sonny!
Now see, that /is/ scary
boom. gone
00,10hmm, browser crashed
OOOPS
aww
00,10rightthen.
So scary that sumis internet had to cover it's eyes.
any newcomers while i was gone?
BronyInstrumental: Just one. Forgot his name, though.
ah okay
time for a conversation topic. i hate 80s rock
00,10this might take a bit.
Good evening everyone, or whatever time it is where you are.
Allo Wirisme.
Wirisme: Hi! :)
Hello Wirisme
how goes it?
how are things Wirisme and Thrackorzod
Pretty good, what's been going on round these parts?
00,10cant connect to netflix now so I guess that is it for now.
Wirisme: Yeah, good morning is right c: Where abouts are you?
UK
Well fudge. Thanks for trying Sumica.
Ah.
It's 9:14 pm here
What county you in Wiris?
8:14am here :p
Lanc
Ah, Wilts.
3:10 PM here.
Awww
say wut?
and suddenly Sumica streaming some anime
:O anime!
anime time? i thought we were watching doctor who
Yay!
Gundam?
alexxm: browser crashed
Here, let me slide around.
look at them trying to do micro gravity! look at them and laugh!
I was just looking at a floppy drive music tutorial. It just really confused me lol
Errmahgurd GUNDAMZ
Yes, it's Gundam!
Gundam 00
Welp, I know nothing whatsoever of Gundam, but I'm sure if there are giant robots beating each other up at some point I'll manage to enjoy it.
Then this will be my introduction
00,10yeah sort of the back up plan
Lockon bby
Alright
00,10got english version so people dont have to read
Oh no, reading.
00,10yeah i know the horror
Heaven forbid we have to read.
00,10wont matter any ways, now we will have an omg dubs suck now
When will we learn?
:3
Declare war on war
00,10Dont think that has ever been an issue has it Kandarihu?
Kandarihu: i think my brain just melted... too late for fancy words
Too many usually's in that sentence*
Meanwhile: Agreed.
/me likes reading
/me agrees with PillowPoni|Minecraft
Reading is awesome
it is
00,10at least it's a bit more recent an anime so the voices will be better then avrage.
smirnoff?
^ :D
The main trauma that haunts me from dubbed anime is the absurd bowlderization for when it's adapted for children's TV. But I do generally prefer the original Japanese voice acting over a non-native dub.
whats this?
yellow eyes! main character.
I'm fine with this, though
Flyboy: gundam
boom
Or just learn Japanese :p
00,10they missed
DED
"I'm okay!"
fuck that, the japanes have an extra letter for every goldfish and his mom
i once tried watching OP and Fairy tail... Luffys or Happys voice is just unbearable
00,10you got human on my shirt
Eli: AGreed.
Doesn't give a fuck like a boss
Eli, the dub of One Piece?
Kandarihu: yeah
might help if I typed the channel name correctly
and we are NOT talking about 4kids are we?
Derrel Dodge.
...and they let that dipshit pilot a war machine?
I don'e even know why they tried to convert an anime meant for older audiences into a kid friendly show. :S
*don't*
AJIsAwesome, because money
bloop bloop hello everyone
Meanwhile: he gotta get the HECK outta Dodge!
well
Hello Derp_Derp!
....vader?
either a) money or b) animation - kids
Derp_Derp: bloop bloop :)
That pretty much sums it up I'd say
alright, so far we have a known vodka brand and the dark lord of the sith
how did those guys not get sued?
hi Derp_Derp
Ryunosuke: I know that, it's jst stupid how shoddy and terrible the US version is.
*just*
00,10it veda not vader
Sounds like vader, therefore vader.
ah well. good night guys. got school tomorrow
well, stil vodka
Eli: Night! :)
night Eli
*Dubbing
00,10indeed, still vodka
Night Eli
bye Eli
00,10not sure if that was his name
Night. have fun with your anime :)
Ryunosuke: thankfully we have nothing like 4kids
sounded like smirnoff
except shmirnoff
punch
PLOTTING
why are they all floating? that a station?
STOP SLIDING, WAAAALK
00,10yep, that was his name
hai...
Shmirnoff.
Hiya CCCP
'lo cccp
Well, One Piece is pretty much aimed for young children in Japan. It's not that 4Kids aimed to make it suitable for a demographic unlike what the original was for. They were tailoring it to a U.S. counterpart to the same demographic, but conforming to a buttload of vaguely defined zero-tolerance policies imposed on them by both the FCC and their own focus groups.
hi CCCP
Oh, that ball talking thing
CCCP: ohai :)
Hello CCCP!
hi FillyFlam Ryunosuke thelonepony AJIsAwesome and MadSurge
brb
sparkle thrusters activate!
and suddenly from the perspective of the muffin lord things look great
Fabulous Gundams!
Kandarihu: True. Very true. I
Oh, and I think they're one of the companies whose censors work on a quota system. Because of this, they HAVE to censor enough stuff in order for the censors to be seen as doing their jobs.
back
00,10nice hats
open hair in micro gravity
becasue that is SUCH a good idea
Myah.
So, is this the most recent Gundam series or did they do another in the meantime?
00,10they have done a remake of classic sence this one
MadSurge, there have been newer series. One is caled Gundam U.C. and I forgot the name of the other one, Ages?
pew!
What the hell is celestial being? a laser?
U.C. is the controversial series written by an extreme Japanese nationalist, with six months between each episode's release.
man... brilliant soldier
00,10the name of the orgnisiztion
Celestial Being is the group's name I thinkl
Meanwhile, yes
;pp
....so why is the scope INSIDE the cockpit?
Because cool and computers
00,10how else would you aim it
wouldnt it make more sense to have guidance systems outside the vehicle?
Sumica: HUD
Dat yay :D
swinging that huge thing around in the cockpit seems to limit the maneuverability of the weapon greatly
*smartass*
derp
jack of all stats gundam
hi
mary-sue bots
how long has anime time been on ?
15 minutes or so
oh so only this episode then
what are we watching next?
Who the hell are the two chicks discussing?
Welp, the end
00,10the two chick were discussing the actions of the gundams
okay, maybe longer than 15 minutes then
I how no idea what's going on
^
i like mechwarrior
western mech designs make such delicious sense
00,10the one with out glasses is a leader of a country falling on hard times because they relyed on oil rather then supporting the solar power program
Sumica: HA, idiots
CAN CAN!
CAN CAN PONY!
YAY
:D
YAY!!
what in the hell is this?
Dem references
Flyboy: a PMV
MadSurge: of what?
Flyboy: the Can Can.
aw yeah
:O
wat
there's a surprising amount of mlp related results when you search for fallout designs on redbubble
1000 years ago Granny Smith already existed
:
:D
yay
i'd rather be with luna than celestia
Ogod Ion Cannon
FIRE THE FRIENDSHIP CANNON
CROSS THE BEAMS!
harmony, bitch
orbital friendship cannon fired
TO THE MOOOOOOOOON
The Elements of Harmony were once a network of killsats?
00,10and that is how equestria was un made
whos the green pony
What is the music from, actually?
for whatever reason this reminds me of that tiny tim song living in the sunlight...
oo shiny
The Green OC is Sumica
BronyInstrumental: loving in the moonlight, having a wonderful time.
huh
what does the russian text say
RUSSIAN
name: sumica's quasi-oc
russian? oh dear celestia...
oh
More Gundam!
"Backup successfully restored", apparently
CELESTIA?
...
makes sense
:o celestia nooooooo
Princess
Azotistan.
then the princess gets shot
Next to Madeupistan
^
00,10is't that just south of Roboina?
Remember Madeupistan in Pandemic 4? It was even worse than Madagascar!
Fake countries mixed with real ones, how quaint
pew pew
Country has a name that ends in -stan, so it's clearly middle-eastern. But it can't be an Islamic country because the women are too nude-faced in public.
:T
But this is the fuuuutuuuure
pew pew pew
Wow. I can't believe how dirty I felt typing that.
00,10it's the future they some how managed to adopt that one trate from the west despite stiking to all the other ones
Wait, Sanji?
....
00,10saji
What are we watching?
Aw, I wanted some smoking frenchmen to join the crew.
00,10hard to belive the blond is in ValtheJean's game
Gundam 00 Obsidian
smexy time
jk
ok
2,14 eh? What you streaming Sumi?
00,1000 gundam
WOW
why so serous loo tenant
2,14 ah
The hell is that?
the bouncing ball
Bouncy bouncy
?
/me glomps cara
what was that bouncing robot thing
/me glomps ValtheJean
well mt everest just got served
...
"JAPAN BUILT A LADDER TO HEAVEN BEFORE US!"
name: indeed :D
goddamit stinkomanfan
00,10.......like you would have to say that a train the goes up an oribtal elevater would be non stop
dafuc is this
sonicandmario85 Gundam 00
FLOOOOAAAAAAT
well atleast on the moon fat people can walk
And then it breaks and falls back down.
sooo, space elevator?
00,10yeah
00,10there are 3 of them
It's just like the one in South Park
aperture science?
00,10they support the solar array
where were you, when they built that ladder to heaven
Uh, are we seeing Star Wars prequel-style handwaving of Newtypes?
So... Where's Celestia?
Sumica: how exactly do they counter the weight?
prinkles
Sumica: Shame something should happen to them...
00,10yes that's the first thing I want to do in zero g
i want to do that
00,10which weight?
Sumica: chasing around chips?
:O holy crap i want to do that
Sumica: cables
DONT GO IN SPACE WITHOUT A H-oh
Hopefully it'll be worth the weight.
aww gravity
i mean, it'S not like they just built massive hard structures into soace.... right?
But do we?????
Oh, hello Daft Punk
00,10there is your answere Dark_Horst
NOW WHERES LUNA?
so... simply giant pilars then?
expostion
JUMP
nice view
...this makes my head hurt on so many levels
leap of faith into earth
NOW FALL BACK TO EARTH
Goddamnit, vertigo.
da planet...
oops
00,10gg hero
Space OSHA's gonna be PISSED
DED
Nevermind
Dumb kids.
00,10and then every one was disapointed
awww
dumb kids
NOOO, LET THEM DIE
00,10........ it's pink
i wanted to see someone go up in a fiery ball of flames
stupid teens
and thats why i would stay in the ship
Pink is manly Sumica
not really
BACON IS MANLY NOT FUCKING PINK
she mad bro
i once let a kerbal fall back to earth. i had way more fun watching is inevetible demise than i should've had
BACON ON EVERYTHING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
CELESTIA!
sonicandmario85: Opinions. :P
Dark_Horst: :D you bastard
00,10I once exploded a kerbal in to orbit
:O a bacon coloured mech
This reminds me of the Ending of Sonic Colors.
AMAZING
*bacon is scatterd everywhere*
00,10I had him climb out of an exploding rocket
/me eats all bacon
00,10the blast launched him in to orbit
good evening all
GNGH STOP INTRODUCING CHARACTERS GUNDAM
lol
what is that on the back
hi Alchemist
Alchemist: Hi :)
00,10no one new has been introduced
what are we watching?
Hi Full Metal Alchemist
to slow a plane can do better
how are things Alchemist
that'S your period
THIS IS SPARTA
bad stuff incoming
Something's...throbbing.
Welp.
00,10he swaped to jerk mode
alexxm: well uni has started again, so work work work :D
come on, pop, explode already
that is jcokeys
good luck Alchemis
DAT ACTING
good luck Alchemist
She mad.
TELEPHATY
PEW PE
pink robot, fucking shit up
battletech?
bacon bot is a boss
is that giant thing what they used in power rangers lost galaxy? by thing i mean the giant ship
00,10it's ok, they did't need that bit any ways
Oh fudge,.
STOP SUEALING
uh oh
awww crap
*SQUEALING
theyre screwed
...
...That guy is annoying.,
soooo, you're in the part of the station that just completely ripped off the station
Well bye
no, there wont be any de-compression or anything, why you ask=
00,10and I am sure that the rest of the ring was't destablised by that missing section
yes yes you will
00,10nope not at all
he sounded to old to be a kid there
Sergei.
Sudden flashbacks
comrade sergai what have you done
sergei*
Sumica: its common engineering practice to add tons of useless blocks to space stations!
...just.... take your fance robots and pull it uo
*up
sergei noooo
...
:O
I watched Prometheus yesterday... I was a bit disappointed.
:(
00,10yeah that will work
he can do it
7 minutes is all i have to play with yo
00,10I am sure he can stread taht force out with out punching a hole in it
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Daily Dot Reporter Chase Hoffberger Delves into Bronydom
Nice going dumbass.
keep ot going
Shoo be doo! Shoo shoo be doo! Call upon the LEO Ponies, when you are adrift!
Oh yeah, I just did some calculations.
oon*
Make everyone panic, that'll help.
space ponies to the rescue!
Sumica: why, yes, that'S how science works!
00,10it'a gundamn
oh, suddenly it'S SPACE'S FAULT
DUN DUN DU
DUUUUUUUUUUN
save them, magic mary-sue bot!
Well that was easy
Why? Why such contrived conditions?
dang the old man got served
doing good? HOW DARE HE!
help him out bro
Evening everypony
Hello DerpyMuffins
how are things DerpyMuffins
"But I wanna die!"
00,10suddnly space suits
it sounded like he said sexual block on the first one XD
wait are those two gundam pilots or sumthing
DerpyMuffins: Hi :)
How they get in suits so fast?
yes, becasue those two robots have such controll ofer how that hiuge hunk of metal moves while pressing against that tin spot
the boy and girl
*tiny
hi DerpyMuffins
Dark_Horst: Logic, what's that? :P
hey everypony!
00,10snipe from ground
did he just say gundam meister?
Dat aim.
nice shot
Michael: hi :)
sup Michael
hi Micheal
i hope i misheard that
MLG pro aim
/me hugs AJIsAwesome alexxm thelonepony
Dark_Horst, that's the title of the gundam pilots in this installment
i wub Hugs :3
anime, you just went full cliché
....
cool, gundam?
Off to school gyze.
yep
Anyone seen my editor anywhere?
NO WAY
no deaths
/me has never seen gundam
and then they got hit by space garbage and died
Welp, end of the episode incoming
i'd like to has your babiehs
awww
suddenly ending
she was gonna say i has your babies
she stole his pet
NOPE, not gonna tell you I love you
00,10she wants to compleat docking procdiures with him
i'd still prefer an atlas any day
00,10Madcat here
lol Sumica
lulz
I think that was actually the last episode I watched. The next time it aired on Syfy, I missed it. And that's why I skipped out on the rest of the series.
Sumica: a madcat is fine too, of course
:d
...
intermission?
YAY
:O
HUMAN RD
this song, where i heard it?
Pinkie Pie did it
Hi.
I want Sampo made with ponies :D
pony fantasy four battle song
if only they made that game
Sumica, is your Netflix back?
It must be done
00,10no
omg
Looks like history's going to repeat itself, then.
:O ACQUARIUS!
what is there to cut
Gotta love classic Castlevania :3
PRESSS START
<_<
:D gotta love that AJ Belmont
hell yes!
gundam?
Und dann Ghost in the Shell.
what is song?
more gundam?
^
nvm
Ghost in the Shell!!
who you gonna call ghost busters
okey dokey lokey
Thrackerzod: that was Aquarius from Castlevania 3
MadSurge the current one
who you gonna call ghost busters
Testing.
Nvm.
...
hey Sumica question did you ever finish streaming fractale ?
aids
00,10woops did that one already
net flix
00,10no TheGreatAndPowerfulT
pew pew pew
00,10it got to be a bit too much mind fuckery
Gotta go guys. Be back later though
lol kk :3
00,10seemed no one could realy folly it
bye Obsidian
00,10er follow
bye obsi- never mind
Spider Tanks :3
bai Obsidian
00,10combat tank goes for a walk
wow the voice sounds like a little kid
Does the Major have a name? :D
lol
ok battle tank go for walk
name: I think that's the point
that's tachikomas for you
00,10Motoko Kusanagi
Ah, this episode.
huh
Spider Tanks have cute voices :3
Isn't this the episode centered mainly around the tanks?
wtf is that doing exactly?
awwww thats cute
It reminds me of a Portal turret.
Michael: just having a stroll
00,10in a way they are alot alike
name: they sound cute, but see that cylinder there in it'S front? that's a cannon
oh
can be switched with a minigun, depending on the mission loadout
00,10and the claws are machine guns
...
wow
friendship
00,107yr old and her pet tank
cute, isnt ist^^
a wise man said friendship was magic the way i see it its been nothing b ut tragic
so i thought this wasn't slice of life
The reticle keeps on aiming at her head :D
alexxm: it's sometimes. kinda like stargate
MadSurge, for analysis
ah ok Dark_Horst
DOGGY
poor doggy :(
HEY
Kandarihu: yes... just for analysis...
Winona got PWNED
XD
poor dog
:(
AJ will be mad
D:
Situational analysis
then aj comes out with a machine gun
00,10better then the grilled dog meat they were looking at before then
^
Dat box
:(
looky, found a brains!
IT CAN SEE EVERYTHING!!!!!
00,10notice all the snapses in side the box looked like people
lol
robot is best pet
yes a leash will stop a spider tank
...
dat voice change
wow. these officers have never seen military hardware
seems legit
aww snap
Dat downright rude.
00,10bluff - 100
voice synthesizer. lol
yeah, THAT'S SAFE
hey everyony
hole-ey crap
Pearly: hi :)
ohai Pearly
hi Pearly :)
i want a spider tank
Hello Pearly :) how are you today?
how are things Pearly
yay~ just got a new router ans wut not so now i can watch vids IN HD! :D also GitS nice :$
secret goldfish?
i also like how she fastened the line on the securing bolt of the cannons safety-covering
http://derpy.me/nu4pi
hai Pearly
Stupid cold.......:|
lool
what is this
being streamed
atm
00,10just a girl and her pet combat mech
ghost in the shell: stand alone complex
oh
i have only seen the movie
hey name MLP_Brovakiin and alexxm Michael thelonepony and AJIsAwesome how are y'all dears doing?
Pearly: I'm sick. :D
stuck in bed
Pearly: good :)
i'm good Pearly you
Pearly: Im good thanks, how are you?
Awww *gives AJIsAwesome some tea*
I don't get it. It was DEAD!
/me drinks tea "Thanks" :$
I am mighty fine, thank you for askin' y'all
/me cries
:( poor locky
welcome
feels
/me hugs name
STUPID GIRL *slaps*
/me hugs name
MadSurge: Oh, that's horrible. :D
00,10seems ratehr smart to me
YOU SENT ME ON A WILD GOOSE CHASE
/me gives a soup to name
hey cool, now we know the year
2024 isnt very far
XD
/me slaps MadSurge
00,10she knew all along
*goes away grumbling*
00,10tank has the feels
nope.avi
spider tanks cries Oils fluids
think it'S trying to emulate
tanks have feelings to
So I played RDR, wow... it's like LA NOIRE and GTA but back to the future 3-isk style..
/me slaps madsurge "SHUT UP OKAY"
And we never know that girl's name. :S
Pearly: it's an awesome game, isnt it?
hi everypony
oh shit, it's philosophing
hi MadBro
ohai MadBro
I like ti
it
....
MadBro: Hi!
Pearly: It's like GTA with horses :3
hai MadBro
Heya MadBro
hehe but the silly thing is, to hitch a horse to the post *giggles*
and random events
...
red dead redemption is good
haha yeah
wow
XD
tanks have feelings to
/me has no simpathy for the little girl. <_<
i want a sequel!
LA NOIRE was great
:(
00,10tank is becomeing self aware
there you have it togusa. straight from the cute widdle tanks.... er... lips?
voice synthesizer
dont erase the memory
:o
Imight comeback and play more of it
...
Pearly: What platform?
...
:O
/me sets chat on fire
im back
Ouch hot!
/me makes it rain
/me heals chat
its chocolate rain
sings fire of our friendghip
friendship
...
/me kills func_precipitation
I'm missing out on Ghost in the Shell? The horror!
no wonder shes alone
they're synthetic eyes anyway
crash.exe
no problem
major.exe encountered an error
DUN DUN DUUUUUUUUN
wut?
/me deletes major.exe
The Mayor?
...
moustache
/me sets flutter_spin on fire
/me burns with passion
crashes Ponyville town hall
/me derps oue
/me puts flutter_spin out
Fan service hooooo
/me shakes his wet mane loose
dont know what went wrong
flutter_spin: major. military rank
hello everypony.
Dark_Horst: No, I mean, the dude looks like "The Mayor of Townsville"
ohai Dovah
straight in the feels
oh, that
hi
hi Dovah
...eeeeh
my tears!
dont see it
hey, what movie will be show today?
"For a movie.": :|
hi Dovah
So, what did the little girl had to do with the rest?
lol. tough critic.
I mean, friday, wich movie will be?
Envenomed: movies are only scheduled during movie nights. friday and saturday
Envenomed: dat would be a surprise
yoda
Also, robots shouldn't be able to cry. Or cyborgs, whatever.
yoda in a hat
yes, I know, my mistake, nest friday wich movie will be show here?
Envenomed: it'S also on the homepage B)
Fight's Club?
fight club and day after tomorrow
/me murders Envenomed
why do people break the first rule?
yep. and Sumica , that's just silly
Because you're so unfunny they feel compelled to.
Like this. Fight.
Club.
See? :P
war bar
brb
...
:O
AJIsAwesome: No it is more of a violent gathering :D
./nick <name here>
wow!
she knows how to get things done
MLP_Brovakiin: H:D
:'( thats mean
brains in jars are scary shit
F¡ght club
*:D*
tadaaaa
NOPE
lol. He avoids the question
dat eyes
hey Derpy_Hooves
hai
Marx Brothers are funny :)
*sigh* Apparently indie movies don't exist in this future.
totally makes sense
00,10Sup Derpy_Hooves
ohai Derpy_Hooves
hi Derpy_Hooves
Allo Derpy_Hooves.
hoi Derpy_Hooves
Hello Derpy_Hooves
the end.
hai hai hai hai and hai again
Hey Derpy
hai
ohai
Hey Everypony! :)
So I didn't understand anything about that. Yay!
hi DerpDash
Hello DerpDash
lol
hi DerpDash :)
how are things DerpDash
ohai DerpDash
Hi Derpy_Hooves
MadSurge: I guess you have a Pinkie's brain
thse lyrics lol
Now we got 3 Derpys on
back
Im fine alexxm
This is gonna be confusing
flutter_spin: you mean ADD? probably :D
MadSurge: tachikoma found brain in jar. brain in jar had traploop that kept people in there when they tried to connect
HUZZAH! The Derpy has been tripled!
don't mock the lyrics. They make sense to an indepth mind.
WOOOOOOOT
beep beep beep
Dark_Horst: such contrived plots...
starer at scootaloo
flutter_spin: and what do they mean then?:S
BEEP BEEP BEEP :D
/me bobs head
stare*
Beep Beep Beep!
cute, isnt it?
/me cute overload
d'aww
oh god.. too much.. cute
baby dumb dumb dumb
The background never changes.....
/me puts twilight_sprinkle in a blender
Are they even moving?
The definition of a human is being questioned when the sheer explanation of what makes up a brain is questioned. If your knowledge is only that remains, does that still make you human?
/me drags Bronysith in with him
00,10ponyville is realy big once every one realised famous ponies lived there
:'( TWILIGHT NOOO
Derpy_Hooves: it's a Flintstones' living room!
lol
Wrong Derpy
I mean DerpyMuffins
Snake eaaaater~
Pony Royal?
Sumica: This is pretty good. What's the name of this PMV?
oh yea, they streamed this at the little brony get together at dragoncon as well
FLUTTERSHY
00,10ponies Royale
head shot
Its a James Bound opener with MLP
Okay thanks. :)
d
ello everypony :$
flutter_spin: and what about smelling lithium?
Yo~
hi Scoot-Scootaloo :)
fluttershy why you kill rainbow
hey Scoot-Scootaloo
:O DERPY
ello Scoot-Scootaloo
Sumica: how about we stream the OTHER Casino Royale? :D
hoi Scoot-Scootaloo
hai Scoot-Scootaloo
00,03>: (
hi Scoot-S`
damn it
and then everypony died
Hey Scoot-Scootaloo!
whoever who made this, deserves a medal
Whats wrong Scoot-Scootaloo? :S
00,10it's an angry bird.
:O
fluttershy noo
:I
and then video pulled the "best pony" card
BOOOO RD IS NOT BEST PONY
FREEDOM TI THE PEOPLE
We doing Requests now?
Lithium is an alkali metal. Since your essence is replaced with a metallic shell, your senses are deadened. All you can smell is what the replacement body can replicate.
apperently Google is God
wut
look up church of google
ive heard this song before
And then AHM BLOO
HI
well google can kiss my shiny metal plot
name: i'm blue - eiffel56 or whatever they are caled
hi
Sumica name of pmv?
Heya Hipster-Pony
:p
ohai Hipster-Pony
oh
00,10Flutterpie is blue
Dadadimdadadam, dadadim
hai Hipster-Pony
tnx
Dovah: actually, I'm making all this up on the spot. Not using google.
...
flutter_spin: what?
lol lady gaga ?
...
flutter_spin: thank you, oh indepth mind
Get out.
:O the laws of physics
no name no
flutter_spin: i just poped into chat to give that random tidbit of information
what are we going to watch next?
Sentry dooown!!! D:
lol twilight_sprinkle. Sorry. I didn't mean to boast. I'm just a deep thinker.
/me shoots pinkie
flutter_spin: and then you boasted again :P
dat glasses
look at this sweet shirt i found http://www.redbubble.com/people/sirhcx/works/9131468-ante-up
how dare you break the laws of physics
/me protects pinkie
/me jumps in the way of the bullet
makes me actually contemplate ordering there
/me commences bullet time
Silly name, you cannot hurt Pinkie Pie unless she WANTS to be hurt
More like an identification
suddenly GITS
in case y'all didnt know doctodoctorwho got his fic published
flutter_spin: i just thought it had something to do with their mechanical body additions and then mathematics in the code, altho i dont know muc habout the show.
Ryunosuke: you missed one ep already
doh
what is this?
twilight_sprinkle: pretty much it. Same kind of stuff gets thrown about in Serial Experiment Lain
today has been... busy
/me "fine" shoots pinkies friends except for derpy and fluttershy
/me blocks all bullets with his chest thus dieing for a cause
one of the people that was shot in Benghazi was a well known diplo in EVE... all of EVE is sad today
Sumica, what are you going to do after this if Netflix is still down?
00,10dis ep, I dont care for it
/me reloads and shoots again
/me protects pinkie friends with a forcefield
MASF123: Nooooooo!
Oh yeah.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGHHHH *shoots self*
The Major is kind of that nick. She's there, but in a robot body. Can she feel? Is she human? I really like it when they throw those questions around in the episodes
/me twitches
T_T
/me transforms MASF123|Deceased into a zombie
/me bleeds
.
00,10it just dont seem intersting to me
/me burys MASF123|Deceased at sea
Hmmm....?
the rp it hurts
Like... no tanks, guns, or explosions?
/me revives MASF123|Undead
/me wakes up and kills michael
/me dies again
bye
/me Coughs out blood
00,10it has plenty of combat.
/me is ded
Oh gawd! D:
Sumica: ...is it the one with the gatling tachikoma?
There's way too much /me in here.
00,10just meh on the whole story.
The hay just happened?
00,10and it's a stand alone ep
aw, i remember it now. i liked it^^
Nice mission directive.
"Get in there and find out what the hell's going on."
metalgear
...
its god
/me injects heroin
/me noms Meanwhile
/me come back to life
Damn name change didn't work
/me puts Meanwhile in a room with molestia
of course!
they're just that good
what wouldn't they have?
...
/me kicks back and enjoys the sights.
/me throws Bronysith into the same room with Meanwhile
"dead" end
cutest tanks you will ever find
00,10Tachcoma's remind me of Cabbose
Spider tanks are so cute :3
Sumica, would you ever ask someone to animate your OC and have an hour of dancing on The stream?
/me noms on Bronysith
lol. Never thought of that Sumica
What if there's a massive gaping hole behind the barricade?
As in R63 Sumica dances seductively to (insert song here)
http://cheezburger.com/6435376128
That robot's voice...it so...familiar.
for a second there i though it was something else
00,10not sure if I would ask for it, but I would not turn it down if some one wanted to do that.
Lo. Sumica.
Lol
Bronysith: why would that happen!?!
Bronysith: wut?
or we could always stream gen 3.6, like i said Sumica there is not enough of it on stream
how could this happen to Skyrim?
No...G3.5
We ALL love that. >_>
aww cute spider tank
ew
uuuuhhh dat is a cool minigun
Michael: ikr?
yay let stream 3.5 :D
:d :d :d
nooooooooooo
The ultimate challenge
dont do it
Applejack2012: u like ponies, dont you?
Honest, the robot's voice sounds SO familar...I can't put my mind into it...
http://cheezburger.com/6352121344
oh the joy of internal HUDs
lol
00,10depends on which one you referto
00,10each tank has it's own voice
http://cheezburger.com/6335812352
who doesnt love ponies Michael?
Applejack2012: IKR
Applejack2012, parasprites
the plots thickens
and Changelings
Bronysith: funfact, there was no twitter at that moment
...
leader- one who leads
if ya know what he means
Gyorg is worst boss
IM ALIVE
:O
Ugh. I took apart a laptop, almost complete disassembled it. I did this almost a month ago. Now I have to put it back together. T_T
/me buries name alive
ambush
it's alive!
00,10troll tank
Gyorg is awesome, Time Eater is worst boss
/me gets out of burial
lol look on the corner
Barbetos|AtWork: That sucks. Hope all goes well.
majoras mask is my fav zelda game
so awesome
that's mighty big iron togusa's wielding there
...
DUN DUN DUUUUUN
Sumica: dis be GITS?
I've yet to finish it, I'm still on pre great bay
/me gives the majora's mask to name
00,10yeah
?
what am suppsoed to do with this
am i*
You're tearing me apart old lady!
wear it, it would be fun, name
supposed*
hmmm
/me puts on Michael
wut
...
/me snatches it from Micheal and give it to Pinkie Pie
shadows of the colossus <3
the mask was a lie :D
oh snap
DUN DUN DUN
....
dat awesome timing *cough*
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Poll Results: Best Canon Non-CMC Foal
cupcake is a lie
Bronysith: How far are you into the game?
hax, she wouldnt be able to see if she was invisible
AJIsAwesome: beat it
Bronysith: NIce!
/me takes the real one and puts it on me
MUAHAHAHAHA
AJIsAwesome: now i need to do the hardmode and time attacks
ie done it
All hell will break lose. Weeee!!! :)
Bronysith: DOn't forget to get the extra material. :)
brb i got to call an airstrike on Meanwhile s hometown
I'm confused.
Sounds like Nuketown
Kill them Tachcoma!!
lol. Robot answer: Blow a hole
/me murders MASF123
go minigun!
MASF123: dont reference crappy games
now it sounds like bf3 in metro
yatatatatata
smart man
ill brb
crap theyre screwed
Giant spidertank can be taken out by a few wimps with machineguns. Yep, totally believable
...
brb
GO HUMANS
Why is it so bad to not want to be a cyborg again?
MadSurge: they're only lightly armored and the future has some pretty crazy rifle ammo
aww thats sweet
00,10HV ammo
the brats in the... what? lol
lulz rpg
Dat "Aaah"
In this future I'd be the insane guy in a shack in the woods refusing to get back to society
hey yo wuts up everypony
and she dies
ohai scout19_tf2
Hey scout19_tf2!
sup scout19_tf2
...
i remmeber that guy witht he funky 9mm ammuntion that gave his uzi the penetration power of an AM rifle
:O
13http://i.imgur.com/NXmEI.jpg
13halp
ohai scout19_tf2
DUN DUN DUUUUUUN
DUN DUN DUUUUUN
DAWWWWWWWWWW
the plots thickens
Shizuka: kitty <3
Shizuka: awww :3
"Link with me"
aww tanks gossiping
dirty talk for spider tanks
i like the robots voices
Dark_Horst: Sounds kinky. :D
a kitty surrounded by Raritys :D
OH MY SHIZU >w<
13canary canary~<3
hole-ey crap
Shizu Shizu <3
...
Erryday ahm linkin
13srsfacemajor
13.tif
hey HappyCanary
dat chinese credits
Hiya
..
My friend just bought a pony...
pedo
:I
:|
ohai HappyCanary
:| i am not amused
Meanwhile: That depends. What kind of pony was it? :D
what does incredible math even mean
math that's incredible!
One that's fluffy and cuddly apparently.
lol dancing pony
alexxm: linear algebra!
wuts up HappyCanary
lol. incredible math is sort of a metaphor for her complex brain
night guys
MY EARS
SumiSumi :3
YAAYYYY
derpface 6_9
alexxm: but maybe programming codes
bye alexxm
More Derpy! <3
derp derp derp
whoa
Gnight alexxm
EPIC
AGAIN
well, her brain is the only thing organic on her
one does not simply not love derpy
00,10hihi HappyCanary
Did she say Simonac? :D
THIS SONG.
oh dis song again
lol boromir meme
Dark_Horst: exactly. It sort of the only thing left.
: | <---- poker face
What you need is a good smack.
AWW YEAH
http://rebrickable.com/sets/mahjqa/tachikoma I wished they had passed that lego project
GO SPIKE
dat spike
HELL YEAH SPIKE
lol
dragon swag
spike ftw
i wanna watch shrek 2 now
I'm going to make a BBQ sandwitch
too much make up
aww crap
all the make up
name: That's the point. :D
hate girls wit too much makeup
they got owned
:'( my eyes hurt now
lol
...
AGAImM
...
wtf
ohai code ment
:O
Code Ment!!
LOL
DAT CODE GEASS
Furevur.
forever!
Oh god XD
Code Geass abridged?
foreeeverrrr :O
five-ever
lol
Bby will u luv me 5ever
lol
dat chess
ello everypony
le bush
ohai WildRepublicGuard
LOL
dat house
hi WildRepublicGuard
Ji WildRepublicGuard
ello WildRepublicGuard
:D
hi WildRepublicGuard
...
wuts up WildRepublicGuard
lol. Wait, didn't you air this before?
LOL
lol
twinkies
And for that, I thank you
DAT BATTLE THEME
lol
93%
:O
LOL
Dat continued firing.
keep shooting
:D
KEEP SHOOTING
:D
XD
lol
wow O-o
Weeeaaak
keys
BOOBIES
boobies!
whoa boobies
lol
hello everypony how are y'all
boom headshot
ohai DJ_POn-3
DJ_POn-3: hi
Hi DJ_POn-3
DJ_POn-3: good :D
sup dj pon 3
Heya DJ_POn-3
Hello DJ
hi DJ_POn-3
:D
Hasbro trucks carring smaller Hasbro trucks!
13MIAMI
lol
Miami is a funfest :D
no likes Miami
13JAAAAAAAAAAAA
....
YEAAAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!!!!
power of the purple eyes
dat The Who
YEAAAAAAH
Dat song.
....
Dat Dead Or Alive
le wild spinzaku appeared!
It's time for me to go, I have 6 hours of engineering tomorrow :P
lol
Pinkie Pie would be proud. :D
MLP_Brovakiin: Bye! :)
what was the vedeos name
bye MLP have fun with that
woah MLP_Brovakiin , have fun, bye
Bye MLP
bye MLP_Brovakiin
watch the hair
bai MLP_Brovakiin
OKAAAAY
lol
:D
Name it's call Code ment
/me hugs AJIsAwesome, twilight_sprinkle, DerpyMuffins, Michael, name, <3
:D
Pizza guy?
TDM
Team Deathmatch!!!!
Dat 4-way
dat repeat
13team deathmatch...star
TEAM DEATH MACH
team deat...
STAP IT
dat fast talking
teamkiller
13TEAMKILL
lol
Yaaay, dance :D
Strike a pose.
brb
...
lol
time to die brother
shoot em
shoot him
i'm in biiiiiig Trouble
DED
LOL
boomheadshot
dat crying
TEAM DEATHMATCH
lol
dat theme
13TEAM SLAYER
epic theme
?_?
Team Deathmatch!!
XD
list
Welp.
GHOST NAPPA
okaaaay
hot blond
:D
oh nooooooo
0_0
ewww
That horse guy again :D
Hahaha
LOL
lol
5 girls... one cup?
Kill Bill briefly.
dat bitch
:D
lol
NOOOOO NOT THE BEE
lol
13sandvich
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO :'(
Chamf chamf chamf
So many sandvich
JAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSPPPPPEEEER
Nom nom nom
...
LOL
shes gettin strong by sandvich
Burn the witch1
lol
huh
hello
she got a knife
:D
:d
I have killed before, and I will kill again!
pizza aint no joke folks
i'm back
gooooood timez
whoa
/me laughs
MMM WHATCHA SAAAAAY
ddddddaaaamn
all the blood
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
goooooooood timez
Ded.
shes blind
Hey everyone, What's up?
slap
ohai Benickerson
wuts up benickerson
i hate bees
not the bee :(
wut?
dat shaman king
:'(
http://i.imgur.com/4xEuq.gif
:(
NOOOOOO :'(
evening everypony ^_^
pimping
LOL
XD what is this? It's freakin halarious!
hi BladeWings
Not sure what to make out of the ending
GODDAMMIT, Meanwhile ;3;
s
hi BladedWings
wuts up bladedwings
.
ohai BladeWings
Ohai BladedWings!
ello BladedWings
Hi BladedWings
Skeepgoot.
hi BladedWings :)
i feel da wubs ^_^
there's a shallow end of the pole?
rofl
lol
boom...
:d
Bite Me Banana man!!
lol
u want a banana
:D ok this is funny!
lol
:D
KISSS MY SHINY METAL PLOT
vuvuzela!
:D
XD
Vuvuzelas :D
BEDTIME
xd
wut?
:d
mew
xD
^^
we meet again!
:d
CriticKitten: Night :)
Quoting the stream. :P
CriticKitten: Sory :$
:d
i love this anime, only one thing i cant get over
I have never seen the show, but I feel like I'm not missing out on much
lol
Hi everyone!
He's Darkwing Duck
hi Joy
ohai Joy
the dark knifght
Darky?
BATMAN
knight*
wuts up joy
Adam West
call him destiny
Zero
No there isn't.
Darkwing Duck is awesome.
BATMAN -insert batman theme-
-0
What are we watching?
dat BF1942
That Battlefield theme.
whoa that was cool
weeeee
love dat game
lol batman
love dat soundtrack
does japs
lol.
wut?
...
:D
No Rarity. DIE!
random brain explode
simba
00,10.....odd
MOH
I want to meet THIS TEXT
Sumica, are you aware of the new FiW short?
top right
That text.
next one
seen it
yay
which one this or that
Not this Time Anime Batman!! :D
LOL
anime batman
lmao
LMAO
batman is trying to be epic
Everyone's tripping balls.
...
i'm tripping balls
lol
im triping balls
*facehoof*
IM TRIPPING BALLS
ahhhhhhhh
whoa! he can move his coat?
/me poos
Hahahahaha
ssj zero
xD
This stuff is funny.
/me "AAAAAAAAAAAA" poos
not the turbin
i lol'd
XD
har
smexy lady
ahhh anger
The green hair doesn't do it for her
anger!
uh
sounds like some dbz action going on
rejected
LOL
...
the power of love?
WHOA
PINKIE
:d
or some other anime
She sounds like Pinkie in the .MOV series
lol
:D
Hi everypony :) happy international video game day :)
...
hi cachi01|phone
uhhhhh. She is really attractive
Guys, my brony friend tried to kill me today.
ohai cachi01|phone
ello cachi01|phone
SLUUUUURP
finish me
Hi, cachi01|phone How're you?
LOL
SpeedyBolt, really? Why?
SpeedyBolt: how?
08,01http://i.imgur.com/V8yHJ.jpg
ALL BECAUSE I said Pinkie Pie wasnt my favorite pony.
SpeedyBolt kill yourseñf before he kills you! No wait......
*was
this is way better then the actual anime
lol
Jeez, I fucked up.
SpeedyBolt I WILL KILL YOU
dat dbz
lol
But yeah, his favorite is Twilight, I said I liked Pinkie better
Hey everypony! :D
DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOGE
SpeedyBolt: lol, only for that?
hi Ponies47
Ponies47! <3
at least it isn't green
ohai Ponies47
Only for that, Michael
Hey, Ponies47 :)
dat Ponies47 :3
hey ponies47
hi Ponies47
she is a cute princess
:d
SpeedyBolt: dat is what i say: extrema fandom
wat is this crap?
btw my teacher asked me to draw a symbol of loyalty http://t.co/xMHSt0Bl
Pinkie + Applejack?
08,01Meanwhile: hehehe
LOL
dat music
dat music
lol
TDM
dats beast cashi
what is that from?
TEAM DEATHMACH
lol
Dem Prodigy
scout19 lol thx
/me 08,01nuzzles Ponies47
Must leave. Must not.... oh look Guitar Man
D'aww
Und now for something completely different.
g3g be back soon
His Castle Crashers mix introduced me to his work
flutter_spin: it's "Voodoo People" by Prodigy
where have i heard this before?
00,10super metrod
ah, there
Prodigy made invaders must die right?
00,10yeah cachi01|phone
Yay
Hey if anyone's interested I was gonna livestream some pony stuff in a few minutes.
<.<
>_>
but but ... they won't have Sumica dancing on the stream
also no advertising
00,10please dont come here to advertise.
Oh, right sorry :( I forgot
I see Sumica's OC loves this. :D
dat metroid
Øh damn im missing metroid
Hell yeah Super Metroid Ridley theme!
....
And now boss theme!
This man's room.
SO. MANY. AMAZING. POSTERS.
00,10and they are diffren in like every video
And he is playing ze metals. *swoons*
Yay, you're a HappyCanary now! :)
all the background art
G'night everypony! :)
der shud be pony posters everywhere
night GilDash|Reading
Gnight GilDash|Reading
GilDash|Reading: NIght :)
*Nice*
I now have Spaghetti
night GilDash
And now Lower Norfair!
Swear to god if he has a Death poster somewhere on the wall, I will scream
/me Join Deadpool Incorporated, the best guild on the Sorrow's Furnace server of Guild Wars 2, because I'm in it ;) .
SpeedyBolt: Make sure you keep it in your pockets.
/me Feels like a complete idiot right now :S
00,10long medily is long
Ponies47: Why?
This is from Metroid right?
DeadpoolDash: do u play GW2?
yes
why Ponies47?
whats wrong Ponies47
It's so beautiful, Sumi *o*
DeadpoolDash: what server?
SpeedyBolt: Tep
*Yep*
Sorrow's Furnace
Michael: It says in his /me post...
oh k
00,10hope this has the escape theme
DeadpoolDash: you should move to Sorrow's Edge and play with me.
Oh bby
00,10.....did not know he knew how to play that
*gasp* i know this theme!!!!
DAT OCARINA
Well I decided to wear my brony wristband to school and someone else noticed they had no idea what it was so he started spreading it around and they couldn't figure it out either. So my guess one's gonna do some research see what a brony is and then tell everybody else. :/
00,10yeah I need to put a copy of this on my phone
DeadpoolDash: It is.
my friend made a song with this beat called Thanatos
Ponies47 haters gonna hate
the abandoned ship?
00,10Ponies47, fuckem
Ponies47: dont worry, be happy~
tell him "welcome to the herd"
Sumica: what was that!?
Who was that?
BladedWings: "The H stands for HAMAZING!"
Ponies47: same thing I did with my pony.mov shirts :D
Ham is amazing
00,10guy goes by FamilyJules7X on youtube
would anymind making a pony of my school mascot?
Moremusic!
Sumica, bollocks
anyone*
Plus they weren't saying brony right either. -_-
there is no sorrow's edge meanwhile
Sumica: k...i shall find him cause i wanna hear that ending part again
00,10so any one know this song?
let me guess... BRONAI right?
DeadpoolDash: Yeah I probably said it wrong, I'm shite with the name, hang on.
this is mc
Minecraft.
dat gental music
00,10eeyup
Ponies47: Let me guess. They said "brownie" right?
i liek brownies
Brownie or bronai (I)
AJIsAwesome: They said somthing along the lines of bonnie -_-
lol getting brownie mixed up wit brony
Toot Toot Toot Toot
this is minecraft music?
oh wait
DeadpoolDash: Have no idea what I was thinking when I said that, Stormbluff Isle is the server name .-.
lolz
Ponies47 u didnt found any brony?
all five of my characters are on Sorrow's Furnace
cachi01|phone: Yes one on the first day of school. I should tell him about Bronystate :P
I think moving server's costs money
Ponies47 cool :)
Ponies47: You definitely should.
00,10one more
Ponies47: do it!
DeadpoolDash: Unless they've changed it, it should still be free.
00,10this one goes well with kerbals
den tell us his username
dat starfox coffe
"Can't let you brew that, Starfox!" :D
I hate getting gold seller mails
press z or r twice
dat music :D
/me has yet to tell his other brony friends about bronystate :I
Well better be prepared for tomorrow. God only knows what's gonna happen. Ah I'll be fine. They start poking fun at me I'll just ignore, ignore and ignore :3
/me still needs to.find some.bronies
Ponies47: I'm pretty sure you'll be fine. Just keep your head up high. :)
00,10So I trues you all know the song =p
wow it is free to transfer right now
Ponies47: yup
does anyone else here play GW2?
nope.avi
Noope
eeyup
DeadpoolDash: Most of the folks who do are on Stormbluff on our guild.
00,10gears of war?
Guild Wars.
Guild Wars 32
*2
Guild Wars 2
spred da word well grow stronger
Thats GoW silly Sumica
Oppan Gangnam Style.
<.<
Nope, Gundam.
lmao
Close enough.
how many are there meanwhile?
:O
Oppa GUndam Style!!
GUNDAM STYLE. YES.
xD
this brony club at my school is almost a go :$
XD
TO MAINSTREAM TO MAINSTREAM ...
Sumi you magnificent being.
oppan gundam style
really? is ther a facehoof emot?
awww yea gandam style
DeadpoolDash: Not many tbh, we're working on bringing anyone who plays from here to it.
00,10would you even say cesteal being HappyCanary?
Dohoho
00,10hehehe
OHOHOHOHOHOHOH
cachi01|phone: yup all we need to do is find a teacher willing to host it :$
what they did there... i see it
Yay!
Mebbe, Sumi :3
/me gangnam styles
did you all randomly pick Stormbluff Isle? Cause I picked Sorrow's Furnace due to the GW1 reference
ehhhhh sexy lady
Well when the other kid asked me what the wristband was. I MAY have gone a LITTLE Flutterbitch on him saying it was none of his business :$
YEAH I LOVE HOMEWORK LUCKILY I HAVE AT LEAST 2 HOURS OF IT EVERYDAY SO I CAN CONSTANTLY BE DOING SOMETHING I ENJOY
Ponies47: nice going
00,10best bet Ponies47, dont make a big deal of it.
Ponies47: ponies are srs bussiness
op op oppan gangnam style
dat zaku
00,10they wont give a shit if you dont react.
Meanwhile what is you ingame name?
Sumica: So I bucked up huh?
cachi01|phone: one friend says a teacher watches the show with their kids
00,10only a little, it's fixable
so possible hope
Ponies47 bad start my friend....... You should have told them ''its just a.wristband i liked'' or ''it means i like ponies''
depends if he likes the show
DeadpoolDash: Meanwhile.9163
Ponies47: what did your wristband say Brony?
<.<
shoo be doo
Shooo be dooo
DJ_POn-3: eeyup
oh my god
here we go
Thanks for the stream, Sumica!
YES
Shoo be Doo
Oppan Gundamn style!
THanks, Sumica :)
Aw end of Sumi stream. Thank you Sumica <3
Shoo be doo shoo shoo be doo.
Thanks for stream Sumi
thanks for the great music and hilarious vids Sumica
Ponies47: so u went Flutterbitch on em awseome
thanks Sumica, for the stream
Thanks for streaming Sumica.
I remember when I used to hate sea ponies, but then I took a suica to the knee
call upon the sea ponies
*sumica
/me slaps cowvarkian with a cinderblock.
Thanks for the stream Sumi
00,10hopefull can get things fixt for next time
mine is Kristof Bowen.7345
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Plushie Compilation #82
bye everyone and thanks for stream sumi
EETS BACON AND APOLJECK! DERE AWRITE!
bye wirisme
Thanks for the anime Sumica!
bye Wirisme
bye wiri- oh.
dat pic
thanks for the stream Sumica
Dat picture. HNNNNNNNNNNNNNG
filly mane 6
hello bronies
http://i.imgur.com/WQfbZ.png
hi DaringDerpy
ello DaringDerpy
ohai DaringDerpy
/me presses ctrl+alt+del
/me restarts his heart
/me Needs to learn how to communicate with people in real life correctly
No wait!!!! I want insulin :(
Ponies47, don't we all?
heavy rain?
Granted, some of us have already fufilled that need.
Light rain
no
oh god, its so heavy!!!
sup Daringderpy
no no no
Who is streaming now?
NOOOOO
l
Not sure.
SlurryMoon: is that you?
What's this?
Who IS streaming?
03 I am here
whats going on here?
-throws muffins in the chat
SlurryMoon: is that you streaming?
Bronysith u dont liek heavy rain?
:D Hiya Slurry!
I just get asked one simple little question and I go complete Flutterbitch on him *Facehoofs*
03 oh no it isn't
cachi01|phone: i fucking love it
ohai SlurryMoon
Oh it's Heavy Rain.
WHO IS STREAMING?
Hi SlurryMoon
This is heavy rain!
hi SlurryMoon
Meanwhile: stab your kids with a knife
Hey SlurryMoon
put yp clothes on dude
Bronysith: Foff.
cachi01|phone: but by god it is depressing
Bronysith same here lol then why the nonoNonoNONO?
oh
SlurryMoon: Hi! :)
What's this now? The Sims?
heavy rain
/me murders Buytoast
Heavy Rain, I see....
nope, heavy rain
who's streaming ps3?
What? Heavy Rain? NOOOOOOPE
nah, just go downstairs naked
Just got here, what?
ah
what is this about?
Hello Everypony :)
Dovah: not spoiling
Who's playing?
Cypresswolf: Hi :)
ohai Cypresswolf
Hey Cypresswolf
hi Cypresswolf :)
Bye guys, going to bed!
WHO THE FUCK IS STREAMING?!
ello Cypresswolf
hi Cypresswolf
Less caps lock.
Is this one long quicktime event?
Hello
ello Cypresswolf
one of the gamers
Bronysith: aww but i'll probobly only be listening to the stream...
hi Cypresswolf
Meanwhile: WHO THE FUCK is streaming
mitamaking: Pretty much, yeah.
MadSurge: Night :)
^_^ Today was fun - I pissed my boss off yesterday
hey Cypresswolf
mitamaking: yes :D
Oh god.
/me Punchs Bronysith "Stop with the Canterlock" :|
why is he showering?
lol
Oh hai Val.
oh cool
Caramel!!
ValtheJean: <3
Hi ValtheJean :3
cover those hands
its ValtheJean :D
ValtheJean: is this your first time in the game?
<.<
Val u r fucking awesome
censor it
dat censored
Dat censoe
dat censor
Caracensored.
surprize
censor
an water we watching
note to self, always use caramel to sensor from now on
I forget, what is this game called?
Press X to do stuff.
so drying yourself? Best game ever?
....Heavy Rain, an action-packed thrill ride of drying yourself with towels!
its heavy rain
cowvarkian: that is one part of the game
its not as bad as you think
You actually playing or is this a video?
Bronysith: so, yes
cowvarkian its just one part
Its 45 minutes from quitting time & I get home early so I can go over some new hire training log - he calls to tell me of a list of things he wanted me to do today, then asked where I was...
Dat Caramel streaming?
AH! A Caramel stream ^_^
heavy rain is not as bad as you think it is >.>
I know what it is, just making fun of it
cowvarkian and the game is fucking awesome
cowvarkian: by that logic skyrim should be called "arrow to the knee"
its pretty good
So does this game get better?
dat Caramel
THAT is one sexy son of a bitch
yes
Bronysith: go ahead then, what do I care
mitamaking: yes it does
mitamaking: It's a mystery murder type thingy.
dont cut youself! you'll get the bad ending!!!
cowvarkian: or l4d is the "i hate everything" game
But it never stops being quicktime events.
wife was nice in the intro, means she dies soon
Meanwhile: The razor did it
inb4 he cuts himself. :D
also known as Meanwhile s fav game of all time
Everyday life: the video Game
I don't like this game.
Heavy Rain, an action-packed thrill ride of brushing your teeth!
if you dont dry just right you lose the game
or just the "press x to do y" game
pony_5009 there are like 4 bad endings
Leaving the tap on while brushing your teeth?
How wasteful
The sims
extreme toothbrushing
It'd be fine if it was a movie.
Meanwhile: but they made it a core part of the game instead of just having 2 quicktime events throughout the whole fucking game
all the wasted water
But it isn't. Therefore it sucks.
Being the honest guy I am, I told him - :) My punishment - fix a flat cart tire thats been sitting there for a month (he exagerates :P - it was less than a week) Easy fix - reseal air tube ^_^
I don't want to play Quicktime Events: The Game.
I want to play games.
/me slaps Meanwhile
I'm as clean as a whistle?
why are we hearing his thoughts
The voice acting make's it soooo belivable
Meanwhile: play shadow of the colossus, no quick time events there
his horribly acted thoughts
That's why I watched this whole game on youtube instead of buying ir.
it.*
oh my god a game for living a normal life the gaming co has really hit an all time low
ValtheJean: would you consider this game to be art?
Why is the voice acting so bad
Bronysith: no
work?
This is an interesting movie.
Juggleing = work
Is his job a juggler?
lol
RAWR
"better get some work done" starts juggleing...
Bronysith not art. But its pretty awesome
I'd consider this game to be really shit at the whole "game" part.

Cypresswolf: Nice. So overall, a pretty good day? :)
audio failure?
2,14 hmmm....I think I crashed it
This makes little sense, caramel stream but no caramel?
Pfft.
AJIsAwesome: :D Oh yes
whats with all these people? i was talking TO ValtheJean NOT YOU SHMUCHK!
juggle better
DoctoDoctorWho: ValtheJean is Caramel :P
DoctoDoctorWho: caramel = ValtheJean
dammit Ponies47
Bronysith: Meanie. :(
you nija'd me
Bronysith: bah, humbug
You're talking in a public chat.
ah, thank you
ninja'd*
Spitfire: Sucker! X)
/me sets Spitfire on fire
:I
If you don't want people to chime in, don't talk where people can see.
:) You know what this calls for? ^_^ Victory stein of whiskey!
/me is a person
<.<
/me glomps AJIsAwesome
DoctoDoctorWho: ............
/me is supposedly a human
oh PS3
Pantsman...?
Pantsman
How PS3 on PC, how?
Who else is getting Borderlands 2?
and suddenly i feel life putting a muffin on Meanwhile s head
mitamaking: it's completely possible
Who are you mysterious Pantsman?
Pinkies4thWall: ME! :)
Pinkies4thWall: Everyone I know but me
Who are you and what are your objectives.
hi Dovah, I hear you caught my pyro refrence?
And also, Hello everypony!
00,10yay planetside beta, I get to play with wreky
PS Move. It's like the Wii, only more of a phallic symbol than before.
Klumzeedragon: class
2,14 pantsman is the name of the account I give to my roommates
*class>?
ValtheJean: seems legit
Pfft.
You will be Pantsman and you will like it!
ValtheJean: Do they all have pants?
DoctoDoctorWho: yes remind me to bitch slap you tomarrow
Heavy rain is definetly art
mitamaking: supposedly
pulls on the emotions of people
It does?
:3 Have fun Sumi!
a man going through whatever it takes to save his daughter
00,10this game makes me need to take a leak
i mean son
Pinkies4thWall: I'll probably be Zero. :) I like sniping. But I'll probably start a Mechromancer in October. :D
people have emotions?
It may be art because it is certainly not a game, hahahaha, no one has ever made that joke before
Yeah i guess i can consider Heavy rain as art
Klumzeedragon: did you read my fic yet?
The plot to this game is pretty much Taken the game
Heavy Rain is not art.
DoctoDoctorWho: Just finished. :) Hence my visit here.
Bronysith: kidnapping : the game
Go juggle better
Heavy Rain is a movie with quicktime events.
00,10wait, is this the sims for ps3?
/me presses X to dodge DoctoDoctorWho's glomp
Man, he can handle those balls like a French fiddler handles a bow.
/me murders Sumica with a shotgun
wtf
Klumzeedragon: well? how was it?
TBH Meanwhile
we walks like one of these old scifi androids
When this: http://www.saatchi-gallery.co.uk/imgs/artists/emin-tracey/tracey-emin-my-bed.jpg
/me presses x to press x
Is considered art
Buytoast: I was expecting to read "French prostitute"
could be sims
Fucking everything is
00,10his balls finaly droped
DoctoDoctorWho: lol dude i just notice the prologe on my unpublish on hiautus fic is longer than your entire story so far.
like a boss
Well then dari, I present art. http://i.imgur.com/DRXo4.jpg
Bronysith: true story
Meanwhile beautiful
Truly beautiful
Fuck
Meanwhile: that is the most beautiful piece of art ever
That spider is goddamn adorable.
Damn you cachi01|phone
00,10I forgot val is an inhuman monster with a trident. He loves quicktime events
Maybe you shoul work first
2,14 -_-
that is art Meanwhile
Sumica: truth
The evel powers of the "ninja'd" :P
Now he is making art
So is this movie about how they made the "Take On Me" music video?
*evil*
00,10it looks realy good
/me puts Sumica in a full nelson
If a guy can display his shit bed as art then I can stick a moustache and a monocle on a spider and say the same thing.
/me has been glomped :P
I am off to the shower.
Buytoast: tottaly
00,10slightly confused as to why he is using a draftsman table if he is not useing the tools
Pinkies4thWall: Bye! :)
/me hugs random ponies
this should have been a 9 hour movie instead of a game
Sumica: because he can
Why's playing what looks like a commercial?
but by god it is awesome
/me glomps Pinkies4thWall
AJIsAwesome: hi! have you seen my fic yet?
00,10stright lines with out a strght edge.
DoctoDoctorWho: I enjoyed it. :) It's good so far and I can't wait to read more as it comes out. The only thing I found weird is how his magic is yellow green when it should probably be light blue. :P Or has he used it in the show and I don't remember?
00,10impresive
He has a straight edge?
You drew one line....
I'm more confused as to why the devs of this game didn't just make it a film.
Man.
That sure as hard
Meanwhile: because they could?
00,10yeah the cross bar at the bottem of the table
How much did this game cost?
Which he slid up
Idk
hey ValtheJean am i allowed to post links to fics?
60 bucks.
To draw a straight line
2,14 because the lizard trial isn't nearly as intense when you're watching instead of playing
Way too much
This film was probably ab out 60 bucks.
00,10it's the old pully style kind
2,14 no
What is this anyways?
k
00,10only at the end dari
But the creators of heavy rain also made Indigo prophecy
Heavy Rain
halo 4
(Fahrenheit)
It's some show about a guy drawing without any tools.
00,10what is with the stalker camera
as interesting as watching paint dry
And looking like a pothead on his daily fix.
What's homework?
And the rest of it isn't nearly as boring if you're just watching.
00,10......those are not plans
:D
You did it, got the signature right
00,10that is a landscape
Is it anything like homestuck?
Herp derp architect.
Then... aimless wandering...
All that within a few minutes.
well, dat was easy
that man is not a doctor
Klumzeedragon: I decided yellow green was more suited to blueblood and had every ability to do so seeing as he dod not use his magic as we saw him.
truly, he is magnificent
now dance
Meanwhile but you get a trophy for doing this :)
00,10it's what you show the client so he is willing to pay so much for blueprints
did*
So at some point, things happen, right?
why yes, yes I am
party tiem?
cachi01|phone: Woop de fucking doo.
thank you for noticing
did he say race?
like race bannon
a cappicino machine?
00,10it's almost lunch time, I will do noting till the family is home
he's one of them fancy hill people, isnt he
Maybe you should work on your acting in the meantime. It's terrible. :D
godadmn
/me puts AJIsAwesome ina box
Eat the cake!
/me throws the box at Meanwhile
thats some beer you got there
Prince_Blueblood: about your magic?
get a glass
quick, take the cake!
*mmmmmmmm* *Let me out!*
QUICKLY, PRESS A TO DRINK!
Shaking orange juice.
So what do you want to bet this all goes to shit bfore his birthday even happens?
HURRY
00,10awwwww i wanted to see him fail at drinking
Excitement of the century.
Finished what?
I don't know, I read blueblood and magnificent
XD
Meanwhile: 20 bits
Seize the day!
I suddenly understand the appeal of Michael Bay films. A few minutes of this and already I miss the explosions.
00,10finishe the juice
So thats how
Seize the garden!
He just opened the juice
It was a new carton
Oh shit, it's time for some RC shinanigans
00,10that's why he did the man thing and put it back in the fridge
DoctoDoctorWho: Ah. :) But from everything I've seen magic tends to match eye colour. Only reason I ask. But it's pretty good so far. Keep on goin strong!
Carpe diem. Seize the carp.
yay remote control
looks like something from pbs
CriticKitten: :D
That's it, you don't control the RC car?
Dat pro driving
this is so epic
"Once upon a time."
So thats how they speak in english.......... This VA sucks compared to the spanish VA lol
That was a fast read
If only Pheonix Wright was in the game
mitamaking: he realized it was twilight...
Put ponies on the TV
Turn on everything in the house then go outside..
:P
Burn down the house, and do it with a smile.
dont know what to do... watch ponies
Everyday Life: The Game.
DerpyMuffins: Have you heard the news?
Only one song?
What news?
Meanwhile: until serial murderer kidnaps son
wait
nevermind
00,10he's no man, he let go of the remote
....what is he watching?
Okay, I'm back.
2,14 thanks for the spoiler bronysith -_-
00,10*thud*
CriticKitten: pron
Wb Polydunami
Isn't there a trophy/achievement you get for watching the entire cartoon?
"Ah, now to watch a movie before the wife gets home...*Unzip*"
Bronysith but first they -spoilers-
What happened to the radio?
Hi Polydumami!
Is that a katana?
cachi01|phone: and then they *spoiler
dat sword
It's like the Sims, only with one one person, and without all the merciless starvation by a godlike being that makes Sims fun.
Hi AJIsAwesome.
Waddafuck
Random sword
Buytoast: just a sword
Hey, everypony.
00,10dad's a ninja
To be fair, Val, nothing's happening. Knowing that shit might eventually happen is sort of good. :P
Kinixys: Hi :)
He still has the sword.
That is the face of a man who fapped in bed.
Don;t trust him kids
there here>_>
tragedy strikes in 3
2
1
Holy shit! this game has dialoge
or rather 2 hours
He's coming.
Yes son, 10 is good enough for the car
lSDADGP{LA
Is this the exciting part? Cause it's getting pretty good.
Ahaha
Dammit Meanwhile
Bronysith 30 minutes to be kinda exact
That kid sounds ike if Tommy Wiseau was 11.
I was just about to say that
lol
00,10sure thing> walks away
xD Nice.
What the heck?
Meanwhile: :D
^^^
Dabi pls.
lol
Chinese kids drive at age 10
The evil powers of the "ninja'd" :P
Is this a video game of everyday life?
dat ass
nope
oh god, this is ridiculous
:3
Polydunami: basicly
untill serial killer
How artsy
Short Stop is age 10 and he can drive
00,10she still says thanks
/me gives Meanwhile his fav game ever
whadufuq is he watching?
Menwirl pls
Acually is menwirl
inb4 terrorist attack
Great animations, great graphics for a game
Car just pulled up
00,10sure thing> goes back to TV
This isn't a game.
This is an interactive film.
stop eating grapes
Eat them grapes
00,10yeah dun
Sure thing. *eats a grape*
I know but it's running on PS3 hard ware Buytoast
nomz grapes
Man, this wife is kind of a bitch.
Door's sticking because he's coming.
Well of course it's on a PS3
00,10one plate
Give it a big tug.
Drop the plates
Smash them
PS3 is the best movie player around.
>:
Pulled out one plate?
FINAL BOSS: Sticky cupboards
After all, that's all it's got.
then i threw it on the GROUND
00,10holy fuck it's a magic plate
It's Laura's fault, she broke the plate. I tried to stop her.....~
FillyFlam: actually it is a fist fight with the killer
Sumica: Is suddenly dozens of plates.
Goddamn, doesn't he need more than 4 plates?
rape
It;s a party.
Sexy tiem?
surprise
inb4 sex
Sumica: arent all plates magic?
Butt sex
00,10I like this minigame
Well his smooth.
inb4 rejection
sexy time
KISS
I don't find him very attractive.
Sumica: i mean, they fucking hold food. how is that possible?
Dat sex time
Suddenly pornography
"Oh by the way, you're very attractive"
NOW KISS
He's sort of plain IMO.
sexy times
NOW, the counter is right ther
there*
FillyFlam not yet
Press A for sex.
awww
No smex?
00,10wonder what a sex quicktime event would be like
cachi01|phone: "Yet?" xD
awwww
Sumica: porn
Sumica: You'll see later.
Kiss = pornography? -_(\ people
no smex :S
Sumica: Hot Coffee
A sex minigame would be spinning the control stick in circles.
HappyCanary: no A on the ps3...or is there? hang on lemme check
Over and over again.
Sumica: Better than GTA's, worst than God of War
Sumica: Probably like Second Life's. :I
Sumica: Trust me.
Focus on the plot! \o/ (psst what is the plot?)
Sumica: Waggle the y axis and rapid tap square to avoid premature ejaculation.
Actually....... Theres a sex minigame
yup there is an A button on the PS3
00,1032degreees left, 15 right, engage rotter
Meanwhile: LD
....
*:D*
:D
Meanwhile: Ahahaha
But with the Wii Remote, sex minigames can be hot AND interactive!
>.>
Heavy Rain! Talking to your wife about mundane life happenings!
Meanwhile: ...make a sex game
what happened last year?
Is this Heavy Rain?
Buytoast wii sex
no
So what is this... called, anyway?
00,10he thinks that he thinks
Joy nope, it is sunny day
use dat sword on em
Polydunami: Heavy Rain.
Joy nope its super mario bros
I see
Press 1 to unleash the Punch Down Under attack.
Kill the kids
Its pikmin 3
With the sword
Free Bird
lol
Press 2 to use the Sausage Surprise.
Katana everyone!
me first
lol
Buytoast: :D
Press X to pick your favourite child.
I WANNA DIE FIRST
lawl
00,10who dose daddy love more
everything is idyllic and perfect. as always in these revenge movies
Kill them both.
poor kids, why everyone wants to kill them
Meanwhile: Oh, that's terrible. :D
The sowrd is right there.
Shaun is best son
Weeeeee
00,10drop him cause he's adopted
Drop him on the sword
mess up mess up mess upo
this is seriously the most retarded homework...
:)
Just kill them
Press X to drop and paralyse the child.
And then it was Titanic for a second.
MOVE CLOSER, I WANNA MURDER EM
Roof time!
<.<
Let go
It's my turn now
This is so sad :(
"Goddamn"
00,10throw him across the yard
Meanwhile: geez ur evil
Damnit
wut lool
EVERYTHING IS INTERACTIVE
Press O to turn your child into a vegetable.
throws him away
EWVERYTHING
Wut
Sumica: what would dick jensen do?
Show us your big muscles
FOREVER
xD Meanwhile
Heavy rain y u make.me cry
so im confused is this a sims movie or something?
inb4 AIR LAUNCH
Uh oh back problems.
lol
Close your eyes and listen to this. :D
WHY IS HE MAKING THAT SOUND
"Damn dad you're pathetic."
ROCKET SHIP EM
What the heck
Wut
XDDDD
00,10dad, what are you doing?
grunting:D
XD
/me slaps AJIsAwesome
Uh...
HEAVY RAIN! Watch this man fail to lift his small children!
He's coming again...
XDDDDDDD
"Yeah dad, you've ruined my birthday."
lumbago
XDDDD
Dad isn't strong anymore guys
dad ur weak
for the lulz
XDDDDDDD
Dad just messed his pants
Bronysith: :P
Dun dun dahhh
....
Uh.
"argh. argh
00,10he came
:D
He came
he saw
OH SHIT
DAMMIT SUMICA
oh shit
Children's weight does not work that way.
EPIC SWORD FIGHT
TIME TO DIE
HE GOT THE WEAPON
inb4 battle
oh shit
00,10kekekeke
Finally a game
rpg tiem
KILL HIM
00,10boss fight
Sword fight!
suddenly final fantasy
Banned for RPing.
Jedi vs sith
Press Left Trigger to beat the child to death.
MY LEG!
Quest updated Kill your kids
thelonepony: bitch please
00,10stop right there crimnal scum
Who wants to bet the first kid gets killed first?
I CANT FEEL MY LEGS
hes killin him
"Fuck dad stop it i'm bleeding now you asshole goddamn."
He just beheaded his child
:D
Dad's gonna win. Dad always wins...
FINISH HIM
Hey listen!
wow this gam looks messed the hell up LOL
Watch out watch out!
Let your kid win
/me shoots Meanwhile with a revolver
So much music for a pretend sword fight
he ded
Karma has dropped
Killed your kid, good job!
They're coming.
Where did he go?
Meanwhile: what does your stache think of this game?
They keep showing that playhouse.
mitamaking: restroom
00,10how far could the kid go in 5 seconds?
I have a bad feeling.
Bronysith: It's asleep.
He ded
What?
the plot develops quite slow...he has a perfect family, we got it, where are the mass murderers?
Lul
it like hes masterbating
:(
ded'
:'(
He killed the bird?
<3
00,10happy birthday, your pets dead
Anything, eh?
anything?
That little bastard.
do a ritual, kid
Dont worry shaun you will be dead soon
hooray, necromancy
And so, Shaun became a State Alchemist in an attempt to resurrect his dead pet
Best Birthday Ever. :D
/me murders cachi01|phone
What killed the bird, that was alive just an hour ago?
00,10game over
Dad.. comon. you can affod cloning can't you?
Pet Cemetary time?
a bird will be miss today
AJIsAwesome: bitch please
00,10bad end
yay
"dont worry, he will forever be in our hearts, after we eat him for supper"
Oh, no
/me respawns
pony_5009: :D
and then everyone died
00,10if only dad would have fed the bird rather then watch tv
10 years later
That laugh
OH HERE IT COMES.:(
In b4 Judgement day
lol Sumica .
cachi01|phone: dude, shut up.
This is the spiritual sequel to Indigo prophecy AKA farenheit, even though it got wacky AT LEAST SHIT HAPPENED
hehehehehe
heheheh
Gnight everypony ;)
The clown did it.
You start out, BAM you stabbed a dude
2,14 not everyone has played the game, don't lead people on
00,10oh fuck killitkillitkillit
2,14 just enjoy
nite Michael
Michael: Night!
Goodnight Michael! :)
Night Michael
Heavy rain For Friday Night Movie
Bronysith: Yeah we get it, you watch Zero Punctuation, go conceive an original thought and then come back.
noght Michael :)
marathon
night Michael
<.<
I*
00,10dat ass
finally some action?
nite michael
dad is worst dad
Take your kid to find some Twilight Sparkle stuff already.
WHAT?!?!!?
oh boy
Seriously?
Jaason
Go grab your kid, Jesus
lol
THE CLOWN, FIND THE CLOWN.
So, he's lost or something?
Jay sen
walks right behind him XD
XDD
00,10kid be defh
Marrrrrio...Mario?
Jay, son
nice house
Jay
Dammit Dad, You had ONE JOB!
we need an adult
i bet that doent look weird at all
Lose you kid I dare you
Houses even
oh god its luigis mansion all over agaim
dat clown
he wants a clown
I knew it.
Oh father, may I have a balloon?
Meanwhile: mod and fund that
That goddamn clown.
IT
<.<
EEP D:
IT IS IT
dat clown
Oh dear lord.
00,10killitkillitkillit
2,14 toot*
I hate clowns...
Never trust a clown.
god I hate clowns
Creepy clown get away!!
2 DOLLARS?!
Jaaasson.
Clowns are scary
FOR A BALLOON?!
Oh yes. They ALL FLOAT.
Overpriced shit
AHAHA
Lul
FUCK
not sure if pedo or just very cool guy
EVIL CLOWN RRRRRRUUUNNNNNNN!!!!!!
Hurry!
Goddamit Kid, get over here
JASSSON.
2 bucks for a balloon
That little bastard just doesn't give a fuck.
Forget to pay, chase after kid
Inb4 luigis mansion again
2 fucking bucks for a baloon
just steal the damn thing
And then knife him!
Buytoast: do any little bastards give a fuck?
00,10fail
WE STOLE A BALLOOOOON
Wut
00,10RUN!
Probably not.
back pocket, BACK POCKET
No money?
Oh shit.
You stupid asshole.
stupid kid
kid's gon ded
that dad is a horrible person
he was kidnapped
he went all *poof*
Called it
Lost him
Here we go a fucking gain.
That clown is in on it, I bet my life on it.
JAYSUN
he floated away cause of the ballon
CHAINSUN
How do you lose a kid?
JAY, SON
Easy,
Now for the obligatory chase scene.
That deaf ass of a kid.
Is that kid deaf? :S
JENSEN
00,10mayson
MARCO
DerpyMuffins: THE PLOT DEMANDS IT
Youre name has to be Ethan mars
no one gives a fuck
POLO
MASON JARS
inb4 something actually happens?
JAY Son
...That is pretty horrible
run white man run
HE'S SCREAMING
Looks like Meanwhile's goonna win my 20 bits
DOES ANYBODY HEAR THIS?
the heck
sounds lihe hes singing
It seems so much worse with the music XD
JAAAAYSOOOOON~
I'm going to have nightmares about this...
The music is pretty-
Fail
Wait you're not my kid.
Fail!
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE WITH JAYSON
"surprise asshole"
man, the Argonauts must be pissed right now
RUN!
NOSAJ
RUN FAGGOT
ello everypony :$
Follow the balloon.
Well this is scary as f***
SAJON
dramatic music
Wrong kid
wait
How many red balloon green shirt kids are there around here?
00,10this is the worst game of marco polo ever
Dude, just fucking yell "I can't find my son!"
this is why you always carry a battering ram with you everywhere you go
Shit.
How the fuck did he get across the street?
That has got to be the most Crowded mall in history
SHIT. SHIT.SHIIIIT!
oH GOD
Oh, no.
CAR
oh god
oH GOD
No..no.
What are the chances of 2 red ballon kids with green shirts?
XylemTube: you ever been to a convention?
NO!
YES
YES
ded
NUUUUUU
OH MY GOD WHY
Look out for the...oh ok.
Stay son, stay
That stupid little
No
Oh my god..
dumb kid
I swear
00,10God this kid is window licker specal
oh god!
:'(
y u save him
The mom is a dumb shit too.
Bronysith: no
OH GOD THERES KID GUTS EVERYWHERE
bad end
Killed by the slowest moving car ever. :|
......
...
Ded
:'(
LOL
that crunch :D
:'(
No.....
witch 1 died
crossing roads is hard meng
and then the game ended
The end
Wait, the fuck?
I swear the dad was in front of the car
That kid was a stupid stupid kidl
one left
Not the kid
the baloon...
Ah yes, darwinism at its finest.
You don't have to start over at the begning do you?
How did he die, the dad threw himself in the way.
Ahahahaha
2,14 dari: that was my complaint too
....JASOOON
I thought the dad was in front too
00,10it's what i saw too Dari
if only he put hes wallet in his front pocket...
hope he saved lol
Like, landing on Concrete or something.
2,14 but I guess because it was such a heavy blow...and he's little? I dunno
I'm calling horseshit. XD
Apparently grown men make terrible shock absorbers.
boooooooo dad
the end
Dat sad music
And small children just eat car bumper.
There was no hit
Meanwhile: NO, really?
ValtheJean: how about how his dad is 3 times his size and crushed him
And actually children are way more bouncy than adults
00,10and the gene pool was not at a loss that day
wait a minute
PINKIE PIE Y U NO SAVE KIDS?!
Well Ethan isnt going to bounce.
*the dad absorbed the impact*
If you hit me at 40 miles per hour there's a 90% chance I'll die...
2,14 sumica: rofl
Babies can get dropped out of cars and shit and survive
He's fat.
lol way more bouncy
If you hit me at 30 miles per hour there's a 90% chance I'll live...
the music is sad
sooo thats it?
But the hit didnt even look that hard.
Please stop trying to hit me.
fucking love it
Look, are we really going to argue on video game logic?
whoa what happened? i was crossing the streat, and now im here
dont give the kid a balloon
It IS a video game.
Maybe it would've been a Yu-Yu Hakisho deal. The balloon woukld've cushioned the impact and save teh kid.
/me cries.
00,10I meen it Val, that kid was "specal"
But dad fucked up.
SpeedyBolt: yes
Jay son
/me gives Meanwhile a pot of freshly made tea
2,14 yes, yes he was
SpeedyBolt: This is a game that makes sure it gets tooth brushing right, I am going to argue
Kids are just so stupid
Old people are gross
what DerpyMuffins said
That kid pretty much had it coming.
But...i'm 14.
To be honest.
Wut
Game end?
...H-he's dead? :(
thats why i am going to be an elementary school kid, to thin out hte stupidity
Am I stupid? :(
SpeedyBolt: your point?
that was quick
brb gots to go to da bathroom
You go wandering off you practically deserve to get hit by traffic.
2,14 natural selection in action people
I'm 15, I hate teenagers
HappyCanary: unfortunetlly yes, it is what starts the downhill on this game making everything sad
we're a bunch of immature idiots
Not all of them are bad.
natural selection doesnt apply in kid situations
What a............. Heavy Rain
FUCK TT_TT
HappyCanary: but by molestia, the story is awesome
Just...modern day teens.
SpeedyBolt: most teenagers
Oh, what be this in my stream~
hello bronystate1
kids>teenagers. at least kids have an excuse for being stupid
I'm surpised nobody is trying to look at the floating wordw.
*words
00,10sounds like a hl2 train
/me puts HoodyNinja next to a tonberry
hi HoodyNinja
Anyway yeah, the kid died, and now the game starts proper.
...Im gonna cry ;______;
hi HoodyNinja
Sumica: And now I have "I blame SxyPrtdr" in my head from Oregon Trail
Meanwhile: prologues
Organ Trail
Bronysith: Wut?
Hey there HoodyNinja. :)
Story 2: Mason
I can't wait to see the Black Mesa Source Trainj
Ok that car wasn't going more than 20-30 miles tops
Ladies and Gentlemen
oh great, now he's max payne
I missed the number, how many years later?
HappyCanary: this your first time seeing this game ever?
Destroyed Ethan Mars.
2
00,10man the rain sure is heavy in this game
2
Story 3: Raison?
Sumica: SYMBOLISM
TITLE DROP
Yes Bronysith
No flooding?
title drop
Title drop, it's been the same for weeks.
Press O for shaun
Then get in the car
lol
;_;
im back wut happend
who talks to himself this much?
Well, we've already got rid of one kid
I would just walk off.
Just one more to go
/me cries.
Shouldn't be too much trouble
Lock the car doors and walk off.
Crash the car
Remeber that seatbelt lol
Sumica: i did one time
Sumica: Probably
"here Shaun, bite down on it. It's a candy pill. It'll send you off to a land of foamy wonders."
I would say an answer
but I dont want to spoil it for the Dashies here.
Buytoast: dat cyonide
00,10oh god driveing quicktime in a rain storm
<3 Dashie
David CAGE
mitamaking: Any relation to Nic?
So, what's the basic storyline of this game?
marf?
Basically.
dat lighting
Joy just watch :3
so far, a kid died because he was an idiot.
I don't know, I just want to know why the last name is in caps
shit, is he divorced now?
Yeah
sun+rain, no rainbows?
Looks like it..
I'm guessing the wife and husband divorced
lol heavyrain all about a dumb dad and his ded kid
his wife divorced him after the accident
They sure did downsize
Remember when mom killed herself Shaun, I won't do that
Well, it was his fault after all.
:C
scout19 dumb dad?
Lul
Dumb Rock?
I heard Wilhelm
so, jackass dad
00,10fuck shawn
force him to do his homework
"Maybe I'll talk to myself a lot."
Do you really have no homework at all?
Do homework
DO YOUR HOMEWORK OR YOU'LL JOIN YOUR BROTHER.
well he is dum
<.<
lemme wash tv pls
Buytoast: :o
Just a thing, you can be a total dick to him in this chapter.
Do your homework before I throw you in front of a car.
Buytoast: Mmmmmm... nah
what wonderful voice acting....
dad never asked me to do my homework...
That is just bad parenting
stfu son and listen to me..... WHY IS THT NOT AN OPTION?
Ok Shaun, I'll give you another 5 hours, but thats it this time
Hypotized by TV
nothing special
that dad needs ponies
lol
the TV is our master....
Riverdance?
Use the back of your hand and teach him some Heavy Pain.
turn it off
eeeeyup
You can turn it off
I think
lol
Change that Channel to HUB
00,10dose this bug you shawn?
Fun fact i spent 2 hours in this house :I
YOU'LL DO YOUR HOMEWORK NOW!
Wait, i dont remember what the accident was
He's going to play in traffic
CHANGE THE TV TO PONIES!
I wonder if its possible to watch the TV during the whole chapter
Follow him
It involved a ballon.
A car crashed into him
kid got run over
STFU AND DO YOUR HOMEWORK
its anthrax
Dem sounds.
00,10bill, bill, bill. man I need to talk to the mailman. he keeps giving me bill's mail
my word its the the sims with quicktime :O
http://ponybot.net/pix/4626.gif look what someone linked me
It's a clue!
00,10happy ending
Dat foreshadowing
lol Sumica
What is homework though?
Kinixys: A clue A clue
8)
blues clues?
What's foreshadowing?
WE JUST GOT A LETTER, WE JUST GOT A LETTER, WE JUST GOT A LATTER
Joy: ...
I WONDER WHO ITS FROM
00,10what one can always make more children
You'll need that to open a safe latter or something..
The shadow on your penis
00,10hell it's not even that hard.
It kinda is.
2 years
lol twilight_sprinkle.
yes, sex, so hard
And he hasn't finished it?
HappyCanary: sad moment now
There's the effort of sex, and then you wait 9 months.
Lul
Depression hurts more than just you.
00,10nah people make children all the time by mestake
film him
Wait. Someone is playing?
I want to be ALIVE
YOU ASS
:(
what if theres a car in the fridge D:
Eventually your wife will divorce you.
IT'S ALWAYS AN ASTRONAUT
and kill ALL THE BABIES in her tummy.
DINO DAN
Sumica: First, you gotta get a girl to have sex with you :(
Why?
D'aww
:( this video
.....
they would include "i make video games"
Well, he can be a dinosaur hunter now. HE'S ALREADY WITH THE FOSSILS!
ILL.MAKE VIDEO GAMES!
Did he grow up to make this game?
:(
:'(
:(
Buytoast: :o
/me cries
00,10look how fast I ren in to trafic dad.
Feels bad man
:'( why?!
:C
...Yeah
Oh my fucking god why would you make this game
*music plays*Tonight I'm sitting alone, digging up bones...
They actually put that there
Depressing game
13who made happy canary cry :<
Sumica: :D
Poor ethan....
Shizuka: David cage
Just to make us sad
/me points at cachi01|phone
Heavy Rain did, Sumica ;_;
Shizu: The dead kid.
OOps
I mean Shizuka.
No Bronysith, David CAGE
uh oh
00,10oh god he's got the plage
the kids has the grey death now
00,10put him down
LOL
It'll be like Heavy Yeller
I said PLAY
Sumica: why u so funny?
heavy rain is starting to run down my face from my eyeballs
Like I said
/me cries on Shizuka's shoulder
He is just a kid jeez, you can always make another one
Because it's time for homework, kid
I'd rather watch ponied
You can be a total dick to him
yeah! Ponies were coming on
Do your homework
I'm acting dad! I'm acting!
this VA :D
<.<
TurnitbackawnDAD
That was...being a jerk
That little asshole
00,10you did watch TV after school
slap his shit
"buy your own tv then"
Shes turning your kids against you
Jerk
is that an accent coming from the boy?
KICK THAT BITCHES ASS
No, it's called "Homework, then TV"
GO DO UR HOMEWORK BITCH NOW:[
ouch. I'm not sure what I would say there to the kid
Guys, seriously
Hi Shamroc
What a........... Heavy Rain
00,10son get back here right this instant, dont make me buy you a ballon
PillowPoni|Minecraft....i hadnt even signed in..
He just lost his brother a while back, and he is kinda distant
I hope this has a happier ending....
:D
Nice shot
mitamaking: Booooo................
There's no need to be playfully harsh
AND THE CROWD GOES WIIIIIIIIILD
Kinixys: hah, right
Shamroc: But I can see when you come on :3
Bad shot
PillowPoni|Minecraft nice
where did the kid go?
the critics seemed to like it
NOOOOOB
Kinixys: There are multiple endings
wait. This is all in Heavy Rain? Really?
YOU SUCK
Shamroc: Yep.
What's more important, your son or basketball?
00,10even when he sucks the ball comes back
YOU PLAY BAD AND YOU SHOULD FEEL BAD!
A tricky predator, the balloon lures it's prey into danger. After it has feasted on the blood of the innocent, it retreats into the sky kingdom, where it repeats the cycle.
Nice shot@!
Kinixys there are 9 endings
I never played the game. I knew you could do stuff all day long.
True love, right Sumica?
Basketball will help him sort it out..
Buytoast: :D
yum toast
It is tomorrow's paper
hey Sumica im ready for my daly dose of you ass's messing with me
Goddamn his face
Basketball, the true reason for this game
00,10now that you are soping wet, time to go work on the TV
Well... at least there's a reason to replay it, cachi01|phone.
its work you do at home :P
Origami Killer
he looks like he was hit with the ugly shovel
Origami?
best thing about this game/interatcive movie thing: they annoying kids die!
There's your plot, people
the*
Oragami*
i bet shaun is the origami killer
The cat brought you tomorrow's paper. Oh come on! \
00,10damn kid did't flush
This paper offends me!
Kinixys i know. I love this freaking game
Oragami Killer?
shuan wut r u doin in here
Oragami?
haha
smother him
What's Oragami?
:O
Oh jeez...
Fuck this kid
:/
Isnt that japanese for folding paper?
lol umad?
i would cry.
i just wante d to give you a kiss...
throw him out the window!
ouchies
goddamn if i were there i'd slap that little bastard
AJIsAwesome: Japanese paper folding
.....WHAT THE FUCK WHY.
;____________________;
hate him for turning off da tv dats harsh
Thank god you people will never have kids
:p
mitamaking: I know. I was making fun of a typo. :P
Asshole
SpeedyBolt: I would be a terrible parent
now lock the door
SpeedyBolt: thats nice
and let his tomb be forever sealed
Didn't the dad land with the kid in front of him....
Wait, you just going to let him lie there? He's supposed to be doing homework
SpeedyBolt: i wouldnt mind a kid.
You arent so nice yourself, cowva-
wut
ValtheJean: what are you even streaming? Not to sound offensive but this is kinda depressing, not "Dead Island" depressing more like "who's the retard who made this crap?!?!" depressing.
Oh god
mindfuck
00,10suddnly
What's going on?
Tripping balls
EARTHQUAKE
Sudden heart attack
hes been druged
00,10ebubububububub
Oh, he's having a blackout.
Blackout.
Oh... the note...
You are the origami killer
Hmmm weird. Shawn never hated me :s
There were deleted scenes inbetween blackouts.
Wait, how'd he get from his room to the middle of the road?
The clown.........I can hear him calling me..................
00,10mr, freeman
Finally.. the game is interesting!
wat a tweeeest
oragami
I like turtles
&
00,10it's been a long time
He sleeps walk now?
I like trains
^*
pull your hood up man!
He passed out, guys.
A blackout, if you will
2,14 you know, it you hate it that much..you can do other things..some people enjoy this game, and I'm sorry that I haven't given you the right entertainment for yourself. But please, if you really feel that strongly, don't say those kind of rude things to my fac
That face
00,10gah face
face*
too close too close
I love this theme here
ValtheJean: i actually like it
ValtheJean: you gave 'the talk' *claps*
the sky will be filled with red baloons
I think we are making fun of the game, not you
ValtheJean: I didnt say anything bad about it :(
*sigh*, did someone get offended just because they didn't like the stream again. :|
Und dann a fat man.
/me train comes out of the wall and hits Dovah
Do we get to kill people now?
LOL
00,10wait, some one was hateing this?
New character?
Hetalksofastinthischapter
Oh, it's L.A. Noire
DoctoDoctorWho: yay you got it! you win Death!
but why is he so fat
Itslikeheissonicorsomething
lol
i havent even played this game before
five dollars
oh boy! 5 bucks!
too many donuts?
5 dollar bill?
Money talks
ill tell you everything!
00,10holla holla
pay man $5 and he spills the beans :D
You're ded
I was always curious, was this game timed?
Get dolla
aaaw he didnt.knocked the other doors lol
Its hilarious
Weird shit
I have 5 dollars
gtg family calls
hello.
huba wuba
Define "weird shit"
Uh...
lol
Bye HoodyNinja
Later HoodyNinja. :)
PillowPoni|Minecraft: butt stuff lol
Clue
...
bye HoodyNinja
oh, you'll squeeze plenty out of her
HoodyNinja: bye :)
"Squeeze anything out of her"
ValtheJean: Nah this is a great stream!
Squeeze anything out of her
^
Lauren?
Nice wording there smartguy.
Lauren Winter
SpeedyBolt: Dang it, you beat me. :|
Lo
I'm sorry, AJIsAwesome
man this guy is droping dollar bills all over the place
Undress is O
lol
Quick
uh... yes, totally it
Rape her, Scott.
SpeedyBolt: It happens. :$
00,1050bucks for 10 min, so you give change right?
$50 for 10 minutes?
The spanish VA is still winning
00,10wait
a freebie? might as well take that offer along with the info you need :D
00,10sone dies> become hooker
d-e-d dead
DAT ACTING
Ded
hes deeeed
DEAD
Sumica: Perfect logic.
YOUR SON IS DEAD LAUREN
GOOD DAY SIT
HE'S DEAAAAAAAAAAD
SIR
scout19 no
Tran-
scout19_tf2: sure
take your money back
Oh she beat me to it.
Oh sh-
ooo daaamn
Sumica: she was a hoooker before her son died
Welp, you already paid for her body
TITS OR GTFO
don't let her keep it
O_o
Might as well make use of it
$1 in da jar Lauren
00,10sooooo, she is trying to make a new one then
Why is the son important to a serial killer?
dat be ironic
oh shit heavy raiin
To trace things.
take back your money
dammit
GASP
Oh god
HURRRRRRRR
Wut
:o
Suddenly....
Asthma Attack
Inhaler.
...Wut
oh man, it's like Saw all over again
GET THE INHALER
vader choke
pat pat pat
Fucking fat bastard.
Random guy.
ValtheJean: I apologise for my offensive behaviour, I simply had yet to see a plot forming. then again Im not very good at sensing the plot In these kinda games anyway. Im sorry
heart attack next character
if you dont pat fast enough you die
Waddafuck
mitamaking some shit happened to him..... He wants to see if dads love their children
00,10good thing they did't do it.
Does it ever spontaneously combust?
2,14 okay chat
Dat Vader choke
Hi, I'm Troy Macleur
This guys, is where it gets good.
you should leave here
2,14 do I save her, or walk away?
Oh shit.
rape
@_@
aaaaaah
ValtheJean: Save her.
save
Save.
save
Walk away
safe her
ValtheJean: walk away
save her
Walk away.
save her VAL
I think you have to save her.
kick it in
Well, I want her to die
SAVE HER
SAVE THE DAY!
00,10just walk away
go into the room and take your fifty dollars back
But I want to see it
Leave obvouisly
Walk away
save
If you walk away we miss it
SAve her
walk away
DickShep/
Save her, damnit
Dari: A conundrum
WALK
Can you just kinda stand in the doorway and watch?
CriticKitten: Isn't it just
Knock?
Bitch
oh hi there
Dont call me an ass-
Oh shit
Just walk
kick
You gonna take that?
kick it in!
Flash your badge, dammit
SAVE HER.
loser, kick his ass
She doesnt need help
LIEK A BAWS
doesnt he have a gun?
>kicks door open
Kill him!!!
Are you looking for trouble?
You don't say
He's failing this on purpose, isnt he?
SpeedyBolt: no shit
>_<
SpeedyBolt: I think so
go fat man belly flop him:D
Well that escalated quickly
Fight fat man! fight like there's a cheeseburger on the line!
dam ur getting the shit beating out of u
no offense val but.... You really suck at fights xd
bottle
your bad at QTEs
Oh well
Come on Val! YOU CAN DO IT
He cant die in this one, anyways
00,10man you are geting worked
I don't think he's trying to win
Dem fail quick time events
Wow he really wailed on fat man.
boooo
I take it Val is going to go for the worst endings, right?
^
This feels like you are losing on purpose, a good plan, now she pities you
2,14 not particularly
SpeedyBolt: Yep
2,14 just I think some fatass shouldn't be able to beat a muscle jokey :P
Oh
lol
ValtheJean lol
now go away
Good reasoning
Thanks for saving my life, now fuck off, my son is not for sale! D:<
00,10that's a fatass with asthma
Brain > muscles
now about that freebie she offered.....
2,14 BEST CHARACTER
2,14 NAHMAN JAYDAN
But.. but... bionics...
This guy is cute
NORMAN JAYDEN, PEOPLE
again too close guy too close
JAYDEN FTW
oh boy, this guy
"snort snort"
JAYDEN WINS ALL OVER
>.> SpeedyBolt
stalker cam
The loading screen is a QTE?
Is something wrong with me, cowvarkian?
oh, no
I can change. D:
so yeha teh stream is really pixely
ValtheJean: can you forgive me? I did not mean to overstep.
no, you're fine
Oh, okay. :$
00,10this hear is my shooting hand
00,10here*
Ohai mr shooting hand
hthe sound is weird
Sumica: He is on drugs, it's okay if he mispeakes
Yes.
http://i.imgur.com/3wk6P.jpg whoever tells me whno this is gets a muffin
sound sounds blown out
It's a town that gets intense rain...
00,10the planes in spain, fall mainly in the rain
Some part of some month every year I think
Blake is an asshole
Normahn.
I wonder how much work they did to make sure the rain looked good.
Bronysith: get out of here stalker
Bronysith: JAYSON
Sumica: Are there any snakes on that plain>
00,10cause he sure checked out that ID real well
Bronysith: blain?
Sumica: I swear, officer, he looked 18 to me.
Police Line, do not cross
Bronysith: You?
Bronysith: if im right about who that is, im surprised you have a photo of him
00,10cool shades
....what the hell
dat tech
Narmahn.
deal with it
Joy: BAHAHAHAHAH no
00,10he never asked for this
8:14 AM?
/me sobs
Epic ABI
forget the glasses
You think you'd see a HINT of sunshine.
Bronysith: Blain?
Is he in the Matrix? What the shit? How does he have shades with super analysis powers? XD
ARI.
DoctoDoctorWho: it is Meanwhile stacheless
nahman jayden?
Your affice.
00,10he's got bat vision
Hey all
Bronysith: yeah. Why do you have a photo of that.
T_T
hi Saeko
00,10JAYDEN!
Think, I think you need to hear thinking
He is coming
Pissing dog.
Oregamee
Origermi.
00,10accent so thick you can cut it
Origaemi..
The Orr-Ee-Gam-Ee
Killer.
...Yeah, people murder the word "Origami" in this game.
"Now if you're lookin' for rain, dead bodies, or highways ou've come to the right place." :D
Fucking Weaboos.
drowned, I figured car and ballon would be his murder way
Do puzzle games always make you guys cry?
00,10the rain would wash away every clue any ways
AHA! still remember how to spell regular
yeah, every now and then it does
Because the one I played did.
T_T
Drown them with a balloon filled with water?
SpeedyBolt: XD
We got an origami killer, now all we need is an onigiri killer
Can't you just shove a hose down their gob?
SpeedyBolt: DBZ Abridged refrence?
......
He is so nice in this chapter...
Yet such a hateable dick...
YEAAAHHHH
uh, hello?
Wut
ewwww
WindWhistler|SAD: which one
Too bad it's ded in here.
Based on the rigormortis, you can conclude less than six hours, even though rigor mortis starts at around the three hour mark?
>put sunglasses on in dark
00,10wut
O.o
>helps you see
So there is bionics in this game...
(As usual)
Speedybolt ikr...fucking blake
00,10I wear my sunglasses at night
Well, I guess puzzle games aren't the only things making me cry now
That police man is the origami killer...
/me slaps Kinixys
Jayden is the Aregamee Killuh.
Dat batvision
yep
No, not really.
Nahrmahn Jayden doesn't look at explosions.
Fine. I'm outta here.
cachi01|phone: What?
Okay seriously, are we gonna get an explanation for him having Batman's night vision goggles?
oh bronysith just showed me a pic of you without thine stach
no im not
im dead
Later, CriticKitten
You're a zombie now.
the balloon is the origami killer
Or are we just supposed to accept this shit blind? XD
cachi01|phone: MY GOD
JAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASON
It'll be explainted.
CriticKitten: yes
Funny, I don't remember giving him permission to do that.
orchid, fascinating?
His face is covered with what?
00,10of corse a ballon, a shape with no edges
mud
DoctoDoctorWho: There's a Spy in the base!
Mud.
oooh? well beat the crap outa him for me to haha
A spy in the base?
A small origami figure in the right hand, most likely crushed into an unrecognizable....oh what am I saying, of course not
so who's this guy?
this some crossover with the matrix?
:(
00,10sooooooo, why dont all the cops have this
Because
Real cops are boring.
Sumica: FBI
But then again
He is in the Eff Bee Ai
because it must be really expansive
Sumica because budget cuts
expensive
derp
because money
00,10......right pollen in the air in a rain storm
Ugh
You shouldve made him walk infront of the train
can you get run over by the train? lol
Oh....... train
00,10damn it missed
Almost got run over there
Seems unlegit
This are like beta glasses. They have secundary effects
his goggles arent actually high-tech, hes just high
I like trains.
Ewwwww
Choo choo~
PillowPoni|Minecraft: And now he's here to f*** US! So listen up boy! Or pornography starring your mother will be the 2nd worst thing to happen to you today...
Wut
As far as I know, nobody can die in their first chapters.
Dat instant analysis?
Sumica: That's just science, man. Just like rigor mortis giving an accurate ToD even though it starts at the three hour mark and isn't full until 12 or so. :P
00,10hand wave scifi
You can die in this?
dari you don't understand, he's NAHRMAN JAYDEN.
wonder if the fbi actually have these shades
I dont want to say it...but yes.
ARI? What is ARI?
DoctoDoctorWho: He could be any one of us
Ah, now it all makes sense
:P
Ahree Cahment.
AUGH
Dumbass.
And he's a dumbshit.
hes spiderman!!
"Killer probably grazed himself on this fence." *proceeds to graze himself on the fence
UGH
cya everypony i gots to go
AUGH, UGH
00,10climb sci fi fbi guy
Aww
Good job destroying DNA evidence linking you to the killer
This guy has good eyes.
im thinking of buying banjo tooie, is it a good game?
YES
It's a godly game
Also, why wearing just one glove?
>In the FBI, can't climb a hill
What? I dont remember doing this in the game
PillowPoni|Minecraft: He could be in this very room!
The hill is probably slippery and shit
It has been raining for quite some time.
Dari: Because he uses a bow, and that's his shooting hand, obviously.
00,10the glove is part of the glasses thing dari
WALK INTO THE ROAD
well
Goddammit how did i missed that hill?
it is
DoctoDoctorWho: He could be you, he could be me, he could be--*shot*
A HEAVY RAIN
00,10notice he touches every thing with that glove
00,10it must be the scaner
FALL
How do you know that you've seen all there is to see?
Only one of his hands is cold.
Jayden goes down a hill like a Ballerina.
inbr slides to death
That's extremely meta of you, Mr Detective.
I'm back........i know i left too soon in the DBZ Abridged marathon
inb4*
aw shit, the killer's leaking Imulsion!
this is some hardcore shiz man
How dabuq did i missed that hill
/me punches himself
SpeedyBolt: and im a big fan of the first one and platformers in general
That color shift when he takes off his glasses
PillowPoni|Minecraft: Right behind you...
Quick, knock him out and steal the glasses
That shit's gotta be worth a fortune
Ambulence
00,10man the trains run realy close together on that line
...Wait, he's already dead..
DoctoDoctorWho: Dun dun dun dun da-da-da-da-da!
Hello everypony........i'm back!
INB4 they're actually google glasses
Hello Dark92Enigma
wb Dark92Enigma
Hi Dark92Enigma
boom
ohai Dark92Enigma
He turns on the radio, Fox News comes out
00,10FBI, dont have fedral plates
MORE ETHAN
WOAH-OH-OH-HA-AH-AH-AAAA-HA-AH-AH-HA-AH
A bat.
Sony Entertainment is proud to present, Heavy Rain
00,10the butterfly effect
I know i left the DBZ Abrodged marathon too soon....but my grandma put a...............what was the term when you put a time limit?
Well I guess the game got bored of that character because we're going to another one now
FBI have plates that say 'classified'
i was just getting a classic coca-cola
A wolf's head.
Batman
crab
CRAB
Wolfman
Dark92Enigma: and everybody would leave super early in the naruto abridged xD
Crab people!
crab
Deathman
that Does look like death
scythes
Death.
PillowPoni|Minecraft: My fav class is heavy but Meet the spai is my fav Meet the team vid, simply by virtue of having the most charecterisation on the blue team
DEATH WATER
Actually it looked like two Deaths.
I see Death in that
MRI
ARI
So I'm betting it's Death and his twin brother Darrell.
/me contemplates his mutilated grammar...
superretroworld: True but i wanted to stay up all night........my grandma had other plans
DoctoDoctorWho: I like Meet the Scout....
Yes, he is.
00,10you see death every where you go
Yeah, he would be.
Yes he would.
You are a shit dad.
DoctoDoctorWho PillowPoni|Minecraft i like Meet the Medic
It's good that you know that.
Yes you can.
it was the clowns fault
Yes you can.
He would be alive if he didn't teleport across streets
00,10he would still be alive if my genes did't make him stupid as mud
You lost him in the store, and you failed to save him from the car.
Just think, this would have all been avoided if you'd held onto the kids hood instead of letting him waddle off.
If its not your fault, I dont know who's it is.
superretroworld: The word is CURFEW.........i have curfew at 12'o clock
He is not a great kid
You stupid bugger,.
You used to be a shitty dad, now you're a REALLY shitty dad
damn son
I'm killing people.
:(
"I'm the killer"
Im also partial to meet the pyro if thats okay with everypony...
No
aw
admit it
It's kind of a new hobby.
I need a therapist.
i liked meet the pyro
''im a scatman''
They seem pretty kewl
No it's not, that car was going like twenty tops
Was I lucky, was I?
00,10it's as if his faceal hear stoped growing that day
You feeling lucky, punk?
00,10hair*
Problem?
....
Yes, dad, you killed my brother
Translation: I HATE YOU
I love edamame 8)
Trollface
School
00,10shawn is pissed cause you put him in a girls jacket
Sumica: *Facial
Well...
well fuck
Shouldve made him do his homework.
I told you to do your homework
Hey Shawn, go wander off.
He doesnt have any friends.
Wah wah wah
hey shawn, check out that car
Hey Shaun, want to go wander in front of a car?
Dont worry Shaun, I was like you once.
Dat homework
00,10want me to buy you a bird?
lol
Nothing
Sumica: awwwww
Want me to flip you the bird?
Sit there and ignore him.
Shaun needs to go in to therapy with his dad.
Before the bird died
Therapy Unison?
Lul
"What can I do to cheer him up?" Well not being a shitty dad for starters
Kinixys: good ol' family bonding eh?:D
Just leave him there
I'll give you the bird.
CHEWIES
....
Yeah leave your son. Way to go Val
inb4 Shaun doesnt like strawberry
00,10gon
inb4 something happens to Shaun
they cost 2 bucks i bet
You are the worst parent.
mmmm chewies
eat them infront of him
Yes.. Maybe ... Simpson style?
Nope? Okay then
OH HA
chewie?
TAKE THAT BRONYSTATE
Fail
...
FAAIL
:)
00,10red ballons, red cars
HES GONNA DIE ON IT
EAT YOUR CHEWIES SHAUN!!
Sumica: red blood
Sudden Mood change
Sumica lol
catapult shaun!
:D Ah! Bonding
Dat bipolar
Suddenly he's cheerful because his aging father wants to seesaw with him?
launches kid, breaks his spine
OK
Okay rainbow dash...
"Make my fly"
Pick him up and lob him.
00,10inb4 nutshot
Now make him fly
That can't be good
Thats what she said
yeah make him fly
Into a car.
send him to the mooon!
The hell? He was just depressed five seconds ago
His laugh
It makes me smile
:)
To the moon dad, to the moon
Is this kid off his meds?
HappyCanary: ikr
Well this makes me happy.
Um....
HappyCanary: i love the sound of laughing children
MAKE HIM FLY
Don't do that....
:) so happy
One of the few happy moments after the prologue
^_^
children :|
:)
13ded
00,10now stand on the end of it so he cant get down
and then a car fell on them
ohai shizu
13ohai
CMON ETHAN
MAKE HIM FLY
Und dann ded again.
:) Now this is quite nice
ill push you.... off
13eeyup
ILL PUSH YA
00,10ffs dose it ever stop raining.
twilight_sprinkle: And the dad blames himself
HappyCanary: enjoy the 1 hour of happy
drop him
00,10it's like every one just stoped giveing a shit
Bronysith: I love the sound of crying children...
So when does he manage to lose this kid too?
Never was very lively anyway...
/me slaps DoctoDoctorWho
FAIL
lol
...does anyone thing he's trying to intentionally hurt himself?
:$
think*
Because this whole scene feels like it's broadcasting "he's about to lose the other kid too" through a loudspeaker
DoctoDoctorWho: /) me too!
HIGHER DAD
:D
Seesaw: "Make me fly"
what is this?
Swing: "Higher"
gotta say high igh igh igh eh igh igh igh till i die ieieieieieieieie
Heavy Rain
NOOOOO
Dovah: *(\
D'aww
hehehehehe
Shaun sounds so goofy it makes me laugh :$
Smoke weed erryday
I know where I am now
Come on dad, higher
This makes me smile. :)
Hey son btw,... im the origami killer
High as a kite.
I hear a clown
Scumbag game, makes you smile to then make you cry even more
Sumica: This game and its rain fetish are more depressing than an Amy Lee concert. :|
XD
00,10How high are you, no officer it goes "hi how are you"
Wait
YES
Oh god..
DO IT
00,10that sounds safe
You dont want him to stay on it?!
I bet I can give you minor injuries with this!
"Great, it could break my neck!"
That isn't good
"I bet I can push you so fast, you'll fly right in front of a car."
why would you wanna do that ethan?!
GREAT I'LL GRAB MY STUFF!
Does anyone else here think the kid is trying to hurt himself?
And then Shaun flew away and died
Don't face plant now....
PillowPoni|Minecraft: maybe lol
cachi01|phone: There is no time, your sword is enough
Just get a moped and put the wheel on it
Oh yeah faster
close your eyes son, imagine your on acar, a red car....
00,10dad already sounds winded
And then a car crashed through the park...
Faster
FASTER FASTER
RUN ETHAN RUN
What the hell...?
That stupid dad
:) This is...kinda nice.
Sumi he's an unshaven drunk, what do you expect.
Meanwhile: All them car downloads caught up to him
It wasn't fast enough... bad ending...
Lul
lol
Natural selection at its finest.
daw
:(
What is this?
family bonding :)
Astronaughts,,,
More HeaVY rain
"coming"?
00,10in that cas Meanwhile, I expect him to go full redneck and use a moped to make it spen
Brace yourselves
CriticKitten: I have found that whenever I get pissed off, It starts raining. Regardless of weather conditions previously...
wait?
The rain is coming
rain? holy sheeeet
okay
Oh hell.
IT NEVER STOPPED RAINING, YOU MORON.
wasnt already raining?
It actually wasnt raining
I think
The rain's coming, he's coming, everyone is coming in this game.
I came
D'aww
SpeedyBolt: Then why were there rain sounds through that whole scene?
00,10what part kid?
Aww
....AWWWWWWWWW!
i was just angwey
mitamaking|swings: He's coming to hell.
Bad programming.
:)
cachi01|phone: I left
WHat a story mark
Canary feels better ^_^
Meanwhile: Damn
Dont lose track of him.
brb
Stick close...
Does teh dialogue remind anyone opf the room?
yay canary feels better!
inb4 he loses this kid too
no
PONY
YOU FOOL
Bronu
Oh...oh no
Oh god no, YOU IDIOT
And then he never saw his son again
Brony*
YOU NEVER LEARN, DO YOU?
Do not turn around
Omg
Haven't we seen this before?
00,10gone
pick a red horse
A repeat
Leaving the kid alone? Are you that stupid?
Pick the red horse
please
He had the money this time
aaaaaaaaaaaaaand kidnapped by slenderman
Oh there he is..
Wait, not de-
Dat music
Bronysith: That's terrifying there
....trippy.
Oh fuck, another blackout
aaaaand comes back around without him on it
oh god
Wut
He learned to put money in his front pocket
00,10here comes the drums!
here we go again
Derp
thats what you get for eating taco bell
MOVE
oriiiigaaaami
No. OH GOD NO NO NO NO NO
Is he kidnapping his son, from himself?
CAR!
Wait
Bronysith thats a nice idea for the sequel
NOOOOOOOOOO
I guess I'll just go stand in the road...
How does he end up HERE/
cars really hate him
Werent there people in the park?
Called that shit, by the way
00,10......uh
SHAUN!
SHAAAAAUUN
LOL
SHAUN
SHAUN
It's fucking night time. How long was he out.
HERE WE GO AGAIN
SHAUN
SHAAAUUUUUUUN
He's lost the other one
SHAUN
SHAUN!!!
Danger music
SHAAUUUUN
00,10where did that ruck come from it the road was blocked off?
This cant be good.
Goddammit, did he lose the other one now?
huh what just happend?
Bronysith beyond two souls?
SHAAAAAAAAAAAUN
/me gives HappyCanary a box
He is so fucking shit at being a dad.
FENTON
FENTON!
SHAUN
SHAUN!
FENTON!
Why was the merry go round moving?
KHAAAAN!
FENGELEIN!
SHAUN!
Was Shaun EVER real?
FENGELIEN!!
Worst parent ever
DocSane: nah
00,10yeah dari, I been hearing that too
VenHur: FEGELEIN!
Hi guys whats going on
This is getting scary.
SHAUN
This is pretty scary
So what we're watching?
Man Ethan you fucking suck,.
Heavy Rain
00,10KAAAAAAAAAAAAAN!
Welp, you lsot your other son
That's TWICE you've done this.
Might as well top yourself
Dejavu
congrats you lost another kid
You stupid asshole.
Way to go
SHAUUUUUUUUUUUUN :(
VenHur: heavy rain
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Meanwhile: Parenting at its best
Oragami!
And then he got hit by a car.
:'(
KHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN
00,10you bastards you blew it up!
well Im bored, cu ponies l8r
How did he lose this one, wouldn't another parent look into what was happening?
And see how he's REALLY FUCKING hurt this time.
Meanwhile: The end
:'(
is it ok to post an image link?
cachi01|phone: hehe
:'(
Oh, I never played this, but looking at this gameplay...hot damn, this is breathtaking.
/me with NAHRMAN...
:(
You've unlocked a new bonus
.....well, no need to resolve THAT plot point, onto the next character!
a new bonus?
Should of woned game of the year.
More Jaihden
00,10Meanwhile at the FBi
VenHur: You mean movie of the year
mitamaking just concept art
Lahng
TT_TT Lawd
What game is this
Heavy Rain.
a parting gift, use it wisely. http://nooooooooooooooo.com/
VenHur it won goty
dat action man
Take your shoe off, smell it.
Oh god.
Proceed to choke and die.
This again.
00,10he's playing the bored game
ok guys i'll be back later
http://derpy.me/O0snT how it should have ended
Make sure you are bored right
YEEAAHHH
WAT
Lul
00,10play some pong
wat
This guy is trying to be Adam Jensen?
Whatever is getting streamed should be ...whoah
I've done this before
its the new 3ds, now in glove form!
It's pretty fun
How is this.
All we need now is the "YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!".
lol break out
HOW
00,10cops like wtf
and everyone else is like that guys is crazy
cop "wtf?"
This is the future.
Hopefully.
hes doing best doctor house impression
hes just high
Hell, the FBI might even have this shit
SpeedyBolt: October 2011
Virtual boredom simulator.
Waiting is magic
hello!
Looks familar? *compares a scene with Rainbow Dash tossing a ball in the hospital and this*
that was hardcore, i feel tired just watching
*familiar
hoi DarthDashie
hi DarthDashie
This guy... With that technology you could do SO MANY THINGS! And he choses to THROW A BALL AGAINST THE WALL?
00,10just think what it must be like when he jerks it with that glove.
Stan Lee?
Lonko yes
walkin and talkin
Intoduce
walk walk walk
cachi01|phone: What a wanker
Sumica: Virtual companion?
Sumica: Miku?
Morning
He's a Rainbow Dash.
8:15 AM
It was dark as fuck
...
If I had that I would play 'sing along with Pinkie Pie.'
....they're making you tie the tie?
Y'know, with the ball trow to the wall stuff?
Tie simulator
00,10I cant tie a tie on someone else
00,10I have to wear it to be able to tie it
tie tie simulator 2000
HEAVY RAIN! Feel the pulse-pounding excitement of tying your boss's tie!
and eat him up
God, who designed this game.
David cage
You would love that, wouldnt you Jayden?
00,10demn eyebrows
david CAGE
WHY would you have a tie tying minigame?
French
a mad frenchman
Idear
00,10ideer
How long is this?
French developer Quantic Dream
Best accent
welcome to the pony club, jaydon
Welcome to the herd, Jayden.
Heavy Rain in a nutshell: TIES! WE MUST WEAR TIES! BECAUSE TIES ARE MAINLY, YES?
00,10put the glasses on
the amount of roleplayers is too damn hoigh
Sit down, you jerk!
I was tempted to buy an iDeer, but the new one comes out in a month anyways and it holds way more songs.
Look for clues here!
Is it nessecary for THAT MANY photosnaps?
Sumica: And cue the "YEAAAAAAAAAAAAH".
/me slaps VenHur
Ben Drowned
Hey, HEY
Violence.
00,10dat loud note takeing
I'm pretty sure you don't need this many photos.
Ask a question
CriticKitten: Exactly!
....Zodiac Killer?
This was definatly the work of someone who likes Origami.
00,10they dont have motin cameras CriticKitten
zodiac killer
Zodiac Killer was real
00,10so they take lots of photos and make flipbooks
The Zodiac Killer was an actual serial killer who was never caught.
So what about the Kodak Killer?
those graphics
Who murders people with a polaroid camera?
Origami killer was based on him
"WHAT ABOUT DISCORD!?"
Haha, it was me all along
00,10no one could bear to look for him CrimsonPhoenix
00,10er CriticKitten
:P
Discord does not murder, just causes Chaos, different M O
Screw you. I'm busy.
Jayden x Blake
"not now, im watching ponies, case later"
Dick
That is clearly a plastic watch.
Why would you contribute to that fund?
You know, out of some games that should have a movie, it's this one. Agreed, Sumica?
Is Chritopher Walken somewhere in this?
Secretly, Jayden wears the pants in their relationship.
Dat accent...
00,10I can live with this VenHur
and then Sumica jumped off a building.
hurr hurr
00,10I dont mind games that want to tell a story more then be a game
hai everyone
Sumica: MGS
Hi Dken2021.
hi Dken2021
oh Sumica
That's a nice office.
/me hey Dken2121
heavy rain I see
Hai Dken2021
what a shit office
lolwut
Sumica: Try Dear Esther...
Now draw plans
Lock the door.
Just needs a little bit of....everything
Hi Dken
aaand done. time to go home
Flip it
He's trying to flip it!
00,10first step throw every thing on floor and dance nuid on table
Flip the table!
I thought lionsgate was doing a heavy rain.movie
god, can't belive I was called for work at 5 in the morning tomorrow
He's crazy
I thought he was gonna flip the table
lolwut
YEEEEEEAHHHHHHHHH
YEAAAAAHH!
And then shades again
DAMMIT!
time to play breakout again
Ooooh that game where you can spaz the character out
DocSane: ive been doing that since the first time :P
00,10why would you ever take them off.
YEAAAAAAAAA- *looks up* Aww FUCK!
The water one!
ah, using the shades again
lolwut
....
Sumica: it can kill you
The hell...?
Drowned
Okay, no.
drowned
like i said, hes just high
I need an explanation for these glasses.
Now.
Easy.
/me CriticKitten its the next 3DS
00,10unda da sea
Sumica: Maybe if he uses them too much he becomes addicted...
sweet, I got into the MechWarrior Online beta
This game is set in 2021
CriticKitten government experiment
So, this is Minority Report: The Game, right?
Young people, meet your future.
theyre 3d projectors it would seem
Sumica he has to take some drugs due to the fucking glasses
not outward projector
Under the seeea!
'cuz this shit is just a BIT beyond real life present day tech. XD
"I know this, because I'm NAHRMAN JAYDEN"
Did that say blue?
...I need those glasses.
shoo be doo shoo shoo be doo
so I finished season 3 of DoctorWho....well the new series
Valve will make this a realityas
HEY
Flare.
Origami store?
That seems too easy
Origami Store.
Specialist store.
Lonko valve and google
didnt know they had origami stores
Lonko I was thinking what google had might be a bit similar
Now this game is getting japanese
Actually
Gentlecolt, the i-Glasses.
Orahgahmee staws
Dken2021: Google is not sophisticated enough
Since he says things in a funny way
Google Goggles
Man, I would love to try Occolus Rift
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: The Pony: An Unexpected Journeigh
....digital files....
I guess go to the origami store
VenHur dude watch out with that I you might get sued
00,10man this would be amusing to own
9-13
no one spoiled anything yet?
imagine, if you had those glasses, you could be IN ponyville
Okay, I am just going to assume this guy is a nutter
Bronysith: :3
THANK GOD, I'M SAFE
DocSane: Those are actually real, I sawed a video of it.
the origami killer is a pedo
Nehthen.
VenHur: I know
Rain watuh
Wait, why did they just now mention that they were young boys
You know... he'd bee reading these things backward.
There's no way this is real tech, so yeah, I'm going with "he's batshit insane"
00,10perhaps it's not a killer
mitamaking|swings it will be explained later
DocSane: Don't know if it's real, but...yeah.
FlareChaser: hi
CriticKitten it's from the government
I mean it fits, but why wait till now to tell the player
It's clearly Ethan. Not content with killing his own kids, he's killing other peoples' kids too,
Just...don't use the glasses in a library, driving a car, or trolling.
id never leave ponyville if i had those glasses
sonicdude558: Oh yeah, I sit here and refresh EQD every 10 seconds to check for a enw post
new*
lol
Because trolling with those glasses makes it 20% uncool.
The real killer can't be obvious.. there has to be a twist.
sauspects
It also means that your cops have suspiciously consistent timing between the discovery of the body and their death
we dont pay him....
I wonder if.... I might spoil if I am guessing right
Which would imply that it's a cop
>_>
Twilight Sparkle
^^^^^^^^
But of course that's too logical.
White? Why does he have to be white?
oh boy....
00,10so how do the goggles make sounds
He's tripping balls.
Withdrawl?
ITS DRUG TIME
It was Jayden
withdrawel
Sumica: magic
Drink dat blue shit
Sumica: Vibrations through the ksull
all the main heroes have trip mode
Dat walk
hey val, do you have the DLC story?
That camera...
00,10*thud*
i dont need it...
FlareChaser: i thought you left the chat forever
I'll feel better if I'm high...
i dont need it...
I was dissapointed about the DLC....
Looks like those goggles have some nasty side-effects
What does he need?
He needs MLP fix...
Where da heck is it?!
00,10just this one, one more ep of ponies. I will be fine if I can just get some ponies
PillowPoni|Minecraft good ol' druggie
His drug.
doors, how do they work??
lol tripto
Dken2021: Ahh
So this character is effectively the Towelie of this game?
GODDAMIT VAL DRINK IT
Don't do it, don't do drugs
Inb4 women's room.
00,10twiccha twwich
slenderman?
No one must know about my addiction to pony.
00,10epic nic fit
he should be covering his head
dat door handle
Yeah sorry, but this isn't dramatic.
So chill with the damn orchestra. :P
Wouldve been funny if he walked into the girls' bathroom
CriticKitten he dies if he doesnt drink that
but it's a nice orchestra
So?
Jeez, games trying to copy hollywood movies
cachi01|phone: not necasarrily
Hey there budy.. we gotta ask you a few questions..
cachi01|phone: he just get in lots of pain
They caught him
ghost cop?
and he flew away
00,10LIES!
I went to the park, then I blacked out and lost him. I'm a sweet father like that
00,10the kid put himself on it
oh btw gaiz im the origami killed, just thought id mention that
that cop just walked through
Bronysith then dies
They force you to remember
LOL
Pick a number muppet.
And he was wearing...clothes.
IT WAS WHITE
Green pants
he wore pants???
....and a pair of pants.
cachi01|phone: no, he can resist, but if it gets too much then he needs to take it at a certain point
AMAZING.
Oh, he was wearing pants, was he?
My god, what a description
Were they green?
00,10shirt and pants, thanks for that descriotion.
brb
BUSTED
worse dad ever
HE FREEZES IN PLACE AND SAYS
Green pants
00,10lies!
"Difficulties" like a shitty father?
00,10Shawn of the now dead
Everythin
like his brother died....
divorce
>.<
Shawn of The Dead
So the divorce happened 6 months ago
Hey. A father who's there for his kid is better than most.
....
Kandarihu: not to mention he does whatever it takes to *spoiler
Sure
Turn up DEAD
:D
Because he runs off
Kandarihu: tru fax
then hes ded
00,10if it is then he's dead in a week
Sensitive Detective.
Dat time limit
4 days.... DUN DUN DUN
Hey look
Bitchmom
THEN THE MOON GETS HIM
4 Days...I thought it was 3...
00,10yeah they found out you like to sleep around
hello everypony
hey Freefall29
ohai
hi Freefall29.
/me Hello Freefall29
Hi Freefall29
hoi Freefall29
...Fuck you, Grace.
I can't believe you lost both my kids
I thought it was 5 days
The same way he lost the last kid?
You didnt watch him either.
what movie is this?
He FAINTED.
00,10smack a bitch
what a bitch
Freefall29 hehe, movie
BITCH
incoming divorce
Ahhmann.
No.
Smack her.
No it wasn't.
Awwwwww
SLAP DAT HOE
goddamn
Freefall29: press x the movie
I want to lose all of you.
smack that bitch!
:|
You know
RENEGADE HER
:|
Smack that bitch!
is this heavy rain
don't comfort her\
00,10how dare you dive infront of a car to save our son
no
oh hey Freefall29 this is heavy rain
:'(
Melons
Bronysith: figured. I've heard about this one
*sigh*
/me hugs LadyCanary
Freefall29: it's quicktime event the movie
Being sympathetic wont get you anywhere, bitch
I don't mind this being so much like a movie....but I do hate how they look like mannequins
Sumica: And live even though it only hit you
Freefall29: it is a game considered to be art
what a selfish whore
00,10time to black out and go play in trafic again
hi
yeah. I heard about it in a rant about how much he hated quick time events with a passion
Dem graphics look too real
MORE SHELBY
hai Hipster-Pony
:P
oh, time for more L.A. Noire
face.
alright, this guy
lol
Oh yes, the PI who works by his own rules
It's more like a movie that considers itself a game.
eeeeeyup
HE'S STARING AT OUR SOULS!
brb
I guess this is an early movie night
So that guy's face is more of a loading screen?
It's a game.
00,10hey, is't this the drug store from walkingdead?
pretty much
Its just kinda like a movie
dat graphic
Dat voice
VenHur, he only glances at our souls every few seconds
i swear that guy reminds me of Sgt. Mike Cosgrove he just needs the hat
so is it possible to get a game over?
No.
Kandarihu if u r playing with ethan then ethans face will be the loadimg screen
few question?
I'll give you a hint, though
00,10he is more of a pie then a PI
Kid number 2
AJIsAwesome: did you ping me!
cachi01|phone, I see
xD
Freefall29 if by game over you mean worse possible ending, then yes
Somebody can die in this game.
Marco: No. :S
O:
and if that happens, you get their worst ending.
Dken2021: game over... as in you failed to press x at right time.
SpeedyBolt yes
....do you sell inhalers?
What?
Dem cheps
crunch crunch
This game needs a sequel...if the story of it doned right actually.
Press X to not die
Freefall29 well, depends on the event
inb4 robbery
Hi Andrew
grab 2
Aren't those prescription medications?
Uh oh
Again
Inb4 shelby is spiderman
oh shit
GIVE ME MAH MONEY
stealth mode, activated
You can tell it in his voice
Oh sheet.
He doesnt want to do it.
What?
oh no, it;s Cris R.
Uhoh
00,10stealthfully wattle up on him
oh shit man
Oh yeah right, this fatass is going to stealth mode on this guy
Stealth waddle.
Do you not have insurance?
You will pay for that beer
Dont die...
hmmm
pull the trigger
close one
should i take this powder
OH SHIT
Is this kid deaf?
waddle waddle waddle
really>?
....Shit.
It took him that long to notice?
dang
Drop it...
Damn fatty fat fat.
DURURURUR
heheh
whats your last name
Hi Andrew
Well that explains it.
JESSICA
He's desperate for his little girl..
man. this is a terrible criminal
Well does she want a murdering daddy
Speech level insufficient, ded
Freefall29: he is desperate to help his kid
Freefall29: He doesnt want to do it, he's obviously scared
Shoot him! :D
kill themboth
get more money
and a PI badge
....Oh wow! He did it!
lol what?
Good boy, Drew.
NOW ARREST HIM
Nice reasoning, Val!
what a nice robber
this kid aint so bad.
Oh wow..
If only that shit worked in real life
Oh, guys
You can just feel the awkward like, dripping off of that guy.
just a note
He set that up like he did the abusive boyfriend
You'd have gotten shot is what would've happened.
give the guy money
You would've died, that's what
PillowPoni|Minecraft: ikr.
Wow Val U did it on your first time? Fuck im.impressed. It took me 3 times O_o
If he failed in that sequence, the counter guy wouldve died.
how many endings does this game have
SpeedyBolt or you would have knoxked out the guy
9
so yea, every event in this game changes the outcomeof the ending
little boys
To think, all those people who complain about violence in videogames. We keep telling them that it's the way video games have to be... and then THIS comes along!
And so you're giving this valuable evidence to a random man instead of, ya know, THE POLICE?
Thank you come again
he didn't pay for the inhaler
Kandarihu: what do you mean?
hehe
2,14 hes a PI
2,14 later on you find out he used to be a cop
No wonder they can't find the killer, every parent is uncooperative and not giving up evidence!
Press X to not die
jeez orchestra, calm down!
Hello, Madison.
ValtheJean: of course he did
XD caramel slept through the whole scene
trophy
oh, this the first time we be playing as her?
Yeah
Inb4 porn
00,10Like I said val, more like filled with pie
ah, yup
The robber scene in a nutshell: OBJECTION! ...The End.
GASP
2,14 lol
/me in some chicks apartment...
Sumi: XD
I mean, the ideals of every crusader against videogame violence is that the games we'd be playing would allow player characters to resolve their differences without violence.
2,14 and no, I'm not taking a shower
Meanwhile: o u
2,14 so dont ask me
nice boobs
Aww
Sorry guys, no boob scene for you.
she's half naked
And that would render violent games obselete.
but...she has a illness val
Crisis averted, I got my system up and running again. I had a malware attack and I bluscreened twice yesterday..
00,10who needs to take a show just step outside
Hi oni_link
Ah! My brain
oni_link: Did you identify the malware?
hey SpeedyBolt :P
ouch oni_link.
floating sentences
PILLZ
Hi oni_link
PEELZ
Is it ALWAYS morning with these people/
PEELZ HERE
Come to think of it, nothing ever becomes obselete in the arts.
i have imsomnia the shower helps
HOT MILK
I'm going to break it down for anybody who doesnt know at this point
pop dem peelz
coco
Hawt
Insomnia is awful.
Ethan = Blackouts, Scott = Asthma, Jayden = Drugs, This bitch = Insomnia
dat ass
Look up Ponies
uh oh
....stalker?
creepr
I need to sleep, goes on computer
sssssssssboom
SLENDY IS HEEEEEREEEE
creeper
iiiiiiiiiiim baaaaaaaaaaaack
SpeedyBolt pretty much everyone you plas as has a cruthc
i like her apartment
*crutch
It gives that feeling of "nobody is perfect" thing.
aww crap
dat ass
TheGreatAndPowerfulT ikr
Her apartment has too many windows for her to be walking around in her underwear.
Me = Insane on a contact with tacos
Kandarihu pls
SMile
I am in love with the graphics
sure, coco would be nice at 88:88 time
PeeEleEss?
Oh hush
We all know what you're staring at.
The graphics are great, and this is a great idea, not a 60 dollar idea though
bonjourno Nittany_Discord
I've heard they plan on making a movie out of this "game"
Hi Nittany_Discord :)
Sometime next year
Or 2014
Freefall29: done
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOBS
SpeedyBolt: who is you're in this context
this shouldve been A movie
Freefall29 but it's pretty much a movie on it;s own
*you
DocSane: I believe so but its still sluggish. I think I still have some, there was a total of 12 files that were in my system and I managed to remove them, but i think now I have adware because certain key phrases become highlited in blue. But it looks like its my jobs website that has that problem.
Freefall yes lionsgate will be doing it
:o
A certain person on this chat
how can you make a movie out of a movie
mitamaking|swings: that's why it's probably about $10 now. :D
Easy.
/me takes a bite out of SuperSteak64
also hi cachi01|phone and Kinixys , my machine is still derpin
Freefall29: ask holly wood
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Instrumental Music: FlutterHeaven / Rain in the Midnight Hour / From Lands Beyond the Everfree / Winter In Equestria
dat Nittany_Discord <3\
10 dollars.... I may grab this
ohai emangamer
sup Nittany_Discord
If you can make a mountain out of a molehill, then its possible to make a movie out of a videogame movie
sup dk
If they make a movie out of this they're really just milking it, it's already got less actual gameplay than Pong.
Hi all.
/me dusts Nittany_Discord.
Freefall29, pretty much the same way these anime studios can make an anime series out of a Visual Novel.
the ps move version is 20 dollsrs
Who has ever made a moutain out of a molehill?
Hi Nittany_Discord :)
or like making a movie remake
hi Nittany_Discord
Dat music
Nittany_Discord: but I'm the only one who said hai >:
Kandarihu school days
mitamaking|swings: hollywood
dat brand radio
I dunno about making this a movie, the charming part about this game was you have input, I'm not sure how this would translate to the big screen
this chat is ded, it can't survive, it needs something to give it live
Volcano maybe?
cachi01|phone, Kanon, Clannad, Air
She must be thinking "Wait, why the hell would I go like this?"
tbh i like how theres so many options to go with
Clannad is a game? :o
heavy rain: now with less press x and more cliches
Now get drunk
boobs
OH, SHES DRINKING FROM THE BOTTLE
Don't drink
whooo gettin tipsy
Errybody in the club getting tipsy
In order to actually live as a chat it'd need more people, but said people are only around here for the sake of avoiding movie night spam.
Classy. Right from the bottle. :D
ValtheJean: make her drink the bleach under the kitchen sink
haha nice LadyCanary :D
lol
cachi01|phone, yeah. Air, Kanon, and Clannad were all based on VNs by Key/Visual Art
SHUT UP ORCHESTRA
O__________O mfw I havent seen LadyCanary in months
sooo back to where we started
she can't sleep cause of nightmares I guess.
Work it, gurl
Insomnia.
I haven't seen you in months man, hjow ya been?
I am getting tired of this room
GO TO SLEEP
showa time
Wash dat face
Nice sink
Needs to get some sleep
wow dat sink
at 2:47 aM
Dken2021: moi?
killer behind you. its the bathroom after all
Does everything except go to bed.
What kinda sink....
That music is loud
Do laundry!
emangamer oh wait, I think I saw you weeks ago, nvm
It's got four faucets.
aaand bam
*boogaboogabooga*
That sink is something out of The Suffering, I swear
almost called it
That music was real loud right there.
Open Fridge
Dken2021: probably
Alright. There's an intruder
Turn that damn music off.
its just the beer getting to ya
someone ATE MY CAKE!!!
He stole your food.... oh no
...either that, or she's asleep already.
????
Red spy in the base!
Oh shit
I think she's seeing things..
the mmmmm cake has been BITTEN
YES FINALLY
Spy is not our spy!
wooooooooosh
que orchestra
Thanks GOD it wasn't the taco...I would of goned crazy if someone ated the taco...
...Oh jeez @_@
the door is locked
scream
dem chocies man!
How horrible.
oh my
Run Madison!
now, I hope you guys would be mature enough for what's about to happen
what a booty
dat ass
Bitch, put some clothes on. Damn. Have some dignity
lol dat bouncy camera
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: The Pony: An Unexpected Journeigh
she's a single woman in the city, why doesn't she have a bat or something?
wrong choice
dat animation
She can't leave yet! She's not decent!
called it
OH SHIT
nerf_soldier: lmao IKR
LadyCanary: what would you do in this situation?
I bet it's just her neighbor trying to turn down her freaking music at like 3 AM.
wtf?
ughhh
lol
It doesnt matter if you win here or not.
How did these people even get in here?
dat hax
idk
rape?
Attempt to defend myself
Man, these quicktime events
2,14 speedybolt
Meanwhile: Stealth.
2,14 stop spoiling things
Hipster-Pony: quick time rape
oh shiiii....................
I'm sorry.
lloll
Well he got the point
OH GOD IT'S RAINING ON THE SCREEN
wow
I'll just shut up.
stab
Rape...
two?
why do robbers always try to kill people...
oh no!!!
three?
THE SPY HAS DOUBLED
i she... a ninja?
Because they hate evreything
noobs
SpeedyBolt: this is what reason is for
i smell death...
wait, 3?
Rape?
how many of these guys are there?
kick their ass!
what happens if you lose
...3 I think
Finally in bed
i'm not counting
or just decide to NOT press the x button
in bed....
no rape 4 u
Triple?
O SH-
wat is this?
lolstab
Man! Way to go girl!
Heavy Rain
Two of them?! shit.
oh
she has knifes all over the apartment in case of knife emergency!
SHIT
*knives
O NO
LadyCanary: no there's four now
crap, third guy
...
oh come on
llolllll
-_-
So there were 3...or what?
There was a ... it was a dream
...For the love of OH GOD.
Well that was pointless, thanks!
...v.v
...
So this is Heavy Rain? pretty good :3
dang insomnia
So...where was the point in that?
:\
it was all for nothing! LOLOLOLOL
well that was severly anticlimactic
There was no point.
There wasn't any, was there.
No point
Press X to not die
the entire game is a dream!
That was literally pointless.
That was basically a waste of our time/
...no point
ppl play skylanders
how long did that scene last
I think it was just explaining.
thank u dreams
DocSane: quit quoting ZP
No wonder the time was 88:88
Wow, it almost fooled me into thinking there was a point for a minute.
Dead?
I can see why the PS3 kids were raving on about this :P
20 minutes?
Quite a while.
Meanwhile scare the Sh*t out of you ?
Well she got sleep
in fact im dreaming of all of you right now
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: That wasn't scary.
Evening,a ll.
*all
Meanwhile I think to tell you that you're gonna expect more complex button pushing
emangamer: Well, he has a point.
Allo Reikim.
twilight_sprinkle: But I am dreaming you
hai Reikim
Mhmm.
What are you guys watching?
Meanwhile so you don't know when things actually affect what you are doing ...
mitamaking|swings: not unless i dreamt you first!
Heavy Rain
emangamer: This game is nothing but Press X to Not Die
Reikim: heavy rain. the game of press x to win
Also it isn't a movie
Yo Ethan...
What if Bronystate was a dream all this time?! *wakes up* ...Nope...
You alright?
twilight_sprinkle: O///O
Stop with the archetecture
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: How is that a good point to make? "By the way you may be totally irrelevant"
poor ethan, that beard of sorrow looks horrible on him
/me slaps VenHur "Don't you say that!"
gimme a tardis!
Can the orchestra shut up for once?
DocSane: doesnt mean you should get laughs off of other's jokes
what if this whole game is a dream
What if ponies was just a dream
Actually that's not bad, might make it more like a movie, now if they'd just take the actions out...
god this is boring
Then i would never wake up
I had a dream about ponies once
if ponies were a dream. it was the greatest dream ever
Ghost_Nappa: Do NOT complain about the stream damnit!
hey gang, a clue
oh god, ghost nappa
From what I'm reading, this game qualifies as "Existentialism: The Game".
oh look, a collectible!!!!
emangamer: That's not a joke. That's me making commentary by quoting another.
Uh....foreshadowing? Symbolism? Stupid pointless bullshit?
YOU DECIDE :D
Freefall29: Don't say such a thing!
CriticKitten: yes
oh hey there Reikim whats going on?
I cant say, without the risk of getting banned.
Sorry guys :p
SpeedyBolt: da heck you talking about
Why would Shaun jsut get left there
alright, I'm off for another 3 weeks
>3 weeks
Bronysith: Nothing much. Trying vaguely to write badass ponies, but I'm not sure if my heart is in it. It's a bit hard getting the ball rolling.
wat
see you people later
emangamer!!!!
3 weeks?
DUDE
WHEREVE YOU BEEN 0_o
wow, later emangamer . Take care
seeya then emangamer, or not, the choice is yours
Meanwhile since everything is due to your choices or lack of them yeah it makes a point if you think something is irrelevant
Reikim: but once it rolls it wont stop
WHAT DOES IT MEAN?
Just wait, jeez.
Fail at getting up?
He's got a golden ticket~
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: My point is that that's not helpful. A choice is meaningless if you can't properly judge how it's going to turn out.
this town is always raining
like a boss
HELLO, POLICE
lol
hows VT
Left or right? Oh doesn't matter there's a fucking open man hole cover on both routes.
What dafuq!!! D: Gears 3 lags so much!!!!!!! :[
and no reporter notices it ?
ha paparazi got served
dis is weerd
Sheesh you go to play TF2 and all they want to do is not kill each other. -_-
See you emangamer
MASF123: that sucks
weeping angel?
They we're about to kick me from the server D:
emangamer: alright
Meanwhile uhmm makes sense
oh dear, not this
laters
crowd fear activate
oh no
deuces
i saw a weeping angel
WHat sucks oni_link?
oh hey there TheGreatAndPowerfulT
Woah...
I just had some scary vision.
>.>
hey Bronysith
do tell
btw, he has a fear of crowds
What?
bai
Dken2021: I wonder why...
Oh come on!
MASF123: you said gears was lagging
That wasn't me. :/
Come on, you can make it!
then this happens....
Fear of crowds? What a wonderful plot contrivance, I mean character point!
Great job, Ethan.
I'll be back, I have to go again, I have to shower now.
huh
You broke EVERYTHING
YOU KILLED HIM!
Ded.
lolded
Whats happening to him, I look away and its tripping me out O,O
that too CriticKitten
Oh god what
dad....
What the hell?
da fuck?
Here we go again right?
well this is strange
That voice is scary
you kiiiiiled me faaaatheeeeeer.
Everything freezed!
Yup.
:D
JAAASON
Just knock down everybody.
Jaaaaason!
JASUN
That's a good way.
steamroller incoming
Stop killing people
JAASON
dat THUD
and murder everyone
JAAAAAASSSSSSSOOOONNNN
yay, ragdoll
fuck you guys
/me everyone just flumps to the floor like sacks of flour...
there's an achivement for knocking down the people btw
This brings new meaning to "killing everything you touch"
Hi SuperSteak64.
Meanwhile: dat flump
shit he vanished
he must be a spooker
It's like a game of dominoes!
You are killing so many people
daaaaAAAAAAd
Man why is the voice acting in this game so bad
That voice creepsd me out...
this was very odd, it's like he's in superspeed or something
Erryday ahm flumpin.
Dad! My character was poorly written, dad!
Meanwhile: LD
*:D
Okay, seriously
derp
What the hell is wrong with these people?
CriticKitten: lol'd.
wtf are we watching?
how convienent
SpeedyBolt good ol' human error
Is everybody in this game just...not paying attention to a man wandering randomly off?
That works
RoboGerbil: apparantly Heavy Rain
thats one way to get though a crowd
RoboGerbil one.of my fave games
SpeedyBolt: yes
RoboGerbil heavy rain
/me A overly realistic film, RoboGerbil
cachi01|phone: wow.. you need to play some better games
RoboGerbil: seriously
RoboGerbil example?
what's wrong with this?
In it is.... a HEAD
cachi01|phone: just about anything else
OH MY GOD A BOX!
A baux. :o
ooo, a box
cowvarkian this game is good and you should feel bad
We know what is in the box, we saw one earlier
WHats in the box? :3
cachi01|phone: um... no
yes
no
It's a box inside a box inside another box!
Yes
its a box full of guts
Boxception.
nei
Oui
:D
ni
LadyCanary: now shit gets real
Si
Dken2021: :)
nein
Ah, the box.
brb
Here's a gun and some other shit. Enjoy.
Dken2021 dat reference lol
A gun?
these are the boxes i usually give to people
This game looks good IMO but I was never a fan of these types of games. I still woudn't go out and buy a ps3 for it, MGS4 is a more compelling argument . But at the same time, this generation's consoles are coming to an end since the new ones are approaching
thus begins the trial of torture
no habla engles
<,<
bored now, gonna go play new vegas
Hi Pinkies4thWall
good luck with that
oni_link: You can get them cheaper now, MGS and some 3rd party games if you don't own a 360 are good enough
I just bought a xbox 360 so screw you xbox 8
Hi Pinkies5thWall
Pinkies4thWall
hey Pinkies4thWall
cachi01|phone: xbox 8?
Dad! My acting has somehow gotten worse! Dad!
Not dar.
*far
Not far at all
...Sweet jesus D:
hi pinkies4thwall
Daaaaaad, I'm acting daaaad.
You're killing me CriticKitten
LadyCanary: how far would you go to save your loved one?
Oh wow
cowvarkian thts the name of the 720
Perfect, CriticKitten TT_TT
Why only test him?
cowvarkian well. Its xbox.infinite
yea, the child VAs kinda suck
mitamaking|swings: I have a 360 but I want to invest in a gaming PC and also the Wii U. Not so sure about the next Xbox or Playstation to be honest
I would kill myself to save a pony's life.
I'd do anything to save a friends life.
yay this guy
Other than them, I could care less for humanity.
The killer is white.
How do you know that?
Screw humanity IMO.
cachi01|phone: so, are these still just baseless rumours, or do you actually have a source
SpeedyBolt: me too
Because hes white
oni_link: Depending on what gets announced tomorrow the Wii U may be worth waiting a year for
....wat
back
Why does he have to be white?
"He'll believe anything I saw because I'm white."
say
Because racial diffusion.
mitamaking: Because the science said so
Not really dead. Just slow.
And you can't doubt the science.
And you know this because....?
mitamaking|swings: I don't think it will have strong launch titles but Im thinking long term. Nintendo always has me coming back for thier first party games
/me mitamaking|swings Where is this going to be announced? I am interested
Only in.......... HEAVY RAIN?
So slow it looks dead. So...comatose.
yay, the rain has a purpose now
and it strange that the rain is very long
okie dokie lokie
Yes
WHat the jiggle-whats is Kotuku?
Blake go eat a dick
....what are you, an asshat? Ten square miles is a hell of a lot better than you've done so far.
LOL
THAT GU
That guy was so UGLY
MASF123|afk: a gaming news website
Blake, go eat a Rustymeat.
cowvarkian uhmm ign lol
oni_link a very slow game news site
Thanks for your meaningful contribution, Blake
damn he angry
lul
Buytoast, oh.
Abso-fucking-lutely
Go For Him!
absofuckinlutely
cowvarkian and i think Microsoft confirmed it
Absofuckinglutely.
Blake feels threatened.
cachi01|phone: they havent
Meanwhile: thats ur catchphrase
Dken2021: true, google is my freind when it comes to that :D
"We should DO something!" "Should we DO something?"
boss is enjoying the show
Blake be all mad.
YOUR TRASHING MY SCENE!!!
Rage?
Look ma! Im acting!
I'M FED UP WITH DIS WERLD
4 day
Successful Trolling, good job Norman.
3 days
NAHMAN JAYDEN.
...
LISA You are tearing me apart!
omg
IT STHE MOON
Man, I can see why this episode of 24 was rejected
Time to die
Aren't you supposed to talk to coma patients?
Bronysith: :o
But Lisa was a lion
Your just a Cheep Cheep Cheep!
she never hitchem
CriticKitten what was it about?
The doctors claim they can hear us, even if they don't react.
MASF123|afk: *you're
Damn
KICK!
Screw the warent
That actually made me jump.
call the cops. lol
....
HA
well shit
dayuum
Oh no, religion.
There've been cases where comatose patients responded to stimuli, but it's not a 100% thing.
...well then.
So Blake confirmed for massive moron, then
He is killing children, legal left the area a while ago
oh boy, this guy
Uhmm.. nothing suspicious here.
well, this investigation just got thrown out of court
holy cross
Pause.
This game looks cool but TF2 is calling me D: see you all later
seeya oni_link
oni_link: Bye Oni.
Good job, Blake, you just threw out the entire class
*case
the park? hmmm
Bye oni_link
bye oni_link :(
"Can you hear me, chat? You've got to break out of it. We're all waiting for you, and we'll have fun just like in the good old days...just please, wake up..."
Nice fucking work, Mr Expert Cop
Blake is Satan confirmed
And if this were a soap opera I'd begin bawling my eyes out right about now.
Lol
"You owe me five buuuuucks"
I KNEW IT!
hey, its art
this guy has no tv
a shitty bed
pills over here
More door kicking
Dken2021: he must be evil
fuck doors
pillz here
more medication
This seems more likely to be the killer than our lead
"Do you mind if I go through your wallet? Just a bit? Swear I'll pay you back."
All dem peels
I'm going to laugh if he opens all doors that way.
dirty dishes, *shakes head*
I can imagine him at school
So when does he get home and press charges for the officers who broke into his apartment without a warrant?
CriticKitten: now
Lets see...
Now.
LOL
oh hey
right apparently now
Best timing
uh oh
I was just guessing
BUSTED
Dat timing.nathaniel
NAHMEN
dat gmail
enethin
eenething
...Ugh
Not this topic again,
He is afraid of slenderman
He's Neo?
what kind of accent is that? I would say brooklyn, but might be streaching it
he is... the one
CriticKitten: totes mcgotes
like he totally isn't suspicious
Nathanel is Anakin
The Chosen One...Really?
The voices?
blake, you're not helping
VenHur: yeah. him and the last 1,000 people to claim that
Shut up Satan
He hears voices. They told him to burn things.
lol
He was choosen to be killed
Dat overlap
This is one strange game
i want this game
Freefall29: Tell it to Neo.
What if the world was going to end and nathanial did saved them thx.to his faith?
so much yelling
nathaniel*
Nooooooo.
Blake, Cop of the year
STAWP
Oh my god
damn, so much crazy in this game
Did he just yell while getting choked? How does that even happen?
this is one french game
Good job Blake, you shitty cop
Dken2021: UNACCEPTABLE!
epic standoff
let the dumbass cop die
00,03Ahem..
Shoot the idiot already
Oh what the heck, NAHMAN_JAYDEN :p
LOL
DAFUQ XDDDDD
best part
Jayden, what the heck
Shoot the Satanist already!
lul
Anderson is better priest
nice
man. this game is cool
dont pull trigger
dont do it man
don't pull the trigger >_>
This is tense
Okay sorry, Alan Rickman would say you're hamming this up, Nathanial
Kill him
Just kill him its easier
least he aint stupid
00,03NO! He's gonna do satan stuff!
yay
alright, you didn't kill him
Being a cop isnt about killing people, guys.
OH CRAP
But its fun
lol
....
lol
loooooooooooooooool
SpeedyBolt: its about harrasing people
OH SHEEET
...That is sad.
lookout, he has a cross
HE GONNA EXORCISE HIM
RUUUUN
so he gets assualted by a cop and then arrested for defending himself?
bah
Being a cop is about beating black guys
Does Blake touch the cross
Dken2021: A cross? watch out we got a badass overhere
DaJaguar, no it isn't
What if he had a demon and nathaniel did exorcise blake?
Damn satanist deserved it!
dem eyes
Moar Scawt Shelbee
yay shelby
PI time
Im with his partner
00,03Scott Shelby: Private Ahh
Is this what I think it is
bamtan
HE'S STARING INTO OUR SOULS AGAIN!
It is
This is Heavy Rain
This is such a pepressing game
dat la noire
No
nice house
It's Soft Sprinkle.
*depressing*
00,03This is not Heavy Rain >: (
geez, it's been raining for like 10 days already
He would've got to the scene sooner, but he had to stop at every donut shop on the way here
lol
00,03It's continuous rain~
Dken2021, heavily
...
You stereotypical fat cops
thats a shitty bell
hehe CriticKitten.
There is a baby
Dken u only have 4 days to save shawn....
cachi01: Unless he plays the Song of Time
:D NAHMAN_JAYDEN
I think the scene transitions dont really represent a day passing
00,03>breaking in
Dken oh yeah lol
This guy is brilliant!
00,03Totally not suspicious
This game honestly doesnt seem that interesting judging from this
Does NO ONE in this game know what a warrant is?
he just entered
00,03and wassup, LadyCanary!
This is a P I, don't worry
not broke
....Wah!
This scene is.grose....
Dken2021: Then it would have been raining for 6 months. :P
CriticKitten: he isnt a cop
The baby ;_____;
i bet the kid is the killer!
Waaaa
Hi LadyCanary.
arrest him!
hello horrible baby animation
dat suicide note
PIs don't kick doors in, just the cops.
BabyFace Albert, the most deadly killer known to mankind
Suicide note? Wait, then where is she?
I hope he as a search warrent
What did that say?
better find her
Critickitten wait for it
CriticKitten: her body hopped up and left
Kinixys: you were saying?:P
Oh shit
Oh goodie
Wait
oh no
She's not looking so good.
He didn't kick it in!
LOL
mitamaking|swings she said for someone to look over her child
....Oh my god.
Mrs.Bowles?
No no no no no no no no
way to leave your baby to die
Wake up stupid.
>woman in tub
damn it kid, call the ambulance!
>shake vigorously
Well time to save the baby
Quick! Shake her! Its the only way!
I'm going to be suprised if she's still suprised.
Dont worry she is not dead
wearing clothes in the tub
So she killed herself because her baby's crying got to her?
is she dead?
Depending on the choices you make, this game can either be really depressing, or have quite the happy ending
cachi01|phone: no spoils
No she isnr
Freefall29: it was a suicide attempt
WAIT, SHES ALIVE?
....
00,03The baby was too much for her :'(
She tried to kill herself?
She's not only alive, she's CONSCIOUS?
She cut her wrist?
Send me to the glue factory, then.
Freefall29: would you want someone to find you naked dead?
SpeedyBolt: seems legit
that answer that
Id kill myself too if I had a baby
it takes time for all the blood to escape
Bronysith: why would I care
Bronysith: she be dead. why would she care?
I'd be dead
this and that and this and that
This.. this this this this this this..
and this
This, or that.
we dont care who you are anymore just take your things go out the door we think weve had enough dont make us laugh/HELLO EVERYONE
Well, you can keep concious after cutting wrist
and this and this and this and this
and a little of that
All this..
grabbing pillz
as well as this
And then he stops by the fridge to see if there's anything to eat
And this too.
ded
hey flutterchu
Damn
mitamaking|swings: thats what guns are for
NAHMAN_JAYDEN: did you ever finish that video request stream?
Good Guy Scott Shelby.
00,03Scott Shelpy: MD
Baby stop crying?
He should be a doctor
SuperSteak64: wut
Oh yeah, that really thin layer of bandages will heal her right up.
Thanks doc.
MAH BABY
00,03And no, I haven't streamed since then, twilight_sprinkle!
Mah baby
He be saving random ladies from rapists and clerks from robbers and mothers from suicide!
oh Now she thinks about the baby
He is the man really.
You know, that's pretty deep
Meanwhile: He'll probably get sued for saving her life. At least he probably would in real life. :P
She's injured, yet she still scares for the baby
00,03O_O
Throw it at walls
Meanwhile: sumerpan?
Meanwhile: It's a very busy job
Yes your baby needs you and you just tried to commit suicide, Aren't you a genius
I always say a popular line when i come here and say hello
PIs can do anything
don't leave the scissors next to her ...
Waaah
NAHMAN_JAYDEN: do you still have that video i linked?
is not smart
Scott Shelby is http://i.imgur.com/AwY0g.jpg
i thought you were going to walk to your car and drive away
Dont get me wrong, I like babies
00,03I probably do
But theyre crying is ANNOYING
Take the scissors with you
You made it wore.
"can you stop the aliens?" "ima privite eye, theres nothing i cant do"
WAAAAHHHHHHHH
Meanwhile: I didn't know Bronystate had a hero we deserve
*worse
I have a lot of cousins. Im used to iit.
NAHMAN_JAYDEN: well if you want i can link it again, or not if yo udont want
your baby smells? throw it out, you need a new one
mitamaking|swings: We do. And it's Sumerpan.
L.A. Noire is a good guy
Baby.. changing... game...
please don't pee on me
Meanwhile: Who is the hero we need
Dken2021: LOL
Kinixys: interactive
D'aww :$
LadyCanary: i have 8 little cousins that all ambush me when i visit...
SO FUCKING CUTE
Dusty she'a a girl
00,03I got it, twilight_sprinkle, I'll stream it when I get the chance! :)
mitamaking|swings: Probably someone with stain remover. I don't know.
kill it with fire
Fresh new baby
Heavy Rain; the most realistic diaper changing game on the market
quick, press the right buttons otherwise the baby shits all over your trenchcoat
:3 Baaaaaaaaaaaaaby
HEAVY RAIN! Feel the adrenaline rush of changing a strange child's diaper!
Milk?
Dat background music
Milk time
Dken2021 I know she's a girle
Buytoast xd
NAHMAN_JAYDEN: okay, i just want you to check it out at least, since i think its your kind of video :P
*this is so emmbarrising*
2000 degrees should do
(_(
00,03wait, what was the name of the vdeo again? :P
Yes. Warm up milk that's been sitting out for celestia only knows how long.
NAHMAN_JAYDEN: Hoppipola
First boil the water, then put the baby in for about ten minutes...
really? who uses glass bottles anymore?
"here you go my child, straight from one nip to another."
I've always wanted to play a game where I feed a baby
oh god
Choke on a liquid?
NAHMAN_JAYDEN: sigur ross- hoppipola
you can choke the baby
Freefall29: Pac Man 2
SHAKE THE BABY
You can?
Don't forget to burp em to get all the points...
DaJaguar: liquid goes down the wrong passage way into your lungs
NAHMAN_JAYDEN: Do you still remember the video I requested? :$
shake it, good idea
Buytoast: That's really not necessary.
It's like I'm actually playing Baby Mama!
DRINK THAT YOU MUTHERFUCKER
mitamaking|swings: oh yeah... and that game was actually fun.
every
Oh the irony, Buytoast, THE CRUEL IRONY!
body
liekz
No.
no, i'm just pointing out that i guess that's what would happen
Frefall29 now that you say so...... Kirby is a baby
applez
Oh, okay. I see what you mean now
Brb
00,03We'll see :P
Awwww.
Get the heck out of my house
She so gonna die
Freefall29: If you mean anger means fun
LOL DerpyMuffins
awwwwwww
And I notice no one else in here sees a problem with this scene?
that kindness
a very odd realistic looking baby
Back.
I dont.
dawwwwwww :)
namely that he just left the suicidal mother alone?
passing person in window..
Critickitten eenope
Limp baby.
MY GOD THAT IS MOTHERLICKING ADORABLE
O.O
She probably wont try to attempt
Is this the only likable charater in the game... he must be the killer
CriticKitten: oh, I saw that, I just didnt care
Still alive. Good
This guy is like Twilight
Smart yet motherly
Mah baby
mitamaking|swings: probably
Ethan or Jayden arent likable?
00,03Jayden is MLG~
OH, shes the mother of that dead boy.
2,14 I don't really think Shellby is like Twilight :P
Scott Shelby, there's nothing he can't do.
SpeedyBolt: ethan is an idiot and jayden is a dick
NAHMAN_JAYDEN: Must be Scoots. :P
You can make Jayden be nice, you know.
Blake is also a dick.
00,03...noooooo
Val just picked the agressive choices. :p
I think the PI would of bee a help to Pinkie Pie.
game?
Ethan is an idiot and Jayden is just weird
Which are more interesting.
*been
I like jayden though
its fun to see jayden agressivly
If Sumica were to stream this game... every playable character will be jerks
Man I feel like leaving, stupid spoilers
I mean, really, he can handle the two babys like a pro. Must I say more?
00,10yeah duh
I almost just got hit by a car
did she press the power button
Spoilers, where?
I swear I didnt do it this time.
00,10every one plays the nice guy
Sumica: you would kill everyone as soon as possible
Does anyone know when S3 starts?
Nope.
SpeedyBolt: cachi01|phone pm'ed me some
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
Oh
22nd
00,10only if they got in the way
Sumica: I wanna see you play this game. it be awesome
DarkStratos: when half life 3
Expect Kratos, he's an... NOT so nice guy...
Playing the nice guy in anything sucks
Sumica what about the jerk with a heart of gold?
DarkStratos: yes, but nobody will tell you
00,03You should have seen my playthrough of Fallout New Vegas...
lol when hl3? CRAP
Kratos is nice.
Thanks Tom
00,10sorry, dont have a ps3
what game is this?
If you look past his "Kill Everything" side
He's a fluffy bunny :3
Heavy Rain.
00,10that's more or less what the dickshep is Dken2021
nobody will tell me? :'(
thany you :D
press the red button
00,03You know what? We should make a new rule everytime someone asks when is Season 3 coming out! :D
soon...
NAHMAN_JAYDEN: molestia takes care of them?
/me giggles.
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
NAHMAN_JAYDEN: What rule is it this time? :D
NAHMAN_JAYDEN: we play generation 3 ponies
Sumica I nearly got hit by a car
Creeper in the house!
/me asks when season 4 is coming out
DarkStratos: No one knows. And tom bot answered you.
Sumi Sumi
/me slaps Freefall29
Guys
00,03When someone asks, we should say something cool
Freefall29: stop
When is Season 30 coming out?
NAHMAN_JAYDEN: O.O
00,10hi LadyCanary <3
cowvarkian: After season 3 silly
NAHMAN_JAYDEN: Like what? :D
lol 30
22nd
00,03I'm thinking :(
NAHMAN_JAYDEN like "Radical Dude!" or, "totally tubular!"
http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/051/943/milk-alien-wtf.jpg
or totes mcgotes
milk alien..?
iz dis detecdive gumshoe ace detective
it's amazing how LadyCanary gets such praise whenever she appears
30 seasons that longer thne the simsons
Mica
>Tubular
Dken2021: Reganomics!
...No. >:I
SpeedyBolt: 30... I'm still pumped for season 50. and the movie trilogy plus the extended universe
THE FU IS THAT
Hiiiii Sumica
Bronysith: :S
00,10Yes JRPhone
CrimsonPhoenix: It's the "Lady" bit. Attracts the average chatgoer like a moth to a lightbulb.
Bronysith. Wut. The. Fuck
mitamaking|swings Mathematical!
Freefall29: I know right? It's gonna be so awesome!
Bronysith: da fuq was that
thus begins the first trial of torture
Are you deaf too, mister?
that wasnt a creepy photo
BRB shower
Rustymeat: Would the writers gived up on ideas by that point?
Meanwhile, then how about i change my name to LadyPhoenix?
So what's this game about?
or LadyCrimson
so bronystate does this, streams of games?
yeah probably
JusticeKoro: something
first time on bronystate <--
CrimsonPhoenix: Try it, I bet you get more attention.
or LadyCrimsonPhoenix
DarkStratos: yes
DarkStratos: depends on who is streaming
DarkStratos..or arts...or movies...depends on when ya come on
hmm, neat
or music
nah everypony knows me already
or podcasts
DarkStratos: They stream a variety of things here
DarkStratos sometimes this or whatever someone wants to stream'
Pearly has returned
as the silent bomb
or whatever the fuck is on
ah
GENTLECOLTS, WE GOT A NEWBIE IN THE HOUSE!
VenHur: and?
ha
DarkStratos not much to do when there's no season on
Who?
Good for the newbie
/me pulls out party cannon
Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, I say hello to you
DarkStratos: Have you read the rules yet?
welcome welcome welcome I say how do you do
DarkStratos: Except for movie nights and when new episodes of the show airs, it is random
who's new?
^
mmm no guess I should do that, anyone mind linking me them?
I don't speak much but when I do it's always......fiery
DarkStratos: hear that youre gonna get used to it
Blahblahnextverse
Welcome welcome welcome to Bronystate todaaaaaaaaaay~
DarkStratos: just don't piss off (or on) the mods and you'll be fine
DarkStratos: bing
Oh hey... Its a red car......
DarkStratos: Hello, I'm that one guy that likes to wear in a taco suit and makes fun of the Bat Credit Card for like...10,000 times!
DarkStratos you'll find them on the top of the page
/me pees on a mod
ah ok
DarkStratos: http://www.bronystate.net/rules/
DarkStratos: They're up on the site nav bar.
Stop spamming him guys
http://www.bronystate.net/rules/
DarkStratos: bing (agian)
DarkStratos: There's the Rules tab on the top of the page above the stream
Freaking red car
and ya I have been on the internet to know DO NOT annoy mods and wow lot of responses
00,03Oh new person? 
Really stop spaming him
Best VA now
Dark_Horst: well, yeah that is how the internet works
Or you can read on of those two links those two guys posted while I typed that
00,03Welcome to Bronystate! Remember to read the rules and don't ask for ponies!
* DarkStratos
>Dont ask for ponies
So he customized this GPS system to guide the parent?
Ironically more emotion in that satnav than any of the other characters so far...
mitamaking i think the best english VA was the religious one
Dark_Horst: don't ask for ponies.... unless you love generation 3
Because if he do...NO TACOS FOR HIM. EVER.
DarkStratos: Trust him, DON'T ask for ponies. :D
Hello DarkStratos I am CrimsonPhoenix, some guy that fuels debates
heh
2,14 and here, is where the game gets interesting
indeed
CrimsonPhoenix: oh, so that's you
lol no spam...says the DERPY on last roundup
lolwhat
I loved this part :)
WHAT
ValtheJean: Does it finally become a game?
ah, its almost winter, the snow is on its way and I'm so excited
Hey DarkStratos, Im one of the Derpys here
dumb updates
DarkStratos: in like 3 moths youll go up to telling someone welcome to bronystate (:
I got it right at the 1st time
THEn prove it
Another dream sequence
heh
Just die
hi DarkStratos i'm the guy that doesn't talk that much in chat
DarkStratos, you saw that reaction video heh
DO IT
lol ya
Bop and weave baby
bop and weave
So basically this killer overrode the GPS to make it say specific phrases?
GOOOOOOOO
CriticKitten: sure
Just man up and be a Chuck Norris!
Yes
hey DarkStratos, I'm the guy that's crazy aout final fantasy
What do you mean are you willing?
YES YOU WILL
dat VA
so good
i dont think DarkStratos doesnt know how to reply by using dis bing
YES GOOOO DO IT
VenHur: woah. thats a bit too much to expect from someone
how you all doin te responses
This voice couldn't be more monotone if it tried
You're a fucking shit dad if you have to ask yourself that question.
11,02I'm a steak \:D/
Aaaaaaaw yeah!
I would do it, but no gaurentee he will get his son back
HERE WE GO!!
/me glomps SuperSteak64
COME ON!
Super you can't be a steak you're not manly enough.
Can I eat you SuperSteak64? :P
Come at me Bro
/me hugs Bronysith back :3
:D FSTEAK
BRINg It ON
DarkStratos: tab
11,02AJIsAwesome: No ;^;
Hi DarkStratos. I am uhmmm me :)
SuperSteak64 i want some steak!!
11,02Dat LadyCanary O.O
uh oh
Aw man. :(
ohai SuperSteak64
tab??
wuh oh
LadyCanary, Very good
11,02hai :)
Dat SB64 :3
SAVED by the bus
/me throws steak sauce at SuperSteak64
Sup my bronies how we doing?
close call
this seems reakky terrible
HONK THE DAMN HORN
MOVE BITCH
DarkStratos: type the first few letters of the name and hit tab it auto complets
OH COME ON!
GET OUT THE WAY
Ohhh snap
Yep DarkStratos until the main season starts one of the main attractions here is the Brony Movie Night on Fridays at 7 PM EST and again on Saturday at 2 PM EST. Two movies and two pony episodes. But yeah outside of that what is shown the rest of the week is random
MrMalk: /)
I have no insurance!
This is TENSE
/me noms on the steak sauce
(/ Freefall29
JESmith71: ah ok and yay got it to work
11,02LadyCanary: Moo :3
BA driver
this is scary
COPS
Moo!! ^_^
and then ded
INCOMIN!
Man if the rain wasn't so heavy
IT'S THE PO PO
SuperSteak64 baaa
IM ACTING IM ACTING ARARARA
Cypresswolf Y U No Pay for insurance?
need 4 speed eat ur heart out
Pull over NOW
Oh fawk
ah fawkes
And suddently it became NFS III!
guy fawkes
00,03Also, we have interviews with people! Check them out before the movies this friday~
Pull Over Jackass!
cops wouldnt do that in real life
all this to save his son..
Ah fawk x2
SuperSteak64 is not afk anymore
ded
OHH SNAAp we got fire!
Meanwhile: human beings?
ded
00,03The kind of people every people should know~
bad end
That GTA fire. :D
MrMalk: ......darn...cant think of something witty :P
You have arrived to your destination
when do the interviews get on youtube?
REAL SCARY :'(
uh?
seriously
It was there all along
it was in the glove compartent
intelligent ai!
Cypresswolf Y U NO WITTY
Clever AI
also, controls are reversed, since he's upside down
Wait a minute. So it ISN'T a dream?
MrMalk: too tired to think
DarkStratos: no, just controlled by some guy on a computer
Kandarihu nope
Good job Val!
A card!? That's my destiny!?
cowvarkian: ah, guess I wouldnt know, never played
00,03I'm gonna take part in it, so you BETTER be there, Meanwhile :|
Cypresswolf I got a youtube series you might be intested in watching later
DarkStratos: neither have I, but it would make more sense
Oh god, better hurry up before you get first degrees burns!
Who's getting interviewed?
/me teleports the Enderpony away and mends my leg
RUN RUUUUNNNN
Alej I figured you'd be in it, who're you interviewing?
cowvarkian: true
Or worse...THIRD!
I almost got hit by a car
Well, Firefox ground to a halt there. :/
then the cops arrive and shoot him to death
aw I thought th car was gonna explode
MrMalk: Yay :) - That reminds me ^_^ Guess what I found
iz caramel playing dis
JRPhone: this is like the 4th time you said that dude
So 7 more challenges?
yeahgood point, where are the cops
white noise?
he's still almost dying
the only challenge i lost was the butterfly
00,03We're going to be interviewing alioopster27, an up and coming VA/Singer! ^_^
Feel like Im watching Taken
Cypresswolf a top hat
there it is
hi
I almost got hit by a pinkie pie
and Explosion
Never heard of them.
MrMalk: Nope :) More Better
DAMN YOU MICHAEL BAY!
ok
00,03>up and coming
Cars dont explode just from being upside down
:'(
the first trial is complete
they did shoot at it
Cypresswolf Jack Daniels?
not like gta
How many challenges?
it only get's tougher from there
hi everypony!
DerpyMuffins: of course they do! havent you played gta?
mitamaking|swings I think 5
Dream time
Oh yeah, back to the chick again.
hi glenn :)
hey glennglog22
MrMalk: While thats always great to find, thats not it either :P
hey glennglog22
well i'm gonna be leavig everypony. G'night
hi glennglog22.
DerpyMuffins: It
ello glennglog22
hi glennglog22
seeya Freefall29
mitamaking 6
Freefall29: cya
iz caramel playing this or iz it just a youtube video?
Playing.
:)
live playing
glennglog22: Hi :0
dat bike
GUYS I DID IT!
:)
flutterchu he is playing
DerpyMuffins: Did what?
Dat ass
I got 1000 views on my first fanfic
we better not disrupt him by a ping
Did what DerpyMuffins?
DerpyMuffins excellent
i wont be on long because its only half an hour untill bedtime
Congrats Derpy :)
...
dat creeper
....Mr Rogers?
hello creep
Still got some horrible grmmar though
It's origami not origame
<.<
Hey there, neighbor. :D
Worst VA right here :/
dat realistic cgi graphics
do you have my stapler?
/me shudders.
as he stares at you
creepy bastard
This guy is...creepingly supicious...
his voice...
And I mean...REEEEAALY creepy...
nasal voice..
mitamaking its pronounced origame
g
he's creepy, he's obviously the origami killer!
Nice guy P I might have to save her
Single, eh? :)
Dat ass
ugh
Reminds me of Norman Bates
Only not nearly as likable
creeper in human skin
Yes we know
hmmm... at first i thought maybe GTA... what game is this?
We're not stupid, we can remember simple instructions, game
looks like the hotel in l4d2...
JusticeKoro: he was so darn likable
They always have a spare key
hey Big_Macintosh_1992
Oh hey Ethan.
hey Dken2021
ohai ethan
hi Big_Macintosh_1992 :)
hi Big_Macintosh_1992
Hi big macintosh :)
Romance out of nowhere, this is a movie
Hey Big Mac
Heavy rain Big_Macintosh_1992.
hello AJIsAwesome and thelonepony
Back
thanks Kinixys
wb Ponies47
Meanwhile: yes?
Shamroc: Your name is Ethan?
maybe
welp, looks like I'm going to bed early, have to wake up at 5 for work, seeya
haha
And now sexytime
Shamroc: You're a horrible father.
Thanks thelonepony
Dken2021: Night :)
stop starting
who sleeps with only 2 pillows that thin..
You stop startin'
Meanwhile stop starting ye slag
Here we go again
Meanwhile: start stopping
Start stoppin' Shamroc
as she walks away
Meanwhile: i'll start stopin when you start stoping
what?
grabbing pills
stop starting*
Hi gaiz im back
Free pills at the motel?
Well I'll start stoppin when you stop startin.
SpeedyBolt: lies
Stapp Stortin Meanwhile.
truths
Ibunol
This is all a dream, Ethan went nuts when he killed his sons playing with swords
whatever you say george
lol? didnt even read it?
HEAVY RAIN! Marvel in amateur everyday people trying to treat major wounds!
So
What did I miss so far?
nothing
so, chomp on the entire bottle
HE IS
Im gonna disinfect your wounds, with this bottle of R-Sinic?
THE PAINKILLER!
Didn't even finish asking before he took it.
glomp glomp glomp
"What is it?" *pops it into his mouth before she answers*
What is *Nom* it?
.....
What.
A painkiller? REDUCING PAIN? HA
Rohypnol.
"I can't afford to wait."
awww yeah
Oh I C
falls over dead from overdose
Drugs do not work FASTER if you take MORE of them.
i dont have time to bleed
You are made of stupid!
Shes going to spy on him
She wants that sweet body of his
that guy has a fast metabolism if the drugs take effect that fast
its because that was the painkiller!
quiet chat now
Why wait, he is an architechy
lookin like a fool with a pantz on the grund
<,< SpeedyBolt
:p
quick shower that'
dat heavy rain?
yeah
:3
It was a quick shower, but the changing afterwards was insane
What's up, Rain?
Rain are you heavy?
I thought this game was about that suicidal woman
not much
I see Heavy is doing his round
Rain: May want to change your user name
Rain!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Allo Rain. You're gonna get pinged.
moneys!
mitamaking|Crossroad, I get far too many pings as it is that have nothing to do with me. Im used to it
Suffer now, power plant, shocking
00,03You can tell she's gushing for some Ethan beef cake~
/me hugs LadyCanary :)
NAHMAN_JAYDEN: :D
lol
Oh totally, NAHMAN_JAYDEN.
totally NAHMAN_JAYDEN
And back to jayden
i hate hotelz there all the same
Jayyyydeeeennnn
NAHMAN_JAYDEN
That scar seems important
yay, jayden
/me hugs Rain Bback
Sahry?
I don't murder
"Why didn't you murder that man in cold blood?"
lawl
Lol
lol
troll jaden
00,03BURN!!
u mad :P
NORMAN
Trolled.
Noooooooooorma
n
dat smile
That smile completes it.
NOOOOOORMAN
HA
Ah, so that's where that's from
i heard that before
kittyo706
lol
kitty0706*
Ah!
track star
epic slide
Hai
WHOA
Plant to the face
Norman's got moves.
Can you catch this random guy? :o
What do you think he's doing?
this is the pixxel show
All dem pixels
....
Why run
chickens!??!
DEM SCOOTS
aw snap, not the liquid nitrogen boxes!
res must be 120p
All dem scootaloos
Scoot!
oh man.... those reaction commands... I'd be dead 30 times already
Watch, next he'll throw a kitchen sink
My bretheren
Not a gun, come on, don't kill
the meats
why is it ALWAYS a butcher shop with hanging pigs..
Pwned.
Our od noqhwew
oh hi there
BONK
Nice shot.
damn
DarkStratos: dead rising?
DarkStratos, freshest pork in town.
press X to not die
haha
....
Owned
Okay, some of those blocks....? No.
XD
BOINK
Hey Val, you're pretty good at this game
get on the hydra's back!
ya now you arrive..
Book 'em, Danno!
Origahmeh
>:I
dat face
those eyes..
P I time
Sketch_Toku_Brony: I know that game!!!
Who will he save this time
HE'S STARING AT OUR SOULS AGAIN! ...Err...AGAIN!
He's taking his afternoon nap after having second breakfast
mitamaking|Crossroad: THE WORLD!
CriticKitten: HAHA thats good...
Forget Breakfast
Brunch is where its at.
CriticKitten: ishe a a hobbit now?
Yes.
cool
well brb for 15 all
What we watching?
Heavy Rain
MrMalk: heavy rain
He was a cop that did things against the ook
SpeedyBolt: It's not quite breakfast, it's not quite lunch, but you get a slice of cantolope at the end.
*book
Thanks Dovah
Truer words have never been spoken.
press R1 to inhale
Press R1 to die.
>.>
ok then
Don't drink, all your characters have alcohol
PressX to not die
press triangle to die
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/PressXToNotDie
tsk tsk JusticeKoro that is not allowed
I thought only video links were nto allowed
JusticeKoro: as did I
JusticeKoro: i think you're fine
press Power to beat the game
mitamaking|Crossroad: He's all good, bro.
2,14 it's only image links that are allowed
orly
ValtheJean: since when?
this i was unware of
2,14 since always
More drinking...
FRIDGE
So since it's a page it's not good? Fair enough.
I love how this guy's fridge has the word "FRIDGE" pasted on it in giant letters so he doesn't forget what it's for
/me is checking rules
Thought someone was behind him
Dovah: Non image links are only allowed when there isn't a stream on.
ValtheJean: people seem to not give any fucks over it
If they don't they get a boot to the head cowvarkian.
yup its non-image, thought it was just video
Meanwhile: >.> I've never seen it happen over anything that wasnt a video
don't cross the streams
Well, i'm done for the night... Quick question before I go: Anyone here going to Anime Detour in April?
Uh, music, if you wanna be dramatic that's fine but would you mind toning it down a bit so we can hear the dialogue?
cowvarkian: Well usually only pics or videos are linked, not much reason to link sites.
Like the one on his desk!?
Meanwhile: well, whenever it happens, I havent ever seen much repurcussion for it
That menu is wet
I like that Pause Screen
cowvarkian: Usually because it only takes a warning to knock people into line.
LOL
Slow him down more than his asthma
"You'll just slow me down" says the asthmatic fat PI
Meanwhile: I've never gotten a warning for it >.>
cowvarkian: You've probably never done it.
I have >..
*>.>
oh the irony
cowvarkian: Big of you to admit it, don't do it again.
alright... night guys
I probably will, but whatever
Big_Macintosh_1992: night :)
2,14 just because a mod misses something doesn't justify you doing it
I didnt say it did ValtheJean
Sooo...what happens?
Caramel sees all.
Blackness
2,14 look what you did, you crashed the game
im seeing some robots
or not nvm~
lawl
:( Oh noes.
you're welcome ValtheJean
So no posting links
Oh brother...the game crashed...
Dat Startup
mitamaking|Crossroad: I think thats the point attempting to get across here
That means we have to start it ALL over again!
2,14 it auto saves
Press X to be a fat man with asthma.
/me presses x
>.>
night guys~
_O O_
Night Derpy_Hooves.
Ni ni Derpy_Hooves
indeed it is Derpy_Hooves
/me hugs Derpy_Hooves "Night man!" :)
There we go! Problem solved.
Night Derpy_Hooves
this is my favorite part
Shiny crap
....
God, that VA
shiny crap
Shiny crap...REALLY?
It's like fingernails on a chalkboard
CriticKitten: Rebbeca Black of VAs.
CriticKitten: Tell me about it.
Klumzeedragon: I actually don't mind that song....
I saw that Shulk was going to need to go to work in 2 hours so I went over to him to make sure he was ready and I found him sleeping in the air...
Thats the only way to drink whiskey
He doesnt care for guests
cowvarkian: Then you are a trooper. I can only tolerate cause of Friendship is Witchcraft.
Why does everyone talk to themselves?
lawl
You don't talk to yourself?
CriticKitten: because of why not
Dat drunk fight.
that punch lol
I KEEL U YOU MUDDERFACKER. YOU JUST A CHIKEN, CHEEP CHEEP CHEEP.
HeyheyHEYHEYHooyhooymonkey
/me coughs.
This guy is the best actor so far.
CriticKitten: I could buy that
And that's my Wiseau quota for today.
It is nauht.
wtf is that
CriticKitten: not just random drunk fuck?
And he doesnt even care you're there.
It's...Chicken Run?
That guy is baked.
Dat laugh.
Meanwhile: norly
WTf
dat face.
00,03:O
LadyCanary: here we go
DUN DUN DUUN!
Ahahahaha yeah right dude.
He's Borg?
sure
That does sound like fun
Drowning people
LOL
GET RID OF DIS CLAWN
good ol sociopathic fun
Dat headbutt
YEAH
PUNCH EM
I like how the PI thinks he's a badass because he beat like one guy before
wellp
and i come back to seeing the PI kicking ass,\...
He's doing pretty well now...
For a fat asthmatic.
Meanwhile: or a skinny asthmatic
and a guy laughing in backround, take it thats the player?
I thought you didnt like when the fat man could do so much Val. :D
Meanwhile: You'd be suprised on the qualities of people
hm
GNIGHT you crazy bastards
2,14 love this partr
2,14 only the lizard trial is better
Bye Bronysith.
Good night, Bronysity
night Bronysith
oh right val is unreadable on default xchat..
Hope you have fun, Val
Welcome back DarkStratos
JESmith71: heh thank you
wb DarkStratos :)
Val were you going to finish the game in one sitting or continue at a later date?
2,14 depends on a) how far I get, and b) whether someone else queues up behind me
Is it ever not raining in this game?
Fair enough.
It wasnt in the Prologue.
how many trials has val done so far?
Isnt this the 2nd?
ValtheJean: How close are you to being done? It seems like you're pretty damn far in. :D
JusticeKoro: Well the game's title * is* Heavy Rain,
No.
ok so is the person streaming chat always highlighted like that or is it because he is a mod or something
It's Light Sprinkle, guys.
2,14 I'm a mod
Electric plant doesnt even use electric fense?
So I looked this game up. Apparently it's one of those asshole games that makes you do horrible things. I like it.
DarkStratos: Yep all mods have colored text
2,14 notice the @ in front of my name
oh hey. Its the task i never completed
I always thought it ment Admin
Fucking butterfly
ah so that signifies a mod?
SpeedyBolt: light me?
yep
Doesn't mean it has to be raining the entire time. MLP has more than just ponies, after all
ok then good to know
DarkStratos: All mods have a different colour text. :) And only mods can stream.
rain rain was here? :<
isn't Phase4 a mod too?
PRESS X TO TURN THE WHEEL
00,02nerf_soldier, nope
Gum?
aah ok
00,02i'ma tech
You cant compare a show about anime donkeys to a moviegame.
00,02the + meens i have voice
00,02can talk when the channel is muted
it means he's special
He is just stupid now
00,02^
lol
"special"
Shizu: Mm, missed her a while ago.
So is that...what...a crematorium oven?
Night.
oh boy, now it's getting all Saw 2 up in here
what the heck is he in?
Phase4: oh well okay then
Oh look a shizu! Only...not quite!
Furnice
Oh great
hello from linux mint on mah laptop
...although sometime the mods sometimes don't put their colors on sometimes
Lovely.
>Psychopath leads you to furnace >Climb inside furnace
thats very slow
OR JUST FUCKING REMOVE THEN SLOWLY
So the Origami Killer is just Jigsaw?
SO GENIUS
That's not much of a relevation
Wouldnt work.
dont brush the glass aside or anything
thats enough freaking glass in there
Ethan is too fat.
jesus
CriticKitten kinda
Also: he's wearing a leather freaking jacket. Doesn't that impart SOME preotection?
Apparently Origami raided a bottlebank.
tghats alota glass
No.
Isnt that a leather jacket? :S Should be thick enough to pretect from glass.
00,03dat glass~
As he described, the glass is as sharp as a razor
...Ow.
SpeedyBolt he could just move the glass to the right and then crawl without the paim
Pain
He is fat.
13canary canary <3
There is no way.
When did this turn into Saw?
I keep expecting a fireball to start behind him..
Shizu Shizu
^_^
The postit.
Glass can only get so sharp in those big of chunks. :D
and this is gonna end with him having no more matchs and having to random guess..
He stocked up on WAY TOO MANY Strawberry Chewies.
Yea light a match in a furnice
13<3
Isn't the glass lying flat?
When a mommy broken glass and a daddy broken glass love each other VERY much.
Fucking giant furnace
It'd be lying flat if it was window pane glass
looks like it
LIGHT
COME ON ALMOST THERE!
I'd have to assume to get that much it'd need to be bottles or something, which have a natural curve.
doesnt this guy have broken ribs also..
and a head injury
LOL TROLOLOLOLOLOL
True enough. But it looks like pane glass.
You'll be fine.
Ewwwww
Walk it off.
lol MORE holes!
Glass breeds like rabbits
ooo, a slide!
What, are there scorpions in this one?
now whats in here?
Yay a slide!!
Roll over on your glass shard ridden knees, sure...
ROLLERCOASTER
Whee~
WEEE
In this next one the glass is on fire.
scorpions? thast would suck..
oh, thought he was going into barbwire
wait...
This is the part when i fucked up
Meanwhile...are you serious?
Thank goodness there were no 90 degree angles
Woah
:D A tunnel of thumb tacs!
The Killer can NOT be serious about this
Reikim: No. It's electricity, that'd be too silly.
00,03cachi01|phone: NOW YOU FUCKED UP!
Is this a game based on Saw?
TESLA COILS! fun for all!
DerpyMuffins: Not at all.
No, this is Heavy Rain...
Seems like it
Quick, walk into it.
NAHMAN_JAYDEN ONICHAN
NAHMAN_JAYDEN: Onii-chan
Incidentally, how in the hell did the Origami Killer manage to set this all up?
So much QTE
cachi01|phone: Ninja'd again. :|
lulz
SuperBrony64:
Reikim: no kiddin
Well, we're boned
He's all like "Welp, i'm screwed."
couldnt he like climb the generators,
After 4 strikes ethan gives up
he wouldnt be grounded
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lb2y1mEVT71qbrk9eo1_r2_500.jpg dis always makes me cry :'(
No.
He couldnt.
Reikim: He has a lot of spare time.
...Oh god how horrifying
You may not notice it, but there are rows.
Take you jacket off... And I don't know. Pull some wires..
If he screwed up ONE jump...yeah.
flutterchu so thats why the series is now all shitty
:(
DarkStratos: even without being grounded, he he still has a lower potential than the coil or w.e., so hed get shocked
cachi01|phone: Opinions. :P
twilight_sprinkle: true, true.
00,03lik dis if u cry evertim
Besides
That is some intense electricity]
I think a lot of peoples got screwed up on this part...
lauren faust and takshi shudo are best creators
Imma crey 5ever, NAHMAN_JAYDEN
Caramel just to warn you. If u fail 4 times ethan will give up and.will.lose this challenge
why didn't the origami killer make it into a MAZE TOO!
/me I'll lik dat NAHMAN_JAYDEN,
Colors?
Dabuq
00,03I wanna be ur HUSBAND! Ohhh...
Imagine your closest friend got kidnapped
and you had to go through this to save him/her
..................
Would you do it?
no
lol
This Fish has best electric brain http://i.crackedcdn.com/phpimages/article/0/4/2/3042.jpg?v=1
haha
I would hire this guy to do it
Why can't this game be chocolate rain?
I honestly would.
btw sorry i havent been talking much, im still doing homework -_-
Woah
I actually would, IMO.
He...actually dod it.
Rustymeat: Eat it?
*did
so wait what is the plot of this game?
Wow nice one Caramel
so ninja
SO PARKOUR!
A kid dies, and then his other kid gets kidnapped.
DarkStratos they kidnap your son
He made it!
ah ok
Basically, this guy here has to do shit to save his son
Oh BTW DarkStratos there is one rule you should know. Remember how it said in the rules no talking about spoilers? Well that rule is enforced for anything regarding Season 3. Like if a plot devlopment or song gets revealed we can't talk about or speculate about it here until the episode airs. This is done to respect the people in chat who don't want to know a thing about Season 3
mmk
Dat succes.song
But I think it's safe to say that season 3 will be the third season though
Madison!
That shouldn't spoil things too much.
CUE FNAL FANTASY VICTORY MUSIC
lol..
Season 3 is third season.
There is a season 3?
Back to the hot chick again.
U JUST GOT OWNED FTW
Im still on season 2
*FINAL*
I'm back and I'm still awake.
So...I'm back. Who's this girl?
Hey everyone
Did Val die?
What are we watching?
Hope season 3 is best season.
Madison, Reikim
Hi Wirisme!
Reikim nope
so ya you like switch perspectives between 3 people?
Oh your god
wb Wirisme
Well, you look like shit.
All seasons ARE best seasons, hoofs down.
DarkStratos: Four, according to the Tropes page.
PRESS X TO LIFT THE BODY
lol..
Triangle
Hold Up to lift Ethan
Press X to steal his wallet.
So wait why did he have to drive in the rain?
dis iz no time to laugh for me takshi's death aniversary iz on the 29th :'(
The sad thing is...
Tap O repeatedly to make babbies?
suddenly 1st person
LOL
I know a guy at my school who looks like the Ethan here.
PACE WANTONLY, IT'LL HELP
flutterchu it'd be easier to take you seriously if you didn't talk like a wally.
and his name IS actually Ethan.
Sounds like he died in a pianful way :(
...A wally?
VenHur: Well some episodes are awesome and some are epic, so I'm just hoping for more epic episodes.
like sonic rainboom..
or lesson zero
cachi01|phone: Who?
those are my 2 favs
Oh that is a lie.
Hoping for more adventure episodes. :$
takeshi shudo Reikim
Girl, you know you want to see him shirtless.
Who's that?
Writer of pokemon
Ah
Reikim: Wally. Dingbat. Melon. Gimboid. Halftop. No-noggin. Emptyhead.
Back when it was good
Where is Reikim
I'm here
Not done yet, sorry DM.
She's disinfecting again...
back to the medicine cabinet for more FREE drugs!
Take ALL the pills
Wipe it out!
One for you; two for me.
lol...
lol
Well I sent you a draft of my 4th capter Reikim
deja vu!
Uh
why do i find these chats hilarious
She missed a spot
All near his upper arm
DerpyMuffins: Thanks, I'll take a look at it when I'm done with the others.
Dat dejavu
That's clearly not a wound you can just ignore.
Take him to a hospital.
DarkStratos cause it is lol :)
This whore is not a doctor at all.
cachi01|phone: lol yep i guess so
HA
fail
Yeah, Madison.
GENIUUUUS
wow lol
Nice going lady.
But think of the QUESTIONS, CK! Also that would involve logic.
Yeah, that IS kind of stupid
Wouldn't there be glass in those wounds?
she should have read labels like the first time she raided his cabinet..
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ma9p8i1WsB1rywedzo1_400.jpg
Whoopsy :P
Reikim: naw, watcha talkin bout willis?
She doesnt sound too worried.
"Oh...he's unconscious"
ha
"oh well."
"time to go make some dinner"
Jeez, the Persona 3 protaganist has more emotion than her.
"Hmm, I wonder what's for dinner."
I seem to remember you should first wash it out with water, THEN do the disinfectant, then bandage it, then call freaking 9-11 if you haven't already because that's not going to heal nicely without, yknow, proper medical treatment.
Also: ignore the knees, that'll help so much.
http://derpy.me/idrewthisonetime :'(
What do you think?
No chance of infection there, none at all!
Night all~ have a good day/night~
she doesnt have enough forwardness to strip his pants
fluterchu :'(
<_<
LadyCanary: Night! :)
He just crawled through glass and electricity
Seriously, she completely ignored the knees.
He's TOTALLY fine
Reikim: Don't be silly! That's what disinfectant is for.
g'night LadyCanary.
flutterchu poor cubone :(
night LadyCanary :)
Meanwhile: She didn't even so much as LOOK at the knees.
night LadyCanary
Night Ladycanary
And she only did one arm
Next up, Ethan has to stick his arm through a scalding steam jet...
...really?
lol wtfs going on :P
Night LadyCanary
No. But that'd be funny wouldn't it.
She sounds surprisingly well rested
Would be disturbing
Heavy Rain: Ethan Injures His Arm
so im going to trust you
Translation: Shut up.
I DONT ACCEPT YOUR ADVANCES
NO ONE CAN HELP ME
Translation gtfo
I AM BEYOND YOUR HELP, FEMALE
so hilarious..
NOW SLOWLY BECOME CLOSER TO ME SO YOU CAN HEAL ME PSYCHOLOGICALLY
I wanna play a game
you get to CHOP YOUR HANDS OFF
Are you a bad enough dude to save your son?
Translation: I'm Batman. I works alone. Now get out, woman.
I dunno, she might've thought to take the jacket off ball it up over her hands and use that to get through the glass.
Meanwhile, at the Eff Bee aih
DarkStratos close.. .
cachi01|phone: oh boy..
He's sleeping on the air
Meanwhile: But that requires common sense.
I didn't evern move him out of the bed wtf XD
Reikim: True, and Ethan let both of his kids wander off and get killed, so we've decided already that he has the mental ability of wet cement.
Wait
Okay, I'm back.
Meanwhile: haha..
When did this shit happen?
haha
Well, technically one of them isn't dead, just captured by a murderer.
he had a PARASITE IN HIS EYE
is she trying to pin the crimes on him now?
Oh my god
She's lying isnt she?
Her facial model is all off.
it was ETHAN THE ENTIRE TIME
It is just horribly off.
STUPID BITCH YOU JUST MADE THIS HARDER FOR ETHAN
he has been trying to KILL HIMSELF
Nahrman.
...Jesus
david: aw seriously
Grace turned into a total bitch.
She's perfect for Blake.
00,03Nroman <3
Yes
NAHMAN pls
dont get him started, he'll start kicking down doors again
00,03Nramon pls
they are the police u dipshit
Blake is a bad cop. >_>
oh boy TORTURE!
good cop, bad cop routine.
Damn
beat him up, Po Po Style
He is an angry man.
Annnd Im back :P
Man, Blake gets to assault everyone and still be a cop.
Wonderful
wb oni_link
Sudden change
oh yes a childs life is at stake as i beat the crap out of him
haha
Hi oni_link.
so he is unconscious and cant talk shit..
hi Kinixys
thanks thelonepony
Good cop, bad cop
so what are we watching?
You csn totally see the love in their eyes.
Heavy rain
they're so cute together.
oni_link: Heavy Rain
oh just tell him
Oh still, COOL :)
oni_link, Heavy Rain
yeesh
Mann vs pony?
aaaand a origami?
an*
Awwww, and here for a moment I thought there was activity...
or so they think
origammmi :D
random stare
Gotta watch for the EQD posts.
lol
Save getting your hopes up.
Better pronunciation that origaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhmi
HE'S STARIN-Aww fuck it! [dances]
i highly doubt your statement mr. blake
:P
Funny thing is, I'd like to take a look at that, but my mom's watching this
Hello Kandarihu's mom :P
^
^^
00,03flutterchu: It's a bit.
00,03bot*
flutterchu: He has a bot programmed to post the newest updates.
Bit bot
i liek bit bots.and.i cannot lie
beep boop son
a bot programmed in 1 bit??? hole hell
watch him hit it backwards, into the guard, and knock him out the window
cachi01|phone: hehehe
later everypony
00,03He's a bot, just... don't get him angry
WildRepublicGuard: Bye :)
later Wild :)
WildRepublicGuard: cya
cya WildRepublicGuard
Bye WildRepublicGuard.
bye WildRepublicGuard
Bye WildRepublicGuard.
Quick someone post the dari time pic!!!!
i always asume it's a eqd post
bye WRG
Cya WildRepublicGuard
an*
Briiiiiibery
translation: i give you money you stop bothering my family
lol
cachi01|phone: i predict he doesnt want to be in center of attention
RAGE
or not
2,14 everyone
2,14 I want you all to watch this
Caramel.
oh hai Caramel
2,14 this is, by far, one of the most memorable moments in video games
Okay.
Watching closely.
Oh, this chapter?
I just got back, so watching. :)
okay
watching
this is a game? :o
Guys, you'll love this.
Wirisme: eeyup
Oh this part...........
Oh, yes. THIS part of all things.
Mmhmm
this part is well known i take it?
This is the part that made this game super famous right?
Yup.
Klumzeedragon: Yep.
Eeyup
oh boy..
thank you
ohoho
wow that lighting :o
As Caramel stated, a memorable one
sounds like its gonna be bad
Watch this and we wont' have to buy it?
boo?
You're welcome.
Kinixys the game is good, buy it
dem particles and the lighting
:3
_/)_(\
Picks up one specific lizard which happened to have the key in it. :P
Annnd its fucking pain time
This should be interesting...
looks like a fire got hold of it
Stupid nosebleed .:|
No.
-_(\
OH GOD
DarkStratos remember what you said about cutting his hand? Well you were.close....
wtf :o
Sucks to be Ethan right now.
...Yup.
Would you do this?
que saw music
damn
ya I guess i was cachi01|phone ....
ethan...i would hate to be in your shoes
Reikim: For my closest friend...yes.
oh wow this is gonna suck
D:
C-Cut off his finger?! HELL NAW!
For shauns sake...
This is STILL playing?
Anyone else notice he says the same shit every single time?
Hello bronystate!
Yup.
You ever tried to cause intentional damage to yourself with a quick hit?
Hello, HoodyNinja
HoodyNinja: Hi :)
Perfect, a knife.
ohhhh shiiiiiiiiii
Your body pulls the punch at the last second.
"I can't do it! I have to do it, for Shaun! But I can't do it! But I have to~"
dat contradiction :D
hahaha
your not dying
yeah this is just saw now
You're*
If this was IRL i would be fucking scared
was that an electronic saw?
just causing yourself intense pain
The hell happened?
Ah
Basically
I see
Saw through your finger. Good idea jethro.
Ethan has 5 minutes to cut off a section of his finger, HoodyNinja
holy hell this is heavy, doc
Those tools of dismemberment. :D
wait..why does he need a saw AND a cleaver..
He'll have to go knife, bonesaw, then perhaps scissors for close work.
Need a tourniquet.
Do you really need a saw to cut off a finder?
I cut his finger with the scissors lol
why did he look at a propane tank..?
DarkStratos: Knife for flesh, saw for bone.
Kinixys: High and tight
If I were in his shoes, I'd choose the pinkie finger... and I'd get the severed part put in a glass of milk as soon as possible, and get it to a doctor.
he gonna cauterize it?
shit son you're insane
Cauterise the wound.
DarkStratos: I think you get to pick what you want to use.
Or just cauterize it?
Milk?
He needs the fire to cauterize it afterwards.
das gonna hurt
http://derpy.me/8a4KX this is what i mean by dari and teardrop READ THE WHLE THING
2,14 pick your weapon chat
Caramel: It's best if you use the hot one. Trust me.
oh shiiiiii
00,03Oh god this part...
Kandarihu: why put it in milk?
Oh gezzz.
Hmm...
2,14 what will he use?
SAw
also im not sure you can heat up a metal like that on a stove
00,03Axe!
SCISSORS
I'm sorry, I cant watch
HE SHALL SUFFER!
use the saw with the alcohol
No non image links flutterchu.
SCISSORS
Scizzors!
Saw.
Scissors
SAW
Knife
SAW
2,14 scissors it is
saw
Caramel: Saw. Only way to get through that bone.
SCISSORS!
Caramel SCISSORS
saw
Use that sharp knife!!!
SAW
saw!
SAW
00,03Scissors O_O
EYAHHHH
GODDAMN SAW
lol scissors
Scissors? XD
freaking scizzors??!?!?
HE WILL FAIL OTHERWISE
this is gonna be fun
I hear that way, the finger could be reattached later on.
scissors are often used
SCISSORS!
SAW
Wewt! The Skizzors win. :D
Oh my god
you people are cruel!
Nonono not the scissors
I'm turning away now.
scissors wouldn't work I'm sure
scissors arent fun
In a bout of cruelty, the scissors ended up being safety scissors.
Reikim eenope... I cut his finger with the scissors lol
Let the torture begin............:S
Meanwhile: ONLY IMAGE LINKS ON STREAM (:O)
LETS GET DRUNK!!!
You have.......mail
Longest five minutes eve
*ever
This isn't going to end well
flutterchu: Yeah, that's not an image link, is it.
As he passes out from intoxication
Here we go...
get pinkie in there
i need scissors! 61!111
God damn
CriticKitten: um no, longest five minutes ever were in that dbz ep
I thought saw won
Lets make our blood super thin before we cut of a digit!
CriticKitten: It nust be in DBZ minutes then
Use the cleaver!
Do it!
off*
oh wow
the butcher KNife!
Meanwhile: nope -_-
...
that shudder breath
Scissors goddamnit, that'd never get through the bone.
ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
PLEASE ODNT BAN ME
"try it"
inb4 its a prank
I don't know if I can watch
oh man
how does that even work
:'(
flutterchu: So don't link it.
HERE WE GO
Oh shit
OH SHIT
Those scissors are insane
"You" GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
lol
lol..
Ow.
Ugh...god...
Damn
:S
OOOooohhhwfff
damn
Disinfeeeeect
:o
holy crap D:
00,03...damn son...
That gets me everytime
hot damn
Ow...
EVERY TIME
Well DAMN that guy has some willpower
THIS PLEASES ME GREATLY
DAAAAAAMN SHAAAAWN
DAMN............:S
Sounds like it hurt.
ah Sheet man!
im shivering
-_(\
and scared
SHAAAAAAAAAAAAAWN
GAAAAAAAAAAAAH
Woah. Did he cut off his WHOLE finger?
Ow
my hands hurt...
oh wow HE WASNT EVEN FINISHED!
:(
O_O
00,03JASOOOOOOOON!!!
Disenfect it, man!!!!
I feel nauseous...
Don't forget to show the camera....
Im loling right now
KHAAAAAAAAAAN!
This is probably the best acting in this so far.
As i take a break to go play piano with my fingers....
This...this is dedication.
So much lol
/me hugs oni_link
should i laugh or cringe? im so confused!
He loves his son.
question, how does the tablet know if he cuts off his finger or not?
He really would do ALL OF THIS to save his son.
This is actually decent acting. Huh.
now burn it
Ow
SpeedyBolt: Yep.
Ow
Maid_RainBow: thank you, that was intense
World's best dad.
and cleanse your body with falme
Ouch
Too bad it took this long to get there.
that one made me cringe
Im laughing right now
Oh god...I FEEL SO DAMN SORRY FOR HIM!
^
Burned right in the finger stump.
I want to cry now.
... oh
BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA THIS IS GREAT!!!
This is so painful to wtach
*watch
oh thought he was gonna go for the saw
funny how this game started with kids balloons and clows
I hope to GOD that this origami bastard gets what's coming to him.
*clowns
i feel SO sorry for him
this is like Pinkamena stuff like this
I have been playing things like Mortal Kombat since I was 6 and this is really hard to watch
Floorboard PAENCH!
PAWNCH*
oni_link: thats okay i hope it helped
Where is his finder?
Not gonna lie, part of my finger feels real odd atm.
00,03wasn't he supposed to bite on a stick?
.....
I feel a bit better Maid_RainBow
cant even read that.. or see it
I've seen people get murdered before...but this is much worse.
Anakin Skywalker: "Don't worry man, you'll get your own robot finger by the end of this game."
The violence of Mortal Kombat is military in nature. This violence isn't.
ya
Scoot: Yes, so he doesn't bite off his tongue.
this is civvie violence
This is psychologically painful.
Anakin Skywalker: "Oh wait, wrong movie...SORRY!"
NAHMAN_JAYDEN: Probably. Caramel probably forgot or wanted us to hear him scream.
Reikim: yeah
So angry rifht now.
...Poor Ethan
right
made my teeth clench
2,14 hey, I asked the chat
/me holds oni_link tightly "you will be okay"
That looked painful
:D
2,14 and they said scissors
well off to play 15 minutes of piano after watching the chat...
and vid
00,03... I think Val would WANT us to hea him scream
lol
random achievvy
Butcher.
We said saw!
Nice.
Personally I still like the "You" that the tablet said before he screamed was quite funny.
but whatever
He should've used the sword from the beginning.
00,03hear*
I saw a lot of scissors.
That woulda been some poetic justice or somethin.
/me feels a bit more secure in Maid_RainBow 's arms
Caramel.....u know.... I could.just give u the location without having.to cut.your goddamn finger.....
It's not painful to watch because of the violence per se. It's painful because of the psychology behind it.
Caramel: never listen to the chat on that kind of thing
I saw Scissors more.
2,14 I've already beat the game
you din't use disinfectant
Self-mutilation is far more disturbing than violence towards others.
2,14 I merely asked which weapon you wanted
Well, if it wasn't scissors, it would've been the bone saw. It doesn't matter how he severed his finger. The shocking thing is that he actually did.
Caramel: What would have happened with the others?
My pinkie finger is starting to hurt a little
2,14 some are easier than others
/me softly strokes oni_link over his head
Everyone in this chat could be a psychologyst
my head hurts now
Hey are you guys still a little bit mad at me for what i did about few minutes ago?
The scissors would probably be more painful than the saw.
Knife is easiest, isn't it?
The scissors was just freaking cruel.
...I'm going to have nightmares of poor Ethan...Just...dear god...
And stupid.
Reikim less pain. First time i.completed the game i used scissors xd
/me sighs in relief
00,03Alright dudes! I'm off to bed
He's going to feel that phantom finger for the rest of his life.
Aww
NAHMAN_JAYDEN: Night! :)
good night NAHMAN_JAYDEN
00,03Norman Jayden is best pony!
later NAHMAN_JAYDEN
Night scoots.
Good night NAHMAN_JAYDEN!
Sweet nightmares, NAHMAN_JAYDEN
Night NAHMAN_JAYDEN aka Scoots!
night NAHMAN_JAYDEN
cachi01|phone: Over use. of you.r periods.
bye NAHMAN_JAYDEN
o.v.e.r.u.s.i.n.g p.e.r.i.o.d.s?
...
You know, you'd think Ethan would at least call an ambulance.
and he's STILL in pain
HoodyNinja i know but my fucking . Is right besides the space so yeah lol
And why is she getting involved?
cachi01|phone: :D
She wants to help.
I still think Little Wayne is best pony! >_>
ah rats!
Oh noooo, raaats, waaaaaa grow up lady.
Oh no, rats!
Ethan: Shut up I'm missing my goddamn finger.
Bears are scarier
They're only rats. The worst they can do is climb into your toilet and bite you in the ass.
Meanwhile: LOL
You're so hardcore, lady.
SpeedyBolt: You think I'm kidding?
Meanwhile: I want to say yes...but...
Meanwhile NEVER kids
00,10So, is it bad that I am curently draging two sentry guns along with me in deus ex?
That window is TOO DAMN HIGH!
All that work for, "It's too high..."
Portal has taught me: WE MUST STACK BOXES!
Oh shit
im still confused why ppl dont use 'the' when claiming there best pony
^
Please hurry.
Sumica: course not
*their
Because idk
Just roll with it
Polydunami: they're
superretroworld internet grammar
^
Sea Pony Pinkie Pie! :D : http://img1.etsystatic.com/000/0/5328713/il_570xN.326152045.jpg
superretroworld: It's a meme, borrowed from League of Legends.
I just realized all the bad shit happens in september 11
They are best pony or their best pony?
Right, it's they're
What are you going to do
;)
Sumica: Nah. Sounds like the best plan ever.
you're behind a gate.
So Ethan Mars, who is suspected of being the Origami Killer, is the guy who just cut his finger off, right?
yes
That's right.
yes lol
Sounds kinky
Pretty much.
Um
To Kanda
lol
Not to Hoody
Did anybody see him get hit by the car?
00,10the looks on the guards faces when that elevater door poped open I am sure would have been priceless
I see. The cops are after the wrong man.
00,102 sentrys and a box for me to take cover behind
Oh no.
Yes sheeple, pay no attention to the guy with the bleeding piece of a finger.
*WHEEZE*
They are coming
Oh god Sumi. :D You're so cynical.
Gotta love bystander apathy.
twilight_sprinkle: eh true
sooo watch out!
:o
Knock down all the people again
:3
Welp the phoenix will dim its light out
Sumica, sounds like a funny sight for the stream.
very tired and gotta be up very early tomorrow and all
lolwut
Night CrimsonPhoenix.
I'll see you whenever
sure you will
The people in this town are such dicks...
dat conviction
gnight CrimsonPhoenix
Night CrimsonPhoenix
"Stop or I'll shoot...or not."
Goodnight CromsonPhoenix
wut
night CrimsonPhoenix
wut indeed
night CrimsonPhoenix
I love how they all say that and they never do. :D
Oh this is a great idea.
night CrimsonPhoenix
Stop or I'll sho-ah screw it
Phew
Not pictured: getting zapped by electrified tracks.
^
Reikim: Ninja skills?
YOU'RE TOO SLOW, BLAKE
Did they actually touch the tracks?
Thanks, Navi :|
Reikim: Only one rail is electrified though normally... right?
Reikim: ive seen a lot of people step on tracks and not get shocked
Oreigami
or ree ga mee killer
You didnt PRONOUNCE IT RIGHT!
...Wow, these people are idiots.
So has she noticed his missing finger?
YOU DIDNT BRING ANY PIZZA!!!
Doesnt anybody recognize his first son died a while back?
Seriously, why is she so happy to get involved with him?
Reikim: almost all tracks are electrified nowadays afaik
I CANT EAT ANYTHING BUT PIZZA!!!
Why would he try to KILL his second son?
The A is like in Ah, not like in Jam
SpeedyBolt.IM.MOT BLAKE I AM MY ORIGINAL CHARACTER.................. Oh damn
Wait, why does everyone think hes the killer?
HA
"Get away from me woman!"
But, she can go and buy groceries?
Apperantly.
<-This is why he's a suspect.
Ok then
Oh great.
Split Personality, hoo boy
Split bloody personality. Awesome.
>Bodies in the water
Wait...huh?
'hurt'
DID
Hurt....
LOGIC!
Did I miss something when I left...or...
Just hurt
...
Are you a loony lady?
Wur durnt u tell ther perliiiis.
You goofy gal
cachi01|phone: LIKE A BAWS
High four!
00,10hmmmm, did not realise you could shoot down doors
Yeah that'll go over well. "It wasn't me! It was my other personality!"
Have you seen him?
He's already destroyed.
Blake'd kick the crap out of you.
Sumica: I need this game now...
Sumica you can with a shotgunw
Actually, Meanwhile, that flies in course cases all the time. If you can prove it. Insanity plea and all that.
I'm kinda looking this up on GameFAQS. Not giving anything away, but we're at the halfway point now.
Reikim: Wouldn't fly in this town.
HALFWAY^
This game seems pretty long.
I want it now.
00,10sentries saw guard on other side of door, decided to fire on door till door was no longer problem
dayum bitches
Is the whole thing an interactive cutscene?
Caramel: you going to play the whole thing tonight?
Sumica is best engi
Goodnight
You should know by now, Sumica: the solution at all times is moar dakka.
You can move and stuff, and there's QTE things.
-floats in air-
Hasn't this been streaming for hours now?
Wirisme: To be honest? Yes.
