damn tab fail
Chrysalis: Very different people there. XD
Snow: I really want to see your artwork :D
all you bronys look the same :P
I bet snow has the most awesome sauce art work in the world ^^
is that so
Chrysalis: Have you seen all of us?
JT, look at wreks channel
Sonny: i dont have one yet but when i have enough drawings i will make one and then you will be the first one to get the link k?
GilDash no, but your all text
and cause only mods get colours :P
Chrysalis: I am? :S
Snow: AWEOMSE THANKS SNOW :D
well no, i met you
JT: depends
Snow: have you seen my work :o?
Chrysalis: Exactly! And I look nothing like you! :D
im just watching the chat on my screen while im eating my pizza here
JT: if you want to wait two and a half month on one piece of art
I'm jealous moopy
Jake: ragnar95? hahahaha love that name!
Sonny: no? :O
why is that?
who was it that said i look like they pictured wrek to look and vice verca
oh ok
Snow: want to see it :D?
OFCOURSCE WE WANT TO SEE THOU PAINTINGS
same:P
though without the pink dye
I See snow uses the Power of his Canterlock voice
you know what GilDash
Chrysalis: No, I saw pink hair too.
JT: her*
all my none-brony friends found out about that panel
Chrysalis: Good or bad reactions?
which led to some awquad conversations at my friends wedding
oh sorry Snow my internet failed
oh I'm sorry
Chrysalis: I bet it did. :S
alright, but keep in mind Snow that I'm not THAAAT good (profesianal)
i still have no idea how they found out
oops
considering i use a completely different persona on here
here it is
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hX1YVzdnpEc
>.>
Chrysalis it could be worse
obama call me maybe
I think...
Chrysalis: I don't think my friends have got a clue. I literally could not seperate my bronyness from them any more then I have done. :S
but were all in the room getting ready and suddenly "so whats this about a panel you were on for my little pony"
But somethimes people are just smart, my crappy creation of derpy in minecraft got the response Do you like MLP?
proffesional*
Chrysalis: 'Cause that's the best possible time to ask. XD
Snow: There are way better ones out there D:
Snow: still in training tough :)
GilDash of course
you are good
Well not to bitch Snow but it could be better
And Sonny ur stil in training :O
JT: :O
stop pretending you are not good enough
°-°
ur work is going to be awesome man!
thanks everyone :D
THOU HAVE SOME GUTS JT
that made me feel warm insdide ;)
Well snow I just don't like how she/he draw twilight in that one
hug?
but its pretty good
13zzz
Shizuka: Holla! :)
Shizu!
hallo
oh god, did I anger the god-admin O_O
/me hugs Shizuka
Gildash you could watch an episode with them
Hey sleepy Shizuka! :)
Saying that you got challenged by a friend who's a brony
the only thing i can show you atm Sonny is this
/me 13yawns
well thanks all by all guys :D
Hi there Shizuka ^^
you people are good at artsies!
JT: I don't technically have any other friends who aren't bronies, and they've not a clue.
tehee
GilDash well i went into the bank with http://www.redbubble.com/people/zedrin/works/9006899-change-is-good?p=t-shirt on
that got some looks
Chrysalis: I've got a Luna keyring that's managing to pop up everywhere now. I do have some shirts, I just nearly never wear them.
Snow: were you ment to show me a link Snow ?
Sonny, i can spoil 2 things im working on atm
http://i.imgur.com/pWBRr.jpg
im wondering whether to wear my luna one to work
the most brony shirt I have is this: http://fav.me/d52twym
:O
Why it isn't like Chrysalis is a well known mlp char
http://i.imgur.com/KOGHk.jpg
hey everypony :)
hey Sketch_Toku_Brony :)
Hi sketch_toku_brony
Snow: not bad snow :D
=D
Good grief this is the longest down stream i ever saw
this is going to squickly snowball into a pony gear pic post isnt
isnt it*
Moopy: heya
sup sonny
Chrysalis: it's one of the less pony characters in the show though, I don't think average people will recognize it :D
Oh by the way, my dad was to lazy to fix my computer but he promised so I'm on a bad computer at the moment that's why I didn't come on at all these last 4 days D:
anyone wanna hear obama sing boyfriend?
no
ohhh
naw
but yeah, thats what im working on atm
its funny though
Btw Chrysalis, what did you went by before changelings came? :D
also have some other stuff
UnFoundBug
i don't want to hear it cause it came from justin bieber hmph
It's not funny it's just rather stupid IMO
rather little change in meaning overall
Chrysalis that kinda fits the name and stuff XD
Chrysalis: It's like it was fated. XD
which i still find rather amusing
what I did befor ponies: http://fav.me/d3rh5d5
The truth is Chrysalis was a Changeling al along!
Mine's got nothing to do with ponies whatsoever. XD
Shhhhh
TheRandomkid321: it is funny
Just hiding until the invasion of Canterlot
Not true
what i did before ponies: drawing stick figures
we didnt take control of the governemnt or anything
Yet...
what i did? be miserable mostly
ponies did more for my depression than medication did
Haaa stick figures there funny as hell
What I did? Hang online. So, basically no change there. XD
Chrysalis: bronies are slowly getting there :D
I know right?
my life was kinda dark before ponies
https://sphotos-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash3/561787_523133557702872_473882602_n.jpg hahah
Snow: ponies are lifesavers!
soon there shall be a brony in everyhome
then when the time is right
we will strike
Chrysalis: aww, that's nice to hear! Ponies make everyone better :)
Eeyup
and make the world tremble
Strike with what? :S
with the sounds of our crush
Well we got a part of the Military
our kill destroy
'Cause I've got a potato masher if you really want it.
and most importantly, our swag
GilDash: happiness and joy
CRUSH KILL DESTROY SWAG
Crush kill destroy swag? Didn't that get us thrown out of a bar? XD
but i have to go now, gotta hit the showers(how convinient, someone had to do that to a while ago)
GilDash i didnt go to the after parties :(
someone said there are about 10 million bronies in the USA
Later Snow ^^
10 million?
No, wait! That was singing Winter Wrap Up really loudly. Crush, kill, destroy, swag was our response to being thrown out! XD
now that's an army
we only got 600 something to a center in manchester
I wish I could attend to a bronycon xD
Chrysalis: Hey, it was the best 600 ever.
though 600 singing the MLP theme song at 10am was a sight to behold
We should just assault the fox news office
No one would care
Chrysalis: it's like in that movie, They Live: we're everywhere and noone can see or suspect anything! :D
they just would be cheering
Chrysalis: Honestly, that Pinkie Pie party was at least as intense as Download this year, and that was some 70,000 people.
or crush kill destroy
or aru aru aru
I still want to go to the bronycon really bad
we were very loud for a saturday morning
Chrysalis: No, we were very loud. End of. XD
I think watching MLP was the best decision I have made ever, my life has became so awesome :)
later everypony(saying it again to be sure, chat derped)
Well it kinda suck for Tombstone his first bronycon and a light catches fire...
GilDash oh god pinkiepie party is the single best party i have ever been to
Chrysalis: I know, right? It's going to be even bigger next year. ^_^
GilDash: that's because bronies know how to have more fun ;)
MadSurge: You know I know how to have fun. ;)
with actual party cannons
^^^^^
Bronies never leave home without their party cannon!
The party cannons! Best idea ever! XD
it took days for my throat to recover
Also watch out for anti bronies guys
ok late enough. Ill hit da hay
http://fav.me/d5ffcos
cya Jake
Goodbye Jake
Chrysalis: Took mine about 3. Too used to (trying to) sing to metal. XD
Cya
Goodnighr Jake!
Jake: See ya! :)
Moopy haters are mostly fans who are ashemed of it
:o
well im just saying watch out for them
13hallo ponies
hey Shizuka
Well snap, hiya Shizuka!
hey Shizuka
Hey Shizuka!
suddenlt torchlight?
On Omegle I just said Once upon a time in the magical land of Equestria and yet they know it was about horses XD
JT or they just don't like the show...
Hallo Shizuka :$
torchlight 1 or 2?
I can't type ya name but yes
JT: closet bronies or future bronies :D
Chrysalis: 2 it hase just came out today
and I'm back fresh and new
Indeed
and a stream appears!
JT you only have to type part of their name and then press tab.
welcome back Lil_B
oh so DWR would work?
i would buy
thanks MLP_Brovakiin
but by the time it downloads ill have BL2
:)
and i really want BL2
Female Berserker, oh well
brb
Chrysalis, BL2?
Aye, I have it so it notifies me when you either say DWR or the longer version of this username.
borderlands 2
borderlaaaaaaaaaaands!!!!!!!!!!!!
Return, and a stream get. Not bad timing.
4 hours till i can play
is that dog saying "rainburger"?
huh whats this game about
ohai Meanwhile
Chrysalis: Ikr?
how are things Meanwhile
Uninteresting alexxm.
Chrysalis I find the different release dates silly it's kept me from playing with my boyfriend for the last 2-3 days
ok Meanwhike
Heya Meanwhile
Gah
has anyone of you played that game jak and daxter?
theres no excuse for non-worldwide release anymore
the internet is global
I'm bust playing Srs sam 3 and I get bomabareded with Torchlight
i did when i was a kid mentallyeffedguy
Chrysalis Oh yeah but nope gearbox are idiots in that regard
I never did find Torchlight interesting enough to finish.
nah its not gonna be gearbox
Is it not something to do with the ratings systems, the non-unified release dates?
alexxm: me to, loved that game! :D
publisher
2k games are gonna be the ones who didnt allow worldwide release
:O streeeeaaaaaam
ok guys, if i ever get rich, im so gonna make a pony game XD
mentallyeffedguy there are quite a few being made
budding friendships for example
a pony version of harvest moon
Chrysalis: yes, but i mean a high budgett one
I'll hold you on that one Mentallyeffedguy
Why is Samuel L Jackson fighting Sauron?
Meanwhile fund that movie
mentallyeffedguy hasbro couldnt allow that
alexxm: I second that
So when does Tyrael show up?
Chrysalis: a good kid
s game
if you had the budget to license MLP for it
If you gave them all the profit and stuff they would allow it I gues
Sam's car says "S4m 4 evuh" I love this game so much
Heya everypony! :)
i dont think they would allow something rated M though XD
Monstamuffin!
hey TheMonstaMuffin !
Is this game a Diablo clone?
Yes
MadSurge: Essentialy.
Technically.
But loads loads better
Ur still as deliscious as always?
Hi mentallueffedguy
08,01whee
how you doing TheMonstaMuffin
2 sec gotta call my big brother on da phonz
hi alexxm
Madsurge why say diablo clone?
08,01spicy avacado!
:)
brb
Actually
There are a shitload of games like it
The developers of this game made Diablo 2
oh
Well Diablo is the most known of dungeon crawler.
if DHX partnered w/ a good company and an mlp game *asks age then change diff from there,kids=easy 15+ = ff rpg* it would lol if the rated E for Everyone was changed to E for Everypony
finally found a good use for this guitar soundfont XD gonna make an earthbound cover :)
Hi everypony
*i would
hi seatsea
just got my new pc and it is a beast
Does anyone ever buff their vitality in these things?
Heya seatsea
Back
Hey seatsea!
And not when you've already maxed out everything else?
Welcome back TheMonstaMuffin
Well I don't really play these games meanwhile
Meanwhile: I buff the hell out of mine, because I'm always the one tanking the hits
Welcome back Monstamuffin
Welcome to my world in GW2 Serenity.
How many people have seen my here before
I'm presuing this is beta?
I think this released today.
Awww bitch, noone told me!
I have no money
And I wouldn't dare pirate this
I have some money, but I don't really want it.
^ lies
Never really cared for Torchlight 1, never really cared for dungeon crawlers.
By the looks of the gameplay I saw before now, TL2 pissed all over TL1
I played Torchlight for 10 hours then got bored.
The music reminds me of LotR.
Needs more Ents.
I think its pretty interesting. Never even heard of this game O.o
Pfft, just got an email. "Torchlight 2 available now!"
I've heard *of* it.
Lol
Supposed to be a "better Diablo III" according to some people.
RaveBrony: It's an indie game, but made by the devs of Diablo 2 who left Blizzard years ago
Serenity: Ooooh, I was about to say :D It looks ALOT like Diablo 2
Yeah, that's why the first one was brilliant
I'm inclined to point out most dungeon crawlers look pretty similar.
MEh, true
You could say that about most games of a genre though.
I mean if I cross my eyes I can tell myself this is Diablo 3.
It's the same as MMO's though, each one has their own charm
so is this game good
alexxm: I hope so, been hyped for ages
I wasnt too fond of Diablo 3... Im already bored of it.... I plalyed Diablo 2 for yeeears tho :D
Tbh I couldn't unfocus my vision look at Guild Wars and see World of Warcraft.
RaveBrony: I'm sure you share that statement with around 90% of people who bought D3
Haha
Yeah :P
Serenity really i haven't heard of this game?
My entire family was rather disappointed with it.
I wouldn't bother with Diablo III purely for the online schtick they try and force on you.
This game shows potential tho :o
My online connection's not the most stable. :S
Well, since I spent 45 quid on it, I was ready to destroy Mars.
Most games of a genre have pretty much the same framework, but dungeon crawlers are especially similar because they're very frame heavy.
RaveBrony: Judging by the devs, give it a chance.
Yeah :P but its a matter of money, lol
Health, mana, randomised item drops, a lot of clicking, things hogging your bagspace, randomised enemy ability.
Only got $4 cash to my name and $10 in my Steam wallet. So i wont be getting it anytime soon.
I might just be a dick and pirate this game, THEN when I get the money, buy it
100§ for the next person who says "TO THE IDIOT MOBILE!" the next time he gets cought by the Police
RaveBrony: It's 20$ I beleive
Puzzleslot map layouts and replay that hinges on your desire to go clicking through another dungeon.
just got my sic Kwami Tamashii Kamen Rider Agito figure,and it is awesome! /)^3^)\
Lil_B: Sorry, I can only use Pounds, can you send me euros?
Serenity: Yeah, i know :P Im close, but not quite there.
Serenity nope : |
sadfaec
o-o
13awwww i can't go dynamite fishing in this town
what is going on?
Attempted piscine genocide.
is that torchlight 2?!?!?1
I know that song
Yesh
but not the town
;A;
Shizuka: the best way to fish!
i want to play that so bad
Same
so how long has this game been out
Like, ten minutes.
^
but no one wants to seem to trade it to me for the quake collection
dat Shizuka
I own the quake collection anyway :L
Empty sockets?
Bought 1,2,3 and 4 for 15 quid
Woah, hey emangamer : D
Well make what you know I guess.
Hi bronystate.
i bought it as a present for someone.
Hey FillyFlam :)
emangamer: Wow, long time, it's been a long long time
:P
anyone in here played through black mesa?
I've played through Half Life 1
hi Fillyflam ^^
Dark_Horst Yep
Dark_Horst Finished part 1
Why's every game for the last fortnight been terribly uninteresting.
how are things FillyFlam
:\
Borderlands 2! First one was meh.
Heya FillyFlam
back
Torchlight 2! First one was also meh.
Meanwhile: Because it's 2012?
disconnected by accident
Black Mesa! I don't care about Half Life.
We are all gonna die :O
then you might be able to help me with a problem. i'm at the big sloped cargo elevator and cant use it. something tells me i have to get into the control room above it, but both doors are closed
and i cant go anywhere else
JT: Eventually, yes.
So i got the quake collection as a present for a relative
Dark_Horst What act?
Meanwhile: So what DO you want?
I wasnt a fan of Borderlands, lol. Played it over that 'free weekend'. and it didnt really interest me. Half-life didnt catch my interest either.
:\
and turns out they refuse to use steam all together
:o
nor even consider installing it on thier compputer
killerpony7733: dunno. pretty much in the beginning
Serenity: Idk tbh.
Wait, is this Torchlight 2?
/me facedesk
He was treating like it was a virus
Hay everypony
right past where you flood the sewers
Hey JappleAck
Heya JappleAck
Brb
how are things JappleAck
Inb4 everyone who joins in this stream says "Is this Torchlight 2?"
good alexxm
Dark_Horst Oh yes yes okay you can't access the control room right?
is dis torclit 2
/me bonks Serenity upside the head.
killerpony7733: nope
/me dies
Dark_Horst Check the top areas near the elevator and see if you can find a vent shaft
is the season 3 premiere this Saturday?
...
!dc
People are still asking that?
lol
whats the new episode command again
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
CD = Countdown
Good grief, one troll post on...whatever it was and everyone freaks out.
killerpony7733: ah, found it. thanks^^
I feel misimformed.
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
Mind you, EqD freaked out too so of course the mostly stupid portion of the fanbase followed.
Dark_Horst Np i kinda got confused too but i quickly figured it out
Meanwhile: So that's around 90% of bronies?
Serenity: Exactly.
I don't blame the haters really, still am in a sense.
killerpony7733: now if gordon only could jump
Dark_Horst Oh yeah bunnyhop is kinda gone in this :D
only reason i asked was because my friend told me it was gonna be the 22nd
I can't really tell, are those zombies?
Oh, there's a skeleton, gonna go with yes.
Skellies and zombies
JappleAck Be smart and don't believe untill theres a real official announcement
nope sorry alexxm
So, Diablo 3 starts in a fairly countryside environment fighting the undead...
why not MrPipin
And Torchlight 2 starts...oh dear.
'dat originality
killerpony7733: thanks, thats what i told him
so how long has this game been out
alexxm: About an hour.
alexxm: Like, approximatly two seconds I think.
I like pie.
and it's already being streamed damn that was quick
Kammerjunk: Who doesn't! :D
I still haven't even played Torchlight 1. I'm so behind the times.
http://i.imgur.com/UKYI1.jpg
13of course it would derp when it got interesting
Is this torchlight 1 or 2?
Shizuka: Welcome to hell.
2
or what
hi everypony :)
Oke
There we go.
Heya thelonepony
Hay thelonepony
sup thelonepony
Oh hi, thelonepony.
hi there thelonepony
First world problems.
Hello everybody
is this diablo one or two?
I want to buy Humble Indie Bundle, but I already gave the money my PayPal account held away.
Meanwhile: Why does first world problems have to happen to first world people D:
Heya The_Engineer
hay The_Engineer
thelonepony: It's Torchlight 2, but I can see why you were confused.
Anyone got a job for me?
Consarnit, I didn't even consider that I could get the Humble Indie Bundle.
how are things The_Engineer
The_Engineer: Build a sentry?
The_Engineer: Yes. Move that goddamn gear up.
Dragonmatte: Because the third world is already starving.
I'm a different engineer dummy
hi The_Engineer
the_Engineer: need a dispenser here
alright, the fact that i need an extra barrel becasueof ONE INCH is ridiculous
Dark_Horst: Come again?
He has a one inch barrel.
Kammerjunk: black mesa
Or something.
Oh my.
I'm this engineer.
http://images2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20111230214421/truecapitalist/images/a/ab/Engineer.jpg
Kammerjunk: gordon jumps like a rock. with athritis
Dark_Horst: Oh. I started playing that game. I was going to finish it, but my math teacher had different plants.
plans*
Meanwhile: ...
Kammerjunk: Then shoot him
Oh.
So anyone got a job for me?
Serenity that is not appropriate conflict resolution.
Meanwhile: Always works for me
Kammerjunk: "different plants" was better. :D
I dunno, Meanwhile. Seems awfully appropriate to me.
Always a pain to clean up the brains and entrails though
Kammerjunk no shooting the math teacher.
Aww.
I probably shouldn't be laughing my flank off at absolutely nothing right now, but what the heck. I blame medicine.
That's something I did like about Torchlight though, being able to empty your inventory of rubbish via the medium of petmail.
same here
Get off that exctacy
I might go play some KSP
Not -that- kind of medicine.
ôkay, forget what i said, a rock is a fucking athlete compared to this guy
Petmail is best mail.
Dark_Horst: What?
Dark_Horst: Hey, you try jumping while wearing an HEV suit.
torchlight seems like a big budget rip off of Portal
black mesa. gordon freeman. jumps worse than a rock
So Diablo 3 started in a countryside filled with zombies but then moved into a corrupted underground sepulcher-esque place where they were coming from, and Torchlight 2...oh dear.
emangamer: Wait, Portal? What happened to Diablo 3?
Why must there be so many unopenable pistachios in the bag?
Kammerjunk: no, not that portal
Oh.
Because pistachios are sadistic.
Pistachios are out for your soul.
but its worth it
Inb4 Pistachio is a boss in here somewhere.
Bye guys I'm off to try out KSP
Kammerjunk: it was a game that sounds just like this one but came out like 7 years ago
bye The_Engineer
I hope there are no levels in this where you have to go to heaven to save it from demons or the nerd rage will leak through the internet in physical liquid form.
Except it already did when Diablo 3 was in beta. People complained it was "too colourful".
I'm back everypony ^^
Resaluta, JT.
wcb JT
Resaluta? :P Whats that kammerjunk?
Too colourful.
Meanwhile: ...And then Blizzard added the Secret Pony Level, I assume.
Bye everypony. i'm gonna go play some Battlefield 3
Diablo 3 too colourful?
JT: Literally, "to greet again". Latin.
Oh, you know how people on the Internet are.
80% of todays games are all shades of grey and brown and people complain when something is too colourful.
Cya jappleack
This is not how the world should be.
People will argue about literally anything.
True.
I have seen arguments about whether the end of a toilet paper roll should face the wall or the toilet.
fucking finally. gordon freeman. physicist. genius. saviour if mankind. cant be arsed to climb a fucking crate
I think it was decided by popular vote that facing the toilet was the correct manner.
And thats the reason I want to live in Eqestria
And I concur.
before i leave... Sega Genisis vs. SNES. GO!
Cuz everyone is fucking each other and arguing about nothing
Neither. I prefer the N64.
Only because of Conker's Bad Fur Day, though.
Kammerjunk I think your opinion is wrong and I would like to argue about it
Well I rather have it facing so I can get to it easily but thats just my opinion :P
okay... SEGA vs. Nintendo.
They're both shite.
Well that was quick.
Kammerjunk or, not you have a N64 and Conkers bad Fur day, thats too good
make an experiment. hang up two rolls of toilet paper. one facing the toilet, one facing the wall. then observe (must use public or workplace toilet for this=
I'd rather not observe people using the toilet, though.
you will see that the roll facing the toilet will always be empty before the other one
Ask an actual scientist, though. They've been there.
the people havespoken, facing it is
Well everyone choses the right one since most people are right handed
And the left handed people the other
So you can't really use that one
So put them next to each other.
That would work
JT: didnt say anything about then hanging on different walls, now did i?
...
This is a really silly conversation.
I'd probably just turn the one facing the wall around, though.
people don't like to touch a lot of things ioin public toilets, if the roll faces the wall, the chances of touching the wall are bigger, thats a +Point for facing the Toilet
Dark_Horst I'm sorry XD
Yes. Yes, it is.
you know the conversation is silly cuz no one likes using public toilets
Amen.
killerpony7733: who are the guys on the yellow coffee mug in the control room? devs?
So in other news, I apparently like cutting myself.
That sounded wrong.
anyone has some good music for me?
Yeah, it did.
Care to clarify?
indeed
Not on the wrist. I just keep accidentally cutting myself after sharpening a knife.
I blame the melons I'm cutting, though.
That sucks kammer
You should learn how to handle it better.
Not really. It's sharp enough so it doesn't hurt.
I should.
JT what kind of music do yyoun like?
well aslong as you still have 10 pointy things its oke right?
Yup.
Uh dubstep mostly
Hi everyponyy
Kammerjunk, heus?
"Hey".
again latin?
Basically.
oh XD
Zeus's lesser known little brother.
Yeah, it's a bad habbit.
haha
JT ok, I'm not that familiar with Dubstep musicians :/ do you like really hard drops and variaty or smooth stuff?
Can't help ya there, JT. Only electronic genres I listen to are electrona and house.
Luna...? 0///0 :D http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m8kl0bFLjn1rwgve9o1_1280.jpg
I guess DnB is good too.
I enjoy both lil_b
Meanwhile wrong, Zeus already is the yungest of 3 brothers
Sketch_Toku_Brony: dayum
youngest*
what the hay was that sketch_Toku_brony?
I have to go in about 5 to 10 minutes. I just wanted to see is BronyStates works in college.
And it does
JT: bayonetta luna
Lil_B: Yeah yeah yeah, Poseidon Hades and Zeus, Chronos ate a rock and then he puked up all the kids yada yada yada
Well , is your roommate a nice guy? hats?
Meanwhile: Most accurate description I've heard to date.
You just can't make a light joke on wordplay without going into lore can you.
Why not meanwhile?
JT: This college doesn't have dorms
Besides, "heus" is Latin. They didn't speak Latin in ancient Greece.
Oh
Meanwhile yay, someone who knows some Greek Mythology :D
I drive to class and it's a pain
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Flash/Animation: Luna's Night Journey / Pokemon Meets MLP
Greek mythology is fun. I prefer Norse mythology.
I'm fond of ancient myth but I'm hardly well versed.
Kammerjunk: yeah, gotta love dat frost giant
Kammerjunk: or that giant salt licking cow
Or killing your steeds every night.
Sketch_Toku_Brony I swear I've seen a Bayonetta like Pony before, but anyway, that's a nice picture :)
And with steeds, I mean goats. Or ram. Whatever.
or a giant tree getting eaten by a snake
Kammerjunk But mythology in itself is interesting namely the age of the titans before greek mythology started
I pity the knight who had to take a goat as his steed.
or the universe being destroyed then remade by alfadur
that Luna flash vid is pretty cool
Meanwhile: Well, he wasn't a knight per say.
or an all powerful ring
He was more like the God of Thunder.
And oak trees. And strength.
did you know, that thor has the ability to drink so much he can lower the level of the sea by several inches?
And somehow, fertility.
Well, Thor is just that badass.
Guess he was just throwing darts at the character sheet.
Got to go everypony. Bye
and that he can lift the giant serpant under the sea?
despite him wrapping around the planet
Meanwhile: Funny, that's how I play D&D.
Never played.
Stopped playing when I ran out of people to play with.
The closest thing I've seen to a D&D game was an episode of Community.
that episode was shit
And I have no idea how faithful that is to the source material.
/me has actualy played D&D
dude, I got the paladin on my team to target me]
is it fun emangamer
that's how bad ass my character was
/me brandishes his big ass sword
You caught nothing!
Im off to da bed. Cya everypony
'dat comment
I always thought fishing was the most roundabout thing added to Torchlight.
it was in portal
you fed it to your pet and then it transformed
oh, I thought for a moment this was diablo 3
I can't imagine why.
um, is it?
And it's actually Torchlight 2, but it might as well be Diablo-light 1 and three quarters.
quit bashing the shit outta this game because it's a dungeon crawler
I have no idea, I havent played with either one
not every dungeon crawler must be > diablo 3
Well I'll better start reading again to make sure my watch later list on fimfiction doesn't get too long...aldo thats kinda too late
So Cya guys
Yeah they're pretty samey.
people play MMOs despite wow being huge
third person is OP
ALL MMO'S ARE THE SAME -Meanwhile
I'll drop out now, bye everyone :)
bye Lil_B
Cya Lil_B
/me hugs Alchemist and JT
bai Lil_B
I need some tea.
and Jim ;)
got freaking cold freaking fast here.
And now I started a game with my roommates again: how long can we last without turning the heating on? :D
gas bill is a bitch
Alchemist: Heating is overrated. Share body heat! XD
right
GilDash Tis is why i love winers a good excuse to cuddle close to ones partner and all :D
winters'
killerpony7733: You need an excuse? :p
Well, if I had a significant other I would :D Too bad I cant really get women up to the apartment. Its... low cut. I dont have a bed, Im sleeping on a couch..that's not a very attractive thing...
GilDash Well no...but it's a better reason to do it more often! :P
killerpony7733: Reasons are overrated! Hugs for everypony! XD
But why.
Because groping.
Oh.
lol
:D
Wait a minute, hold on one second.
I for one, do not accept our new hugging overlords.
^
There. Much better.
There's nothing more cool than being hugged by someone you like...
I want to take a nap.
Same here, but I hate naps. :D
^
But if someone tries to touch you in a place or in a way that makes you feel uncomfortable, that's no good.
http://www.facebook.com/hubtvnetwork
Meanwhile: I shan't hug you then. Wouldn't want to break your street cred. :p
So what do you do?
Look at the latest post
/me sleeps on Kammerjunk 's head
Why should we?
/me throws a bed at Barbetos|AtWork.
Pfft, street cred. I live in the countryside, everyone around here is either old or livestock.
/me recieves status bed. Dies.
/me game over music
Meanwhile: I know that feel. Walk often enough around it.
nothing fancy.They are less than 30 days away from ANNOUNCING the premiere date.
That's nice.
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: 30 Days Away from Season 3 Announcement
GilDash: Wouldn't trade it though, much prefer countryside to city.
Oh hi, convenient daribot.
Seriously, it's like daribot can understand us.
Meanwhile: I like to miz it up every so often.
*mix
Talking to a chat bot is like talking to dirt.
So apparently season 3 will be announced in a month.
SEEMS LEGIT
so, for clarification not premiereing it in 30 days, just announcing the date in less than 30 days.
In other words its a one sided conversation.
Unless it's Cleverbot.
Inb4 it premieres in January.
INB4 it premieres the 30th of February.
with only 13 episodes it even might be
That'd suck.
kewlkat123
darn she aint on
I wouldn't be surprised if it premiered the 22. December.
Warcraft?
3
?
That's got to be the best guess as to what's on so far
"Diablo 2? Diablo 3? Torchlight? Warcraft 3?"
Is chat dead
PillowPoni|Phone: Yes. Everybody's dead.
PillowPoni|Phone Yes >_>
NOPE.AVI
Everybodys dead dave
Peterson isn't is he?
Not anymore
petersons dead
Everybodys dead dave
Chen? Selbi?
theyre dead
Everybodys dead dave
Captain Hollister?
Hey, who's playing Audiosurf on the stream?
thats not audiosurf
thats torchlight 2
Sure it is.
I thought it was Bejewelled.
No that is Bit Trip Runner
Yeah, might be Bejewelled.
Nah, that's obviosly Half Life 3
No, it's The Last Guardian.
Hah, like Half-Life 3 will exist in the year 2XXX.
You sure it's not Borderlands 2?
Oh, right.
speaking of half life: I was so disappointed that Xen didnt get into Black Mesa Source...
It shall come.
So. What's going on?
As far as I can tell, Gabe Newell has never directly said "Half Life 3", instead saying stuff like "...the end of our Half-Life series."
Suuuuspiiiicioooouuus.
Did Half-Life 2 end at a cliffhanger?
I'm thinking VALVe releases Half-Life 2: Episode 2: Part 1 & 2.
I would not be surprised.
6Hi ^^
I was playing the last map (the portal one with stuff spawning in), and I even did so with crappy weapons, so I dont waste ammo for the good weapons when I get in Xen, and then credit roll and saaaad face.
The Hub ?@HubTVNetwork
Just between us ponies, we're less than 30 days away from announcing the #MyLittlePony season 3 premiere date/time!
Meanwhile: :D
That anouncement of an anouncement
Barbetos|AtWork: ah the usual.
Meanwhile: I would pay an obscene amount of money to play that.
Meanwhile also he has a huge pile of money that he has no idea how it got there.
More like he gets fired for sleeping in.
Well, he's already late in Half-Life 1.
See? it fits.
Eh. He was planning on quiting shortly after he quickly estimated how much money he had in his room.
How about Gordon goes to vocal lessons
Well my parents are coming down for a few days so I won't be on as much
And comes out with the voice of Morgan Freeman
So that dream everyone has about arriving late to work? Gordon had that while high.
In otherwords, enough to own a small island and be Govna Gordon.
I loved how the blackboards had actual SCIENCE on them in black mes source :D
kewlkat123
Dern
And then I get ignored. That's fine.
Gordon Freemans mind probably helped with that Alchemist
Everyone say nothing to PillowPoni and he'll think we can't see his text.
Wait...
It pretty much pointed out the lack of science on those white boards.
Barbetos|AtWork: the machinima series?
Yep
I mean. yar. Oh wait that is over.
>while stream has undead pirates being killed
PillowPoni|Phone: In all seriousness-ess-ess, though, show your parents BronyState.
Kammerjunk: her*
Them*
The knockback on that gun would appear to be "Teh haxxorz"
Wait, no. Consarnit.
13so i'm sure you guys can't see it
I am so bad at this.
wait
I think I can
13but i scavenged through a body named Chester Copperpot
One eyed willies other eye!
13and he dropped One Eyed Willy's Other Eye
Hah!
13that's funny <3
eh whqa?
Kammerjunk: lol they know I watch MLP. They just look at me weird cause I'm 20
Goonies. <3
hi all :D
Goodies
hi Princess_Cadence
13oo and adds 15 damage over 5 seconds to weapons
13awsm
Goooodies, goody goody yum yum
PillowPoni|Phone: It's so fun weirding people out, though.
Awww dammit, I wanna watch the Goodies again
Inb4 Hay yew guiz.
Hay yew guiz
Kammerjunk: true.
.ziug wey yaH
sorry was trying something, didnt work :p
Huh. I have never seen the goonies. Just btw.
But I must go because my parents will be here in an hour or so. Be back whenever I can get on, which will be later tonight
We had it on here once.
It's a very fun movie.
This site needs to broadcast Goodies
PillowPoni|Phone: Valedico, then.
Wel.. Actually I have technically, but I was otherwise... well lets just say I had some very attractive company, and she had other plans while we watched. :x
oh my
In the end I never really knew what the hell was happening
You lucky dog, you
Oh and someone throw a bucket of lava at Meanwhile. And if he asks why its because I wanted to be random.
/me throws a Meanwhile of lava at bucket.
I already met my "Abuse Meanwhile " qouta
Some one else will have t odo it.
I'd reccomend you get ready to dodge his arsenal
13OH LOL
13now i fight one eyed willy
Oh lol.
Oh boy.
who's streaming?
Oh god, oh man, oh god, oh man, oh gooaad
Shizu's streaming.
Now there is going to be an octopus right?
One eyed Willy wants his eye back.
damn
My tongue is really itchy
One eyed willy is demoman
I need help with my CS course, it's pissing me off
Are you maeking maps?
no
emangamer: Credit Suisse Group AG?
If not, I am lost.
Kammerjunk: ...I have no clue what you just said
Me neither.
Right
Left.
computer science
Lets cure the confusing
SC
Shush, Meanwhile
:3
Are you talking about Counter strike?
........................
yes
Then we all understand
because there's a college course based around counter strike
Wait, really?
I'm terrible at Counter Strike.
O_e
Oh man, I need to go there.
Take me there, NOW.
I don't care if I must enter "That country"
But alright, that kind of CS. I 'unno, my class just calls it computer science. Except, you know, in Danish.
Serenity: I want to choak you like a puppy
emangamer: Just as well I'm not a dog am I?
Oh, we call that IT.
ICT, yeah
Kammerjunk: well the CS is a major and it's a course as a part of that major
Information technology
IT is much broader, though, isn't it?
CS =/= IT
Well I don't know
No idea, but I have yet to see anywhere around here offering to teach CS.
I'm not "One of those"
Meanwhile: Youtube? :3
CS is heavy programming base
Yeah, we don't get any programming until college
Serenity: I was thinking more like physical place but touché :P
whos streaming right now?
Shizu's streaming Torchlight 2.
emangamer: Now you have me thoroughly confused.
Right
I'm back
Left
I'm front
Left. I'm fro-
Consarnit.
Hehe
Meanwhile: oh thank you
Dohoho
Is that a small cannon Shizu is carrying around? :S
You're welcome/
13what do you mean small
^
Good point. XD
._.
That is a rather large cannon you have there.
Yeah I think that's beyond the range of "handcannon"
Why can I not say anything without it sounding dirty.
Okay, is that a *large* cannon Shizu is carrying around? XD
Stop saying large cannon!
Looks like she yoinked it off one eyed willy's boat.
Cannons are now canon
Massive cannon?
Serenity Icwutudidthere
While being printed on a canon
Canon cannons are now canon.
Canonically.
Haven't seen a canon printer in years
They musta gone bust
And not like that...
There's one on my desk.
Canon are still very much alive. :S
Mine's a lexmark :3
13i caught a fish.... that had a sword inside
they surely went out with a bang
13why couldn't i just use the fish as a sword
hello :)
Because swordfish don't work like that.
Shizuka: Because fish are friends, not weapons
Oh you.
it was no stingray
fish is food, and a bad one at that
These puns are killing me.
I love seafood.
Wait, there's something Meanwhile doesn't hate?
I should get a stringray. stuff it, then use it as a shield
seafood looks like giant insects
So do I. I'm on a seafood diet.
Kammerjunk: Trixie?
I see food and I eat it! :D
You see food and eat it?
Oh yeah, asides from Trixie.
Yeah, that's a joke my dad makes.
Meanwhile: Same here. XD
lol
actually I think avreage fish consumption per capita is the lowest in my country in europe
Actually, that's a joke my mum makes, not my dad. :S
Your dads make jokes about Trixie? :L
wat
'dis chat
brb
please let this be diablo 2
My dad doesn't even know who Trixie is. Or ponies. Or anything, half the time. :S
Schrödingers chat.
I don't even understand this chat anymore.
Eulshy: Nope. Torchlight 2.
Kammerjunk: Welcome to hell
Meanwhile: Oh you.
seafood is for coast people
Eulshy: you're like the...fourth? person to suggest Diablo 2.
Seafood is for people who like seafood
what game ist this?
I might start keeping score of the guesses.
Also, mabye some Grimsbies
Meanwhile, the red and blue orbs suggest it
Diablo 2: 4 Diablo 3: 1 Torchlight: 1 Warcraft 3: 1
Meanwhile: A channel within a server must be considered, for all purposes and intents, simultanously existant and non-existant until observed?
Because I know they like their fush a bit *too* much
oh...diablo
fish*
the game with the pony killer level
DaringDerpy: It's Torchlight 2.
Is this game Call of Duty?
Diablo: 1 Diablo 2: 4 Diablo 3: 1 Torchlight: 1 Warcraft 3: 1
This is Terraria.
So it's not Cry of Fear?
even the music resembles freaking diablo 2!!!
these korean mmorpg all look the same nowadays
+s
I thought it was Silent Hill for the first five minutes.
13you are all wrong
Alchemist: Made by the same devs
There were zombies and I couldn't see more than ten feet ahead.
13it's barbie horse adventures
Shizu took the portal to Wallpaper.
The people who made Diablo 2 left Blizzard and made Torchlight
Someone's been reading Penny Arcade.
I'm hungry, brb
btw, is the game any good?
13shizu is op nerfplz
Does it look any good?
I'm thirsty, but I can't be arsed going downstairs and making some tea.
That sounds like exercise.
HEY WHAT IS THE MEDIAFIRE DOWNLOAD FOR PONYMON???
Not here.
I gotta leave an an hour and ten minutes to do some TF2 stuffs
Hey, what's capslock?
I dunno, it looks better than diablo 2 but I have no idea about the actual gameplay
and im back
Capslock is cruise control for cool.
Meanwhile: Not sure. I hold shift down personally.
like skill trees, classes, dificulty, items etc
Shizuka: What is this horse doign here and why am I having adventures with it?
Alchemist: well, this is currently on casual difficulty, but I have no idea about skill trees and junk.
http://www.mediafire.com/?381ji4zvw8zw9p7 Pink3 this one works
I stand corrected.
If I have to choose one thing I don't like about Diablo 3, it's private loot.
meaning in multiplayer everyone gets their own and cant interact with other's?
Yes. It's a mechanic of children, as far as I'm concerned.
I dunno, I've seen enough loot drama on WoW.
Pink3: dont talk to the bald old guy in the second city thouhg. he will try to teach you how to catch ponymon and your game will lock up. at least that's what happened to me
Who made Ponymon?
means you can't make a trader char
boring
well every pony i am going to hit the hay
Meanwhile: Probably after groups with an FFA rolling system.
Maid_RainBow: G'night! :)
good night Maid_RainBow
...I see your point.
bye Maid_RainBow
Kammerjunk: I've seen enough loot drama from high end raiding guilds, much less scrappy PuGs.
Serenity: severeal guys. they're listed here under "about" http://ponymondawndusk.wikia.com/wiki/Ponymon_Dawn/Dusk_Wiki
bye Maid_RainBow
Things to do things to do, back shortly.
Drama is fun.
haHA! found my old CBS cd with ground control!
Well, ain't that a kick in the head.
I'm using the wrong sayings and you can't stop me.
btw, if any of you guys havent played ground control, you should
buy it, download it, doestn matter
or ground control 2, for that matter. that one should still be available
chat ded?
/me flips a table. "BLARG!!! Piece of shit computer!! RAAA!!"
Oh er.
hey
wat
the machine always does what the user tells it to do. no exceptions
Unless it's inhabited by Satan.
IT stuff. Broken computer not cooperating.
Typical stuff.
http://dagobah.net/flash/Insane.swf (rip headphone people)
holy fuck. just found the manual pdf on cd. that thing has ONE WHOLE PAGE of description per unit
huh
Which is becoming more and more common. Science has estimated that approximately 47% of all home computers are inhabited by Satan or one of his minions. Call your local tech guy now.
DaringDerpy: Might not want to link stuff unless it is just a pic during streams.
Kammerjunk: He told me to turn it on and off again. Seems to be alright now.
apparently Hub will announce when S3 will air in 30 days (not spoilers)
lol Kammerjunk
You might anger the mods.
i whould say within 30 days
dont you miss the times when game developers would bother to put some info and lore about the verse of their game in manuals?
Dark_Horst: I do.
Hell, I stuff have most of my old manuals.
Somewhere.
you remember a time when developers actually made manuals? :)
Dark_Horst: Very much so. Reading the manuals on the way back home was always fun.
when you could just browse through and read up on weapons while it was installing
yeah, those were good times
they make tutorials now. with no option to skip them.
"you have now learned how to move your char from a to b"
well, i'm reinstalling ground control 1 right now. first time i opnened the manual (it's on a game magazine cd, manual on cd. never read those, for some reason)
and i'm just blown away how every single unit has it's own page in the manual
Night everypony
night Serenity
Goodnight Serenity
Bye Serenity!
Serenity: G'night! :)
night Serenity
Right, should leave too. I hear my blanket calling.
Adieu.
ohai everypony!
good night, Kammerjunk
hi Michael
greeting to your blanket
night Kammerjunk
/me hugs AJIsAwesome
Heya Michael
hi Michael
Kammerjunk: See ya! :)
and goodnight Kammerjunk
hi
/me hugs Michael back
and goodnight
/me hugs MLP_Brovakiin DaringDerpy Applejack2011
/me hugs Michael back :3
Gnight Kammerjunk
goodnight
this game remembers me Diablo, lol
Michael: it is a dungeon crawler
Michael: Same :3
RaveBrony: :)
Ive been looking for my Diablo 2 disk for the past hour..... :(
D2 is best Diablo
magic auto shotgun
Michael: Amen!
never found the fun in clicking pixel monsters to death
pienipples
a friend of mine destroyed 3 mouses on diablo
lol
What game is this? o:
Torchlight 2.
Though so far it's been guessed as Diablo, Diablo 2, Diablo 3, Torchlight, Warcraft 3, and bejeweled.
i should try that
terchleirght 2
hehe... the bad guys in ground control got an attack plane type named "lyra"
Who the heck guessed bejewled? XD
lol
Me, in jest.
I raise to barbie dream house
I mean, this is clearly Tetris.
Lies, it's Monkey Island.
definately crysis
halo
Lies, it's Modern Warfare.
without a shadow of a doubt
wut
You are all wrong. It's obviously, Monster Rancher.
all nerds play halo
Its Maple Story guys, God!
Pfft
oh boy
the greek mechanism?
QI told me about that ages ago
Nah this is Everquest.
hey everybody
Or was it cracked
ohai weeping_pegasi82
I don't even remember
Both probably dari.
Yeah, probably
ohai weeping_pegasi82
Just got here, what is this?
08,01it's an ancient, 2000 year old automaton fo predicting eclipses and showin the position of objects in the sky
a mechanic computer
08,01it's amazingly complex
And no one knows where it's from yada yada yada
08,01and utterly fascinating
who's streaming and what game?
it's from a shipwreck
You are invited to guess what game is playing.
Is this Torchlight 2?
Shizu and DIablo, I think.
Applechip you are the first to...
ooooh, that analog brass computer they found somewhere underwater?
Nvm, Torchlight.
That's another point to Diablo in this guessing game.
08,01it predicts not only elliptical orbits, bu also the axis shift *within* those elliptical orbits
ah shizuka is streaming
Diablo: 2 Diablo 2: 3 Diablo 3: 4 Torchlight: 1 Warcraft 3: 1
I've never heard of torchlight 2 is it good?
Well, just wanted to ask you something
EY everypony
looks like a diablo clone
hi robotdragon9
08,01DaringDerpy: waaay beyond
hey robotdragon9
Goodnight everyone <3
It's made by some of the developers of Diablo 2.
So in a sense, yeah it kinda is.
ohai robotdragon9
bye MLP_Brovakiin
ohai robotdragon9
bye MLP_Brovakiin
Bye, MLP_Brovakiin :(
these people had automatic doors and vending machines too. and steam driven auto ballistae
08,01bear inmmind that his was before newton, galileo, kepler, etc.
And like practically everything in this genre, if you squint you can't really tell it apart from any of the others.
Wait, people can't tell this is TL2?
over 2000 years ago
never heard of torchlight 2
bye
bye Applejack2011
asswaffles
CK|Werk: The best guess so far was "Warcraft 3"
bye Applejack2011
i was eating chicken noodle soup during lunch today and after i finished it one of my friends dumped another bowl at my tray......i didnt want anymore :|
Meanwhile: That's kinda sad
somehow I expected shizuka to be using a big gun
I could tell just by looking at it. TL2 is pretty stylized, guys, and the pet window in the top left is a dead giveaway. O.o
even the music ;)
08,01aye
im studying the pelopennesian war and trojan war in history
and do u liek it robotdragon9 ?
IT'S ALIVE!!!
Michael yeah i always like history lol
hello everypony
brb supper
hi Dovah
ohai doctor_whooves127
robotdragon9: liek me :D
hi
ohai Dovah
hey Dovah
ohai doctor_whooves127 and Dovah
hi
13oh nice it autoidentifies items on levelup
So I went to go and find a definition of a word through google, I typed "Define" and the first suggestions that popped up where "Define YOLO" and "Define Bigot."
what game is this?
it tells something about the skill of the developers if a game from 1998 runs on a modern platform without a hint of trouble
Dovah: Guess.
Dovah: Torchlight 2
Dovah: torchlight 2
goddammit, guys, you're ruining the fun
Aww c'mon guys, it's no fun if you tell them.
yep
ah, im sad to say i've never played torchlight :(
We're trying to keep a guessing tally, guys. :S
that's a big spider
Dovah: Don't be, it's pretty meh.
Well, Meanwhile is anyway. I'm just having fun watching the guesss. XD
Equest... I mean Estheria. Yeah... <<
Very brief heart attack in chat there.
/me stares at ad with disgust
lol
You need adblock+ weeping_pegasi82.
^
No. Just point and laugh.
ITs the better solution.
??
am i lagging? noones posting
Chat's dead.
nope
im back
nope.avi
finally
yeah it is >_><_<
Wb robotdragon9
http://i.imgur.com/4xEuq.gif
wb robotdragon9
Meh.
i was eating supper
How was it?
microwave spaghetti.....its pretty good actually
I just realized I am hungry.
Microwaved fried chicken is the worst.
now I'm hungry
Just thought I would share.
13now you're making me hungry
I had microwave pizza. :D
be right back
hunger...ITS CONTAGIOUS
I had chicken pie earlier, so I'm good.
I broke my microwave oven a week ago :(
Hm. I dunno if I should be concerned. One of these days I am going to get a kick from Shizuka and the message will read "Stop making me hungry."
What's actually really good microwaved is a chicken club panini.
Barbetos|AtWork: IKR? :D
Toasted panini is best panini.
ANd chat is slow again
the micorwave spaghetti i ate was good but the meatballs were AMAZING
And chat is ded again. :D
yeah
who killed it?
last year my school had to get everyone out because a cheese meal was left in a microwave and caught fire..i could smell it in geography
Chat's a lot like an oap in a car atm, always stopping and starting with no real sense of direction.
http://i.imgur.com/AX7ik.gif
old men with hats
when you see one, you know there will be trouble
Michael: DAWWW
i like the chat better when its slow...i feel more involved
Moderate speed for me.
MOO
Moo
people ignore me in moderate speed chats
revives chat
im playing through 4 games currently and me too DaringDerpy
inb4 SB64 pops up out of nowhere
i don't talk that much because of my pet parrot
I wish I had a parrot. :(
you have to use the true name to summon it
11,02O.o
haha
SUDDEN SB64
here it is :D
11,02Mooo ^-^
SUPERBRONY
Moo
hi NewSuperBronyU
See, what did I tell you? :D
11,02O.O
hi!
ohai NewSuperBronyU
11,02Hai :D/
hi NewSuperBronyU
for once u finally showed up while im online
/me glomps robotdragon9
daw
ded
yep
welp i need to stop my from chewing on the cord
im playing through resistance 2, skyrim, mass effect 2, and ratchet and clank 3.
pet parrot
/me is just lurking in the chat
http://derpy.me/AKONM
muahahahaha
Michael: :D
Michael its soo cuuuute
I wonder what the intention of the artist was
Michael: only time trixie is cute
moo
robotdragon9: http://i.imgur.com/ZHsEu.png
the scar from my appendicitis has finally healed. for the last month it was being gross
Michael.....dang it....it happened again
yeah, it happens to me a lot :(
If only Rayman Origins had online co-op......*sigh*
Hope Legends does.
Bunny_Striker: http://board.everypony.ru/pony/src/133872179343.png
DaringDerpy: that's just not fair
WOOT i got a 100 on my first test in communications!
i would ask if someone wanted to play resistance online but im too lazy to get my system online.
Bronysith awesome
nice
Bronysith: excellent!
good job
just had a pre algebra test today....idk how well i did yet *shrug*
Bronysith: EXCELLENT. http://denver.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw1235_Discord_go_on.gif
AJIsAwesome: lol
well I fell asleep in world civ!
http://e621.net/data/10/4e/104e65a8d994205ea55004d7f4c13b04.png?1312272886
nice, Bronysith
Welp, guys, need sleep. See you tomorrow!
good night MadSurge
Bai MadSurge
Gnight MadSurge
im currently reading "mattiemo"
NIght, MadSurge :)
it's a good thing I only sleep in short moments during the day
bursts maybe?
Hi!~
bye
http://derpy.me/AYvA0
ohai Shadi
:P
hey shadi
hi
ohai Shadi
how are things Shadi
good. u?
going to sleep. good night everyone!
Michael play games and see if she can help me out in school
d
:)
Shadi: u new?
:D
Michael: Consult her about her personal problems and make her a better person.
gtg too
Bye, DaringDerpy :)
Yep.
have fun, bronies! :)
bye DaringDerpy
bai DaringDerpy
Bye,DaringDery!
Welcome to Bronystate! Make sure to read the rules. :)
Okee.
bye DaringDerpy
Shadi: well I hope you have a good time here!
Pretty sure i will!
when i first came here i didnt know this was a chatroom i came in and i was like "wtf what are these words on the screen"
my nick was pony*insertnumber*
Lol!
When I first joined I didn't read the rules. I did manage to learn how this site worked throughout my experiences here. :D
Hahaha! :P
^^
I didn't either...
Then I ended up reading the rules a couple months ago. :D
:D
When I joined I came for the new episodes only. Now, I come for the people. ^_^
:)
I only came here for the movies and ponies. Now I'm here almost everyday. :$
It's a fun place to hang out when you're bored. :D
i came from one video of youtube
^
Michael: Same here.
AJIsAwesome yeah me too. i just recently discovered the new "no vid links during stream" rule and it caused and incident with a mod
AJIsAwesome: You fell into the same trap I have. Seriously, this site should come with a warning. :D
Ballad of the Brony?
nope
AJIsAwesome lol i came from that video
Me,too. From the videos where the Bronies here reacted to derpy's first time speaking in the episode.
i came from video reactions
"OPEN THE FLOOD GATES"
Newfoals. Newfoals everywhere.
IKR? :D
looking at the amount of bronies in there i managed to know this site
so much gold
Wish I was here for the season 2 finale. 5000 people right? :D
Eh, I was a brony back in Feb '11. Just didn't get around to here for a lot longer, and didn't really stop lurking 'till April '12.
I'm actually a Pegasister,but i don't know of any sites where it's just Pegasisters. 6_9
Newfoals can't ruleforce.
i became a brony pretty much a year ago. i joined this site in december.
Shadi: Most of us consider brony a unisex term.
Okay. :)
i became a brony 8 months ago :)
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Story Updates September 20th (Afternoon)
got a comment from laserpon3! yay! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-dJGMx0HD4&feature=plcp
No non image links during a stream.
its a lot of images
technically
It's a video. -_-
made by 30 images per seconds lol
Go read the rules before you get kicked in the head.
am i spelling technically right?
do u read the rules=
So no links to pony-related music like 'A Long Way from Equestria' by MandPony?
/me slides
?
/me hops onto Nittany_Discord as he slides around the room.
/me bumps into Nittany_Discord "Ohai" :)
ohai Nittany_Discord
that song makes me feel sappy or had
If you haven't already you should read the site's rules and faq pages.
/me takes a dump in the caht and then leaves without anyone noticing.
chat
pony_8654: :S
Hi all.
That song speaks to my soul 6_9
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-dJGMx0HD4&feature=plcp
Y u do dis
/me dusts Nittany_Discord.
Do what?
Nittany_Discord: Holla! :)
/me glomps into Nittany_Discord
Nittany_Discord whats up aniki?
Okaaaay.....
Hiya Nittany_Discord~
Shadi: He's a mod here. We always do this. :D
XP
when it sings about the "child looking for love" i feel sad cause that sorta describes me in 5th grade
I've been here since April, but I'm here lot of the time. :D
Thanks for the dusting Meanwhile.
You're welcome.
should we tell Shadi of the "rule"?
What rule?
13so yeah
http://derpy.me/ly2He of course
13torchlight 2
13awsm
never ask for... you konw
o30
Michael: :D
Michael: id let her
know*
Thanks for streaming Shizu.
Shadi: oh, yeah. DOn't ask for ponies. Trust me. :D
Michael..... don know if i want or....
i'll die happily
Shizuka: Thanks for the gameplay footage. :)
Okay.
Thanks, Shizu! :)
thanks for the stream shizu
thanks for the stream Shizuka
Shizuka, thanks for streaming
I have Torchlight and Torchlight 2, but I just started Bastion.
Michael: :D
I got bored of Torchlight, now it lays unfinished in my steam library.
no stream?
i still need to beat deus ex
im reliving memories by playing ratchet and clank 3
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJFW7-hyWpE for the lulz
Oh yeah, here you go Shadi: http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2637/
I have quite a few unfinished games to beat.
13i think i eventually got down to level 75 of the infinite dungeon
The only time I don't finish a game is when it's boring.
im listening to hitler rage while chatting on bronystate :D
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Drawfriend Stuff #571
DAT POST
I have several unfinished games.
It's not really fair to them, but GW2 has sorta taken up all of their time.
hey
13i wanted to play pirates for stream yesterday, but scrcap wouldn't latch on
http://derpy.me/QRh7K quite scary
im kinda mad at a friend of mine who is a gamer, but seems to be exploiting the "degenerate" gamer stereotype in class. at my school us gamers arent that well respected...unless u play COD or such..
That must suck.
Also, ded chat is ded.
Deeeeeeeaaaaaaaaad.
yeah i cant talk too much about gaming with others in my school
Ded
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2okSis_wtls&feature=related
not many others to relate to
Deeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaad. Again.
ded
eeyup
hi
Have some chiptunes. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FIR4qgE95zg&feature=channel&list=UL
/me kidnaps robotdragon9 and thelonepony
Hello an
omg! D:
d how is everyone?
yo
ohai Lunac
*dragged away*
Do the MLP TF2 mods work in the Mann vs Machine gamemode/
how are things Lunac
I find it horribly typical that the strange botkiller weap I got on TF2 was a knife.
hi Lunac
I think I need a better irc app. it doesnt even tell me your here cades lol
Okay alexxm
Hello thelonepony
Gnight everypony HF!
hi
robotdragon so hows your first kidnapping going robotdragon9
Nightmke
Night, Michael! :)
Guess I can't wear my glasses anymore. Feel sick right now.
bye Micheal
alexxm free FREE ROBOTDRAGON
Lunac: Like what mods? If you're just talking models and weapon skins then yeah.
Ah, man. Hope you feel better, Nittany_Discord. :(
Lunac: I would think client-side mods would.
YesMeanwhile as I;d find it interesting watch ponies fighting robots
6_9
lol
Have some Super Mario Galaxy Music, I guess. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_p2qAE6xrBQ&feature=channel&list=UL
Not sure if no audio or I've gone deaf.
no sound
why no sound? :(
robotdragon9 come on it's fun you have to admit that
haha
2,14 better?
alexxm kinda sorta
There we go.
numa numa yay
Which one are you using?
Inb4 seizures.
What's tonight's schedule?
eeyup
Yay!
/me dances
yay
nightcore XD
Lunac: They basically do whatever.
:'D
there needs to be way more pony nightcore/hardcore
:O
AJIsAwesome do they do requests?
0_o
yes i know asking for more pony hardcore can be misinterprated
I'd actually like to see some Pony French House, we could tone down on the dubstep for a while.
i knew she does drugs.
Lunac if they do its in the vinyl scratch room
or is rhat just fir the films?
Lunac: Only when they say so.
If requests are being taken the streamer will let you know.
k
and they are not
i have one game that supposedly has a secret message against the main character in it ill have to look on gamefaqs again
she eats too many cupcakes
droidirc
yes she does
oh
o.O
robotdragon9 which game?
cupcakes with special frosting
No one simply eats too many cupcakes. :P
that frosting
Lunac the original "God of War"
Epileptic fit, go.
ill see if I can find a better one tonight
/me seizures
hehe numa numa
2,14 ebrrbrbrbrbrrbrbrbrbrbrrbrbrbr
whoa
robotdragon9 Oh out of my experience then sorry.:(
here comes another chinese seizure?
Lunac thats k
Hehehe.
hey all
100" projector?
seizure time
ohai Princes_Cadence
Flutterwonder please!
makes my entire room flash
tis AWESOME
LOVE ME CHEERILEE!
wring 1 aj that 1 isint me
so no stream?
?
Dark92En|gma: yes stream
Refresh Dark92En|gma.
film?
Ok i will
IT DID
super/
woah
??
hi
Caramel can i request
is NewSuperBronyU there?
You cannot.
yo
BATMAN TAS!!!!!!!!!!!!
Batman!!!!
Yeah! More Bamtan!
Because it's time for Batman.
ohai batman
Oh
oh yes batman
Yay batman TAS!
hello :)
hey eldude
:)
yes!
this is old
I'm Batmare. 6_9 :D
So is Morgan Freeman.
oooh batman the animated series
how did they get up there
has anyone seen the Zubatman spoof of the opening? pretty good
i havent been watching the stream
:D
popout
/me I'll stand heeeeeeeeeere aaaaaaaaaaand poooooooooose
Oh what the heck am I saying? This series is the bomb. I should reserve a mocking name for one of the weaker series.
why no credits?
LOL
i guess im gonna leave now see u guys later.
poison ivy!
Batman doesn't need credits
Byee robotdragon9.
ah
Inb4 Pamela Isley.
oh wait, i have to go eat dinner D: brb
Credits are at the end
bye robotdragon9
poeion ivy
haha
posion*
Derp!
bai now
Poison*
Her propose is to.......you guessed it, take over the world
hooray, shovels!
and there 2 face
Shadi: they've done it b4 it wascool
cool*
:3
the poor plants
"Better, safer gotham"
Sheme she's trying to kill him as theres alot of Two Fac/Posion Ivey fic out there
ha ha
Dark92En|gma, one of the reasons I liked this show is that the villains aren't that cliche'd about their motivations and intentions.
that irony right?
Implying Gotham is ever safe. Seriously, how many nutcases are there in that city.
that has to be irony...
''Better, safer Gotham'' MY ASS
Kandarihu: i agree
Enough of them that they need an asylum.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! :D
get to da....nah
Fair point Nitt.
ello everypony :)
Kandarihu: what was the weaker series you were trying to talk about?
Hihi!
Bat-turbulence.
good alexxm, you?
"We're home free". *Batman* No yournot idiots
The Batman, anything Silver Age
Lunac: you're*
I like Harvey/Pamela
i remember when this was on my country, in the Warner channel........it was dark, serious, it was THE BOMB.
soz Meanwhile
Dark92En|gma: ^
I'M BATMAN
that's super awesome!
Best batman iteration till nola
RaNdOm DiScOrD
ha
I'm your worst nightmare!
EPIC
your worst nightmare? your not freddy
I'm your worst nightMARE! :P
you're*
AJIsAwesome :D
XPPPPPPP
aww <3
Mfw pictures.
D'aaaaaaaaaaaaaw
censorship!
oh my
OKAY OKAT BACK
Ohhhhhh MYYYYYYYYY
DEM PERVERTS
Nope.avi
Yo everybody.
whoa. thats awesome
ohai The_Engineer
that was fast o.o
he does good nopes and eeyups
Batman spita
hi The_Engineer
how are things The_Engineer
hoi The_Engineer
I eat fast XD
ded
And so did his lunch.
I WANT the same he has
derpy harvey
get it?
hey harvy, can i finish that?
i'll take what he's having
twilight_sprinkle: big Mac must've taken some good lessons from him. :d
lol
Dark92En|gma: he had the special
i'll take what he's ha----forget it
Isn't that the district attorney? Priorities lady!
twilight_sprinkle: yours was better
DAT DONUT
DONUTS
i have to do homework...
Why isn't that fat cop fired?
siiigh
AND SOME FUKKEN DIDDY DONATS
I'mma steal this doughnut 'fore I leave. LOLZ! :D
Don't fack with the colonel.
pizza
under a microscope
DAT PIZZA SAUCE
sos
SUS
By the way AJIsAwesome....what did you meant with ^ ?
''^''
So he steals it
Mousse.
Dark92En|gma: ^ means that I agree with your comment or the comment above.
BLISTERS ON THE FINGERS
wee
Muppet show Swedish chef!
That detective is very angry.
he beat his highscrore
AJIsAwesome Oh, thank you
G'night everypony! :)
I think you guys are ahead of me
bye GilDash
BATMAN?
GilDash: NIght! :)
Night GilDash.
bye GilDash
Bye gildash
weeping_pegasi82: where are yoU?
THIS IS BATMAN?
Yep
no its their original character, matban
The_Engineer: YES, the classic Animated series
AJIsAwesome: I'm in utah
weeping_pegasi82: No, in the stream. :P
dat women is a spy!
dem val pictures
Are you a SPY?
Val pictures.wav
You should get some sleep I'll walk you to your car. Smooth Wayne smooth
AJIsAwesome: oops :P it's just before the detective said mousse some guy in the chat said it
AJIsAwesome: DAS RAISIN
black in the beauty
AJIsAwesome: :D
By the way adjeca, he/she is gonna be selling it if you want it
twilight_sprinkle: :P
so this is why two face hates posion ivy
.....
alexxm: Pretty much.
AJIsAwesome DAT'S RACIST. :D
Dark92En|gma: :P
/me kidnaps AJIsAwesome
AJIsAwesome OH you were sarcastic :D
6_9
wait what?
Alfred researchs a beautiful smart sexy woman and still has an abjective deadpan face. Alfred ftw!
Alfred's probably been in bed with several better looking women at the same time.
Meanwhile: all with that face
shes torturing that flower, get her!
BUFFER OF DOOM
DAT BUFFER
PANIC
EVERYONE PANIC
MEDIC
http://i.imgur.com/lzVWP.jpg
DOCTOR!
/me is hypnotized by buffer
/me AAAAAAAAAAAAA
Most fanfics have his shacking with Hipoloytia, (wondr woman's mother) during WW2
oh yeah i noticed
GIVE IT THE INTERNET, STAT
Bronysith: :D
So many pings. :D
I am AFK now. May not respond.
4cc of ram now
hory sheet, it buffered so hard my page crashed
2,14 that scared me
2,14 I thought my internet died again
ValtheJean: what happened?
Your internet's been very glitchy of late Val.
dingadingding
2,14 had a bit of a hiccup it seemed
to the batbuffer
/me draws a ZuBatman :D
ding-a-ding..........hey, there.....FREEZE!
I love how the buffer is circling his arse lol
Dark92En|gma: *Dog raises front paws*
going through all of my plushies now
/me Will Batman break free from the buffer?
That must be quite a task, eh? :p
/me TUNE IN ......RIGHT NOW
lololololol.
Great, starts working in time to see attack of the giant vagina plant.
Thank you i'll be here all week
so tired...
And a whole generation was put off gardening forever
DAT SONG DISSONANCE
oh god poison ivy
so hawt
And a bitch
dat laugh
<_<
Bloody hippies.
epic mood shift
Poison Ivy x Flowers
Mad woamn
nap time?
Poiwers!
Talk about a kiss of DEATH
05ITSA PAST MIDNIGHT
How about boot to the head.
Dark92En|gma: YEEAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH
05AND IM STUCK WATCHING MYTHBUSTERS
Talk about a KISS OF DEATH
05ITS FANTASTIC
i took a 5 hour one yesterday. wasted my day.. >.<
Oh, chat derp
05and yes i am Bronysith
Mythbusters <3
DAT KICK
and kick
Posion Ivy the only woman with botantical mind control cooties .
Poison Buffer
buffer
Still circling his arse
/me Will Batman break free of the buffer?
2,14 grrrrr....
Erryday ahm bufferin
:D
05öpve you Caramel :D
/me Will Poison Ivy fullfill her desire?
05love*
Dark92Engma Bat buffer replent of course!
2,14 <4 wrek
2,14 <3*
/me TUNE IN.......NEXT TIME.......WHICH SHOULD BE RIGHT NOW
Wrist-crossbow.
I like that you both failed to get love right.
hidden crossbow years before assassins creeed
Who the heck wears ORANGE lipstick?!?
People who like orange lipstick.
Dat face.
lololololololol
Not the flowers! :'(
DOn't save her. :|
her babies are burning!!!!!!
Doctor, "Mrs Isley we can save either you or the plant...".
batman wants weed
She is seriously loony.
He wants her weed. :D
The bottle or the weed.....what's it gonna be?
flower fetish
Meanwhile: she was tested on with plants and such, she is linked with them
<.<
And your girlfriend is now in a mental asylum.
Bronysith that hasn't happened yet, as it stands she's just a hippy.
lol
batman?
arkham asylum <3
cowvarkian: YES
Home,sweet home.
agreed Bronysmith
WE'LL BE BACK
Dark92Enigma: >.> whats with the allcaps
or are you batman
:O
:o
<.<
Dark92Enigma Thanks for the mental image of Schwegger in Posion Ivy drag saying that line...ewww
cowvarkian: no, doing it outta nowhere
Dark92Enigma: ok then
Neurotoxin is magic.
Lunac: sorry
wow :D
MORE Batman? :)
EPIC THEME AGAIN......
Lunac: hmm
BOOM
It's okay Dark92Enigma I've seen worst
:O
Lunac: I can imagine
Shadi: yep!
Cinema Snob reviews weird shit
I'm gonna kick your ass
who's streaming?
PAWNCH
cowvarkian: caramel I think
I'll stand here and poooooooose
cowvarkian: Caramel is.
Batman poses like a baws!
AJIsAwesome: makes sense
Batman earns +5 style.
what was the title? i missed it
:S
The Underdwellers.
idiot kids
DAT ACTING.
i thought Gotham had a monorial not actual trains
morons
SCOTALOO
Kids these days
Meanwhile: thank you
You're welcome.
<.<
WHOEVER FALLS, IS SCOOTALOO
:|
Hello everypony
see, i did it better
I knew you'd scootaloo out
:D
Hi! Yay! A Miku fan!~
fried scootaloo
:O
And the moral of the story is: Don't be an idiot or Batman will beat you.
^
Fry? He'd of hit the bridge not been electucted
alexxm: Good. You?
/me You played Scootaloo long enough........you fry
Green Arrow jnr
oh this is were robin comes in
lol
<.<
"Leprechaun" :S
leprachaune
weeping_pegasi82: no spoilers
sorry
LEPRECHAUN
What is this, the first episode or something?
Good morning BronyState. :)
Green ARROWS BASTARD CHILD
Dark92Enigma: it's only a spoiler when you revealed it to be
damn caps lock sorry
Hi, AdamTheDuck :)
how are things AdamTheDuck
a blind cop?
Hi AdamTheDuck
SUDdENLY EYES ARE SHUt. :S
HEY........FUCK YOU, LUCKY CHARMS
/me no one will get the reference
dat old radio
Dark92Enigma: *epic gasp*
:$
if we cut the leprechon will lucky charms spill?
Dark92Enigma: I did.
cowvarkian: oh, it's ok
Batman, "He's after my lucky charms!".
crazy you dress up as a bat so umm im not going to answer
he doesnt believe the man dressed as a bat saw a leprechaun?
Yes he does
dem kids........
It was obviously just a small kid in a hooand cloak not an irish demon, (leprechaun).
Poor kids....:'(
:(
Yay for Child slavery
dat child labor
:'(
:)
lunch time?
dinner?
yay, mushroom farm
TRAIN!
mushrooms and druged kids... screacrow?
nope
Oh, there going to hell, I see now
I CAN'T HEAR YOU
Oooooooooooh
Lunac: Chuck testa?
sewar gators
Seen and not "herd"
mordocs?
*morlocs
you you you you you
yew yew yew yew yew
rule # 1 You should not talk about the past A Movie
you you you you you
I dueeeeeeeeeeeew
Did some one mention fite club?
Oh...*Runs off and doesn't return* see yah later, fucker
So.......How 'bout them Wonderbolts?
inb4 morlock
"I am the night."
Barbetos|AtWork: i did.......but that man reminded me of it
Shadi: I like the Shadowbolts better
Sewer king........Hey Arnold HAD ONE too
Batman says F*** your sewer gates.
Shadi: i like them
:)
Dark92Engima all cities have sewer kings :p
dat trap
Deadlypon3: ikr
6_9
Deadlypon3: oh, good to know
so whats your cities sewer king like Deadlypon3
the big cities must have entire sewer kingdoms....
OH SHIT
inb4 he dies
and empires
:O
ded
Nope
CHUCK TESTA
He keeps calling up from the gutters for some nutmeg and 20 dollars...think he's slender
OPEN sesame
kidnapping!
Kid has taste
huzzah, kidnapping...
A man who dresses as abt and kidnaps and hypotnises young boys
cowvarkian Nah, kid's just tired
Deadlypon3: that too
ITS THE MST3k DOOR SOUND EFFECT
IT IS!
alfred i brought home another child fetch the robin costume
knows nothing of children... raised bruce banner
"Master Leprechaun" :D
/me Perhaps, if i act a little more like Shatner
Some one need s to make a gif out of that. :D
swag
Cowvarkian one of the most excellent men of gotham 'I know nothing of raising no babies!"
AJIsAwesome: alfred makes my day
Swaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaag
How about LUCKY CHARMS
Did Alfred just punch him? :D
tanq him!
*tranq
Batman kidnaping small boys.. sorry bit this is wrong
DAT MEAT
A-NO, you want my lucky charms
:P
No i want the gold
Oh, and the guy enslaving children isn't WRONG
OH, yeah, THIS isn't creepy
I'mma brb.
CARE????
I'm sure that kidnapping is better then enslaving
05also
05next time i meet any of you
Proooooooooooooooooovide and provide Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaam
05we gotta do an ice bath
HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAM
dat synchronized crying
Ice bath?
05see who can hold their hand udnerneath the longest
here's some of the larger plushies http://i.imgur.com/GkGV8.jpg
Oh. :D
Deadlypon3 i never said Sewer King was wrong just I expected batman and alfred to be better
05first to remove due to the pain pays for the drinks
..."Uhm sure, we could just get some food when were up there"
SPOOOOOOOOOOOON
Lunac Your looking way too deep into it
trollface
alfred doesnt know how to child labor
twilight_sprinkle: :D
05who's up for it? :D
CHARMING
Bring it Wrek
It's just batman found a kid who's a tramp and took him in
Deadlypon3 they could have put him in a police cell for interrogation.
oooooo weapons!
om nom coolie nom
Lunac ...Sounds great for a kid
*cookie
this can only end well
NOT THE EXPLOSIVE NERF GUN
so this must be the whole i am vengance thing
Lunac better than a massive mansion
http://cheezburger.com/6592015104
"That's why I keep a room full of guns"
Deadlypon3 it would have been less creepy
"Cause I NEVER had a trauma with guns"
EVIDENCE
evidence.
with BGM MUSIC INCLUDED
"BEATDOWN"
"EVIDENCE"
"TRAP"
I think that is the scene MLP FIM referenced
ring the bell, ref!
children i mean evidence
Dark92Enigma: When? :S
how the hell you train crocs like that idk
Oh, two regular gators
AJIsAwesome: when Diamond Tiara blackmailed the CMC with the pictures
Yah know, batman fought a GIANT CROC-Man
Dark92Enigma: Oh, okay.
This isn't really that horrifying
sewerking is best king
JESSSuus
Batman sures knows how to lasso. :D
DeadlyPon3 this was probably before that
AJIsAwesome: cue flashes and black&white pictures
Lunac Irwin died by jellyfish
YEEE-HAW!<_<
Sting ray
Not jellyfish
AJIsAwesome: maybe Batman's been workin on the apple farm :D
AAAAAAAHHHH
Sketch_Toku_Brony: IKR? :D
XD
Deadlypon3 I meant killed by a wild animal
PUT HIM DOWN.....NOW!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
*Cue Tarzan reference*
It goes in par with PUT THAT COOKIE DOWN NOOOOOOOW
Wrong warp pipe, Batman. :D
batman failed his spot check
test
And I say heyayayayaya everypony! :P
If that kid becomes a Robin I wouldn't be suprised.
AJIsAwesome: AaaaaaAaAaAaA
Hi, Ponies47! ;0
*:)
http://cheezburger.com/6583088896
how are things Ponies47
Hi Ponies47
hi Ponies47!
hi Ponies47
Dark92Enigma: I like that Vocaloid song.
Ok alexxm. You?
i will teach you..... ALGEBRA
BELOVED CHILDREN!? possible bad touch!
cros: OM NOM NOM
NEVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEER
ded
i'm good Ponies47
Well, Okayt
Now I see why he never makes a return.
THERE IS TOO MUCH HAM ON THAT SEWER KING
lolz
or not
TROLOLOLOLOLOLOLO
Neeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeevaaaahh
fnmfhgkegklghdoghuikrhbuikejhgisfhifjbznfnhbfhgiorhyryioeoryoeritjyi594uy9045y904uyjeyihhkrldjfbkhbfiok!
later. like a baws
cya latter allagator
Oh, it's Joker's half brother
AHAHAHAHHEEHEHEHEHOHOHOHAHAHEHHOHOWHOHOHO
6y 6tyh
Seiously, he needs to work on his laugh. :D
batman MAD
:D
WHAT? YOU
theres always a train when someone falls on tracks
feed him to the train
What......you.........I can't finish........my......sentences........
inb4 tim burton batman?
WHY??!!
finally borderlands 2 for uk bronies
Never temted to kill the joker but is for a kidnapper
well he got used to it fast
The light!
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Poll Results: Favorite Luna
Chrysalis|BL2: have fun
The joker who killed hundrds? Naaah
THE LIGHT! LIGHT IN GOTHAM CITY!
W-Wait, they had parents/
lol
WHERE WERE THEY!?
no light in Gotham just the bat signal
http://media.photobucket.com/image/recent/thechairman45/RobotnikWHYsig.jpg
Deadlypon3: who said parents
Gotham has daytime, weird
Deadlypon3: conveniently hiding?
DeadlyPon3 sewer king has gators
not that kind of light
GAAAAAAAASP :O
0_o
<.<
:O Dafuq is this? :D
oh look its this vid again
YES
Caramel streaming?
:D LOL
this confuses me
Lul, zoot
probably
:D
Yes
Bun a zoot?
bufferbufferbuffer back
http://cheezburger.com/6575170560
d
?
lawl
:O
:O :O :O
So many questions I am never going to ask...
lol
With the exception of this one: What is WRONG with humanity?
SO MUCH RANDOMNESS
:D
Lasharus: so many things
uhh...what did i just watch? lol
Man y things.
Video Explanation: Pinkiepie.
:)
ANOTHER BATMAN???
BOOM
Has it ever been daytime in Gotham, out of curiosity? :P
Yes
YerperDerp.
/me I'm gonna kick your aaaaaaass
My sister randomly showed up and was like "Hey it's midnight and I'm making chips, come have chips" so now I'm eating chips. What did I miss?
/me I'll stand heeeeeeere aaaaaand poooooooose
Meanwhile: Nothing much.
That walk cleared my head.
That's not how you spell PMV. :P
Ah, here's a good episode.
P.O.V. Point OF View------i know you were sarcastic AJIsAwesome
Dark92Enigma: :D
:[
WOMAN DRIVER dead!
Rashomon Animated, this episode is. (ob Kurosawa)
INB4 THE RASHOMON
follow the donut crumples
.......................................
:P
Burtman
Wow, slow down keep eating all that food and you're gonna have a wicked bad tummy ache!
i like bulock
GRAAAAAAAAAAGH!
Commisisior Gordon is never oing to let this accusation fly so shut up fatso cop
Ponies47: Still want to try Mann Up?
that's cool haha
>_>
whoa that was creepy
?
o-o
LOL
well done
TaIlSdOlL
This is obviously a lie
villan seneses tingling
Tails Doll never scared me.
That cop has never been this good
FREEZE MAGOTS......>_>
At anything
>_>
I hate tails doll
Nittany_Discord: Later tonight most likely I hope. We gotta see what TOY_PON3, cuddly, and the others have planned and such
PAWNCHH
LIKE if THE COMMISSIONER has done ANYTHING
Bullock has had problems with the Bat from day one. He feels that only cops should be crimefighting-- and that Batman is an outlaw. (Which, technically, he is.)
WHAT ARE WE WATCHING EXACTLY?
meh. Slendy's waaaaay cooler and creepier. But TD is,well,too ADOWABLE!!!! X3
Hello again lord Dari
Batman, the animated series.
Dark92Enigma: Batman: The Animate Series.
Ohai
thx
Not too late I hope. I don't stay up past 11 PM.
How are you doing?
One of the best western animation ever, by the way.
Kencolt: You were talking to DarkRainbow
I Wanna hug Slenderman
seems legit
Missed a tab, Dark92Enigma ...
Pfft. Cool story detective.
Kencolt: no problem
OBJECITON
:| Trixie power
OBJECTION
*objection
THIS IS MY STORY, ER, INVESTIGATION~
What a story, Mark.
OOOH BUUURN OFFICER!
Cool Story, Bro
XD
DarkRainbow: He'd hug you back....Then rip out your organs,impale you on a sharp branck,put them in plastic bags,and place them back into your body. :)
........
oooh
XDDDDD
XD
Very good
I know the pasta.
:O
We actually are on at the same tone this time XD
wat
DarkRainbow: Is it delicious?
*time
Car......
So Batman knows how to sparkle?
Batcaltrops.
How are you?
hey ever pony!!!!!!!!
Hahaha, yeah unlike yesterday. XD
And I'm good thanks
every
Have you ever searched der grobbman before? It's the actual story behind the real Slenderman.
....so basically the cop is an idiot who can't recognize when he's using gadgets
Hi, QuinnThePegaSistta
AJIsAwesome: SPARKLE SPARKLE SPARKLE
IT'S A CREEPYPASTA! You shouldn't eat it
Soooooo....... I LOVE PINKIEPIE!
hey AJIsAwesome
hu QuinnThePegaSistta
hello
Dark92Enigma: YEAH SPARKLE SPARKLE SPAKLE
I LUV DERPY!
how are things QuinnThePegaSistta
CK|Werk: Be fair-- it's dark and the guy is new.
things are good alexxm
When does mlp come on? :3
When it does.
^
okaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
2,14 "My officers aren't liars"....except for boles
6_9 <-----Derpy!
Caramel: :D
Dat Boles.
Caramel: Inorite
bullock is lieing
WHEN it does
:P <-----------
:( < Uhhm.... I don't like this show...
Makalalovespinkiepie: they've done the derp eyes b4 it was cool Shadi
Bullock likely believes what he said. Again, he really dissaproves of the Bat-- at least at this time in the story.
Batman?
At least you and I had a conversation going, albeit inefficiently
>_> < c'mon fluttershy!
Caramel Dat Officer Boles.................
Drill Batman!
Big daddy drill :O
:|
hi.....i like pinkiepie :3
Anypony know about JtHM?
HIS DRILL WILL PIERCE THE HEAVENS!!!!!!!
I brb
looks good Adjeca :]
>_>
Batman: THE DARK KNIGHT RISES AGAIN!
Makalalovespinkiepie: Welcome to Bronystate!
AJIsAwesome: you get 1 internet
Yay!
Hey I'm new too.....
Thankies!
AJIsAwesome: you beat me to it
(BRB)
I'm thinking of just leaving irc on on my phone all day now
Oh sorry DarkRainbow........
Then I'll never miss talking to anyone
DarkRainbow: Welcome to Bronystate!
Hah, fair enough
now im back
wb.
it's okay (p.s he's right next to me) XD
wb QuinnThePegaSistta
thanks
Welcome to Bronystate! Make sure to read the rules. :)
Gotham Police more corrupt then the Republican
tell them of the "rule"
DUCK.......DODGERS
XD
Darf14: :D
lol
huh what did I say?
:)
thelonepony: don't talk about flight club?
Darf14: Tab fail
lolo
*lol*
the other one of the "ask for..."
Darf14: AJIsAwesome was talking to me
Who here has read JtHM before?
;)
Surely he could have escaped from those buinds and the warehouse by now
Shadi whats it about
Lunac: He's probably waiting for info.
ba dum tish
DEM PUNS
BA DUM TSS
Lunac, the GOP is improving. The Democrats are entirely corrupt though
Bat hidden blade
LIKE A BOSS
Called it.
Still as hardcore of a brony?
XD
Well,alexxm,it's about a Homocidal maniac named Johnny.
oh i think i heard of that Shadi
WAZUUUP
Lunac Batman's a descentdant of Ezio?
Kandarihu the Democrats want free health care so their alot better then republicans
Why do they never disarm batman and take his mask off? Good help is hard to find I guess.
Plot convenience.
Sketch_Toku_Brony no thats Azeral
AJIsAwesome is there a quicker way to put some ones name in where your typing other then typing it your self
It's so awesome! I've read a lot of it online......I can't get it though......Uses F
Mine lagging :(
Well, I haven't watched an episode in a long time, but I'm still pretty involved in the community, our IRC has around 100 people in chat all the time
QuinnThePegaSistta: Use tab.
* F*** too much.
Lunac, free health care enslaves the population to the government.
AJIsAwesome how??
And during the live streams of eps I might have told you, we got up to 5000
no it doesn;t it;s free healthcare idiot
QuinnThePegaSistta: USE Tab......the key that goes above the Bloq Mayus
nice music
Batman, The Brave and The Bold....... FRICKING CARTOON NETWORK
Lunac, nothing is free.
QuinnThePegaSistta: Type something like Quinn and then push Tab. It auto completes.
the music fits with everything
Worlds worst aim, go.
dfghjkjhgfdsdfghjkjhgtrtyujmnbvfdrtyujnbv
AJIsAwesome: COOL!
:D
HELLLLLLLLOOOOOOOO?
batman!
who is you guys favorite pony?
Kandarihu the tax needed would be very small and means you don;t need to bribe docotors and surgeons to do their best to heal you.
:$
DarkRainbow: Hi!
Hi
DarkRainbow: i know that version of Batman
SUP!
Oh nice
whats up DarkRainbow ?
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Makalalovespinkiepie: -----> :P
:|
Poor guy, fell in the water.
DarkRainbow: and the intro is kinda cool, but it doesn't top off this one <-----
<RainbowStache> hi!
yesh.
3! 3 DEAD BODIES HA HA HA
"I know, I'll escape on a very slow huge ship! That'll get me away!"
Lunac, you really got sold a bill of goods, haven't you?
You've seen all the episodes so far, right?
Makalalovespinkiepie: Applejack.
I LOVE MY JOB
Well I haven't watched about half of S2
hey RainbowStache I have a firend on Gaia whos name is real simular to yours
He sure can sweat a lot. :D
Kandarihu no I'm just pointing out he bvious
Makalalovespinkiepie: Twilight Sparkle <3
Batlift
I also like Big Mac.
<AJIsAwesome> cool!
I do recommend finishing
:0 harsh
I really enjoyed season 2
BATMAN IS HARSH
Lunac, you honestly think the tax burden of this is going to be low? You're obviously all for Obamacare, aren't you?
4! 4 dead bodies HA HA HA
Lots of good songs
DarkRainbow: THe dog is named Ace.
Kandarihu iti is over here
I luv them little tacos good.
Batman IS pretty harsh. He's far harsher than this toon.
<Dark92Enigma> I love TS!
Makalalovespinkiepie: i guess you used copy-paste
even you, fatty
<Kencolt> I havn't watched the show in a while.
Pfft, asskicked lieutenant.
DEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRP!
Makalalovespinkiepie: good to hear!
Oh, I see. You're living in Europe
I'm going to go. Bye
DarkRainbow: And in this incarnation, he doesn't have a dog until around Batman Beyond.
I dunno, I just haven't felt motivated enough to watch them. I tend to overexpose myself to things I like, then I'll get bored of it for a while before coming back to it
Kandarihu yes the free civilised world.
<Dark92Enigma> No....
JOHN WILLIAMS.......making everything epic
what we gona watch now??
TF2?
Makalalovespinkiepie: how come the < - > get in the way?
:(
<Kencolt> I watch Krpto the Superdog.
Makalalovespinkiepie: in that case, i believe you
:)
Lunac, the government practically owns your soul, then.
MUSIC VIDEO!
Adventure Time?
They can control you with that free health care.
Also, we should have definitely have a Skype group with all the old members from here and spyrochat
:P
My ears! Dang had it up a bit to loud. :$
o-o
PPG & MLP:FiM FTW!
<Dark98Enigma> i dont evn know XD
I love this PMV <3
Makalalovespinkiepie: it's ok
Me too.
PPG And MLP FIM For the win indeed.
That would certainly be fun
nice pmv
Kandarihu: It's always going to be one organization or another. If not the gov't it will be a few corporate entities and their main backers.
The hard part about that is organizing it
night guys
Music...... ahhhh....
<Dark92Enigma> X3
Getting people to come
<3 RarityxSpike <3
APPLEBLOOM
FTW!
Kinixys, even if it comes down to corporations running things, they'll at least be competing with each other for your money.
Hah, yeah I suppose
2,14 alright chat, you get to decide what happens next
PRESS X
Note: Being a moderater of somthing like a Steam group can sometimes can be a bit of hard work but it all pays off in the end. :3
Okay.
The scissors!
Kandarihu: Monopoly and Duopoly is not.
Rarityx Spike. Finally a couple that makes sence.
SHAUN
Sorry, flashbacks.
WHITE
Though it has the advantage over IRC of once you've joined, you don't ever 'leave' it unless you specifically remove yourself from the group
Hi
Hi, XylemTube! :)
So if you have Skype set to open on startup you're always on if your computer is o
Caramel......That Guy With The Glasses....Lyrics to Batman TAS
<3 Raibow Dash
Caramel: LoL
MLP PINKIEPIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ponies!!!!!!
Kinixys, what do you think the government giving free healthcare is? It's a hard monopoly.
:S
Caramel: What do you want us to do?
Where as people do tend to just forget to get on IRC after a while of not being active on it
2,14 or none of the above because you all suck
Caramel: jk,
/me sucks
Continue with batman!!!!
Caramel: arkham asylum
/me sucks too.
Killzone? I always wanted to see that
How about Arkham Asylum?
Caramel: arkham asylum
IDK.
I suck :(
NOOOOOOPPPPP
ScootaChicken: Go to bread
Dat disclaimer
I don't suck!.............right?
2,14 getting a lot of arkhams. So unless there's a huge protest against it, I'll set up for that
Nail, foooood.
/me insert Kurt Angle reference
/me gets his picket signs
brb
DX i dont suck >:(
but srsly im ok with arkham
Discord..... the god of Trolling.
wait...g2g. b back tomorrow sometime. :'(
twilight_sprinkle: That's a pick it sign, not a picket sign. :P
I don't suck......i swallow....just kidding
That is true
Whelp, my buffer disappoints me. I could fix it, but lazy.
Dark92Enigma: :D
Also, hi everyone
Lawl
AJIsAwesome: sowwy squidward..
Hi, Reikim! :)
Lawl/
Hello Reikim
Hey Reikim!
;)
AJIsAwesome: finally, i made you laugh twice tonight
INB4 "OMFG I HAT U GAIS ;______________;"
A NEW RECORD!
So what with me being minus a stream, could someone kindly ping me when and if Sumi decides to continue Gunbuster?
AJIsAwesome: that makes it up for the two lame puns from last night
Inb4 drunk crying.
Yep. :D
I don't even
Ahahahaha
What/
Uhhhh........ Discord, you're being weird again...... are you ok?
Testing....1...2...3
OK..........nopony got the Newsletter?
0,14Reikim, ping me when you get pinged when Gunbuster starts
/me Claps for Dark92Enigma "Congrats" :P
So I suppose this was a horrible time to jump into chat.
We're just talking about how Nail is an absolute wreck.
Makalalovespinkiepie Your test failed.
/me salutes
Indeed.
Luna is Hot.
Yessir Saxy sir!
Dark92Enigma: IDK. Need to check. Hold on
Nail?
SUDDENLY DWR_TF2
As in, DBZA Nail?
0,14thankee
To be fair though, one of my friends is like that too.
:I
Always the first one to get pissed at parties
Nope, been here the whole time in lurk mode.
Anyone play Minecraft?
Yes
DAT LURK MODE
im hotter >.<
A LUNA APPEARS WHAT DO YOU DO!!!!!!!!!!
Nail needs to drink less.
Yup
Who is Nail?
lol
YESH
And maybe you can guess how he got the nickname 'piss drinker'
Reikim: ScootaChicken
/me is, once again, lost.
Did he once drink piss?
Well, twice
Minecraft is awesome<_<
But on the same night
Twice?!
Hahahahaha
Very amazing....
I pissed into a can
6.9
ScootaChicken? Isn't he the perpetual jailbait?
And someone else had pissed in a bottle
im on minecraft now :)
lol
And you gave him both?
6_9
And one friend of mine offered him a 'drink'
Dark92Enigma: Nope
From first the bottle
Then later the can
AH BUFFER
Caramel has minecraft. LIKE EVERY PERSON SHOULD.
And got him boths times
No newsletter for me
XD
That is all kinds of tragic.
both*
me neither
Yep, so he swallowed my piss.
LAAAAG
...
WHY BROWSING!
You know, I almost would have preferred to STAY lost on this one.
The last time I was at a party where something like that happened the drinker in question was sick all over himself then passed out in the kitchen.
Lawl
dat Ponies47 :3
HOLY SHIT TEH LAG
He literally woke up crusted with vomit, it was highly unpleasant.
You've known everyone longer, I imagine you have more ways of communicating with everyone
Buffer show starting?
One of my other friends got drunk at 'piss drinker' friend's house (he was having a party)
:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:'(:S:[<36_9>_><_<
So he was pretty out of it
Every Day I'm bufferin'
And he was allowed to sleep on piss drinker's bed.
dat spam
so much fucking emote spam
No Luna emoticon :(
/me Slaps Makalalovespinkiepie
Emote spam
Did he chunder everywhere?
So piss drinker just spooned with him when he went to sleep
no spam please
No
Hah.
He pissed himself
2,14 alright...need a ps3 expert here
HAHA
All the way through the matress
To the floor
It left a stain on the floor.
Me: D:
Oh gawd.
for?
And that's piss drinker's bed
2,14 for some reason, it keeps registering my controller to my faggot roommate's PS3, and not mine
:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:'(:S:[<36_9>_><_< YEEK
He has to sleep in it
Drank piss, sleeps in piss...
Oh, and of course he was spooning the other guy when he pissed himself
DarkRainbow: Knock it off :|
Oh my god.
2,14 how do I get it to assign the controller to my ps3?
sorry for dat spam.
Ponies47:WHY U SLAP ME!?
Caramel: Try holding down the PS3 button on the controller, it may bring up a menu about transfering between systems.
I'm not sure.
Makalalovespinkiepie: Because you we're a bad pony. Do you want the newspaper insted?
0,14Hmm, have you tried using the sync cable?
Yep, not sure what it is with my friends and piss.
^
...
I think there's maybe a button on the controller that lets you sync it.
0,14Like, link your controller with a sync cable to your PS3
(Slap makalalovespinkiepie)
The less said about that the better I think.
^
HOW DO I DO THAT?
Pomies47: D:< NO!
Of course it had already gone all the way around everyone in our year at school before it was even Monday
2,14 there we go
At least they didn't slap ME
/me Reikim has spent the last five minutes terribly bewildered.
/me dances a jig
Yaaaaay
0,14It worked?
XD
Actually
I would have preferred to have spent the last five minutes in bewiderment.
How do I do those action things like slap?
Greatly so.
Magic.
we dont know >_>
Nah
Awesome.
*Snort**Snort*
:)
I just lurk IRC
....Oh.
My.
Glob
I pity that guy dari.
dat LadyCanary
SUDDEN LadyCanary
I guess I need my Wings.
/me glomps LadyCanary
YAY!
OPIJFSDFKJSDFSDF BATMAN ARKHAM ASYLUM
OH MY GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOd
DarkRainbow: put /me before any sentence
Seconded.
(slaps)<Dark92Enigma>
Showin us some Gameplay?
Who is streaming and who must I love forever
/me uses /me
LadyCanary: Caramel
2,14 going to stop you right there
Hm?
Oh! Don't want to spoil this for myself so I'll see you guys later!
._________.
imma let ypu finish but
Well, he's renowned for being batshit insane, so no one gave him too much shit for it
2,14 judging by what you two have been doing over and over
Bye Kinixys
I think RDX has been showing up on the forum from time to time
resume
2,14 NO /me spam -_-
???
bye Knixys
Well, we all mocked him, but it was kind of friendly
must...not.../me...
So there's our way of contacting him
Makalalovespinkiepie: you know, on second thought, i should keep my fucking mouth shut
How, exactly, does one get a reputation for being batshit insane?
=___=
:D
Mocking as opposed to I dunno, jeering.
C'mon, wings. *flys*
Im so bored whacha wanna talk about X3
Bye AJIsAwesome, Lunac, thelonepony.
...Hey! I remember this part.
dat joker
Bye
How about watching the stream instead? :S
I saw a butt
By being batshit insane?
Batman Arkham Asylum on Bronystate! FINALLY!
Yeah, pretty much
Ooh, more Arkham Asylum!
that's what i'm gonna do as well
Youdon'tsay,jpg
But how does one come to the conclusion that a person is, in fact, batshit insane?
Ello
Hotdiggedydemon is going to Canterlot Gardens...
Lunac: it has been here before
Agh, just reminds me that I never finished my game
By knowing them for many years
A penchant for batshit insane actions ought to be apparent.
And realising they're batshit insane
*flys over makalalovespinkiepie*
Ponies47: really?
Dark92Enigma: Yep
Well, as an example
Dark92Enigm not while I started watching start of the year I requusted it numerous times,
He used to like just shouting "DUCK"
I swear, crossing my heart, flapped my hooves my sticking a cupcake in my eye that i'll never use the /me command!
Before swinging to punch people in the face
*and
Duck? Where?
Lul
VenHur: Why not? O.O
I guess not ducking was not an option.
XDDDD Oh god. That amuses me. Ceiling Batman is watching you scope
He grew out of that though
Me :what you want
He's better now
I guess if you didn't duck you'd get punched in the face.
Yep
DAT TAKEDOWN
So it was an option, just a really shitty one.
Very, very, VERY, stealthy game ya got there.
Because Caramel is going to spank me for all eternitys if he finds out...
DAT TROPHY :D
Rope-a-dope-a-dope
To be fair though, everyone has a reputation of some kind
Wait...... I GOTTA WATCH A MOVUE 4 DRAMA!
ok
His was being insane, mine was "this kid eats painkillers for breakfast".
Nice, Caramel!
He got off him
:P
PAWNCH
:D
FALCON KICK!
Bat night on Bronystate. :) My week is now good.
Joker, you're a freak.
...Ought I question that one?
Spider Bat, Spider Bat. Doing the things a Batman can
Asylum or City?
A freak of Nature.
Asylum.
Imagine Batman Arkam Asylum with MLP cast
aight
Hahaha, I thouht RDX fled the internet when ponies invaded? XD
Who do you think would play who?
Hmmm..... who would be Batman?
EDDIE <3
THE RIDDLER
Well there isn't really much to question
Oh, so Val isnt too far into the game.
LadyCanary you'd love Arkham City you get to see him
Lunac, Twiligh Sparkle as Harley Quinn
It's funny, the more challenges you clear, the more flustered he gets. :D
Pearly has returned
2,14 fuck arkham city
Guess he just took a lot of painkillers.
lol Kandarihu sorry but hats Pinkie;s role
2,14 I'll only stream it unless there's massive demand for it
:O You didnt like it Val?
Why?
Caramel: whats so bad about it?
Spike as Joker... okay, maybe not
Nah, it was just a joke that I didn't feel any pain
Are you playing this?
So they started saying I ate painkillers for breakfast
Caramel: But... [puppy eyed] Why?
edward nigma. i see what you did there
Oh, okay.
2,14 because it ruined the charming formula of dungeon crawler batman in replace of giant fight every walking shit you see batman
uhh
Just because "eats painkillers for breakfast" could also be construed as a drug problem.
Lawl
Indeed.
:) what's next?
not sure if thats funny >.>
Dark_Horst: Does my name ring any bells
If your watching the chat streamer, thankyou. :)
you're*
Dark92Enigma: why, whatever could you mean
I guess the remake being called "Armor Edition" isn't very encouraging.
Sorry Meanwhile. your a bit of a spelling nazi aren;t you?
The navy must have sent him back in
you're*
:D
moring bronies
Meanwhile I plead chat dyslexia.
Hi, Tiberium! :)
???
Dark_Horst: Edward Nigma.....Enigma?
Caramel huh now that ya mention it makes me wanna pick up Arkham Asylum
2,14 I'm an English major Meanwhile, yet I still understand that grammar nazis are annoying
Dat Global notice
Dark92Enigma: yeah, i kinda played at that
Dark92Enigma: YOU KILLED IT!
Cutscene!
yippeeee
Caramel: ...But...Tara Strong's...is in Arkham City...
laaaaaaag
Well Val that's a hell of a story but I'm going to keep doing it when I notice it anyway.
Dark_Horst: you should've used :P for sarcasm
Ooooh :3 SCENERYYYYYY
2,14 and her role is too small to enjoy it
Pretty
6_9 School house
God, that's fucking gorgeous.
brb
You know what Iwant to see? Batman and Crimson Chin Crossover.
2,14 and Meanwhile: if you get obnoxious enough you may be kicked
TARA STRONG is there <---------?
Looking forward to it.
Dark92Enigma: no, this is arkham asylum
Dark92Enigma: The SEQUEL.
AJIsAwesome: YES w/ Robin and CLEFT the Boy Chin Wonder :D
well, here's all of them, every single one http://imgur.com/a/N6Ros
Dark92Enigma: she's in arkham city
Sketch_Toku_Brony: Yep. :D
Tara Strong is in Lolipop Chainsaw too.
VenHur: Dark_Horst oh
batman and spiderman
XC
back
wb Ponies47
Lollipop Chainsaw is OKAY at best. The chainsaw gameplay seems slow and clunky bt it's still a good game.
^
Don't cause trouble Meanwhile.
doctor_whooves127 Google Spiderham
/me dives in
But it's a lot of fun, AJIsAwesome ^_^
I know the ending of this game.
I guess.
Darf14: Don't spoil it for people, then.
Dont spill it DarkRainbow
Nittany_Discord: Didn't cause jack, just saying I will continue to correct spelling.
Darf14: tab fail
I won't.
eeyup tab fail again :)
I can't. I don't remember it.
Is that Batmans answer to everything? "Stay here, I'll handle this."
dat bullet proof cloak
CONFOUND THOSE TAB FAILS! :|
AJIsAwesome: yeah i likr it alot,gameplay fun but a little meh though the writing is what i really love
Thought you said that you look forward to getting kicked.
Looking forward to the day I'm obnoxious enough to be.
Sketch_Toku_Brony: ^
MLP plz.
....they aren't very attentive, are they?
there should be a prequel where you control the joker breaking out of the asylum
2,14 meanwhile: it may be closer than you suspect -_-
AJIsAwesome: THEY LEAD ME TO UNPROTECTED BUTT FUN
Scary.
Dark92Enigma: :D
Caramel: I still appreciate Meanwhile's obnoxious grammar corrections.
Lunac: Interesting, what do you think of the idea Caramel?
<3 MeXRainbow Dash<3
Dark92Enigma euuu
there should be a sequel where you play joshua the shotgun-warden
Ok if you needed a new computer would you go and buy a new computer or just go get a Ipad?
Ponies47: COmputer.
Ponies47: computer
Hehe. Batman has pointy ears.
I wouldn't waste my time with an Ipad.
Ponies47: > new computer >ipad
very funny
LadyCanary: is batman an elf?
Ponies47: did you got the newsletter?
LadyCanary, indeed
Nope.
He's the night, sillies.
mmk
Ace should make his cameo in this game.
LadyCanary: ah, ok
HE IS THE LAW!
Just as I thought. My brother is a idiot. He's gonna get a Ipad for Xmas when he needs a new laptop more -_-
Dark92Enigma: Nope.avi
Ponies47: :S
Ponies47: an Ipad
The pipe could also have dropped from his corpse
Deadpool + Pinkie Pie + The Joker = ???
Batman doing it Badass.
VenHur =hell
hooligan batman and his explosive graffiti
Quick question, what do you guys think of Soul Eater?
Ponies47: let's see how long it takes him to notice that it was a stupid idea then
VenHur: Deadpool+Pinkie Pie+The Joker+Freakazoid.
Bronysith: I LOVE Soul Eater.
Batman talks to himself way too much.
Happy face
cowvarkian: Yep. That's more Apple (squee) in my house. He has a (squee)ing Iphone4 for (squee) sack already -_-
Dark_Horst: 5 minutes after it happens
i Never get Batman Arkaham Asylum for X-MAS......what the hell Santa?
ooohhhh. Batman in a building.
is there a reason batman always paints a smile with his explosive shaving foam?
Dark_Horst: I will keep a eye on that. He already has a Iphone4
oh god
6_9 I Don't know
he'S one of those guys
Dark_Horst: isnt it a bat?
I can see it now. Batman Generations starring Crimson Chin voiced by Adam West. :D
cowvarkian: dont think so
:S That's gotta hurt.
Dark_Horst: whatever you say george
Ponies47: if we don't get it for tommorrow morining, there won't be any lottery
Dark_Horst: IKR? I keep telling him get a new laptop insted because the Dell he ahs is (squee). It won't update adobe flash player and it needs that.
AJIsAwesome: Not likely though, sorry.
Dark92Enigma: :<
cowvarkian: let's keep an eye on closed doors and walls in general
Applejack= Batman. Why? Earth pony with no special abilities but built up strength and a decent intelligence.
*has
Lunac: so is joker pinkie pie?
I love one of those Arkham guards rain coat <3
Lunac: Good point actually.
Big Joker is watching you.
Ponies47: i'm using a DELL right now
Joker, the Freak of Nature.
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Comic: Trixie x Twilight / The Damage Fee / Ponies!!! / Benders vs Bronies / Gator Games
DarkRainbow: so, pinkie
cowvakian not sure either joker or Harely.
Dark92Enigma: His Dell is like 5 amybe 6 years old.
*maybe
pinkie?
Lunac: "decent" intelligence? batman is the worlds greatest detective
Lunac: However, they each doesn't kept the same accents or vice versa, they're different.
Lunac: I'd prefer joker being pinkie pie
Ponies47: i just got mine 2 years ago
Discord is too choatic to be joker. Joker always has a plan.
Lunac: so does Q... I mean discord
doesn't mean it works
I like that movie, too Joker.
Not beyond having fun
DEM EXPLOSIVES
<cowvarkian> I'm not Pinkie. I'm a peagasus.
Joker is so delightful in this game.
Trixieis The Riddler
Joker, that movie is between my favorites too
Lunac how about Screwball
Dark92Enigma: The point is. He needs a new computer. Now my computer NOBODY and I repeat NOBODY besides me is using that thing. It's mine @_@
And dat interruption.
Harley <3
Sketch_Toku_Brony i don;t know that pony soz
That's Tara Strong.
no
No.
It's only 2 weeks old so I'm keeping it away from everybody else
tara is in the sequel
Harley stop being so cute.
Harley is Tara.
Couldn't he just blow a wall in the ground and tunnel under? :S
Ponies47: what thing?
IN THE SEQUEL!
NOT HERE
*hole
It's Still sorken in this game Tara only did Arkham City
Dat interruption.
Dark92Enigma: My new desktop PC.
oh sorry. I didn't know there was a sequel.
Tara Strong's in Arkham City, people. Please get it right.
DarkRainbow you;ll love it
cowvarkian: see? no bat
Zero Punctuation does have a point about the Detective Vision.
In this game, Harley is voiced by the same "Animated Series" actress, who's name I can't remember.
my newest laptop already is infested with malware....
It's so bloody useful you'll usually play the game in permanent tones of blue-scale.
Ponies47: oh
...i want htat boom toothpaste
Fluttershy= Posion Ivy?
She was replaced by Tara Strong in Arkham City for no reasons given.
When is this gonna be over...... PONIES PLZ
/me Is sick of Apple products in his house
Happygas everywhere.
Ponies47: sell them?
http://badponyocs.tumblr.com/image/31817263844 fucking awful... heres the description "She is the daughter of princess celestia, is shipped with 3-4 different ponies, the main one being fancy pants, is best friends with the main six but is in constant b*tch battles with half of them all the time and is always the victim."
VenHur: HE SAID: ''Attack of the bumbling idiots who won't catch a bigger one dressed like a bat!''
VenHur no she left because she was bored withthe characater
DarkRainbow: WJem it is.
2,14 DarkRainbow: when's the bitching gonna be over......NICE VIEWERS PLZ
Bronysith: :S
Seriously, how do you do those "is" stuff
Caramel: good luck with that
cowvarkian: The I wil be dead
*will
Ponies47: yeah, probably
2,14 it's the fragile hope I hold on to
Dark92Enginma Also, "He may look like an idiot sound like an idiot but don;t be fooled, he really is an idiot"
Bronysith: dafuq?
Caramel: as we all do my friend
Batman head first into the wall.
^
/me sick
Lunac: Classic Joker
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m9sg1sc79m1rncbeqo1_500.png LAZY, "
Bronysith: we have a MARY SUE in our hooves
"Her name is Rubix apparently.Description: Her cutie mark is a rubix cube. She is the daughter of Rainbowdash.
magamblock :0
Bronysith: :S OC?
/me does an internet
WHY CANT PEOPLE BE CREATIVE?
Cut it with the RP.
Lunac: Batman don't want to use my heaad! [does it anyway]
DarkRainbow: :D:D:D:D:D:D:D
AND THAT OC has Twilight Sparkle's CUTIE MARK..............BITCH PLEASE!
/me gives everypony an internet
magmablock: uh huh...
Rainbow Dash has a daughter clever enoughto sole a rubix cube? pffft
...i fucking hate people
FALCON KICK!
Why?
Dark_Horst: thats fun
Dark_Horst sorry but you are a person
Dark_Horst: INCLUDING US? :'(
Hey guys
Bronysith: lol
Lunac: your point?
Hi, Obsidian! :)
FALCON KICK!
hi Obsidian
like douglas adams once said: people, in general, are a problem
/me is sick of having twilight explain physics
cowvarkian if she hates people she must logically also hate herself
HEY Bronysith ,LETS GET CREATIVE
twilight_sprinkle: NO.
JUST NO.
Lunac: their's this magical thing called self loathing
stupeed internet died on me for a sec
Lunac: "she"?
Got to love the Joker's Voice Actor. :)
Ceiling Batman~
DAT RECYCLED CRYING
sorry I get confused in chats Dark_Horst
LadyCanary: is watching you play solitaire
Lasharus: That would be Mr.Mark Hamill.
:P
Harley is talking?
I know.
It's sort of worrying, if I'm honest. If memory serves, Mark Hamill is also Luke Skywalker.
Somehow the two don't add up in my mind. :P
Lasharus: yup
Lasharus: yesh
Lasharus: luke skywalker is the joker
but yeah, seen what Bronysith is posting? it's days like this when facepalm just doestn describe it anymore
why do people even THINK of that stuff?
JOKER JUST SHUT UP
Dark_Horst: because humanity
Why should he?
Lasharus which character is worst? Joker or a child saviour into incest?
Lunac: ...WHAT.
lol
Lunac: Wut?
Lunac: i have no idea what you jsut said
Lunac: incest is a broad term
Joker vs Luke Skywalker
Dark_Horst: cause OC takes thinking and people dont like thinking nowadays
I what I meant
/me is looking at her boobs
ooohhhhh
DarkRainbow, sit down.
DarkRainbow: :S
The fuck is this thing? http://badponyocs.tumblr.com/image/29623843217
Dark Raibow with detective vision he can see through clothes.
Lasharus: well that's more specific
Have a seat right over there, DarkRainbow.
/me sits down
/me sets DarkRainbow on fire
magmablock: Mary Sue #30567
magmablock: WHAT is that? :S
magmablock: looks like...epilepsy given form of pony.
If I was a batman villian i would be eddward
DarkRainbow sat down, get the restraints!
/me burns to death
...oh.
Ah, the Riddler. Such a classy fella.
Well, that'll work.
Nittany_Discord: We're planning on Mann up Mode for tomorrow or Sunday.
get ready for a really horrifyin g answer
all these OCs
/me lives
LadyCanary: there were many riddler cosplays
OK Ponies47.
it's almost like the day i discovered flutterspin
It's not my baby
Wow, that was surprisingly dark.
that's not overly horrifying
hey guys im back!
just dark
Most of the villains in this game are... somewhat worrying. :P
....though being hardened by years of internet, that didnt even surprise me
Riddler sounds like a charming fellow.
dak but honest Meanwhile
Are we done with Batman yet?
"It's not MY baby..." Did anyone else got chills from that line?
Dark_Horst: ikr
Obviously not DarkRainbow.
Dark_Horst: indubiadly
No, stop whinning. :|
whining*
VenHur yes but no innocent ones
um hi???
DarkRainbow, why would we?
We weren't done approximately two minutes ago, and here's a surprise, we still aren't.
Ohi Makalalovespinkiepie
Lasharus: shocking
Astounding.
/me hugs raibow dash
synonyms
I FAIL
cowvarkian no the shock chair comes later
Cut it with the RP.
Lets try that again....
Lunac: that too
You're the only one doing it.
<Obsidian> Thanks 4 noticing!
Relevant: http://thechive.files.wordpress.com/2009/09/im-the-batman-full.jpg
There's an odd thought for you cowvarkian. Try to think of a synonym for synonym. :P
Listen to what the doctor is saying over the tannoy
DarkRainbow: It works like this. If you don't like what's being streamed then GTFO :|
Very important plotwise
Sorry.
lol dari
Well, that's a bit blunt Ponies47. Just 'don't watch' would be nicer. :P
Kermit is best Batman.
Dari ^__^
:'(
Seriously, thank you. :D
So much talking voices and recordings and audio fighting for the speakers!
WAZZAP EVERYPONY
/me Pats DarkRainbow on the head and gives him a cookie "Sorry. I can be mean sometimes. But just don't do it again. Ok?" :)
Hello SpeedyBolt
it's ok.
explosive cream topping
/me forgives
Lasharus: I can be a meany sometimes :<
Lasharus: synonym?
Call it a parting gift
2,14 damn l2 button was stuck
That's okay Ponies47.
and just like that, batman killed
Good night
Parting gift? :S
Oh.
Night dari.
Well that was brutal.
princess dairy
Yeah cowvarkian. The term 'synonym' is one that doesn't, in itself, appear to have a synonym that I can think of.
Caramel: you should do that more often
If it makes you feel any better Val, the comedic timing between the look at the detonator and the fist to the face was perfect.
"I'm gonna pulverize you!" (slowly boops Batman in the back of the head)
VenHur: no, I'm batman
So.......... /catches on fire
I Wonder when the Joker will die......
>Batman tries to be sneaky
*good
Feargas
>By violently ripping apart and shoving aside vents.
fargas
...Sorry...
VenHur: It's called a joke kick
It's not meant to be serious. :P
cowvarkian Scarecrow's FEARGAS
No one's stealthy like Gaston.
ill be back all majour connection issues here x_x
who here has heard of finnegans wake
Silly dari
go to bed.
W-Well...you startled me for a second, you ALMOST about to give me the ultimate heart attack...
No one looks sexy in spandex like Gaston!
Wait a minute, I phrased that wrong.
Wouldn't you imagine what you would doned?!
OH MAH GAWD
I hate everyday except for Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Y U KICK MEEEE!?!?!?!
DWR: Your face.
I hate Tuesdays.
You about about to destroy the man who likes tacos! TACOS, FOR GOD SAKES!
Every other day is fine by me.
Think of the TACOS!
Meanwhile Huh, didn't know you were a 7 year old.
DWR: your face is a 7 year old.
VenHur: DANG IT, now I want some tacos! :|
/me catches on fire
OH SNAP
Po-lice officers
:);):D:D:P:(:$:O:|:'(:S:[<36_9>_><_<
inb4 no spam
dat spam
IT'S ON NOW, SON!
RainbowStache: :|
IM ON FIRE!
Meanwhile your face is so fat, it looks like a butt.
dat enigma
/me still on fire
DWR: Your fat is so butt, it looks like a face.
:O
XD
You take that back!
/me slaps the Riddler
lol
Please dari...don't scare me like that again...I mean, for the sakes of Celestia, who'll gives tacos to anyone but me?
/me slaps DarkRainbow
DWR: You take that front.
So he did cheat, and was bitching about his father hitting him for...cheating?
/me kills makalalovespinkiepie
I gues so. :D
6_9
Enigma wasn't actually bitching.
Meanwhile I read that as "You take it from the front."
It is my destiny...to be one with the taco, because I AM taco!
:D
DWR: you and your one track mind.
Yep.
/me lives and shoots people in my sleep
Hellur
Just humouring a psychiatrist. Contemptuously.
Obsidian and due to the repeated beatings and cheating acussations from his dad he never told a lie sonce so had to cover them in riddles instead.
/me hugs Slenderman
Cut down with the /me, already. :|
Seems legit
...Thanks for listening...dari...
Hey SomePonyNextDoor
Sup
>Sees dead bodies
/me why?
>Told to remain calm :S
Makalalovespinkiepie: Because it's in the rules.
If you can't handle corpses don;t watch anything batman related.
Surgery........
Hai
hi SomePonyNextDoor
/me shant do that AJIsAwesome
It's a trap.
Oh, Joker
<Meanwhile> thanks :D
It's a trap! :O
But all in all, I just hates jokes, at first they were serious to me, but it's like a smack to the face, really!
Lunac: I was making fun of the game. :S
:'(
AJIsAwesome weird way of doing so
PAWNCH
I'm surprised that Batman is alive.
KICK
What movie is on?
Hmmmmm....
No movie, Arkham Asylum.
BOOM. HEADSHOT.
Blargh
HMMMMM......
PilloPoniPhone Batman Arkham Asylum
Dead.
Trixie x Twilight
Lunac: I was portraying an innocent person walking through that hallway and looking at the corpses.
Sup PEOPLEZ.
Meh.
Or.
Poniez
Low life.
hmm
Since where' watching a playthrough for us it's a movie
High Life.
There is literally zero basis for that ship
Playthrough.
Hello ThatCatThatAteYourPi
Sup Obsidian
<DarkRainbow> Your not being mean are you? D:
It's not even funny, which would have led me to accept it.
hi
ohai CCCP
hi CCCP
Hello CCCP
<Makalalovespinkiepie> no.
hi AJIsAwesome thelonepony and Obsidian
There is literally zero basis to treat Trixie as anything other than an arrogant douchebag
<DarkRainbow> okai X3
Precisely.
I Know, bro.
VenHur: Sory dude, take it or leave it.
sup
*Sorry
VenHur, lol
I do not even understand where, exactly, her legion of fanboys came from.
But somehow people seem determined to paint her as tragic or misunderstood despite no canonical evidence to support.
Hello CCCP
Riddler annoys me.
DAT SLOW MOTION
She's just a huge jerk.
'Sup everypony
Hi CCCP.
Hi MidnightTwinkle
Tiberium play C&C?
ohai MidnightTwinkle
hi Lunac and Nittany_Discord
hi MidnightTwinkle
:$ oh silly riddler.
What you guys favorite icecream :3?
whos playing?
Lunac, yup and ask me anything about CnC
Caramel
Where did that even come from?
omg
Obsidian
Ponies47: Yes?
Obsidian: Hi :3
Lunac, always happy to talk about CnC
I have seen some illogical fandom behaviour before but for some reason this one boggles my mind.
He's been playing for about an hour.
Ponies47: Hello
030
o3o
O3o
I dunno.
>2 seconds ago, talking like she had a gun pointed at her head (no pun intended)
Seth likes her, maybe that's it.
HELLO EVERYONE!
hi Yaplap
Tiberium just wondered given the username. what did you think of how they ended Kane's character arc?
Hey Yaplap
Thug in a box?
>2 seconds later talks completely normal
GUY IN A BOX
Yaplap are you real?
Hello Yaplap
Hello
Maybe.
Maybe...
SEEMS LEGIT Yaplap :|
hi Makalalovespinkiepie
I doubt it.
He's an effect, not a cause.
Lunac, you mean CnC 4?
We got another faker. :|
is this on Xbox360?
yes
:P
/me wants to kill the Riddler
Never did finish C&C4.
PS3
Yaplap proove it :I
A particularly annoying one, but still only a cause.
AJIsAwesome: Could be lowfn again trolling with us
X3
Wouldn't be the first time people wanted to be more like the people at the perceived head of their particular hydra.
Ponies47: Yep.
AJIsAwesome: You never know
It was so astoundingly bad that I decided to take C&C3 as the last bit and headcanon my own ending. :P
Yaplap?! THE fucking Yaplap?! OH MY GOOOOOOO- [3 days later] -OOOOOOOOOD!
Dark Mesa?
who's seen Shed.MOV?
Black Mesa?
VenHur: Seems like a faker to me. :|
Is this game really all that fun?
Trixie fanboys existed before Seth.
Dar,
>CCP< hi
MidnightTwinkle: I haven't
Its awesome
Oops.
(Also: YES SETH WE GET IT YOU LIKE TRIXIE SHUT UP NOW)
Hai dar
/me Slaps MidnightTwinkle "NEVER! Talk about that stuff here!" :[
DarkRainbow, yes it is.
ok.
True.
okay :(
Never Played it.
Arkham Asylum is very well made indeed.
I love how the mooks never think to look up
Damn plant
I don't know, perhaps you have to be a complete jellyfish who can't survive alone to appreciate that kind of personality.
plant is jokers best minionn
ikr the tourture room
I've gotta be heading to bed
torture*
Yaplap, are you truly real, or just another brony that wanted to troll us for our own amuse? :|
So I'm guessing they waste an immense ammount of oxygen before they pass out? :S
This game just requires stealth, I bet 100$
Good seeing you though, talk to you later! <:
:D
torture is fun stuff
VenHur: Go for the latter.
did i just say taht out loud?
Hia!
fuck
magmablock: You'd be surprised how often people don't look up in real life.
I tortured my sister Before.
It's a decent mix of stealth and combat DarkRainbow.
X3
More or less.
VenHur: He's gone
But speaking of Trixie
But yeah, stealth is heavily involved. As if it wasn't obvious from the stream already.
Joker.......
I have made it my goal to paint her far less sympathetically in this one project.
THE JOKER!
X3 ello this is Makala how may i help you?
0,14somewhat related
But I like puppies. :(
Ooh Scarcrow level
Right now I'm aiming at making her a deluded jackass.
SUPER PONY ADVENTURE LAND
Oh yes.
Face ALL the fears!
This part actually freaked me out first time I played through the game.
Thing is, I hate her entirely.
0,14but did I tell you guys that there was this one Trixie painting thing that went for about $600 at Bronycon's auction?
no..... torture!
did he died?
Redeemed, in the end - I can't do otherwise or I'll get raged at - but still a deluded jackass what
ZOMG
Saxy
O.O
Did that happen?
When she's a jackass, I hate her for being a jackass.
0,14yES
Hi this ia makala how may i help you?
0,14*Yes
This is Scary. I like it.
Awwww, Meanwhile
When she's not, I hate her for people trying to make her look not like a jackass.
Unconditional hate.
Not really scary, just creepy.
no torture only love and tolerate.
It's almost cute.
The atmosphere and look of this game is just perfect.
Whats up my bronies... Batman Arkam City?
I have watched so many creepypastas that this doesn't scare me.
Asylum
Well, it's moderately unnerving AJIsAwesome.
ok
No, Arkham ASYLUM!
But then, I'm a pansy.
She's a very particular kind of personality that I just despise.
sonicdude558 hai
Most people try to love unconditionally. Meanwhile hates unconditionally.
Caramel: Look at Batman's eyes
Lasharus: True
dat ps3
But it wasn't, was it Saxy?
Meanwhile loves sonic sonicdude558
CCCP: Nou.
Grmpf.
ohai sonicdude558 :3
Sonic?
Dem eyes O_O
0,14dunno, too far to tell, but it didn't quite look like him
Is he dead?
eeeyup
Blasted hyperactive hedgehog.
Meanwhile: murder him in vengeance
:D
Nuuuuuuuuu! Jim!
I only changes my nicknames for jokes whenever I feels like it, just want to clear that up.
:D Ponies47
0,14could've always been someone bidding for him
I just use it everywhere <.<
:3
wheres the-
o
:'( Jim....... no.
Shit. Going. Down
Please hang up your Batphone :)
Whut?
Holy nickname change Batman!
Better than Heavy Rain
The roaches pouring out of the floor...
That crap made my head go crazy
Norgue?
Ah yes, THIS SCENE.
buffering!
See? Just for jokes.
Shadow the Hedgehog?
Yeah. One of the freakier ones.
o
is it scary?
Shadow is an angsty, emo, idiot.
back all
heavy rain is an experience.
seems like it so far
With less than one dimension to his character, which is a neat trick.
wb Princess_Cadence
thank you
0_o ROOMBAS! Girl Scouts! MAKE IT STOP!
Heavy Rain, how could I forget.
"Wheres that damn 4th chaos emerald?"
:( I dont like that voice
DEM BODY BAGS
Hello corpse.
dafaq?
Allow me to quote Dr. Robotnik in response sonicdude558.
....SHIT
0_0
This morgue sucks.
[gasp] FATHER?!
"Enough of this nonsense!"
:[
MOTHER?!
Zombierific!
Do we dare?
The freaky part of the game
Wait a second....I think I know who's behind this.
lol Defointily not for kids
/me dusts Nittany_Discord
Nittany_Discord: badum tish
dat texture quality
bprepare for it
WHAT THE FUCK
and.....
I guess the lotto surveys gonna be out late this week
/me dusts ASoftFluffyThing
Oh, hey Scarecrow.
boom
LadyCanary: its that motherfucker
OH GOD.
:O
NOT FOR KIDS? I'm a kid.
OH, THAT WAS SCARY!
Never would've guessed...
Freaking...Scarecrow....
I do love mindgames
Late hello everyone.
hi Ninjazz
whoa
DarkRainbow say goodbye to your childhood innocence then
Hello Ninjazz
/me hello Ninjazz
Hi, Ninjazz
Lunac okay.
No one has gotten lotto surveys yet have they?
then HQ CGI
nope
Oh, hey Scarecrow. Again.
enjoying the wave of pings Ninjazz
hi Ninjazz
......Holy. Guacamole.
This isn't that scary.
Why is he so huge?
I've watched creepypastas!
Holy ChimaCherryChangas
Mozdoc: It's the gas.
g2g
MidnightTwinkle, it's happened once or twice before.
unfortunatly I watched my brother complete this game so it I know what happens
And No more Heroes 1 and 2!
/me goodbye MidnightTwinkle
Bye Mid- gone
I never get any messages T-T
Damn. Instant getawayer.
hey Makalalovespinkiepie
Wow, the music...forgot how great it was.
Holy sidescrolling sections Batman!
/me is not scared
Scarecrows face when.
No RP please VenHur.
So Val's still messing about with Arkham Asylum.
Not bad, Sith!
<weeping_pegasi82> hi! ^^
wow he sucks at..looking
Was that actually as good as its hype? I never played it.
Not too often I see an Arkham scarecrow cosplay.
twilight_sprinkle: Got straw in his eyes.
i am happy i caught him canary :D
dem bats
That was pretty awesome.
took a light beam to the face
and chat is ded?
Try and imagine Batman in this is being played by Adam West.
Good night bronystate
Personally, I liked it for its detective bits.
Night, Jim :)
bye Jim
night Jim bo
Joker = Troll
bye Jim
night Jim
Night Jim
The combat and everything else got old
/me goodnight Jim
But overall, a very good Batman game.
bie Jim
did val just punch that dude in the balls?
NUT OUNCH?
Never played it, like how it looks though.
*PUNCH
It's very good on Bat-lore and the story.
"And now for the classical music piece: The nutcracker."
(sorry)
*The Nutcracker Suite
Eh, close enough.
oh hey Reikim didnt see you come in
TARA TARA TARA
sorry not tara
:)
And the Suite comprises several pieces.
And yet again, Tara isn't in this one.
that's arkham city
Harley voiced by: Tara Strong
o
nvm
<.<
Yeah, that's another one.
latr!
I dunno much
I got it wrong too
Tara Strong's in Arkham City, people. Please get it right.
I will never be able to listen to Harley Quinn again. :P
Tara has only done Harley in Arkham City. It's Sorkin here
bye Maka
I don't really hear the difference.
I know.
Yeah, same to you!
Ninjazz: I think that's the point.
dat guy is dumb
I still won't be able to listen to Quinn anymore either. :P
At any rate, I should go to bed. Work tomorrow.
'night all.
Night Lasharus
Night, Lasharus
Gnight, Lasharus. Good seeing ya again.
that's how good Tara strong is
And you Ninjazz. :)
night lasharua
oops
^_^
"Lasharua"? :P
night Lasharus
r63 of Lasharus
neat TGS announced KH 1.5 HD collection (KH FM,CoM and 358/2)
Oh don't give people ideas Ninjazz...
I didn't say anything. >_>
<_<
Good.
Tara... = ♥♥♥♥
Hi everypony?
Gordon is the man. Though his voice doesnt seem to fit.
Wonder what'll happens if life's r63...
i am still happy to have met tara <3
Gordan Freeman?
nvm
....OH GOD.
This. Fight.
BANE
Well, that's unpleasant.
Viva la Bane
now THIS is bane
This is just getting better and better.
LadyHarley Bane is Spanish not french
?
Bane was the best part of The Dark Knight Rises.
Lunac: ...
The hell are you talking about Lunac. That was so clearly Spanish =3=
Reikim, yes.
Lunac: That was a spanish thing.
Lunac: you lose 5 internets
Dat uppercut.
Bronysith: Lucky colt.....
Niiiiiice
I'm an ignorant brit cut me some slack people.
ah, you think darkness is your ally?
Pfft, not really an excuse.
Ignorant is never an excuse, Britishness even less so.
^
13http://i.qkme.me/3r01ax.jpg
SUDDEN SHIZU
Shizu Shizu? :3
13canary canary <33
Dat Shizuka
Victory has defeated him.
A wild Shizuka appears
...Shizuka, where on the Internet did you find that hellspawn?
http://img1.ak.crunchyroll.com/i/spire1/ec37e3bc157dee16222555b672dcf8731341353690_full.jpg lol :D
13uh
13internet?
Perfect excuse, Shizu ^_^
Works for me
Shizuka: best answer ever.
Bruja.
Witch?
00,02BATMAN
im batman
00,02BATMAN WINS
Phase4!
Phase4: Hi :3
Evening, Phase.
Hi Phase4
Why is Colonel Sanders in charge of Gotham PD?
/me glomps Phase4
good thing batman is stronger than the huge augmented monster
/me 00,02hugs Bronysith back
Mann up Mode is hard ;_;
Batman is always prepared
ohai Phase4
Ponies47: What's it like?
Ponies47: How is it?
So Phase4. I finally got around to reading Pinkie Pie Watches Paint Dry.
Ponies47: Multiple tanks!
00,02Reikim, : D
Why would Pinkie Pie watch paint dry?
Whoa whos playing
I don't think her attention span is that long...
00,02Ponies47, its not called 'mann up' for nothing
It's just like MvM but you need money to play it and it ahs MOAR robots
sonicdude558: Caramel
Phase4: You have a point
Phase4: I have never before seen Life summed up so perfectly.
Mozdoc: Because she's Pinkie Pie. :D
*has
00,02Reikim, ikr!
I always wondered which villains will appear in the next Arkham title.
I finished a full tour of Mann Up mode earlier. Got a strange botkiller knife for my troubles.
This.
Music
00,02Reikim, who would have though reading about someone watching paint dry could be so interesting
Phase4: Cupcakes fix EVERYTHING.
/me Whoa... You're good @Caramel
Phase4: Reikim Because it was somepony
So apparently
So Batman's got a secret stash.
If the room was once the orange room and you paint it and it stops being the orange room then does it lose its identity I mean is it still the orange room at heart or is it now something new or what
am i right to make that assumption?
Until today, Phase4, I would not have expected Pinkie Pie to be such a great philosopher. At least, when she's off her sugar high.
cool story bro
....That voice...
Skill learned: Bat-split.
MIGHTY MADIBLES!
*Mandibles
:D
shut up AJ you talk to much
EAR RAPE
No. :P
too*
Better not loose that physique Batman, or you'll never get into your secret stash room.
lose*
im batman
Ah the Batcave ^^_
thatsssssssssss a nice cave you got there... It would be such a sssssssssshame if something happened to it...
test
YES ARKHAM ASYLUM! :)
hello everypony
Why a test
lol
Hello Freefall29 and ShadowQuill
hi Freefall29
hi ShadowQuill
That means Batman is gonna need a new chiropractor.
So is it Derpy Hooves or Ditzy Doo or Bright Eyes?! 6_9
Chat derped
ShadowQuill: no one knows
ShadowQuill: what are you asking?
ShadowQuill: Yes.
Her name
ShadowQuill, Bright Eyes is best name
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Discussion: Future Collector Sets
It's Derpy Hooves.
You know what'll be the greatest fight in the history of mankind itself?
ShadowQuill: she doesnt even know her name
ShadowQuill: she never had a name, it can be both derpy or ditzy
Batman V.S Catman.
Bronysith, she does
ShadowQuill: Derpy and Bright for fandom , Ditzy for unofficial canon
Meanwhile: you havent seen the phoenix wright mlp crossover Turnabout storm have you?
it's Derpy
Bronysith: I have not, nor do I care to.
:V\
:V*
Meanwhile: well he was referencing that...
Mm.
:D
/me sets Meanwhile ablaze in a glorious inferno
Poor Meanwhile :<
VICTORY SCREECH
OLOLOLOLOLOLOLLOOLOL
/me slaps Bronysith with a cinderblock.
Anyone watched Phoenix Wright meets MLP? First she said her name was Derpy Hooves, then Ditzy Doo, and the Bright Eyes. She left because she was offended about Twilight calling her the wrong names while she kept on changing her name. True Story.
ShadowQuill: yes
i have seen it
ShadowQuill: I havent seen that yet
Anyhoo, that'll do for me. Sleep is calling.
great fucking vids
/me Has never seen them
Night everyone.
Night Meanwhile
Meanwhile: sleep well
Night Me- aw.
Short interview.
so how exactly did croc get that like
Yeeaaaah, Batman, you don't wanna go through that door.
Freefall29: waste
experimentations
biological crap
its batman
magic, dont got to explain shit
Aww game over Caramel
2,14 and I think that's where I'll call it tonight folks
2,14 hope you enjoyed
thank you Caramel
Thanks for the stream
Hey Caramel tell me one thing
one version, killer croc was a result of a disease he had.
Goodnight Caramel, thanks for streaming
Thanks, Caramel! :)
Didn't Slurry say he was going to stream at sundown? Or did he already do that?
thanks for the stream Caramel
Thanks Caramel ^^ you are best Batman.
Thanks for more Batman Caramel
thanks for the stream caramel.
aww
gnight everypony, the insomniac elves will get to me
/me Good night Caramel
Bye Caramel.
JESmith71: He hasn't
night Bronysith!
Night Bronysith
bye caramel thankyou!
Night, Bronysith :)
you gonna elf proof your house Bronysith?
night Bronysith
Thanks for the stream, Caramel
d
and chat is ded
/me pokes chat
WAKE UP!!!! WAKE UP!!!!
Ouch!
THat hurt.....:|
:3
/me pokes again
meh.. give me a few minutes
thank you Caramel!
Goodnight Bronysith
:<
/me pokes ASoftFluffyThing with a stick.
Can't touch me
(Cue song)
Hammer Time!
STOP HAMMER TIME
13http://i.imgur.com/yTpia.gif
cue medicore parody
dat bunneh
:3
that is so me in the morning
Shizu bunny? :3
13<3
The bunny died from the cuteness of Fluttershy's smile
so cute :3
OR BETTER YET
Shizuka: ...I know that's from a thing that I know what is it
Twilight Sparkle's first SQUEE
and went into the bunny fire
Dark92Enigma: the bunny got diabetus from fluttershy smile, its heart then coulden't take it anymore
00,02why does that keep happening
03 JESmith71? I haven't streamed it yet
00,02something disconnects me, but it does so cleanly
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mako5oNghg1rbfn08o1_500.gif Shizu lookie~
hey everypony how are y'all
13:3
13dawwwww
hello DJ_POn-3
hi DJ_POn-3
03 I'll stream it in about 45 minutes or whenever this one stream ends. I'm not exactly watching it, but yeah.
13all the dawww
So Val is done
What's on stream now?
I know SlurryMoon. I just go here thirty minutes ago and I was just checking if I missed it
13psst slurry, val finished :3
Reikim|Crowbar: we watching the buffering show
LadyCanary: Careful my heart cant take much more
03 okay... I'll set up
I liek bunnies.
Hooray, a Slurry stream! And my first one as well!
I want a bunny :I
So what's Slurry going to stream< I wonder...
13http://i.imgur.com/sFd9b.jpg
I wish i would've done this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XDLnCRwl8Ms
DAT NOSE
13i wanted to add antlers
13so that she would be a proper rei-ndeer
...
|Glad I didn't miss next bit of Walking Gead
Dead
Dark92Enigma: I still don't get what went wrong with that movie
I'm not sure whether to applaud or boo that pun.
13canary canary <3
13http://i.imgur.com/sFd9b.jpg rei-ndeer
Freefall29: which movie?
Is the stream dead?
For now
Dark92Enigma: the one you just played the vid for...
for the moment yes
Freefall29: all i did, was posting an image with Twilight Sparkle's SQUEE
Here Have Some Seal: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0QPNEduDa-4&feature=related
Freefall29: wait
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bZkp7q19f0&feature=related
:D
Freefall29: i derped :$
Dark92Enigma: I'm talking about the nostalgia critic thing you posted bro
Dark92Enigma: :D
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bZkp7q19f0&feature=related
:2
:3
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bZkp7q19f0&feature=related
You already posted that video.
OPPAH GANGNAM STYLE
like 3 time
Ik
Three times.
:D I like it
Stop then.
three times is basically cubed.
It's annoying.
One time's enough.
Check this out htoughhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1H40wUz-Fd8
Wait
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1H40wUz-Fd8
Dark92Enigma: adorable.
Freefall29: totally my point
:D
Whats next?
Dang it dad's computer
Holy <buysomeapples> what a dead chat O.O
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_ZWiV0oL4c
Chat's not dead
Reikim|Crowbar: but its not as active as I've seen it before, therefore its dead
Dammit I suck at this game.
Reikim|Crowbar: which one
Half Life? :3
my music paused itself :o
Caramel stop streaming?
Black Mesa
I suck at it
Sadly I'm forced to rampant abuse of the magnum.
Woah... Did you make those plushes Adjeca? They are amazing
...so we have to wait another month till we learn when Season 3 airs....
nope, i didn't make them. i've just been an avid collector through the years :)
JESmith71: ssssshhhhhh....
I just found out so I know its old news by now
So no stream>
*?
eeyup
sonicdude558: there will be soon.
well... I will be in bed probably by the time it comes on XD
10
No stream yet...
so it's almost 8:30 pm here, think i should start my project for spanish class that is due tomarrow?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6pbyCrKQYs&feature=related
hay-hay-hay
sup JappleAck
I didn't even know they made that many :O
Since Space Jam is going to be the B Movie, then I guess someday Back In Action should be the A Movie...
hay Freefall29
it's surprising. i don't even have all of them yet, there's a few more i haven't got my hands on yet
Nice entry Freefall29
I've only ever seen one Spyro plush
Oh God Space Jam ;~;
Have a baby penguin. <3 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DQbhtZzHsbE&feature=related
sonicdude558: entry?
...Okaaay, this isn't good.
Everybody get up its time to slam now...
aye
I have completely forgotten where to go.
Space Jam is the greatest
Ponies47: I know that feel...
Ponies47: Do my homework please?
We got a real jam going on welcome to the space jam ^_^
Dovah: But I'm just a wittle freshman. Besides what grade are you in anyways?
Well that is one impressive collection, let me tell you
I think everybody should v ote for Idiocracy
Now...look, as a kid, I liked Space Jam, but it haven't aged well...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HyG3XzsT2_s. this is adorable
It wasn't supposed to.
You're supposed to love it for being bad.
Ponies47: only 1 grade above you, besides its only spanish.
hehe thanks. those are just the plushies though :)
Do you dance wear some pants at Space Jam
Looney Tunes Back in Action I thought that was a pretty decent movie
For you see, the writing of the movie...it's not...written very wall.
*well
Dovah: I hate spanish...
You should see the rest :p
well too bad
Ponies47: I thought it was enjoyable.... I think it was trying too hard to emulator who framed roger rabbit
Oh, and let's not forget...ahem...Lola Bunny.
VenHur: Before they made her funny
What a bland character, I don't mind Mary Sues, but really, Lola's just...so bland.
VenHur: What about crazy airhead stalker Lola from the Looney Tunes Show?
JESmith71: Well...the incarnation of that character is just...WORSE.
Actually, I like that Lola more than the Jam one.
I mean, she's SO annoying, I mean, yes, it's about time they give her a personality, but it was NOT what I expected!
I am just...horrible at FPS games. Shizu, got any tips?
Even though she's a stalker, I find it sort of hilarious. :D
VenHur: Isn't that the point?
13Reikim|Crowbar: shoot at the cyberdemon until it dies
-___-
13but srs, use cover, even if it's as simple as putting a pillar between your eyeballs and theirs
Obsidian: Well yes, but I can't stand SOME streotypes characters someday...
...though, Kimberly was hot...
Fair enough
Hi everyone
Shizuka: I don't think he's ready for a cyberdemon
Hello Wirisme
But then they rush cover and I die...
*sometime
13reload obsessively
hi Wirisme
How's everyone doing today?
sup Wirisme
13once i had enough ammo i pretty much stuck with the shotgun, because you can fire a shot, reload, fire a shot, reload, and if things get tense you can always unload the full clip into someone
Soem1 stream plz
How about you wait?
Shizuka: what is your favorite fps game?
If a moderator feels like streaming, they will do so.
13cover is more so you can reload or evaluate your selection of weapons to take on the enemy
13favorite fps... tied between left 4 dead 1 and doom 3
13probably more left 4 dead 1 cause it's more balanced and i don't have to godmode
Shizuka: doom 3 eh.... you really are the first person i've meet to say that.
oh my god i dont want to do my homework....
Me neither. :D
Sluury should be coming up sometime with Walking Dead
03 alright 25 more minutes until I stream
Hooray!
Hiya, all!
13doom 3 does atmosphere right, though post-resonance-cascade black mesa could give it a run for its money
Hi, Randomnerd! :)
So my local convenience store stopped selling Moon Pies :O
13i'm into gaming for story and atmosphere, not so much the die and quickload cycle
I'm going to have to buy them online, or somehting!
^^
13also rei, he's godmoding, but freeman's mind can give you a good idea how to make use of cover
Shizuka: doom 3 was pretty good, I just felt it didn't have the spark the other doom games had.
13i played doom 2 to death and back, doom 1 not as much
you should see mine :D
Adjeca will always beat me but I think I'm not too far off
13i think i've run doom 1 all the way through just once, compared to dozens of times through doom 2
Shizu I tried shooting the giant alien thing and it won't die!
Shizuka: how come? both games are extremely similar to each other
13the tentacle?
Not the tentacle
The one with the laser hands.
13ohhhhhhhh
Also I know he won't die but
13you kill him with electricity
Reikim|Crowbar: you can't kill it naturally
13it's a scripted sequence, just abuse sprinting and keep away from him
Looks like they made an announcement, announcing the date they're going to announce the date for S3. According to EQD
or rather saying it's in the next 30 days that we're going to know
hey wb. what do you think of the pictures? pretty crazy seeing them all together like that huh?
13if you let the barney in the control tower live he'll tell you where to go
Wirisme: I would question it, at first.
0,14it's legit, for once
Dat Cipher
0,14Hub tweeted it
Yeah it's kinda hard to believe at this point
but yay for it being legit
I'll wait and see
13hai shinj--saxy
XDDDD
Cipher: ok. finally. now we can put these rumors to rest
0,14;____;
Awwww, Cipher's a Shinji :3
hewwo everypony!
EAT ELECTRICITY ALIEN THINGIE
sup Eulshy
Hello Eulshy
Saxy, really?
Yeah
Shizuka: freemans mind has a tendency to skip sections
I don't have a very good Internet connection, unfortunately
13only a little on On A rail
13he skips one of the encounters which isn't even there in black mesa
So, streaming a video to teach me how to not fail isn't really an option -_-
Shizuka: I can't wait till he finishes it.
13ep 44 went up a couple weeks ago, he just passed the cliff face
Be back in about half an hour or so
13and got a rocket launcher
its pretty good
I picked a good B-Movie this week.
13he took a really weird path down too, that's a minor downside of trying to use it as a reference
Youve shown me them before though :P
Peter Dinklage is in it!
WHO DOESN'T LOVE THE (P)IMP?
maybe you can use those skylanders boxes for the plushies :)
y u no stream bronystate
13so many impatient ponies..
13i think so, he's still on surface tension i think
i just got back
Ha!
I'm so far behind~
Only on Power Up
13if the hl1 path is similar enough to black mesa, he'll have a tank encounter, the second gargantua you use the airstrike to blow up, and then forget about freeman
Have some Caravan Palace, I guess. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9Ca89gxbjU&feature=channel&list=UL
Shizuka: right, I remember about that part.
Shizuka: that part with the airstrike is going to be funny
Shizu played the airstrike a couple days ago, I think.
Dolan and cena5liferyeahh found me.
13i vaguely recall there being more you could blow up in hl1, black mesa you only kill the gargantua and drop the tower
I just got up to Surface Tension today.
you know
yo
I just read something
I'm still at the part where you kill the tentacle. I'm out of ammo, have a few grenades... i'm screwed
Send alot of pony pics i am trying to build my pony file
what game?
Send alot of pony pics i am trying to build my pony file
Freefall29, what part? Blasting Pit?
Kandarihu: yeah
so no stream?
13for the tentacle, just run like crazy
Send alot of pony pics i am trying to build my pony file
Laura Faucet made a lot of complex characters with deep backgrounds.... and the most popular pony is crosseyed and eats muffins :p
13it does damage but as long as you can evade a hit or two and make it to the ladders you'll be fine
Pink3 you can get them by yourself you know
13plenty of health available after it's dead
Ryunosuke: Twillight is most popular pony
Shizuka: already did that. but I i'm at the part, starting the generators...
I'm on a rail, and for some reason my cart does not create a wake in the water~
okay one of
13ohh
13protip, houndeye ambush after you start the power
shorter
I pretty much rely on grenades to distract the monster as I go from door to door. It's still a mad dash, and I die a lot.
Shizuka: yeah. when the volugots come after you.
you wouldnt have to wade through pms
13oh past that even
and links
What is this I don't even
Yeah, ammo gets scarce around that part.
its just save image as and repeat
I died so often~
I think everybody should vote for idiocracy on this next movie night
What game?
Idiocracy
Thankfully it gets much better after.
13shotgun ammo gets stupid scarce midgame
well. this is what happens when you play on hard mode.
13even smg ammo
RE4?
13even with tons of soldiers around somehow smg ammo gets scarce too
RE5?
13we're obviously talking about barbie horse adventures
13duhhh
New stream for Barbie Horse Adventure?
Shizuka is a pretty pink hourse.
Shizuka: we should stream barbies horse adventures.... its got ponies.. amirite?
Well, you gotta use the same weapon that the soldiers are using. If you're they're using MP5s, use your MP5. If they're using shotguns, use your shotgun.
13one thing i wish FPS would learn from doom 3 is letting you pick up more ammo when your current clip is low, such that when you reload you have full both
There was an SNES Barbie game with pegasi.
13picking up the last ammo in the area and then having to reload is a pain
00,02Shizuka, that is always anoying
13wastes so many potential bullets
00,02i think hl2 does that
Shizuka: I hated in doom 3, you're out of ammo and still have stupidly high ammount of pistol bullets.
00,02or not, i remember playing a game and noticing that
pistol- 200. everything else- 0
13i think hl2 might have
13might not
00,02Freefall29, crowbar: inf
13l4d1 does i think
00,02thats ti
00,02Shizuka, l4d2 does it
So it is not RE4?
quake?
13l4d2 made up for it by shrinking everything's clip size..
13quake didn't have clips, just an ammo pool, like doom
What is your opinion, ammo pool, or more realism?
oh wow
stream
:O
The Walking dead!
OH MY GOSH!
oh it's the game, still need to watch this show
03 can you see anything?
yeah we can SlurryMoon
Walking Dead.
Yes I can~
oy
03 can you hear anything?
Ooh who's streaming?
I see a title screen and some chat
13i'm talking about like doom 3, say, the plasma rifle, holds 50 in a clip plus 450 reserve, but if your clip is depleted you could hold up to 500 in reserve
again yes SlurryMoon
I need to read the comics @_@
Heard birds chirping.
Yep I see and hear it
:3 My people are chirping
It finally continues
I gotta play me some quake tomorrow. gotta practice bunny hopping
I see THe Walking Dead
click click.. etc
Made me look up in curiosity because it sounded like there were suddenly birds in my kitchen.
YAY
I'm pretty much done with comics.
03 Okay, I'll be streaming it up then, yo
There's too many to keep up with.
thanks dawg
/me killed the chat
/me respawned
ha you didn't kill me
YAY
13canary canary <3
/me 13sticks a cookie in canary's mouth <3
walking dead :o
/me is surprised by the cookie :O T-thank you Shizu Shizu
13<3
He's a Walker
A last time preview on a game?
/me gives Shizu a brownie :3
Gotta love the way a double-barreled shotgun blast takes care of pesky alligators.
13<3
13mitamaking: it's released in pieces, similar to the recap at the start of hl2 ep2
And episode 3...... :(
mitamaking: valve can't count to three silly
hi everypony
sup CCCP
hello Freefall29 :)
Hi CCCP
Well, I got to go
hallo AJIsAwesome
hi CCCP :)
bye mit-
hi thelonepony
Hello CCCP
hello AdamTheDuck
is the Walking Dead series still being made?
is this The Walking Dead game?
yes
yes to which one?
episode 4 i think
KINGDOM HEARTS HD KINGDOM HEARTS HD KINGDOM HEARTS H FUCKING D!!!!!!!! Btw hi everypony :)
hi cachi01|phone
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Digital Pony Watch
a pony watch?
STFU AND TAKE MAH MONEY
Pony watch? Seems interesting.
Uhmmm oh..
I regret saying that....
so a kingdom hearts hd, for what system?
PS3
damn it i have xbox360 :(
and its called KH1.5 Re:mix so i think its chain of memories mix on HD
im sooo cold :(
/me gives some.peanuts to CCCP
Rub them.on your head
cachi01|phone wh-what?
Then you will be warm
Trust me
Im ze docta
The walkers are Coming shane!!!
Oh, my.............
ummm okay cachi01|phone :s
STOP SCREAMING
She ded
Oh am i missing a walking dead stream?
cachi01|phone, eeyup :/
Fuck...
the walkers are coming to eat her!!
Lol dat aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
dat Nittany_Discord
lol Nitt
lol dat nit
hai twilight_sprinkle
I had to join along in the screaming.
/me nomz CCCP :3
I want to play that game ;A;
What game?
Get all zee loooooot
Get killed by walkers?
twilight_sprinkle :I
Title on www.bronystate.net: Neighsayers interview Tsitra360! | BronyState
CCCP: :<
Tsitra360?
A BS post?
Sounds MLG
twilight_sprinkle <3
I don't believe it.
Speaking of MLG hi Scoot-Scootaloo!
CCCP: :) <3
00,03Tsitra is MLG, yadadada
Ohai Scoot-Scootaloo
OI Scoots XD
00,03CCCP: The one responsible for most of the pony swag people wear...
Swag.......
Scoot-Scootaloo: http://ohn1ne.tumblr.com/post/31960593351/only-in-a-jj-stream
00,03yes. swag.
SWAAAAAG
Scoot-Scootaloo i see
/me flips table
/me flips cachi01|phone
/me flips air
00,03why are you a gummy bear, Derpy_Hooves?
:D Derpy_Hooves! I am now following you on Tumblr~
D'awww stickers, that's adorable :D
Scoot-Scootaloo: cause i was making fun of hurrdurr cause jj drew him as a gummy bear :3
I has returned! :D
Lalalalala im using a peanut as a hat!
Welcome back Ponies47 :P
Wb Ponies47
Scoot-Scootaloo: you can see my name in the chat box
look for
"Ohnine"
Wb Ponies74
00,03ohnine
46*
00,03mmhmm
47
Damn....
So does this follow on through the comics?
Ponies47 Lies! you never left!
THanks AdamTheDuck, AJIsAwesome, and cachi01|phone
CCCP: I did :<
chat derp?
nope
00,03So... did y'all check you e-mails?
Dammit
Ponies47 oh
I did.
Scoot-Scootaloo, eeyup
The army in Black Mesa should diw
im not registerd :D
AdamTheDuck i think the game is the one following the comics but.IDK
Scoot-Scootaloo: Check your ECP? Ya want this DOG?
my internet sucks. i unregistered
Scoot-Scootaloo: I did before. No newsletter
Last words are for fools who haven't said enough.
- KM
*SPOLIER ALERT ON COMIC* I'm not sure, iirc that guy with the moustache and hat died in the comic.
What if your last words are fuck you?
AdamTheDuck: for fuck sakes..
I said spoiler alert >.<
AdamTheDuck lololololospoilers
still we dont really want spoliers dude..
It's only the first half of the first issue >.<
00,03we don't take kindly to spoilers, 'round these parts
^
V
^^
Well sorry then... :/
00,03anyways, TF2 anypony?
JAJA INFINITE CYCLE
AdamTheDuck run!
I don't think I would survive the zombie invasion.
03 Damn, Carly is fine
Scoot-Scootaloo: Oh you know it!
TF2? Ehh sure, why not.
03 :P
Scoot-Scootaloo if u can wait for me for 3 months yeah sure :3
I feel like it would be very hard to survive a zombie outbreak
aaaaaaaaaannnnnnddd i'm back.
SlurryMoom dem new fancy colors
im fronr
Scoot-Scootaloo: You want to pick the server or should I?
o hey CCCP
Scoot-Scootaloo At 3am!?
I am disappoint.
00,03Did you ose control of your life yet?
00,03and moment
hello JappleAck
Needs more pudding.
But if you're going to play PF2, then sure, I can hop on for a game or two.
hi DashWithRainbows
Howdy CCCP, how's it going?
okay DashWithRainbows
how far in the game is this?
i guess
JappleAck, 3rd chapter I think
00,03Ponies47: You should :3
Oh yeah DashWithRainbows what's your Steam ID?
4th isnt released yet
How many chapters?
Nvm.
Scoot-Scootaloo: Sure gimme a minute
so he isn't even at the store yet?
wait nvrmnd
lol awkward moment
Oh this is the chapter when du[you must be a Bronystate Gold member to read this message]
cachi01|phone: :D
you can be a gold member?
00,03invite me when you guys are ready!
yes
JappleAck yeah
how?
49.99 per month
nvrmnd
cachi01|phone: Goldmember...?:O they have 24k TROUSER SNAKES! lol austin powers
/me hands out credit card. gold membership please
U get all DLC
Scoot-Scootaloo: Sure!
00,03You get the maps early
Ponies47 add unflavoured_lemon
Sure, all it costs to be a gold member is [you must be a Bronystate Gold member to see this messag
Sketch_Toku_Brony lol
*Message
oh you guys might find this interesting, yesterday this was on the front page of Reddit http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/104ut1/spyro_for_a_friend/
Its Lily's Room. Well, no shit Sherlock...
you also get hats when you buy gold membership
Scoot-Scootaloo Lemme just try and not kill myself by falling over in the dark as I search for my controllah.
JappleAck btw we lied >.>
oh hay AJisAwesome, i didn't see you there
I swear, some of the dialog in this game has got to be intentionally just so forced *doh!* type.
U also get a shiny + in ur name
> Game gives you a health and charge station > Immediate suspicion
Pfft, to get a +, you must sell your soul, all yur possesions and the heart of your first child to Bronystate.
I wonder what was your.reaction to the cannibal scene in chapter 2
:D http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/09/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-chicken-nugget-is-best-scootaloo2.jpg
But DWR...you have no children. So whose child did you sell...
derp face derp face i love you
Not even going to tell you what you gotta do to get colours!
Reikim|Crowbar There is much you do not know about me...
the animation director/character designer of Year of the Dragon commented saying he's "glad to see that people still connect with the game"
Besides, when the the child is born, it will not have a heart.
It will become a robot
0,14Batman?
hahah batman..
ah shouldve made Robin lol
secrecyyy...
but fun
Ohmigod, ohmigod, I see skyyyyyy
DashWithRainbows sell your soul to a dog? Let him piss in it then let him drink that piss then poop that piss then punch the piss with a bone and then explode?
twilight_sprinkle: I see what you did there
THis will not end well
Suddenly, Walking Dead?
>Poop that piss
A taco that craps icecream
Oh ho ho, you do not know how a body works.
What is this?
"You're small."
Mood killer
I hate Black Mesa's cramped hallways...except for the fact that, when you finally emerge into open sky, the feeling is insanely good.
i think this wont end well for [Bronystate Gold BEYATCHES buy it to see this message]
Bronystate premium
Bronystate VIP
03 I may be a bit ahead of you guys, but...
03 Awwwwwwww~~~ <3
SlurryMoon what? :s
SlurryMoon: Your right on time
Did [lol spoilers] died yet?
nope (spoilers) hasn't died
denial
Uh, a flashlight that big generally would use more than one....but okay.
Dammit
Probably uses one of those chunky lantern batteries.
What do you do when there is no cover?!
CK|Werk videogames
03 hahahaha xDD
Spoilers: there are walkers in this game
LOL
lol
spoiler: everybody is psychologically scared for life
Oh this should be good
MASSIVE SPOILERS: There are zombies in this game.
Wut happened? He insulted clementine? Cause that would be funny
gangnam style is actually a very thoughtful song
CCCP: too bad all anyone cares about is the beat.
SlurryMoon
I killed a man. How's your drawing?
slurry
twilight_sprinkle I don't :I
03 What Derpy?
SlurryMoon: call me an asshole, but i really wanna see what happens when you tell that pissed old man that you killed a guy :3
uhm
gangnam style is bad but i can tolerate it. Its pretty fun lol still better than LMFAO One erection and justin gayber
03 Derpy
hes dead...
03 He's dead
orly?
CCCP: well me neither. what i meant is that its famous because its catchy, most people dont even know what its about. the intention of the song backfired horrendously
how? :3
duck died already?
Derpy_Hooves: and hea already knew
cachi01|phone i dun get how gayber is a clever pun
Spyro will live on :)
Shammy: well i didn't know :I
in some ways gangam is worse than bieber
oh and Derpy_Hooves he had a cinder block droped on his head
thats how he died
Shammy: by who? :3
CCCP CAUSE HE IS BIEBER. AND HE IS GAY! GET IT? LOLOLOLHAHAHAHHHEHHEHEH
kenny Derpy_Hooves
why did kenny do it? :3
No offense, but how wasthat funny?
I joined at a weird time...
Wat
cachi01|phone Actually he is straight
"It wasn't for touchin' kids, was it?"
cause he was scared he'd come back as an infected after suffering a heart attack Derpy_Hooves
Gay
cachi01|phone does it matter?
You jerkwad, he's saved you and your kids' life several times! Why would his past matter that much, you asshat? :|
CCCP yes. Gay
indeed
Still not funny.
Derpy_Hooves: there ya go game told ya
cachi01|phone so you don't like Justin Beiber because he's "gay"? :s
cachi01|phone: calling bieber gay is an insult to gay people
^
So much tension
twilight_sprinkle: you do have a point there
Ok u have a point now i feel bad twilight_sprinkle
cachi01|phone: nah its ok, i called him gay before on impulse. its just usually what he is associated with
Justin Beiber is not that bad :P
^
<.<
CCCP: how?
CCCP nope. I think I alreadt told u why i hate him so much in previous conversations
His music isn't my style, but if you like it I don't mind.
Frandships.
His music is...... Bad
cachi01|phone because your jelly :3
This is the first time reddit has actually had something useful for me
im in
and i see walking dead
Yeah im jelly that 80% of the world hates him and not.me :3
dont touch that
thats my flashlight
his music is a sign that greedy corporations care more about profit and if the media controls whats cool.
my favorite thing about ieber is that he got a tattoo saying "jesus", while the bible is against such things. its an absolute and permanent failure
nope
also bieber is an arrogant prick
Freefall29 exactly
/me glomps LadyCanary
Yes he is
/me is glomped :O A glomp? from Sumica? WAT
wait
twilight_sprinkle: really? lol what an idiot :D
00,10oh hi!
THAT ZOMBIE HAS A HATCHET
twilight_sprinkle where in the bible does it say not to get tattoos?
hai Sumica
SHOOT IT
Or that hatchet has a zombie?
"There's something drawn there..." Well, obviously!
DUCK WHERE DID U COME FROM
tat boy
MYSTERY SOLVED
justin bieber is a dumbass... once in an interview, he was asked about abortion, he's against it. but then was asked in case of rape. he said things happen for a reason
ITS GIRL
CCCP: It says not to mar your body with markings of any kind.
twilight_sprinkle music is based on opinion thats all
WHERES THE GIRL
CCCP: his music is cheap pop, altho gangam is even cheaper
Ohmigod a Sumi
00,10much fun was had in PS2 this day
twilight_sprinkle gangam style is god tier music
Please put my spaghetti back in my pockets. It all fell out.
twilight_sprinkle: But let's be honest, the cheapness of Gangnam is what makes it endearing.
its Old Man Jenkins who owns the Cotton Mill down the street! :O "And I wouldve gotten away w/ it too,if it werent for you meddling bronies!" :D
:o http://27.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_llwfapBje81qcdunbo1_500.jpg
/me shoves ShadowQuill's spaghetti back into his pockets
Reikim: no. i hate it.
Reikim: and all it does it promote more music of the same
Oh? Why Sumi
Eh, I find it funny in a bad way.
I wanted to stab a girl because she was a one direction fan and i asked her that if she liked the red hot chilli peppers...... She answered like this: wtf is that. Sounds like shit
CCCP: :I
twilight_sprinkle XD
SO YEAH OUR GENERATION SUCKS
cachi01|phone: ................
CCCP: as for the bible, Ye shall not make any cuttings in your flesh for the dead, nor print any marks upon you: I am the LORD.Leviticus 19:28
Good music will always exist. You just have to look a little harder to find it.
cachi01|phone stab people because of their musical tastes? :s
twilight_sprinkle hehe Ye
CCCP stab because she didnt even knew who are the red hot chilli peppers
00,10wreky is geting better at flying and I am getting better at useing the belly cannon on the craft
nice
Reikim: its a lot harder to find it, because its not getting any fame. also not as many people will choose to make good music if it wont make them money. and they deserve a reward for making it
:3 :3
Sumi and W reky are best team~
twilight_sprinkle: Leviticus says a lot of things.
cachi01|phone: It's not her fault she doesn't know, realy. She was probably never told of them.
00,10seems a bit unfair to be fireing a 105 mm cannon at infintry
DocSane: i know, but bieber says he follows the bible
twilight_sprinkle: Leviticus also says you have to sprinkle bird's blood on a patch you make in your wall to repair mildew growth
still :s
Looks like I need to shut down for the night. Bye everypony.
twilight_sprinkle: Yeah, but it's not our fault. I'm allowed to ironically enjoy a terrible Korean pop song, thank you very much. The real problem is the goddamn industry, and we could rant about this forever, but it would still be irrelevant because we're an unfortunate minority.
i drew that
night Obsidian
Bye, Obsidian! :)
bye Obsidian
DocSane: thats not the point, i personally dont care about the bible
night Obsidian
0,14we kvetching in here?
its kinda hard to not know the RHCP
Yeah Saxy
We be kvetching
Yes. :D
twilight_sprinkle: It's almost impossible to follow the Bible in all things.
0,14ya'll better stop kvetching
you drew it?
hi DocSane
Okay. :D
no :P
CCCP: Hi
lol
/me has stopped kvetching
DocSane wait are you MadSurge?
I was going to say I want to buy that
OI vei Cipher
cachi01|phone: i bet you she didn't even know who Queen or the Beatles
/me doesnt know what kvetching is
were
I am partaking in the activity known as kvetching for the sake of relaxation.
Should've left him hanging. XD
CCCP: No. Who's that?
Who wouldn't? :p
0,14Kvetching is Yiddish for bitching
O_o
id hang that on my wall
Yes I am bitching
DocSane: yeah but that ones is pretty clear, and tattooing jesus was a fail
...Not discussing the Bible.
JappleAck ikr. Btw i.dont.liek the beatles so much lol
Ive never heard you say it irl, Cipher XD
I will bitch about the music industry ALL DAY, though.
Reikim: if the song were popular because it were ironic, then id like it too. but instead its famous because its catchy, so it ended it promoting cheap pop crap like never before
0,14touche XD
Tattoos can get infected
id hang that one my face
twilight_sprinkle: I know, but I don't hold anything against someone who says he follows the Bible without following all of it.
cach01|phone: but everybody still knows who they are
DocSane: thats one of the reasons i dislike him, hes a fraud and does most things just for publicity
twilight_sprinkle: The Bible says I can't eat pork or lobster, and I sure as hell don't follow THAT.
twilight_sprinkle DocSane but thats everyone who claims to follow it
JappleAck yeah
twilight_sprinkle: I'm not so sure I agree. The majority of people I know don't enjoy it because they think it is good music; they smile at it with amusement because they know it's terrible.
DocSane: dude i already told you, im not interested in the bible, thats not the point
walk around school with a spyro painting on my face
But you gave a Bible quote as an argument.
why are we talking about the bible again?
cachi01|phone: you do like Queen though right?
0,14but yeah, seriously, this argument is getting nowhere fast
Because TS used a Bible quote as an argument or something and now we're done.
Reikim: almost everyone ive asked dont know the actual meaning. and it would never be that popular because it has a good idea, otherwise classical would still be popular
pillz here
JappleAck i fucking love them
0,14so I'd suggest dropping it like it was hot (snoooooooooooop_
cachi01|phone: who doesn't
95% of all arguments never get anywhere :s
Uhh, what are we arguing about now?...
...
You know what
....
I'm with Saxy on this one
AdamTheDuck: Went from music to religion, I think.
Let's drop the Bible studies.
^
DocSane: ah, well i wasnt aware that it was only in the jewish bible
God knows I've had enough of that to last a lifetime already.
people get butthurt when talking about religon
you guys are throwing more wood in the fire than we are.
twilight_sprinkle: The Jewish Torah is basically the Old Testament of the Catholic Bible -_-
D: The poor kids.
Arguing religion over the internet never gets anywhere...
They all sound like pedos
ded
Boom headshot
Reikim: fair enough. i dont really care enough about the bible to know such things, but ok
I'm guessing this is Borderlands 2?
lol
Buytoast nope
no is not
The Walkin g Dead?
walking dead
Eeyup
twilight_sprinkle im just saying that you should gangam style a chance and go in whith an open mind
I love any game tha allows you to make moral choices
^
twilight_sprinkle: I still don't think the complete hate of the song is justified (mostly because I don't generally condone hate) but I do agree in your mourning of classical music, or at least, orchestral music in general. Very few people nowadays seem to appreciate the power that a complete symphonic orchestra can have...
Most of them
so who's streaming then?
Aaaaand done
Moral choices = kill some one OR don't
SlurryMoon:
CCCP: lol i did watch it with an open mind, gow could i have a premade opinion of a song i havent heard. there are a few good pop songs too
dat quick scope
*Slurry is
CCCP: Heavy Rain had some other ones.
CCCP That or. Eat chocolate? World explodes
mass effect. I'm behind on that game.... oh well
What's Slurry streaming, anyway?
Reikim: if people liked it for the idea, a lot deeper songs would be popular. its pretty obvious that its just catchiness of it
twilight_sprinkle like?
Reikim.its nitt
Reikim: classical was all aobut idea, but that died out
Reikim yeah i guess
CCCP: uhh...
cachi01|phone i liek chocolate
O shi----
CCCP: well jimmy wong makes pop music, but its good
twilight_sprinkle: I don't suport the idea that a song should only be about "idea". Music should also /sound/ good. Classical wasn't just about the "idea" behind the music. It was also about communicating that idea in the best way possible.
CCCP: also beatles was pop
twilight_sprinkle i consider them rock :I
and idc
twilight_sprinkle: they were filed under pop but i think they were rock
who's the bitch accusing everyone?
Reikim: my point is that gangams popularity is Not due to the idea. there are a billion other parody songs, but none of them are as popular, and the music in gangam is horrid
game?
CCCP: id say some of there songs were pop, some were maybe more rockish
twilight_sprinkle: ...I never suggested it was popular due to the idea.
twilight_sprinkle i still also dont belive pop is a genre :P
Uh, that corpse would be shredded.
Buytoast the daughter of an asshole that thx god he died from a heart attack
No way it would hinder an RV. O.o
Reikim: then what are discussing? its popular because its catchy, promoting cheap pop, which is why i hate it. also im sick of hearing it 10 times a day
man this lily chick is really making me hope she becomes zombie chow
And...everyone back in.
i guess the apple doesn't fall far
CCCP: but rap is? :S
twilight_sprinkle: And I said it's popular because people recognize it's bad. They laugh at it. They don't glorify it as a paragon of good music.
this dumb fuck walker
twilight_sprinkle well pop = popular any song from any genre can be popluar
so po aint a genre
Anyway where are you hearing it? I have to consciously seek it out to hear it.
poop*
Who ish streaming?
Idk fuck lol
/)_0
Reikim: people clearly enjoy the tune and beat, otherwise they wouldnt be listening to it over and over, in the background often
Oh wow this guy's capture card is crystal clear.
pop*
CCCP: poop :D
FUCK EVIDENCE
FUCK DA EVIDENCE
Lily fuck off
twilight_sprinkle :|
Dayum
it was the kid
BUUUUUFFFEEEEEER!
what is this game?
Bitchfest ho
The Walkign Ded
0,14All right, one more warning, drop the argument
cat fight
thnx
Walking Dead it looks like
The Walking Dead, even
Thankyou Cipher
twilight_sprinkle: Huh. I've never noticed that. I suppose there's just a difference in environments here; among my peers, it's almost non-present except as the odd joke. I guess it goes to show that people's interests really can be all over the board.
03 NO NONONONONO
What arguement? o_0
NOOOO
._;.
WHOO
o.o
WHAT THE
jeus
jesus....
saw her reaching for the gun
BAM
.....Oh dear.
THE HELL!?
:O
Breaking the suspense.
i can really see
..............
the bitch killed her eh?
boy
shit got serious
W
T
F
OH SHEET
What happened?! I looked away.
there too much lag to watch the stream
let lily behind!
Cipher: there are no insults, its a discussion, why cant we talk about it
@Cipher: when you kick everybody just keep in mind that i was not involved
Derpy_Hooves: ...that just made me think of Chicago
leave her
o.o Dropping a gun like that is a very bad idea
o-o
drop.it
they shot her ;A;
Poor girl ;3;
Lily sauce
why?!?
SlurryMoon: be the better man
SlurryMoon: yay
Reikim: it was on stream in the background like 10 times yesterday
0,14if you really want to discuss it, take it to PMs or something
Shits sake?
may be getting two jobs, gonna be alot of work
Lol
lees a bro
03 Carly....
Daaaaaaaaaaw............leave her behind
i would have left her
i forsee her going postal
twilight_sprinkle: So? This is an Internet stream. Personally I'm more interested in everyday folk, because they're the ones that are usually steeped in cheap pop and influence the big corporations.
maybe she can be zombie bait later on
I personally would have kept her, maybe she was telling the truth
Postal 2 you might even say.
twilight_sprinkle: Also Saxy brings up a good point.
Cipher: havent seen you before, you a new member?
0,14...
superretroworld: Try a /whois.
0,14I'm Saxy
0,14=P
Saxy isnt on?
oh
Cipher y u change name?
:( oh no
Reikim: /whois ???
/me facepalms
oh great
:( please not duck
Holy bucking shit i just found a Dream theatre CD in my,house must be mah lucky day =D
now she's going to screw them over
And then he jumps up and bites her neck
not duck....
:D
Cipher: oh, didnt reconzige you
i'm gonna have feels if duck is left behind or shot or something
Spoilers:Duck is............ AN ACTUAL DUCK
00,10the party seems smaller then last time I saw
cachi01|phone: lol
;3;
confound this buffer
whoa dis animation style
I thought about murdering you. But I didn't. :D
hmmm why did that sound so wrong?
I really should be going to bed.... but this is too interesting to leave now
cachi01|phone you can watch stream on phone?
oh god...dripping
wat
o.o
Dafuq!!!
o-o
DAFUQ
:O
Dreams...
phew
ah
WHAT THE HELL IS THIS SHOW
dat dream
God damn them :D
Enjoy your nightmare fuel? >_>
Oh....k
Lol u thought it was real didnt you guys? *spongebob face*
CCCP: dont you need to install adobe or soemthing?
Walk of dead?
lol cachi01|phone
this is a GAME??
Kurra: It's a game. Walking Dead
superretroworld maybe
she a zombie now
Kurra: a game where shit gets serious
i believe its game based on the show "The Walking Dead"
Squallken comic*
cachi01|phone: i'm glad someone finally fell for it
how long does this stream go on for?
has the Kirby show ever been shown here?
you think they'd base the game off the crappy tv show?
thnx
CCCP: Don't think it has.
Freefall29, ever ever ever ever forever
CCCP i would love to see it here
00,10Suddnly super 8
cachi01|phone: The Japanese one of course.
:( darn
whut? a point and click game?
Japanese one?
once this stream ends, i'm hitting bed. but that won't be happening for a while. ;)
Super 8 was awesome
lol obviously hasnt played Resident Evil Zero *cuz it begins on a train lol*
well you did murder someone because they told you to stop power tripping you psychopath
I just remember one where kirby is revealed to be a baby and he has 2.weird.friends
goddamn
Superbrony 8?
That all they do is shout GO KIRBY U CAN DO IT!!
camera angles leave something to be desired....
00,10step one, decoupe cab unit
cachi01|phone: Maybe if SuperBrony gets the Kirby collection maybe he can stream the three eps that are on it
00,10step two drive forward
nerf_soldier: super 8 was hyped. they showed a train run over a car and its like damn...
punish her.... If u know what i mean
trains= immune to zombies.
Freefall29: what do you mean by hyped?
whod she kill
Goodnight everypony :s
cachi01|phone, wow
00,10ever play the super8 teaser they made for sorce?
night CCCP
11,01Step 3" Explode.
night CCCP
Night CCCP
0,14Super 8 was such a great movie
night CCCP
nerf_soldier: well, to me atleast. in the trailers and commercials, they used that same scene. very frequently
Step 3 : cue music : Going off the road on a crazy train
Super 8 has such a shitty ending
nipght CCCP!!
IMO lee is best pony
Freefall29: it was still a good movie even if the trailers weren't
But the movie was awesome
Lee has pedo voice
shock my ass
Seizure pmvs?
"seizure PMV" :D
Yeah just what i needed
my little ponies:: seizures is magic
Step 3 Don't say Fuck anymore, cause Fuck is the worst you can say so just use the word "MmmKay"
Fuck....ok
mmmkay
11,01Steal the train!
Again with the *doh!* obvious dialog...
oh... and lilly... MMMKAY YOU!!!!
Time to go off the rails.
the weird thing about games, is that the animation/motion of faces, if poor, makes the voice acting seem poor
And with that, I'm going to bed.
Btw dafuq was that Portal 2 super.8 interactive trailer?
night Nittany_Discord
I spend like 3 months trying to figure out that goddamb backstory
night Nittany_Discord
ok. I'm just gonna go to bed now everypony.....
bye
night Freefall29
Night Freefall20 and.Nittany
night Freefall29
/me tucks Freefall29 and Nittany_Discord in with plushies pf each other.
Night, Nittany_Discord
29*
thanks Kurra
00,10use the one on the other side then
/me hugs his Freefall29 plushie
cachi01|phone: stop talking to my evil twin
Freefall
How can he not go back in the door he just came out of?
20
EVIIIIL
Mozdoc cause videogames thats why
PVE
click clickclickclick click clickclick
get that walker
so a sitter then ?
He is sittin in the chair OOOOOH.MAAAAAH GOOOOOD
whys a zombie sitting
new super mario bros 2 looked so much fun, but im afraid if the third party games will only be the good ones\
TrixieMuffins i c wut u did thar
I don't think he's living...
I wud sittin in da chauh
Inb4 he is human
00,10oh just shoot it already
shoot everything BUT the zombie
the Engineer DODGES the bullet
lol
Do you have to shoot him? Can't you just pistol whip him instead of wasting bullets?
shoot ben
ded
That was easy
Ded.
Hai everypony
Hi, Derpy_Hooves :)
oh, im so glad i came on to see this
AWW MAN THE SUSPENSE
i missed seeing this
hi DerpyMuffins
DerpyMuffins: MUFFINS :O
Again wrong derpy
damn!
*DerpyMuffins:
Whooo, he's in pretty bad shape.
Hey buddy, why the long face?
dat photo
at least shoot him in the head just to be safe! Double Tap! oh nvm lol
Oh, my.............
Moron
It shines PUSH IT!
push da button
Are you buckin' serious?
kill keny
00,10put foot on deadman pull levers
his moustache is evil
When in doubt know your way out this newbs dont.know anything about zombies!
Im sure there is a manual somewhere
IT'S NOT LIKE IT HAS A STEERING WHEEL. :p
why should he duck ?
Train go forward and back. How is this difficult?
Welp
Oh really?
00,10checkovs leaf
THIS ISNT ROCKET SCIENCE
Sumica knows all about Rocket science, right?
Rocket Surgery
LOL
MIGHT BE SOMETHING INSIDE
No idea what to do with switches? They're switches, you flips them! Stuff happens!
Brain science
honestly, this is a diesel right?
00,10yeah the moter is inside
press X to might be something.inside
Might be something inside lol
lol
Tooltime
What is this?
00,10de couple time
so... there's an ignition button or key.
So...where the hell are the zombies?
gotta go........bye and see you tommorrow
Push buttons rapidly
bye Dark92Enigma
BYe, Dark92Enigma :(
Cya Dark92Enigma
Then hit the lock with your dapper tophat
Push start button until it goes...
Rape the buttoms
bye Dark92Enigma
buttons*
Dark92Enigma: and remember, we are NC's passport
And should we really be fiddleing with crap we don't know how to opperate?
00,03night dudes!
THOSE EYES O_O
NIght, Scoot-Scootaloo :(
Scoot-Scootaloo, night
Hit engine with wrench ....
Well that compartment has a whole lotta nothing in it...
Night Scoot
Cya Scoot-Scootaloo
Night Scoots!
So who's here? I've got a quick question.
TrixieMuffins, that only makes the engine bigger and more powerful.
McPixel would have know what to do
0,14'sup
Hammertime
So I finally finished arguing with TS
Pull the pin with your bare hands!
cachi01|phone: Saving the day? The McPixel way?
Ended up with him trying to justify being hateful and spiteful because apparently that's the best way to get people to change.
Eeyup and humping random stuff
Use the Boxcar door to pry free the pin....
Most likely a ps3
Let's get a poll here.
When trying to get people to change, attacking them and what they like is a BAD IDEA. Yes?
xD
00,10he looks dead
He's also allergic to becoming a walker
....shit
So yeah, sleeping now, someone remember to ping me when (if) Sumi streams Gunbuster.
Would I be a dick to say we should ditch the kid...just to be safe?
Whoa what was with Ben's jaw in that action?
Ur child is ded. U will probably be ded too your family is ded DEAL WITH IT WOMAN
0,14that's not dickish at all
Sumica: he's still blinking
00,10sorry Reikim, probably wont happen tonight
I assume the kid got bit
yup
Good! I can finally sleep.
0,14It is.
Thanks Sumi~
So..why is bringing him along a good idea?
BRB shower
OH MAN
knew it
superretroworld nope lol
i would go with her
And yet he claimed that the best way to do it is to tell people it sucks e.g. Gangnam Style. I TOLD him that they'll just turn around, say "fuck you" and stop listening. But noooo, he got defensive and started rationalizing it.
nooooo
Oh shit
dat BYETCH
should've left her behind
Well, the group is boned now.
Getting owned by a bitch
30 bits she dies
AWWWW HE SAID BAD WOOOOORDS
Clearly the best way to make people listen to good music is to start a hatewagon for the bad.
so what ? see that big train
/me headdesks
There is something intrinsically furiating about EVERYTHING HE SAYS
TrixieMuffins they dont know how to opperate it
0,14she'll go on to do worse things in the comics
I would say he's a troll but the worst part of it is that HE ISN'T.
Since when were zombies nocturnal?
0,14see, he said Gangnam Style sucks
0,14that alone tells me I can't take his word for most things
SpadeMagnes[R]: they are not
He's a self-righteous bastard.
Lol both of your sons are dead kenny!
The worst kind of bastard.
SpadeMagnes[R]: but zombie logic states that they are more active at night
zombies where created by a rotten burger from Burger King
And he has zero goddamn tact.
That looks like Jathryn Janeway on a REALLY REALLY bad day...
And he manages to JUST BARELY be polite enough to avoid a kick.
Maid_RainBow: lol reminds me of RE 2
I know a mother should care for her son, but if he got bit, I would keep my distance
Hello, what is this?
omg
03 Heck ><
OMG
And due to personal character flaws I am functionally incapable of letting him continue unchallenged.
HOLY SHIT
AAAAAA
03 freaked me out
LI
dont think thats jesus
Helloooo everypony!
Jeese!
Ah!
FUXK XDDD
lol SlurryMoon jmumoed :D
lol
i think that freaked all of us
that fucken scard me
jumped*
:P
hello xtremetoxicguy
WALKING DEAD OMG!
Good old jump scares
I came in the wrost time -_-
dat yay
Sylandest yes it did XDDD
:D
Did I scare you guys?! XD
0,14look, just ignore it
Damn it, now I need new pants
Was that the streamer saying "Jesus" or the character?
"yay"
xD
00,10wait that was a jump scare?
animal crackers...
lol
SHOOT the walker
^ See above comment about character flaws..
Good zombie!
get them crackers
0,14A fire only grows if you give it fuel and oxygen to burn, right?
show no fear
Trust me, i'm trying to.
KILL for animal cracker!
Zombie's number one weakness, seatbelts
smash his head in
Dont mind the groaning
AAAHH uuuuhhhh
not to mention the very loud walker
right over there
00,10also the sound outside
AND HE DOESNT MENTION THIS
just saying
rawr
"Zombie! SHUT UP!"
0,14Go for the crackers!
00,10hey ken, do you hear any thing strange?
Either way, time to sleep.
Night.
Being all with sentiment while a WALKER BEEEAARGHS outside....
Uh, yeah Kenny, I was just outside, just ignore that groaning and gurgling coming from the outside, its nothing... pay it no attention whatsoever...
Poor zombie...wanting the animal crackers
Whelp, sleepytime. Good night everyone.
Who is playing right now, can they read the chat?
for the love of god
night Reikim
RAAWRAKSGROOWORGOEOORORO R U SURE NOBODY IS IGNORING.SOMETHING?
night Reikim
what was that lee? i cant hear
kill it already
RRRRAASWWRRR UUUAAAAHHH
He has one massive hairball
Oh bull. D
Seems legit
*XD
0,14good night, Reikim
welp
we're boned
put the walker out of it's misury
Pissed off zombie outside... just putting up a fuss...
SlurryMoon: that noise....
SlurryMoon: kill the fucker and get the animal crackers
00,10yaba my iceing
/me lurches, hwooarrghblarghhh, hooves reaching out in front of him!
Who leaves a zombie alive like that?
Yaaaay!
Please kill the walker
getthe crackers its food
What is that zombie doing out there? O_O
Oh dear...
"yay"
Zombie masturbating?
lol
YES!
Wait...
Translation: what is love? Baby dont hurt me......
Probs
O_O
You can kill the zombie without any items
How long can the zombie continue to put out, out there!
Falcon punch that zombie!
Somebody screengrab this!
Until it dies again
I don't think the zombie realizes it can't properly speak...
lol
What is it trying to say?
G2G guys bye!!! Cya :)
Cya
laters cachi01|phone
bye cachi01|phone
Zombie translation: Hey help me or kill me already!!
And silence
That zombie really hates that seatbelt
I think the zombie is saying it got hit by a train.
Suddenly the sounds of silence
Good
SPANNER
Pick the crowbar!
I didnt know a side of a train could block sound
I think the zombie had a heart attack
Oh wait...
lol
Gordon Freeman has come!
USE THE WEAPON OF FREEMAN
okay monkey wrench
That's all he had to say about the Spanner was "nice."?
:3
SHUT UP
Hi guys. So what's on the stream this evening?
00,10at least shut the door
I finally played Black Mesa Source! :)
00,10oh it was shut
That teleporting door
Walking Dead? Ithink
Hey He's back!
So did I
Time to put that zombie out.
Demmon1 yes
It was very awesome...O_O
oh gosh really DX
Zombie foiled by a seatbelt
Get in with him
Yes you freaking idiot, the door *IS* closed!~
SlurryMoon Shoot it!!!
OH GOSH NO
inb4 ded
00,10time to go clubbing
Zombie: "Hey, I called shotgun!"
sit down, look him in the eyes and tell him how you feel
lol
Maid_RainBow too loud
weak hit
You know, talking to yourself is a sign of impending mental collapse.
SlurryMoon:
You can soot him!
dpont
heh...Toast
He can't reach him across the car with a tool? He's not trying hard enough!
00,10here let me let you out
Kurra no too loud
Nasty\
Clever
03 All that
Loot recived!
00,10yoink
03 for animal crackers
AlienWarhead yah?
What no double tap
animal crackers achieved
"All...I...wanted...were...the...CRACKERS!
we are saved
Those better be good animal crackers.
coud he not just of went to the other side
PHAT LOOT
Those are the animal crackers of the gods
give them to clementine
SlurryMoon: It's all about the kids
Hi Polydunami|HS.
You receive loot: Rare Animal Crackers of the Northlands
Achievement Get: Get the Crackers
Oh hey, Kinixys!
00,10now bite the head off of duck
"Yay"
00,10cookies
http://derpymail.org/
I has returned
It's Homer Simpson's box of crackers with a trip to Africa
Sorry, I'm in the middle of a pretty interesting read :$
omg derpymail! XD
Being bit does that to ya
give duck his last meal
My little dashie?
I hope he got the penguin cracker
00,10that's nice JappleAck, dont advertise
SUDDENLY ZOMBIE NOISES
is it advertising? I thought it was just plain cool as well as a service....
Oh no, my system does not support this video file.
Unless your willing o pay to advertise on this site. :$
Polydunami|HS: You reading My Little Dashie? *cries*
to
YET it is sill playing
i don't even have an accont @Sumica, i just thought it was hilarious
and now wedont
Shut up Kenny you're not helping at all the slighest. Just sitting there...
Ohhhhh...
No, I've read that twice already.
Clever AD
I can't wait until they kill Kenny
Did Lilly steal the RV in this playthough?
oh shut up Demmon1
I'm going through Homestuck and it's a very cumbersome read.
Dat train
:( Sorry?
i wasn't Adertising
Yay, they got it working!
Kenny is a LOSER
OH no, I wasn't talking about you JappleAck
I was talking about an advertisement on my video
technically, it was advertising
JappleAck, you have to pay the moderators if your gonna advertise on this site. :O
oh crap sryy :'(
Demmon1
but why? >.>
Its K
kenny can't admit his child is gonna die
That's the throttle. I state things out loud. :|
This is a rock
This is my fist
i FUCKING HATE trains
Dat giant pipe outside, use that!
0,14http://i.imgur.com/WZa0l.jpg
The statements of obviousness were worse in the previous episode at the farmhouse.
there is a set of tracks RIGHT next to the warehouse i work at
Derpy_Hooves: I like trains
AlienWarhead of course, which is whyI want Kenny to die in this playthrough.
Use a RPG
Everybody loves francis
the fucker comes by 20 times a day
yay
Lol. I don't.
Oh shit a hobo
Hobo ninja
CHANGE
YA GOT CHANGE
Oh no
Bill Clinton just said "If you like video games like I do, you know you need simulations to keep you in a constant state of anxiety.
I like the art style.
USE THAT PIPE
It's Squidward! :D
What a dick
0,14It's a magical hobo!
JappleAck that's a cool story
What
HEY I IKNOW THIS GAME!!! Oh hai guys
00,10genearly a bad idea to jump scare a guy with a gun
the giant piiiiiiipe to break the pin loose
This is The Walking Dead Game
hi Slenderman :)
CLEMENTIME!!!
BOO! AHH! *shoots him in the face*
"normal"
im kidding lol
It is this the first time most of you are seeing Walking Dead Episode 3?
NOrmal?
ben why you pig
CANDY?
oh ben you so silly
Whaaat?
dat face
MY CANDY!
DUCK!!!
He lives
Except you know...for the whole...zombie thing
Why's Duck sick? And where's Kenny?
no slenderman you cant have duck
Only the Hobo can save us now.
lol
Slenderman duck was bitten
ShortFuse: (Dammit)
0,14hobo song time? <3
sorry for idling so much :/ so many things to do irl
...
i wonder if you can consume zombie flesh
I like this hobo
Hope to be done in the next 30 min..
and not get ill
maybe if you cook it
KENNY!!!
Buytoast: doubtful
buytoast you would probably get sick
i hope chuck lives
Gather round' as I tell you the story of El Chupakneebray.
how did he even--- ffff--- what--
its ok kenny no one likes duck anyways
I'm sure he is fine>_>
Get rid of the kid
Kill Duck. KILL HIM WITH FIRE
no worries
Kill the Duck
Now lets get this train moving.
about that train meme....
Damn kid makes me hate Ducks now :|
Lol
The terrible paradox of the zompacalypse: you need to be hard enough to recognize when to abandon a fellow survivor and not become so hard that you just kill anyone in your way.
Give that zombie a hand
lol gtg guys :)
bye
High ball man! High ball with dat train! :D
bye
SpadeMagnes[R]: :D
Bye Extreme :)
00,10man that train is quiet
That noise is going to attract some zombies
train's a good way to travel with all this zombie business going on
Yep
Thomas was very sad that he had to move a bunch of survivor and a sick kid, but Thomas had to go somewhere
kill him now!
THROW HIM OUT THE DOOR
Oh ooo ;3;
When it train is under power it should increase in noise. THe sound it's using is when it's stopped or in idle
then he suddenly BITES
Duck's gonna kill the lady, but I forgot her name...
great idea leave duck with his mom so they both die
00,10he is so gonna rip out her neck
Pour BBQ sause on him and use him as bait.
Shouldent the mother relize Duck is a lost cause?
It's aweful.
SlurryMoon: don't spoil it for me D:
even if its a joke
GO!
YAY
I've played this before anyone else?
SpadeMagnes[R]: the mother knows all to well, the father on the other hand
0,14Kinda hard to let go of your kid
Wait who is streaming anyways?
Nope
If i was a parent, I couldn't bear to live with seeing my son as a lost cause. ;_;
0,14^
Yea I know but even a parent has to know when there's no hope of saving him and dooming the rest
But your not a parent.
and I ain't never even been a parent ;___;
i'm glad i ain't burdening myself with kids
</3
Poor kid......
Don't the living die first before they turn in this game?
/me tears up.
LEE KNOCK SOME SENSE INTO HIM
DO IT
fight
Darn it
FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT
Kenny has to realise that its happening
Fighting would only cause the train to crash.
NOOOO
YES
Phew.
SlurryMoon!!!! OMG! HI!
is this... Walking Dead?
Kennt has seen reason
Success
:'( this moment
....Yay! You did it Slurry!
heh Handle it
....Oh my god.
Ford it
00,10some one bring the cinder block
YAY
that actually really isn't the way it works in the world.
I'm gonna start to cry........
Sumica: they gots a gun
Big_Mactintosh_1992 yes the videogame by TellTale games
Someone gun him down!
Whoa take it easy on the brakes! You didn't need slam them on
Yay
00,10waste of ammo
wow... this is the part i come back to? :(
00,10just lay em on the tracks
Sumica: never said they were smart
....Oh come on ;_____;
Sumica you heartless wench!
0,14;___;
Oh crap
Put him out of his misery, he deserves that much
:'(
AlienWarhead: I knew it was the video game haha. Just wondering if thats what it was
...Im seriously crying....
Even fluttershy can't yay normally:'(
*sniff*
/me goes to find ManUp.jpg
At least end his pain
:'(
:(
how did Kenny get married to a lady from Belgium?
:'(
hey
H GUYS IM NEW HERE ;D
:'(
00,10do it
It's simple. Throw him out off the boxcar. It will kill him in a instant and then if he does come back he will never catch them
NewGuy... you're ruining the moment
Hi NewGuy you came at a great time lol
While the train is moving
:'(
/me cries.
:'(
half life 3?
Hi NewGuy welcome to bronystate
im sry Slenderman :'(
... all my feels D:
NewGuy: But then another new guy comes in and you have to change your name to Used To Be The New Guy
Oh my freaking god....
Spectrum_Rush that's rough buddy
YOU MUST!
q mad world song
Do it!
:'(
:(
I hope she doesn't get bit
00,10quick now while they both are not looking
/me crys.
/me has to wonder that parents really go through this, with children with conditions like progeria or other things....
:'(
/me hugs LadyCanary
sad ain't it
.....My fucking god......
Dont lie to the kid!
/me hugs LadyCanary as well
awwwww
...
Dead
GODDAMMIT.
Welp that ended fast
NOOOOO
:'(
;____;
Well than...
a moment of silence for the boy, no?
Kurra it probably is not as bad as this, but still bad
:'(
inb4 its not what it seems
Goddammit WHY WALKING DEAD WHY.
She got shot, calling it
http://cdn.derpiboo.ru/thumbs/1000/700/2012/09/17/19_37_09_851_100352__UNOPT__safe_fluttershy
She shot herself, I know it
Oh my god....
So sad.
:(:'(
Oh god. Oh god oh god oh god no.
SlurryMoon: SHUT UP
Sylandest and one other
:'(
/me Isn't crying
:'(
yay
03 Derpy... just don't watch
/me is crying a lot.
She killed herself along with her son in one shot with an exit wound...?
OH MY GOD NO
...
/me holds LadyCanary "its alright...we're here."
........
NOOOO!
Demmon1, LOUDER
OH NO
God damn it woman!
WHAT!
D:
:'(
NOOOOOO IT FUCKING GLITCHED
oh lord no
WTF NO
Who is streaming BTW?
...
thought so
oh, never mind :'(
no...
why!
SlurryMoon: no its not that, he just spoiled it D:
SHIIIIIT
:[ THIS IS SO SAD
WHY DID SHE!
....Oh my god why.....
;____;.........
The boy did it
And we're not done yet kids
:'(
Duck...
well, tbh that kinda selfish of her
Kill the boy!
...My heart....
do i want to know what i'm watching?
You have to!
twilight_sprinkle agreed.
kind of a selfish world
My heart, your rippinf it out
a game... okay, which game?
WHAT :[
Walking Dead
0,14All the feels man ;___;
MirrorImage The Walking Dead
Walking Dead
Dead Rising 3: In Da Woodz
So would this have been avoided if we did it instead?
I cant stop crying....
SpadeMagnes[R]: no
Computer died for some reason. :S
OMG
Wait, what happened?
I walked in on a sad time man\
Mother shot herself
fathers worst nightmare.
NO
So theres no way we can avoid killing one or the other
:O
Thats sad :'(
SpadeMagnes[R] no most deaths in the game are unavoidable
:'(
:[ NOOOO
:'(
oooof
NOOOOOOO
....FUCK
damn...
:'(
:(
:'(
WHY!!
LOL
His Stache is impecable
:'(
THAT FACE
Entire chat is babies!
Tiberium its not funny!
NOOOOO:'(:'(:'(:'(
someone needs a new family
Waaaaaaaaah
:'(
heyy :<
Ponies47:|
wah wah wah waaaaaah
I think Kenny needs a hug
I just walked in. No context
thelonepony, sorry
AlienWarhead: Sheesh it's just a game.
Someone get me a pony plushie stat :'(
Cry some more!
enough context?
zombie camera angle!
/me hands Slenderman a pony plushie
sure
omg....so sad indeed
Ponies47:|:|
basically, it's halloween adn the kid dressed up as a zombie to scare his dad
and ohai MirrorImage ^_^
AlienWarhead is not amused
AJIsAwesome: *SQUEEE*
DAT DOUCHE
Ponies47:D
So what would have both of them had died if we decided to kill him?
new engine in ksp
Douchebag
pro: its extremely efficent
chuck you dick
:[BUFFER
...Ouch.
con: it will get you there but not particuarly fast
whatabastard
HE'S GOT NO GODDAMNED PLAN
GET ON A BOAT
bloody heavy things with 60 thrust
WHATS HAPPENING
he doesnt have a goddamnplan.jpg
Boats are good
i havent been on in a while:(
Hair
lol
Dude cut your own hair.
So much Canterlock wouldn't you say mods?
I love chuck
YOU BASTARD
you know...
The old guy is right...
He's way too blunt. Its not something you should say to a child. Not that harshly.
Rare footage of old Meanwhile
we all hate the truth, but at least he can say it.
i now hate the video game doom
Wise old hobo ninja.
JEEEEZ. :S
Way too many
dern you wise hobo man
flutterchu doom?
/me stares at Slenderman and his new pony plushie that AJIsAwesome gave him o.o
AlienWarhead: yes
im so confused...
LadyCanary, my grandfather was that blunt as well... it toughens you up ^^
NewSuperBronyU: Fuck yeah
/me gives NewSuperBronyU a pony plushi of his own.
I was taught as I grew up.
flutterchu what about doom?
lol that way yeah nice
11,02:D
Dat NewSuperBronyU
/me plays with his own pony plushie :3
11,02Dat LadyCanary O.O
You mean he couldn't figure out whether he was homeless or not
AlienWarhead: do you know rachel scott (or rachels challenge)
lol
SB! gimme dat plushy!
NewSuperBronyU! :3
"Got a drink?"
"Yes"
11,02Butt-Stallion: It mine though D:
11,02Ponies47 :3
flutterchu no who is that?
"Vodka?"
SB, its mine now D:
I GOT A DRINK
NewSuperBronyU: Moo
:3
On that midnight train to GEO'GIA o/~
11,02Butt-Stallion: :<
11,02Ponies47: Moo :3
i need to get this game
AlienWarhead: she died in 1999 in a high school shooting (she didnt deserve it :'() one of the two murderes desighned 7 levels from the video game doom
i have laggy internet....
/me gives Butt-Stallion the pony plushie and then runs away ;A;
>leave him alone
>go back instantly
Should a man who just put his son out of his misery really be driving the train?
/me glomps NewSuperBronyU and gives it back.
AlienWarhead: she had alot of kindness in her heart
DAMN SHUTUP KENNY
WOAH WTF
/me hugs Butt-Stallion back ;A;
KENNY JUST--- oh my kirking Celestia...
Dafuq kenny? MOVE
now NewSuperBronyU don't go brag about your plushie now and making ponies jealous, besides atleast for of mine can put your one to shame :P
AlienWarhead: she was the nicest person in the high school
Bitchy bitchy Kenny won't let him to the map bin!
*four
why did they model Ben after Michael Phelps?
AlienWarhead: i met her brother at an asemble (alot of people cried)
otakon!
lol i thought this was borderlands 2 for a sec
hiya Butt-Stallion
Well i g2g seeya around.
how are you otakon ^^
later Demmon1
okay
flutterchu listen the shooters were insane assholes Doom had nothing to do with what they did they just liked to play it
Bye Demmon1
bye Demmon1
Bye Demmon1.
fuckin internet
BOOZE!
Pills here!
AlienWarhead: oh they LOVED playing it
what happen ?
Helloo...where'd this bottle of drink come from...?
Drink the beer
some scissors o.o
oh boy
the whole video games make murderers argument
how did that fit in his pocket? O___________O
here we go
00,10if it's 1/5 wiskey what's the rest of it?
So you're going to offer the bum his own bottle of drink?
imsuprised that that fit in his pocket
Sumica XD
11,02Spectrum_Rush: D:
I feel like that could be the start of a "Who's on first" sort of comedy skit, Sumi...lol
Sumica - doom and despair
>_><_<
or courage
flutterchu I don't mean to be rude, but I play a lot violent games including doom and this game we are watching and I never done a violent crime
What a pottymouth
NewSuperBronyU: by the way you never mentioned who the pony was
00,10probably otakon
00,10er OtakuTom
but dont you think that she is a little more relaxed and slightly more mature now?
11,02Spectrum_Rush: It's obviously Allie Way ;^;
hiya NewGuy and Sumica
shes not acting like how a kid would really act.
LOL its just the thing
heya otakon
give a girl a gun
wow
dont misfire
I don't know why, but I get a kick out of when anyone accidentally pings otakon instead of me :P
inb4 she hurts someone
hey everypony whats up
Safety!
Kung fu
mine keeps bufering dammit
hi Moopy
how's about the safety switch!
hi
thelonepony: it's a world full of things trying to either kill you, rape you OR eat you.
Kids probably going to loose the gun out the door.
But whatever you do, do NOT shoot for the crotch
Sylandest: he'll get to that
That's just not cool
this is Rachel http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6b/Rachel_Joy_Scott.jpg
true otakon
00,10yes lets fire bullets in a metal box
Awww...that squeak was cute X3
mouse
yES
Hey, RACHEL!!!
There's a club for her
ha, this is fun! can i play with the gun some more, daddy?
At my school
flutterchu Are you saying Doom caused the murders?
Awwww :)
rna approved
YEAYAH
rna
Infinite supply of invisible bottles.
AlienWarhead: very small part but yes
AHAHAHA
Oh wow, i missed life!?
0_____0
YEEEEEAAAAAAHHHH
sorta a weird yet heartwarming bonding time.
SHOOT THEM WITH FIRE
Thats kinda dark
i guess we should ban any games with violence then
i hate buffer -_-
isnt that wasting ammo
its fun even...
inb4 she is a cold blood killer.
^
:D
always treat a gun like it's loaded no matter what
^
Is it really safe to have your legs hanging over the side of the train?
lol
LOL
because even if there is no bullets the sheer pressure from the muzzle can kill you.
your hair is so bad, its a hazard to our health
-_(\
trim the hair
twilight_sprinkle: :D
Clemintine's going to loose her fluffy hair...
YEAYEAH
Either we do this, or you become zombie chow
/me giggles.
lawls.
"I'd rather be dead."
lol
EEYUP
flutterchu That is a weird thing to say while we watching an extremely violent game
her hair grew back
instantly
wth
short long short long short hair?
MAGIC HAIR
how?
Hair glitching...
what
How many times is her hair gonna rez and derez?
back
YOUR A MURDURER
yeah, i killed a little girl...on a train...who wouldnt be quiet...
AlienWarhead: im..............not........wiered
dafuq
Hey I was just thinking..
what happened to all those extra people from a few weeks ago?
She looks weird now.
They stuck around for a little while but I havent seen them since
hair thingys
lol
flutterchu I'm not calling you weird
I don't know lol
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: PMV/Animation: Good Girl / Jaunt of the Lunar Mare
hair....thingies???
I like her new look :3
you could have tied her hair back, and told her to put that damn hat on -______-
Allairro is playing?
I couldnt remember who told them about this place
You can still grab her from the back
Could that be... ALLEGR0???
AlienWarhead: you literally just did
What's on the stream?
So...
NICE
she looks nice
no its slurry
Eeeeenope
man flutterchu, you ain't all that bright are you
Yes cause giving her a ponytail makes it harder for her to be grabbed
ASoftFluffyThing, The Walking Dead Game
DAMMIT KENNY
AdamTheDuck: Aaah
MANUP KENNY
flutterchu I said you said a weird thing
JESUS
Kenny still bitchy...
Buytoast: not today
SpadeMagnes[R], yeah, but her clothes can be grabbed as well. should they all just be naked?
cut his hair too
00,10just split his head already
AlienWarhead: whatever
Slap some sense into kenny
Mozdoc: Gee you THINK?
*cartman voice* damn it kenny
I think one of them knew c7, so she might have brought her over here
Or get him some booze
shoot him -___-
he just needs some ponies....that were infected by zombies....
Mozdoc: man just lost his only son and his wife
counterporductive
tell him his wife is on the boxcar
geez whats up with these pop up ads
00,10use pipewrinch on skull
beat him
But he just wants to get to the maps!
YOU KENNY
no
Freaking Kenny
talk to hobo
:|
Look, I know your son died but enough is enough
LOL kenny
Offer kenny booze.. I dunno.
dat yo
00,10yo/sup
flutterchu I'm trying to make you mad or make fun it's just it feels I've spend a big part of life telling people my hobbies are not making me a bad person
YO
Hey. Yo.
Sumica: talk to Charlie and ask about da booze
dat convo
yo
give the booze to the hobo and invite kenny to drink with him
anyone else getting lag?
you might as well be talking to a bag of sand there AlienWarhead
act like a zombie to scare him off the chair
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOZZZAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
Sumica: NO DAMMIT
YES DRINK WHILE ON A MOVING TRAIN
BOOZE!
YES
BOOZE!
VODKA!!!
https://dl.dropbox.com/u/51948537/screenshots/jool_encounter.png
BOOZE
SEATING LUBRICANT
i am phase, master of space
00,10it's not me otakon, I would have my mic
Drink makes anything better.
do you like bananas?
clementine wants a drink
00,10well that's BS
YAY
and then the train crashes
Okay show of hooves, who felt something during the Duck/Tanya scene?
time to drink life away!
shit
Sumica: who is playing?
Sumica ^
it's a ghost train now
otakon: SlurryMoon
00,10the train did't slam on the breaks as soon as he got up
And should a drunk be driving this thing?
flutterchu Sorry if I made you mad though
Spectrum_Rush: ah thanks
GODDAMMIT
OH SHIT
00,10yes we all knew
Oh shit
hiya SlurryMoon ..I thought you had a mic?
SHEEIIT
YOU BASTARD
Yeah, I figured that out at the start of the episode
SHE DIED FOR YOU YOU BASTARD
YOU BASS TURD
fff'f]f
This guy is such a shiiiiiiit.
00,10throw jack ass from the train
Why Kid Why?!!!
OMG BUFFER
Push him out! He will die right away! Just push him out the door!
Use wrench on skull
damn it shaggy
Who is this streaming?
NewGuy, eeyup
Falcon Kick him in the nads
RaveBrony, SlurryMoon
No srsly
Wrench on skull, NAO
USE THE CROWBAR OF JUSTICE
Ah, ty Phase4 :)
aahh she looks cute
That asshole got several people killed
00,10no wind
USE THE PONY PLUSHIE OF FRIENDSHIP
Train Fortress 2: Meet the Child
The pony crowbar of friendship
I think she needs some ponies
Slenderman: it was infected by zombies
DA, DA, DUM-DAA-DAAA o/~.....
AAHHHHH
00,02Sumica, i've made it to jool
CK|Werk: yes he did GOD did that piss me off
00,02Sumica, kerbin jupiter
if shes on tonight I wanna ask her if she can try it again
00,10oh right new kerbal
>_>
so how much did that Allie Way cost ya NewSuperBronyU ?
we need more peoples here :P
00,10forgot about it was playing planetside
00,02also it takes a LONG time
00,02even on max timewarp
Phase4: oh there a new planet now?
fucking buffer
00,02Spectrum_Rush, many new planets
Well I'm pretty sure she still has contact with a couple people who used to come here alot
00,02with their own moons
=D
The MMMMM!
Yo Sumica, is SlurryMoon the guy streaming?
00,10yeah
Kurra, /)
yes we do :p
well...nice seeing you guys...bye
(\n.n
bye NewGuy
Oh no....
loading...
OH SHIT BUFFER
ah snap
Phase4: actually oh crap, I can't figure out ponies for every planet and satelte D=
Now what...?
death
suddenly trouble
ewww... that could've ended badly
....
Ooooooh...
BUUUUUUUCK'
wow
Uh.
ooooh
.....
wow
00,02Spectrum_Rush, HA :P
:O
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
SHUTUP KENNY
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
0,14Well, that's unfortunate
That's kind of implausible
FFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU-
Cipher: eeyup
....
ben you idiot
Use the monkey wrench to unpin the truck.....
Inconceivable!
great, so blow it up
problem solved
my god, more people
DaringDerpy: it'll take out the train
dont talk to chuck like that kenny
the train can be moved away
DaringDerpy: yeah backwards
Ok, thanks Kenny
or open the tank and let it flow out
DaringDerpy, easy
HES A PEDO
O_______O
PEDO!
ALERT!
0_o
run!
o.o
._.
Ben is young and STOOPID
Pedobear powers activate!
She is the first person to guess that Lee is not her father
No shit they look nothing a like.
00,02>generator
0,14>get fuel truck down
I'd rather drag the truck down a side, instead of risking damaging the rails.
00,02>empty
Yo Sumica, can SlurryMoon see out comments?
Would anyone here wear MLP neck ties?
YAY
pedos gonna screw clem
00,02gee, i wonder if we can combine these things
Kinixys: Sure.
take the safety cone
Kinixys. yes
00,10should be able to Slenderman
secure the road
Kinixys If I got one
he is a little too happy >.>
Those STOP signs should work as giant shuriken
happy people are evil
^
O_O
Looks like they are available.
Throw a rock at it
jump on it
DerpyMuffins Clem has one
controlled detonation
DerpyMuffins: A ROCK!?
Eat it.
00,02hmmm
00,10how did they even get the trailer to move like that
backwards
00,02i'm really not sure how you'd move something like that without a lot of equipment
ponies moved it
Sumica: best i can think is it was backing up while turning slightly
if they had a oxy cutter
"get to know the girl"
the train is far heavier than the tank. is there a steel rope around?
cut it up if there is no fuel in it
Ken is planning to die, isn't he?
0,14;__;
That train is going to destory that truck man
soothing guitar. |v
Yo Chuck, can you play Airplanes by Plain White T's?
I know I can.
:/
We need Chuck Norris
I really like the little music there is here.
Well, it might do a fair bit of damage to the train, even if the truck were NOT made of explodium as they're concerned.
What a drama queen;)
he is trouble
I'm gonna touch it
Some times
00,02some times
zombie agents
I'd say empty the truck of fuel, perhaps drop the truck, then gently grind it aside.
0,14Omid is a bro
Hundreds>_>
some times lol
XD
tens<_<
dat cat
sometime >_>
So Ducky's dead?
This Omid guy is already weird...
Where's Katjaa and Duck...?
ded
yes :'(
Kandarihu yes
Vordox both dead
....
Damn man...
Spill out the load from the tanker first! Duh!
Vordox this game is just sunshine and rainbows isn't it>_>
oh just throw a match into the tanker
AlienWarhead: Heh....
Whooo California
Poor Kenny...
0,14haha
XD
Vordox no offense
his face
DAt hand raise
00,10bleh my download of KSP is damaged
*slowly raising hand...*
NOOO
AlienWarhead: Never taken.
Vordox Thanks <3
Use the tanker??
done with spanish! now i sleep, gnight
/me hugs everypony
night Dovah
they are waiting there
Walkers are going to get you if you go to the station...
Cya everypony
ZOMBIES
this can only end well
people will die
bye DerpyMuffins
Bye, DerpyMuffins
it's a trap
how does he look at that frm below
twilight_sprinkle: He has the magic of bird's view cameras.
That's what I'm saying. There'd be no physical way he'd notice the paint on the roof from down there.
Oh yeah, now's the time to be civil and take the stairs.
...why are all the signs and stenciling important?
im watching Avatar the last airbender, while I have a twitter alert going off at the right moments (btw the alarm is the "fluttershy yay"
good evening everypony :)
http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/21434143.jpg
00,02evenin kirzstryfe
Hai Kirz.
bye kirzstryfe
Hiya kirzstryfe.
hello kirzstryfe
hoi kirzstryfe
^^
hi kirzstryfe
Squallken, the Fluttershy yay is my IRC ping
Hey kirzstryfe!
IRC Ping?
-__-
Used to have that ping sound. Then I replaced it with Luna saying "ha ha!".
kirzstryfe whoops my bad 6_9
you have 50000 liters of explosive
use girl with window
!"*
I'll be very upset if Clementine gets killed.
they should get the door open
so did morgan freeman and little brittle abandon the others?
SlurryMoon: the door is further RIGHT
Oh, right. That's Sumica's ping, not mine.
YAY
*point's hoof/paw at NewSuperBronyU* YOU remind me of bronydanceparty *point's hoof/paw at Phase4 * YOU remind me of thelivingtombstone and *point's hoof/paw at Buytoast* YOU remind me of woodentoaster
00,02wat
walking dead is on stream, but I don't see Scoots in chat...
anyone feel like playing LOOM?
you have fingers
Sumica - i think a couple of us saw an answer if you want
not hooves
not paws
SlurryMoon: TO THE RIGHT
11,02O.O
YAY PAWS :D
kirzstryfe: SlurryMoon playing not Scoots
APPERANTLY clem can teleport
CHUCK PLAY SOMETHING DIFFERENT! Like Metallica!
03 shush
squallken so tell me about loom
03 I'm not an idiot
Suddenly, SB64.
SLURRY!
03 clearly I can't just open the door
<nocomment>
SlurryMoon APPERANTLY clem can teleport
/me noms on SlurryMoon
because this game reminds me of a LucusArts point and click adventure
yay
SlurryMoon: possibly the back of the train?
shove clem through the window above the door
uses thundershock at kirzstryfe
11,02Dat Kammerjunk O.O
SlurryMoon: Maybe the inside?
refuel the engine while you're at it
SlurryMoon I've play this before want advise?
Dammit, I want to see what happens in the game, but I need to go to sleep!
yay
try a levitate spell
Dat NewSuperBronyU O.O
Throw a cone at the truck.
dat hint?
oxy cut it
so SB, U preorder yet? >.>
Do ho ho.
if it falls, it might damage the tracks
let continentaldrift take care of it
talk to everybody. every single line
burn down the house
make them pay for defying death
^
summon cthulhu
Damn, it's 55 degrees out. I guess summer really is over.
Iä! Iä! Cthulhu fhtagn!
DaringDerpy, it's danging like one or two feet from ground level.
SUMMON KITTY FIREBALL!
fuckin internet
throw clem through window
SlurryMoon: you didn't search for enought to the right is all
this will end well
Yeah, just throw her in and run away.
you're sacrificing the little girl SlurryMoon? :'(
throw her in
Pick the lock lol
XD
good morning, everypony
she has some long arms
How?
FO' REAL?
Morning somepony_else
Pwning Clem
That was interesting. How did that work?
HOW?
hi somepony
morning somepony_else
She's a wizard.
morning AdamTheDuck, AlienWarhead and thelonepony
unarmed?
She reached down about four feet.
you don't prop doors open
prop it open with the girl
that's how the raptors get in
Mozdoc small lock at the top maybe
Hi, somepony_else :)
like a magic wand
hi somepony_else
Weird, why was there an event timer bar at the bottom on the decision to stay in the dark room or prop the door?
a crane
hoi somepony_else
hi AJIsAwesome and DaringDerpy *hugs*
hello twilight_sprinkle
Like a blowtorch, maybe?
I wish the game would let you use a box as a door stop
/me hugs somepony_else back
somepony_else, hello you
my reaction to realizing what scootaloo actually is: you poor orphan
hi Tiberium
See oxy cutting
can't you just use the blowtorch to cut off the door so you can get the blowtorch? >.>
Perfect logic.
^
cant use a box to prop open the door, thats ridiculous...
hint hint
pry the dor open with a freaking pallet. Honestly. For real. Please.
dig through
Wait, how is it too dark? You've looked around. Use visual memory to just navigate in the dark!
you missed seeing the zombie in the corner
inb4
oh shit
nvm
ohai
took her a while to say it
mother bucker
Those perfect timing zombies
kil him
Oh shit
Tool. Grab the tool...
ded
welp
O_____________________________O
jhbjmvh
ded
lol
oh hell O_O;;;;
Oops
omnomnom
ded
O_O
DAM!
....
DED
my god
er...
00,02ded
Yummy.
00,02the end
ded agin
0,14ded
ok that was a little much XD
not big suprise...
damn
The Many Deaths of You
poor samule l jackson
GAME OVER YEEAAAHHH
you can die in this game? i liked the system of heavy rain more
why does he call her scoot? she's a little girl, not a chicken
DED!
Ded.
Oh, consarnit.
uuuugh
protip: don't die!
^
twilight_sprinkle just if you mess up
And in front of the kid too. Shiiiit
Yes, the damn tool is there! He just looks at it and doesn't do anything with it!
kirzstryfe, he's telling her to scoot.
^^^^^^
obviously, looking at the spike remover is not helping
ded again o.o
FAIL!
i say try a punch
I dont think lol
03 dang, I was selecting "look at" instead of "grab"
it froze?
_xD
Oh lol.
XDD
XD
SlurryMoon XD
lol
gjgj
SlurryMoon - I KEEP LOOKING AT IT BUT MY TELEKINESIS FAILS ME
LOL at SlurryMoon!
I SAID SCOOT!
that ought to do it
derpy advice #32 when there's sombies in a shed that means fluttershy didnt kill rainbow dash
Press W to run like a scaredy cat!
Third times the charm.
use the force to sense where they are
YES! Tool! Come to meeeeee!
damn!
splooshg
daw
poor clem
And then she shot him.
Hello everypony. :)
d'aww
boom-ded
hi Sabershy
onoooo
Aw~
O__________O
yep
hi Sabershy
oh no!
thought as much
OH HELLO NO
Clem wanted to pop a cap in some ass...
OH SHIT
djbgsjd
Hi, Sabershy :)
Hello Sabershy
Or just hand the gun over through the hole at the bottom?
CRAP AND I AINT GOT KEYS
YES ITS LOCKED! YOU HAVE KEEEY!
Little girls are probably more prone to PTSD than grown men.
Good shot. Phew ;3;
ok...
BOOM HEADSHOT
GUNSHOT
Well. It did not go so well.
my heart is actually beating fast >.>
so cute
choice
yeah, you mightve Died!
but he did
"What if you hadn't?" We didn't have it twice as well.
he he he
Well YOU don't know that we DIDN'T handle it the first two times... hurrhurr ;D
oh boy
another power hungry one
I would just shoot her... shes a bitch!
well she is a goldmine of wisdom
she is a child snatcher
kill her
him and an 8yo vs 3 walkers, so what does she think her chances alone would be?
What are, lady? Child protective services?
sure he knows , its a team sequence , so hes gonna use clem with everything he finds
10 bucks says she steals the train
dear princess celestia
http://lukgaming.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/Phoenix-Wright-Ace-Attorney-5_2012_09-05-12_003.jpg_600.jpg
who seen crys LP? just curious
welcome to weeks/months ago there son
SAYS THE ONE who was tripping EVERY SINGLE GOD DAMN TIME in Episode 1, Lee?
and then they left the blowtorch.
Where's the blowtorch? In his back pocket?
lol Kurra
Vordox but blood is slippery...
pedo -___-
00,02that guy seems too happy
you don't wanna know, Mozdoc
00,02is he evil?
Why don't I trust either of these two?
yah dewd
00,10those eyebrows
Mozdoc jeans of holding
these people placed the truck there
inb4 everthing explodes
you can push him off the bridge
oh my gosh this guy is like in 11th grade XDDDD
XD
they are cannibals
acorrding to research i found out that needy, needy: *slaps flutterchu * DONT CALL ME NEEDY*,needle is going to be eliminated
*Blowtorch just expands out from back pocket*
Plug it with your fist.
tape....
Tape fixes anything.
Ducktape works every time
DaringDerpy that is so one episode ago
O_o he saved him?
Hit your head on it.
tie a rope to it and the train and tow
DaringDerpy, good idea c:
00,10firballs require air and spark
fireballs require NOTHING!
Fireballs require 20 mana.
actually fireballs require a level fo 36 in destruction
00,10there would be too much gas not enough air to ingnight it
we need a volunteer ^^
0,14Fireballs require the burning passion of a patriot
drop some weight on it?
Fireball = X + 1M
Sumica also down, down foward, foward, punch
+1 for each additional target
LOL
XD
lol
"THe hell you are" X
Good evening everypony.
perfect timing
oh lol
Yay
OH SOME ON
AWW HELL NAH
The...Horde...
Walker horde
drive!
OH SHIT
00,02this could be bad
00,10blow torches have alerted the hord
oh crap
OH NO.
THE HORDE!!
O_________________________O
sheeeeeeeeiiittttt
Omid has started the horde!
There's a whole lot of something coming.
into the train and run over them
And it crushes Clem
jumppp
OH GOSH YES THANK YOU GAME X3
00,02quiet train
.....OH GOD.
Oh, you could just jump onto the train...?
hopefully that'll slow them down
hiya LadyCanary
break a leg
push him off
The timing of this achievement
SlurryMoon: do NOT push him
quick-accelerating train
yeeesss
XDDD
PUSH HIM!
O___________O
NUUU
Ow
00,10woops
lol
fail
OW
i liked that guy
and that's why you don't push him
Phase4, it's a CSX train. A train that kills one ton of zombies, on just one gallon of fuel.
ouch
:D
WTF Slurrymoon!?
they gonna die
no?
You killed Odia...or whats his name...
ok
Weird glitch...
wait . . . SlurryMoon's streaming?
otakon it would have happened anyway
lul
She's not injured
O________O lol
Canadian_Brony: Yep. :O
NO!
AlienWarhead: he didn't know that
AWESOME
Canadian_Brony: IKR?
...Phew ^^"
I would have saved her, because she is healthy
00,10walk through fire, not on fire
KA-BOOM!!!!!!!
There was no boom! Hardly even a campfire.
waiting for boom
where boom?
00,10lame
SlurryMoon: still pushing him was the bad thing to do
no BOOM?
No boom?
awwwwww
i just have a quistion about cupcakes (i finally read the whole thing)
"Where's the kaboom? There was supposed to be an earth-shattering kaboom"
So, I have this theory about zombies and fire.
Disappoint game. Disappoint.
*boom*
So long, suckas.
happy?
flutterchu -___- PM
DocSane: that they don't fear it at all?
Well, the cast is getting a bit too thin. Good to have some new additions.
00,10no questions flutterchu
Phew.
better yet
MirrorImage wins reference of the night... :>
im glad happy mans alive
Sumica: it's not about violence
If you start burning zombies behind a fence, and more keep coming, won't it create a perpetual blaze?
dont matter
BEWM!
:'( that picture
DocSane: it'll die down eventually
/me throws a stick of dynamite into the chat
00,10it's about cupcakes so no
/me dodges
my god, a city!
Like, as the burning ones are consumed, more will just pile up to feed the blaze?
/me eats the dynomite
/me tackle-noms otakon
Sumica: T_T
wait what?-OOFFF
well everypony i have to go to work now
ohai kirzstryfe. SlurryMoon is streaming
Bye Maid_RainBow
Maid_RainBow laters :)
/me grabs kirzstryfe and removes him "Why must you nom me?"
kirz! ^_^
seey Maid_RainBow
bye Maid_RainBow
have fun, Maid_RainBow
bye Maid_RainBow
/me huggles LadyCanary
Blood everywhere
:O
00,02Suddenly
Sorry Maid_RainBow Hope it's a good day.
his thought are on betrayal
WHAT?!
stupid keyboard is still stupid
mah god
ooono
voices
bye Maid_RainBow
O.O
:O
sounds legit
DUN DUN DDDDAAAAAA
WAT A TWEEST.
:O
WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
bye bye everypony
Dat twist
:O
lol otakon
0,14THE PLOTT THICKENS
dammit LadyCanary you beat me to it
00,10so is she like the chearleader or somthing?
WHAT A TWEEST
Spectrum_Rush.exe has stopped working
Episode end!? NOooooooooo.
oh no
Maid_RainBow, thanks
that's it?
this could turn into another Half-Life
SlurryMoon: you HAd to push him didn't you?
cute srickers
otakon no she got batteries at the end of episode 2
Canadian_Brony: :D
AlienWarhead: yeah and it'a been about a month since the end of ep 2
the hell?
03 Wow..
0,14He will kill them!
umm
LOL
well that is vague
03 what a great title and desc
..............................
hello everypony.
SlurryMoon: must be a glitch
hiya Chachamuffin
XDD
hello Chachamuffin
/me is dissapoint
Hi, Chachamuffin.
Welp I'm gone see ya
Uh... the descriptions of the choices are missing.
hi Chachamuffin
I wonder if you can get a story line where Omid doesn't hurt his eg.
Oops.
It's not a Glitch
hu Chachamuffin
/me is shocked
=P
Mozdoc: eeyup they are
03 seems the designers forgot something
I dont get it....
:)
03 or it's glitching
what am i looking at?
Mozdoc the /everything/ is missing
It's probably mean tto do so during release dates
I'm surpised the rations are so nearly 50/50
blunt
00,10click harder
SlurryMoon still not as messed up as my save files
Well apparently everyone whose played this episode feels 50/50 on it all.
they never tested it until the end
So people can see it later NOT knowing what they choose?
SlurryMoon: glitching, try to verify the files later
Placeholders. I'll bet it'll be patched by tomorrow
Guys
what
I'VE PLAYED THIS
Yes?
yeah?
cool
it came out like 2 weeks ago
ok?
otakon ME TOO
I have it on PS3
Yeah?
oh, i missed it 6_9
18 hours to go
LadyCanary1 derp
I bought the season pass and everything
Butt-Stallion . . . Borderldands 2
Yup?
Derp.
Canadian_Brony hehe yes :)
Butt-Stallion /)
otakon I have it on 360
ah
Canadian_Brony (\
So right now the game just said "You made a choice 1 and 50% of players agreed with you!" "You made choice 2 and 53% of players agreed with you!"
so what now?
03 hmm... took me 2 hours and 48 minutes
SlurryMoon, you slow!
03 ehh... maybe closer to 3 hours
SlurryMoon: Not bad!
SlurryMoon: took you a bit faster than me actually
11,02kirzstryfe: Yesh, OFC :3
XD
ohai NewSuperBronyU
11,02Hai :D/
hello NewSuperBronyU
?!?
Mozdoc: that makes sense.:P
hii NewSuperBronyU
Hey SB
hiya NewSuperBronyU still getting a Wii U?
Hai, NewSuperBronyU :)
who isn't otakon?
11,02otakon: You bet :D
Hello NewSuperBronyU
11,02Hai :3
Canadian_Brony: me but that's mostly lack of money and lack of really good launch titles
Moo
I'm not.
hello, NewSuperBronyU
03 lol peak-a boo the cat
I already got my WiiU preordered, too :P
david: AW seriously
I don't even know if I have a Wii, I sure won't be getting thr Wii U.
the*
Okay, to bed. One more day of class then weekend...
otakon I need a job . . .
night Mozdoc
Canadian_Brony: me too :(
I'm waiting a couple of years to get it.
night Mozdoc
THE WALKEN DEAD
night Mozdoc
g'night Mozdoc
AJIsAwesome: it'll be gone by then
Mozdoc: Ha ha! I'm about to head to last week's classes now.
Bye, Mozdoc :)
Okay, everyone. I've got to get to bed.
oh lookie
Mozdoc: But yeah, sweet dreams.
otakon: That's what they said about the Wii. :P
well Shizuka must be pleased
DocSane: 'Night.
Night
torchlight2 is out now? That explains where Shizuka is
night DocSane
Night DocSane :0
*:)
The best achievement is "Too much salt will kill you"
COH 2
david: aw seriously
Train Sim 2013 is out now? MUST! Not buy! :P
night DocSane
And I will be heading to school. Up yours, dead hours!
Train simulator: best Game EVAAAARRRRR
03 hmm, that was fun
g'night docs-
dammit
>_>
night DocSa... gone
Hey SlurryMoon. Train Simulator play next? :P
ooooh
bye Kammerjunk
ice cube: whaaaat
AlienWarhead: I liked "You fight like a dairy farmer" if only because it references "Inspector Hector In Badge of Carnage"
Borderlandss 2 is awesome
not questions asked
yes it is
dem icons
It is?
yay loops
unless you keep dying
YES
Sreamception
ice cube: hey guys,can i be part of your aliia-
TRAIN SIMULATOR YEEEEEAAAAHHH
DEM ICONS
I'm not going to buy Train Sim 2013 >_><_<
we!!!!!!!!!!!!!
streamception
stream ception all the things?
Ponies47: XD
over and over and over to enemies that shred your health and shields in milliseconds
SlurryMoon very fun will you guys do episode 4 when it comes out?
:D
this is awesome
Dis mind f***
Ponies47: OVER 45 NEW TRAINS
woah :D
AJIsAwesome over 87 bazillion guns. You can throw a grenade that homes onto an enemy, which it sticks to, then explodes into 5 seperate grendades that cover your enemies in acid
:P
Chachamuffin: Wait you play that game? O.O
SO AWESOME /)^3^(\
Canadian_Brony: Seems promising.
Lol no.
Well, I've finally read through Act 2 of Homestuck
03 Alright guys ^^
Just a joke.
david: AW seriously
and don't even get me started on the Gunzerker
Chachamuffin: Ah. But TRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAINS! :D
Thanks, SlurryMoon! :)
Canadian_Brony: or how about the shields that absorb bullets shot at you to refill your own stock?
:O
SlurryMoon: thanks man that was enjoyabel
Yes!!!
good thing SlurryMoon 's stream is muted other wise that yay ping would echo forever
thanks SlurryMoon
ITS LOTS AND LOTS OF TRAINS
00,10yay biger RCS fule tanks Phase4
all dem poni icons
thnx SlurryMoon
thanks for the stream SlurryMoon :)
00,02Sumica, ikr!
too bad i missed most of the stream..
Thank you SlurryMoon for the always awesome stream, even if I missed most of it.
00,10and seperation boosters
00,02Sumica, plus the tiny srb's
00,02yeah
Thanks fun loves seeing them Walking Dead bits
Ponies47: I like trains. PEEEEEEEEWWWWWW
off to play some CnC. See ya guys
Thanks for streaming SlurryMoon
Bye Tiberium! :)
Now we wait for the next part
So guys when does bronystate do lets plays normally or is it random?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJDCjpq3vSA
yes sir.
00,02i'm trying to land on jool right now
I feel like I should get to bed soon...but I'm on vacation now...lol
AlienWarhead: Random.
:p
00,0228KM up and the atmosphere is thicker than kerbin already
otakon oooh, haven't seen any of those yet
Canadian_Brony: I have but at the lower levels the chance is less than 10%
ah
is anybody streaming because I'm getting the buffer of death
Hopefully we won't have to wait as long as we are for Season for the next Walking Dead episode:p
I love Tediore weapons
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6W_ETBVdoKc I love this video
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wEqOvYejRyI
lol i wanna play this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvubWk6d_gc
BOOMBOOMBOOM *chuck* BOOM
i guess not
weeping_pegasi82: no, the stream just ended
Whoa, three Youtube links in a row :O
Goodnight bronystate
Just finished
weeping_pegasi82 you jsut missed it
Good night, AlienWarhead!
g'night AlienWarhead
good night AlienWarhead
00,10likeing the guides
Night AlienWarhead
there are also shields that boost your first shot by a huge percentage in exchange for shield energy, ones that damage melee attacks with various elements, ones that make you immune to certain elemental types
00,10for like mass and thrust
well I'm off to bed just came here to check on what was going on
good night weeping_pegasi82
g'night weeping_pegasi82
Night weeping_pegasi82
And good night to you, weeping_pegasi82!
Night weeping_pegasi82! :)
night weepi... damn it
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oL8pvC3mxGo
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sN0J04ozjwg so awesome :$
thelonepony: I love this. :D
where is she lol
/me Looks at clock
It's midnight here. :D
10pm
1:00 at my place
1:00 am
midnight right now :D
/me Flips table "God (squee)! Not (squee)ing again! It's Midnight!"
Welp time for bed :P
It's about 69:69 around here :P
dem squees
well im off 2 bed night everypony :)
Night everypony
g'night Ponies47
Night Ponies47
Ponies47, good night
Good night, Ponies47
g'night sket-
Sleep be to all
gah
not me
night Ponies47
Night Ponies47 :)
Ponies47 DONT GOOOOO
:O
less than 30 days until the anuncement of the anouncment of season 3 it feels like tor all over again
i waz gunna say dat
gah
beat me to it
Hasbro's getting Valve syndrome
scared of the 3rd installment
delay
but then tor sucked
after delay
after dealy
*delay
godammit
Canadian_Brony: Let me help you.
00,02where'd SlurryMoon go
?
03 I finished streaming
Chachamuffin: But I must go. For I need my beuty for I AM RARITY! http://tinyurl.com/745ujhf :D
Phase4 nowhere
*beauty
he was nom'd upon
00,02SlurryMoon, y u no update skype :P
/me noms SlurryMoon
Canadian_Brony: http://www.equestriadaily.com/2012/09/30-days-away-from-season-3-announcement.html
Ponies47 . . . you are not Rarity
NOOOUUUUUUUUU!!!!!!11111:P
Canadian_Brony: I know
Man, that's one ponified desktop there
start streamen some techy stuff
Canadian_Brony: Just being silleh agian :P
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXwkfSmYkf4
03 update?
Ponies47 must go because his peeps need him.
03 I haven't gotten any news about update
Skype can be updated?
SlurryMoon, your desktop rox
that it does
akward silence...
IKR?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3cvihYafCs If I knew the timing, I'd play this thirty seconds before the announcement :$
YEAH TOAST!
Dead.........
silence.......
Gone!
Have a moment of silence for the beloved Squishy http://i.imgur.com/NC4tZ.png
> I leave you with my favorite Luna qoute http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VPHubhsxXPw :3
SQUISHY! :'(
:(...........
I will now break your silence with a Hoedown http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwvXWomCohA&feature=g-vrec
Captian Squishy has died with great honor :'(
Grass grows birds flu sun shines and brotha i hurt people
SO MUCH WIN
Coming soon....Dead Scilence 2!
Heh dat pinkie pie with paint stuff
http://cheezburger.com/6596372992
ninight alll....
g'night Kurra
night Kurra
Sleep be 2u
Night Kurra. :)
/me crashes on a bundle of hay :>
Goodnight Kurra
cx
im about to pass out... but not yet, not until this kindle fire is dead.
thelonepony: LOL 11 drunk guys playing Slender.
Night Kurra.
Who likes to see Ryan Stiles do impressions of Carol Channing?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IK85wO-I-wo
NIght Kurra
That's one of my favorite episodes, Canadian_Brony :P
awww http://cheezburger.com/6370862080
"This is what I have to do to please the f*cking Brit"
Anyway, it's bedtime. I've gotta run some errands tomorrow to get ready for a wedding on Saturday. See you all later.
Good guy Mewtwo
I'm hitting the hay. g'night everypony1
night Canadian_Brony
Good night, Canadian_Brony
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fmlQ3-05kk&list=UUeKLuqGciqZZ5RFYk5CbqXg&index=1&feature=plcp
hey everypony... want something good to listen to? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEmn9XXgZss
No stream, eh?
:/
dont know
eeyup
I noticed the paintchat just now, it's interesting that you have one.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gT9r_-oHJV0 This fits :3
0,14wwell, I'm off to bed
Night, Cipher! :)
0,14good night everyone
Especially since it's in disuse. Oh, night Cipher.
Cya Cipher!
night Cipher
Good night, Cipher :3
THE MASTER RECOVERY CENTER IS BACK (now flower woody and bubble can be alive)
I guess ill head out too, been lurking all day. Good night, bronystate :)
g'night Saxy
night every going to sleep
Gnight ravebrony
night RaveBrony
Good night, RaveBrony
NIght RaveBrony! :)
night Rav...gone
Night thelonepony! :)
I found Detention last night :S
No offense, but could you ease up on the BFDI stuff please?
Just a little bit.
AJIsAwesome: is ease up mean stop posting links?
flutterchu: Just post every now and then, not every five minutes. Just take it easy.
AJIsAwesome: five minute's is actually pretty big
flutterchu: :I
And chat is ded.
R.I.P. chat
chat is DED!
In that case, goodnight chat and everypony. :)
http://s1260.photobucket.com/albums/ii571/flutterchu2/?action=view&current=a8597c2e.png
twilight_sprinkle SPRINKLE!
Night Sabershy
Night, Sabershy! :)
night Sabershy :)
/me nomz Panda :3 "PANDAAAAA"
nite Sabershy.
and gnight Sabershy
how r u Panda-san?
hiya Panda what's up?
twilight_sprinkle I'm good ^^ actually and happy... for once
Panda: yay :D
otakon O_O ive been talking to you this whole time. you didnt notive me?
notice*
Panda: something good happened?
Panda: no pings
yay Panda's here!
DAT PANDA
otakon I was Butt-Stallion >.>
Panda: oh...well that makes sense
dat borderlands dos..
I thought that might have been Bronysith
otakon Egads no!
lol
Also I see pony icons
I've been watching "Super Size Me" on YT
otakon oh my. how come?
just bc
going to bed
night Derpy_Hooves
twilight_sprinkle, and my cat is awesome...
NIght Derpy_Hooves
I felt like watching something out there
night Derpy_Hooves, stay derpy :)
otakon: How is it?
and for some reason I like documentaries like it
AJIsAwesome: informative
Alright.
Panda: ye, cats are kewl :D
no straem?
bye Derpy_Hooves
otakon hm... I can see that. There are many things that are interesting :)
eeyup
ASoftFluffyThing: eeyup
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obvHCcJqVNU
i have to leave now bye
hm...
Shizuka should stream~
I wonder, has the second half of Gunbusters been streamed yet?
NOPE.AVI
WELLP.
night, residents of b-state. im off to bed to face exams tomorrow. wish me luck!
Bye Sylandest
Good night, Sylandest
:)
awww she was online on her ps3 a half hour ago and I never even noticed :/
Night Sylandest
Good night, Sylandest
what, no good luck wishes? I suppose I'll fail then. hmph. X3
XD
I thought you were going to pass ._.
Polydunami: I'd rather ace, if possible
Sylandest, I wish you well
night Sylandest
Okay, then what's stopping you?
:3
Polydunami: I will answer that after bedtime :3
So, how about that local sports team?
Right. I hope you do well regardless.
:)
no stream? :<
Not yet :P
the stream died :(
awwh
/me rubs Princess_Cadence
:) yesh my fur is soft :P :)
heheh
:3
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hmDZz5pDOQ&feature=my_liked_videos&list=LLF7smc0TDtWWIknqKADKOUw
Have some Megaman X, I guess. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DYwJHu2uSvA&feature=channel&list=UL
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZ6P5qFqGP4 I like this better though
stop sending weblinks please
Kay :(
Princess_Cadence: Why?
we dont need to se them thats why :P
That's not a good enough reason. :S
What else is there to do but link to Youtube videos? :S
wait till the stream is back up?
lol
Could take a while :P
its called patience :)
It's called passing the time :3
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKTJ2up89QM&list=PL3B82FC2D2A5AD5AF&index=16&feature=plpp_video Needs more Dedede
-.-
/me eats a tumble weed
<_<
Anyone here remember Spider? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Q0eoj8wkLY&feature=BFa&list=SPFD278B5B915434A2
Geh might as well turn on some Achivement Hunter videos
00,02Sumica, in the iva view theres a 'radar altitude'
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eL1LaE6vvp0&feature=BFa&list=PL0F49B3DB40DC9397 Oh andromeda...how easy you were...till your ultimate form showed up
I still have to 100% that game.
Yay stream
DAT WII
yay!
11,02Moo o3o
/me licks NewSuperBronyU :P
dat NewSuperBronyU
Only SF game I ever 100% was Starforce 2
ah
NewSuperBronyU stream <3
also morning bronystate
AJIsAwesome: eeyup but my fav was MASSIMO! His theme kicks more ass in my opinion but that's just me :)
NewSuperBronyU, I instantly guessed it was you
Hey there, NocturnalBlade :3
otakon: I LOVED Massimo's theme. Also Spider was kickass until the end.
ooo, brawl...awww
eeyup
/me slaps NocturnalBlade around a bit with a large trout "Go to bed, you have school today"
I see the usual of NewSuperBronyU tonight
NocturnalBlade: yeah go to bread for cruel tomorrow
A wild SuperBrony appeared.
Yay, more Rayman!
Rayman's oranges
11,02What's wrong with my usual stream otakon? :<
ASoftFluffyThing: ah, i thought it was you ^_^
otakon: do what now?
/me gives NewSuperBronyU a hug and waffles because moo-moos liek waffles
SpadeMagnes[R]: Jontron? :D
*Joshjepson
/me hugs ASoftFluffyThing back while nomming on the waffles
11,02i liek waffles :3c
NocturnalBlade: what? I said go to be to get ready for school tomorrow what did you think I typed?
wheres the any button
XD
Welcome back to Rayman's Oranges! :D
I prefer french toast, myself :3
otakon: you said bread...and cruel tomorrow
11,02AJIsAwesome: :D
Polydunami: /)
You gotta give SpadeMagnes[R] some credit though. He said it first. :D
ASoftFluffyThing /)
/me hasn't had french toast in years
NocturnalBlade: No I didn't, I said bed and school your mind must be playing tricks on you from exhaustion you should really get some sleep I think.
/me 13wonders how many ponies have torchlight 2
It's only on occasion for me :$
otakon: He has school at 6pm but he needs his rest.
otakon: i'm pretty sure i saw what i saw...and i dont have school until 6 p.m. so i'm good for now lol
I still say its nice that the rabbids got knocked out of the fucking spotlight
11,02I have Torchlight 2 Shizuka :)
By the way, it's easy to find the ingredients for french toast.
NocturnalBlade: Doesn't matter. Go to bed. Now.'
Shizuka: I can't afford it atm but I knew you'd have it by now how are you liking it so far?
SpadeMagnes[R]: YES. Definitely.
13i gave my extra copy to dad... who then started torchlight 1 :<
ASoftFluffyThing: but i gots some things to read *pout*
NocturnalBlade: Well, you have nobody to blame if you fall asleep in class.
funny you would mention Torchlight 2 Shizuka , I just got an email for it today
My dog is cute :3
Old, but cute
ASoftFluffyThing: i shall not fall asleep in class...i promise
NocturnalBlade: Pinkie Promise it.
torchlight 2 > torchlight 1
13^
13i hope it is more fun with others.. but i have nopony to play with .-.
ASoftFluffyThing: Cross my heart and hope to fly, stick a cupcake in my *places hand in front of right eye* eye
the ability to send your pet to BUY potions and scrolls is ... well... FUCKING AWESOME :)
Shizuka: I'm broke! I'm sorry :(
i have minecraft Shizuka if you wanna play that on xbox 360 :P
Ryunosuke: you could do that in the first one too
/me 13has never owned a console
you could?
Shizuka: not even a NES?
aww :( :P
13no
Ryunosuke: eeyup
Shizuka: O_O
13you couldn't make the pet buy in torchlight 1
13only sell
oh that was the difference then
thats what I though
anyway brb need to update flash
sending your pet to sell things isnt new
Shizuka: what was that movie you said you wished more peeps would request for movie night?
sending your pet to bring back potions and scrolls is
13all of them
Shizuka: all of them?
11,02Just need 40 more o-o
and ded chat is ded
Yay!
I'm really hoping Spaceballs could get an encore; I want to see it
Aw man, no medal. :(
11,02Darn :/
22 more...........:|
um NewSuperBronyU
lol im going through all my likes and comments on youtube from 3 years ago. i used to be a retard back then :p
is it me or is he stroking that tube a little TOO vigourously?
;)
otakon: He sure likes his lums.
apparently
11,02otakon: He can do whatever he wants, he's rich with lums O-o
NewSuperBronyU: have you beaten this game yet?
11,02Not yet, that's what I'm trying to do here :)
I love the LUm jingle
NewSuperBronyU: is Rayman fun?
It's Rayman!
i liked the raving rabidds series :$
I think it's more of an acquired taste to me.
/me has never played Rayman
Well at least you get another chance
Yep
11,02This game is like hundreds of times harder than the original Rayman game.
going to bed, cya
WHich is why I love it. :D
11,02It cool :3
and chat is ded again
11,02Everything about this game is awesome. The Gameplay, the difficulty, the music, the graphics, etc.
I can't wait for Rayman Legends to come out. It's gonna be SO AWESOME! /)^3^(\
11,02^
11,02I'm going to stream it when it comes out O-O
Hooray!
Oh my god, Rayman Origins...I loved this game like a teddy bear I couldn't stop hugging!
Mmm...going to bed. Night, bronystate
Night, ASoftFluffyThing :)
Oh, and one good thing about the Wii U, thanks GOD It only need just ONE controller.
So what's the penalty for death?
The rest are played with the Wiimotes you owned.
VenHur: Oh, DEFINITELY.
I'm glad that it can support up to five players.
11,02The penalty for death is that you have to keep playing the game over and over again until you beat it ;A;
Oh dear
nite ASoftSleepyThing
At least they make up for all those GBA cables...we ALL remember buying THOSE money-grabbers.
ASoftSleepyThing: dont worry, i'll be heading to bed soon too ^_^
VenHur: Yep. :D
Now...one sad truth in my life...I never barely have any friends. [dun dun duuuuun]
So you're very social?
11,02VenHur: You're mah friend O-O
No...for all these years, I've BARELY never socilized.
11,02So...then you HAVE socialized?
Oh, the way you phrased it sounded like you were. :$
/me 13never played any handheld either
:O
/me hugs VenHur :P
11,02Shizuka: You should get a 3DS and Wii U :D
13broke
11,02Aww :<
I skipped elementary school, skipped a TONS of grades, never BARELY have friends, and at age 16, I STILL lives with my father!
/me hugs Shizuka
13i can't go blowing hundreds of dollars on a platform i'll never use
And the worse part? I never BARELY talked in the edge of reality! Yet I sounds like an NORMAL person on the internet!
13really venhur? i haven't seen anyone i know apart from family in... five years
Normal is over-rated.
Why be normal when you can have a klondike bar? :3
Oh, and one teeny tiny little worse...err thing.
Shizuka, you should go meet people ^^
13can't stand people
I. never. STUDIED. [dun dun duuuun]
:( even me shizu?
13self-advertising gives the impression i like myself
13or minimally tolerate myself
:/
What's not to like? :S
Shizuka, you are awesome ^^ whats there not to like?
That's right peoples, i'm that ONE guy, the ONE guy, that doesn't have the [yay], to STUDY!
13that would be a discussion for three pints of cider and a box of kleenex
I'm just a human Garfield!
13basically kids, if you can avoid depression, avoid it
Make it 6 and add donuts and I'll join ya shizu.
And then one day, I camed into this little tiny site called a "Bronystate". I was still a newbie Brony, and a general chatroom noob.
VenHur: Being 54 and with two degrees, I find I don't need to study myself. Hah.
Actually, i'm 16.
I'm 18. :D
beat you! im 22!
Why would you want to study yourself, Kencolt? O_o
11,02Darn
:I
Panda: im 23
NocturnalBlade LIAR!
Panda: Curse you! You win this round.
I'm 54. 55 come november. My studies are long since done...
nnope...born in 1988
Kencolt: So how did you stumble upon this site?
Back then, I was knowed as "TooCool4TheInternet". That's right, I'm an banned person!
Kencolt really? ^^ I didnt know
1994 for me.
Which means your birthday is coming up soon, NocturnalBlade :3
But don't get me wrong, that was the past, I was an IDIOT back then1
eeyup, just like Kencolt
*!
NewSuperBronyU XD stop dying!
AJIsAwesome: I honestly don't quite remember... I think it was mentioned on EQD and well... I just kind of settled in here.
VenHur, I remember that :O
No online Why Ubisoft, whhhhhy? D:
11,02Panda: ;a;
Kencolt: Okay.
13SB
13STOP DYING
^
11,02okies ;~;
13THAT'S AN ORDER
Lol.
O_____O
But yes, Panda , I'm the "official" elder of Bronystate. So far anyhow.
Shizu-Dictator is now canon.
/me plays Suspenseful Super Hero music for NewSuperBronyU
13shizucannon is canon
Kencolt :) then I shall ask you for advice.
So yeah, I been so much of an idiot as TooCool4TheInternet, that Bronystate banned that account, never to return from the grave.
*shives* dont shoot me shizu :(
yea, Kencolt is older than me...i think i'm like the 3rd or 4th oldest here
And by never...
shivers*
NocturnalBlade: How old are you?
Panda: Sometimes I actually have some.
I mean NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER!
AJIsAwesome: 23 going on 24
I've been shot once...it hurt like a muthua-
Kencolt well... concerning school and stuff ^^
:O
hiya Kencolt
NewSuperBronyU: YOU CAN DO IT!!!
NO HE CANT!
^^
I tell you, don't dwell on the past; it won't do you any good.
^
i believe in you NewSuperBronyU
Panda: :[
So, then I make another account following my ban, VenHur.
SB die like the Wii-tard you are! >:D
VenHur: You got banned from here?
11,02:<
Panda: :(
/me helps NewSuperBronyU not die by dancing on his head
That is officially the ugliest monster I have ever seen with the exception of a princess in a cave in WoW.
Yeah. True story actually.
13not as ugly as princess whats-her-name
VenHur, it's in the past. You're always welcome on Bronystate!
VenHur: What did you do? :S
NewSuperBronyU use the force. D:
/me huggles NewSuperBronyU, "you know I'm kidding! you can get that plant!"
11,02VenHur: Your old account was TooCool4TheInternet?
uh... what princess?
/me huggles Panda back
13at least i think it was princess whats-her-name
13might have been the queen..
Whats her name!
Yes, you're welcome, and a broke a TONS of rules.
AJIsAwesome: doesnt matter what he did...he has changed and we should accept this
13only ever played the demo so >>
That's from Earthworm Jim
*I
NocturnalBlade: I know. Just wanted to know what he did. :D
13one of them was a gigantic slug
11,02VenHur: So...you're saying you're ban evading right now then.
NocturnalBlade: Don't get me wrong.
No no no no NO!
NewSuperBronyU, give him a chance.
oh no...
AJIsAwesome: lol sorry
That's Queen-Slug-For-A-Butt
Shizuka: The queen is in Deepholm. She's no looker either. But you have to fight the princess-- and that means looking at her weither you want to or not.
Like I said, it was the past, I'm NEVER looking back at it.
Mod-SB is scary /)_(\
Might as well :$
11,02Doesn't matter, your ban was set before and you never appealed.
Oh nuts
uhoh
Wut?
..........
Be reasonable now.... D:
13sb records show he was unbanned
/me hides behind Panda
...I understand...It was MY fault...
/me hides behind DeathStar
...I wanted to spill the beans for quite awhile now...
I'm not fuzzy.
Who is the fuzzy one?
...Friendship is more importaint to me than anything else I experienced on this site.
Panda: you are fuzzy
EVERYONE'S my friends, even the mods.
Panda is bald, you know that DeathStar, :/
We all have our greatest times. And I think now...the truth MUST be revealed...
11,02Sorry, one moment.
So as for thou punishment I must commeth, take me away.
...This is seriously cutting down on SB's stream time. Just saying.
D: not sb stream time! that's best stream time!
Ikr.
apart from the buffer show that is, that stuff's awesome
Sorry about all about this guys.
Question: Why was This guy banned for? Just curious.
DeathStar um... I think Sumi has better streams >.> though sb and shizu are tied.
/me hugs VenHur "its ok"
VenHur: It's no problem.
I like them both
VenHur: In fact, thank you for sharing this with us.
VenHur, I think your account was unbanned; if Shizuka's right, you're safe.
You didn't even have to.
Panda: but....but.... sb lets me dance on his head :'(
Well, I'm sure she is
[sniffle] I love you, my fellow bronys friends! You unlocked a piece of my heart: Friendship.
shizu is often right
:)
VenHur: daaaaw :)
VenHur: achivement unlocked: internet friendship! :D
bleep bloop
NewSuperBronyU has his "Good" mod badge set to "Bad" mod. D:
/me picks up DeathStar and gives her a big hug 'That's why you're cool :D'
13know what else shizu is often
And I promise, I'll be a better brony for all! For tacos! The internet! And the future!
Well, then.
I'm seriously glad I came here, even though I get sidetracked a lot and sometimes we have intense debates over the simplest of things. People like you guys give me hope for humanity.
Tacos you say?
/me huggles NewSuperBronyU back
why shizu
13here's to hopefully sleeping before 4am >>
*what
^^
Shizuschlafen, rest soundly hun. ^^
Get some rest, Shizuschlafen! :)
http://imgur.com/a/zZ788
sleep well Shizuschlafen
Shizuschlafen your always making chocolate pudding by that hour.
good night Shizuschlafen
Wii Remote shut off. :/
mmmm chocolate pudding
XD
DED
i would love to have that cut out :$
>Smashing head didn't work last time
Lol. He's dead Jim
Would ponies be good Halloween fixtures?
>Smash head again
Polydunami: Sure.
Polydunami: depends on how scary the ponies are
Polydunami: Just make them look creepy. :D
Well, that's not TOO hard..
.
DED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
VenHur: agreed
Ah yes, Rayman Origins, when this game camed back, we um...how I say it in an non disguested way?
DED!
oj
We uh...letted out a TONS of bricks!
ok*
Paused
Egad, that was an awkward typo, Panda xD
/me wonders if Season 3 will have another Nightmare Night episode.
Maybe.
just maybe.
It was so GOOD! I don't have a copy, but I played the demo of it, and by the beard of Celestia's Titanic, it is AWESOME!
NEW GAME: Everyone drink a glass of milk when SB dies. Last one to throw up, WINS!
I f**king love this!
Panda: I have no milk. :(
Implying Luna only shows up during Nightmare Night?
Panda: no thanks ^_^ my milk is resurved for cerial eating
I'd rather not waste my milk either :S
I reserve mine for cereal KILLING!
Panda: I'LL KILL YOUR CEREAL!!!!
Polydunami: well i said we need more luna...that was just a convieniant place to put there
^^
/me hugs DeathStar
Oh.
/me hugs Panda ^_^
Well, yeah, Luna needs more screentime
Princess Theradras. THAT'S her name. Redefines chubby.
Wish Celestia would get an episode as well. :$
I think that I should get an episode :3
Celestia SO needs a episode.
I agree, Nightmoon Moon was...an OKAY villain. Nothing over the top, nothing memorible, it's just...meh.
I think Celestia is one of the most underrated ponies on the show.
an
Polydunami: THANK YOU.
She is
Polydunami: /)
Discord on the other hand, oh-ho, he's a goodie.
AJIsAwesome /)
VenHur: Oh, YES.
Espectially after being voiced by Q. FREAK-ING Q WE ON HERE!
ok, i think i shall take ASoftSleepyThing advice and hit the hay..g'nite all
Also, AJIsAwesome, have you checked out my hostmask? :3
NocturnalBlade: Night! :)
Polydunami: Host mask?
Do you guys think Discord is Chaotic Neutral or Chaotic Evil?
SO....MANY....DED
NewSuperBronyU: run under his feet when he jumps?
CHaotic Nutso.
I think Discord is just plain chaotic.
Nothing more
AJIsAwesome: Deffinetly Chaotic Evil, he's not an anti-hero for Celestia's sakes, he's a PURE villain.
True.
ded
Now, other villains...
Gilda...I hate hate HATE her.
NO
Gilda is awesome
Yeah, Gilda is rather mean
like trixie
VenHur: she made fluttershy cry :(
misunderstood ;A;
Trixie is quite overrated, in my opinion.
Considering the fact that Discord spreads chaos and tyranny only for HIS enjoyment, I would see him as Chaotic Neutral.
Polydunami: Agreed.
If it for wasn't she keeps saying "Lame" over and over again, I WOULD of liked her, not because of Fluttershy, I'm argueing on the character ITSELF in general.
He does everything only for him, and he thinks his chaos is fun.
Did Shizuka move to Germany or something? Or is Shizuschlafen somepony else?
pretty sure that means she's sleeping
11,02:D
I mean, when her name was mentioned in Ponyville Confidential, this chat went crazy.
Trixie's name, rather
Yeah, Gilda's character was not well thought out for that episode.
AJIsAwesome: because it's only for his enjoyment is why he's evil, if he had a dramatic reason why it makes it less evil
Yay!
NewSuperBronyU did that coin just go... NIPPAH!!!!!!
11,02:D!!!
Oh man
Oh way to go!
NIPPAH!
:D
Now Trixie...I kind of liked her.
DeathStar: True.
11,02Trixie is better than Twilight
Dat dance!
Onstage, she's nothing but a SPOILED brat.
NewSuperBronyU D:
NewSuperBronyU: WINNER!!! :D
And New Moon... And Eclipse...
I can see her getting a redemption episode.
However, offstage, she somewhat showed her true persona, A feared pony that's doesn't stands up to herself.
If you really look at it... Gilda was just upset that her old friend found new friends... you realize many people are like that, who arent bad people >.>
Polydunami: why are you talking about the moon, I don't see how this relates to anything :3
If anything she felt replaced...
Okay, we're just going in circles now -_(\
Panda: but she made fluttershy cry even when she didn't know that she was rainbows friend
:3
DeathStar, Hating weakeness is a common trait for some. >.>
Walking around in circles, walking around in circ-DAMN THAT SONG! From the moment I heard it as a Groovie, it's never leave! It's just NEVER leave!
Land of the wintry babes?
Whoa! where are you?
Panda: well it's stupid and I don't like it :(
DeathStar, when did you get into this game? O_o
11,02Alright, enough of this game for now :)
Panda: what do you mean?
DeathStar nvm >.> I was calling you cute, but ok XD
NewSuperBronyU you should play something with me D:
Sorry. chat derp.
Panda: I already know you think I'm cute though ^_^
11,02Panda: Like? D:
NewSuperBronyU I dunno D:
The fandom's take on Gilda: You make Fluttershy cry, we'll make you want to die.
wait wait wait NewSuperBronyU... nvm >.< thats against the rules.
hm...
Lets watch a movie!
11,02What's against the rules? D:
To be honest, I can see Trixie as a tortured soul. A pony who's ben corrupted and twisted by the evils of society. On the inside, all she just wants is some love and recognition for once in her life.
NewSuperBronyU emulators >.>
*been
11,02Emulators against my personal rules :P
11,02are*
NewSuperBronyU, to my knowlege any form of piracy could not be associated with bronystate or the streams. Well... thats what I got out of what kirz and nittany told me >.<
I hate to say it, but I always plays the games I loved and some games I don't know about on emulators...
I think the first emulators I tried has to be a Genesis/Mega Drive emulator...
Why NewSuperBronyU?
NewSuperBronyU: BAH! I SAY BAH!
Well, there's an GOOD thing abotu emulators on the bright side.
eeyup
You can always save the game when you're about to die in a situlation.
o lord
the bullocks?
O_________O DAT ZOOM IN ON MY NAME!
oh God it's Kirby
KIRBY!!!!!!!!!
Oh, THIS anime!
Kirby!
Wait, Kirby?
sheep! my peoples!
eeyup
Is this Japanese version?
It's Kirby Right Back At 'Ya!
SAVE THE RAMS!
too late
...No...it's the HORRIBLE 4Kids Dub...
Kirby Kirby Kirbym uts a name you should know! Kirby Kirby, hes the star of the show!
oh no new zealand is being attacked!
damn that's kind of dark for a 4kids show
Hes more than you think, he's got maximum pink!
11,02DeathStar: Oh no D:
and suddenly THIS intro
*sigh* 4kids version. :|
11,02Dat otakick
BAK AT CHA!
lol
...Hate the intro...
its catch as hell >.>
catchy*
This intro is okay. It was catchy to me as a kid.
all my nostalgia!
Well, yeah, but One Piece and TMNT 2003 were...better in my opinions.
it's rather jazzy ^_^
Wait a minute. I never saw this intro as a kid. :S
That Pirate Rap.........I hated that........:|
I'm fine with the jazzy part, no doubt.
you know... kirby taught me one thing as a kid; EAT EVERYTHING AND SUFFER NO CONSEQUENSES
...God bless those cute lil' sheepys!
This is, I think, the pilot episode.
...Wait, is there even a "God" in Dream Land?
Hi horses
VenHur: Don't think so.
AJIsAwesome: they had a perfectly good version of the original theme BUT NO FUCK THAT SHIT apparently that fucking RAP made the cut
Paused
XD
FUCKT HAT RAP
OH GOD NO
Oh dear
FUCK NO!
a hat rap?
SB I LOVE YOU!
:|
NewSuperBronyU: HAVE MERCY!
11,02Panda: ^-^
what is this, TF2?
YES! YES! THIS is supperior!
/me kneels before NewSuperBronyU "HAVE MERCY!"
otakon: I saw that intro. It was AMAZING.
YO HO HO AND A BOTTLe OF GUM GUM!
Weeell, the intro actually, not the dub itself...
AJIsAwesome: agreed
YOOOOOOOO!
eh
....................
NewSuperBronyU: CAN WE WATCH THE GOOD INTRO?
Eh..........................
^
KIYP KIYO MOTHERBUCKAHS!
/me mutes his stream and hiya DeathStar
11,02This /is/ the good intro though o.o
Eh.....................................................
hi otakon
NewSuperBronyU: You lie. :|
11,02AJIsAwesome: No spamming please :)
HO HO!
NewSuperBronyU: no no it's not
the intro is.... strange...
now... SB, if you had a mic,I would ask for you to sing it~
/me doesnt like one piece much
You don't rap about Zoro. :|
11,02Panda: I could sing it cause I have it memorized :D
Who cares man, the rap kind of ruins it, but IT'S CATCHY AS HELL!
never been a big fan of one piece, i dont see the problem
One...Damn...Piece.
VenHur: ^ unfortunately.
I like One Piece
I mean, it's long but it's quite adventurous
SB!!! WE SHOULD DO A DUET!!!!
woah
I hated Dedede's theme in this show. :S
Panda: YES!
11,02Panda: :D
Also, the screwball comedy is A+ in my opinion ^_^
the designs were always too ridiculous for me
They were okay.
Not great, but not good.
dat terrible CGI
a telescope giraffe? really?
I rather have an anime based on Revenge of Meta Kni- [looks at SuPaH NintenDo'h!] ...Oh yeah, that happpens...
hm... Brony State Karaoke... I like the sound of that SB. FUND IT NOW!
dat stare!
11,02Interesting how King DDD is the only character who is done in CGI...aside from Kabu
Yeah, One Piece's character designs get a little... out there at times.
11,02Panda: Moo :3
NewSuperBronyU: Escargoon is also done in CG in certain scenes
Which is pretty much more and more often.
Polydunami and thats what I like about it :)
NewSuperBronyU: That part I never DID figure out.
11,02otakon: Tru dat :3
Polydunami: *Looks at Nami and Robin* :D
suddenly kirby cartoon o.o
NewSuperBronyU: why did the octopus eat the sheepies :'(
NewSuperBronyU: Yeah, that's kind of weird...
11,02DeathStar: Cause it's mean ;^;
I like to be a sheepie...
...But I been regnerated into a pony...
hm... I eat cows... AM I MEAN SB?!
11,0258 days left \:D/
oh god, its 12am XD
cows are tasty....
Case in point, AJIsAwesome :S
11,02Panda: Yesh ;^;
58 days left for the Wii U...
...That clock's still ticking.
VenHur: two months
I mean, as attractive Nami and Robin both are, they're still outlandish designs.
Inb4 Delay of the Wii U!
Yay, more sheepies!
NewSuperBronyU: but... what if it came to new zealand :<
Panda: don't say such things!! you'll give SB night mares
Polydunami EWW! you thought they were attractive? they werent even in proportion! body the size of a stick and boobs the size of watermelons? really?
11,02DeathStar: It would be sad :<
DUN DUN DUUUUN!
No, I mean they're unusual designs, Panda :P
Kirby's blasting off agaaaain! [twink[
DeathStar :) but i like playing with SB, I cant tip him via the internet... so....
*]
Polydunami, besides, no one is as sexy as chopper~
sb... I saw sumica >.>
tru dat :3
right before impalement
11,02Panda: O.O
11,02Really, where?
that thing sounds like a toddler. either that or sown syndrome
I owned the Adventure of Popo, a spinoff game, first one on the NES.
NewSuperBronyU hehehe SKYPE~
I really like Zoro's lack of sense of direction xD
11,02Panda: :3
Polydunami: Me too. :D
What makes it funny is that he's serious the whole time :D
NewSuperBronyU ;)
11,02I have a stack of VHSs somewhere with dozens of episodes of this show on them :D
I think it's an homage to Ryoga
Panda: EYYYYYYYYYYY SEXY CHOPPER~
How is he the king?
only in kids shows can an AT cannon hit you dead-on and not even scratch you
Kencolt: it's not like the vote who's king~
they*
Who knows? It's logic in video game, and we ignore them like a dooze.
*games
AJIsAwesome, Oppan Chop Chop Style?
Panda: YES. :D
That needs to happen. :D
Someone needs to animate that D:
Lol.
omnomnom
Well, then. Good night everypony!
well, he DOES eat his foes
I'm off to bed
the bones gotta go somewhere
night Polydunami
NewSuperBronyU: Of what, again?
Thanks for the streaming, SuperBrony
Blade Knight!!
11,02XAX: Kirby :)
11,02Polydunami: Np :)
:o
I'm out of here. See you all later!
Meta Kniiight! Aieeee! <3
only in cartoons are potato sacks sword proof
hug kirby! (>^o^)>
And chat is ded.
suddenly TECHNOLOGY
dat Dan Green
There's a reason for that, we don't like 4Kids...
DEATH SQUID
Expect for TMNT 2003, and that GODLY One Piece intro, 4Kids sucks...
Oi is anyone around?
didnt 4kids also dub digimon?
oh noes the octopus! HIDE THE SHEEP!
No, they dub POkemon.
/me goes to protect her sheep
Taking it on the lamb, eh?
VenHur: correction they once dubbed Pokémon, not anymore
then i wonder who fucked the digimon dub up. the levels of suck would suit 4kids
I would cuddle one of those poor lambs...
They were so DAMN cute...
cuddle the death squid, i'm sure he just wants a hug
And if it weren't for that meddling octopus!
Dark_Horst: you do that... I'll go hide the sheep
NOOOOM!
Dat music.
suddenly epic kirby
you dont say
No shit, Meta Knight, I played the games, no need to brag.
fire kirby looks like a bit of a hot head :3
ohgodwhy
><
DeathStar: Oh, hahaha, very funny...
VenHur: no it's not I should be ashamed >< I blame my dad
hm... and then I realized why SB likes kirby
Panda: because he's adorable
11,02O.O
DeathStar, you dont see any simularities between the two?
Damn it Dedede!
He's stuck for now.
Panda: yeah I see it ^_^ they're boath adorable and fun to dance on right?
both*
DeathStar hm... close...
SB... something about unity~
Poor Kirby, he's stuck in the unmagical land of 4Kids for the rest of his...err her...life.
VenHur kirby doesnth have a gender
OMG ONE PIECE!
no
NO
I think Kirby falls rather neatly into the "it" category.
NO NO NO NO NO
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
/me ties down otakon
No, god!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
This fandub is horrible
/me breaks free "NO!"
otakon: I take it you disagre with something
Tovler: this is the official dub
We want the Funimation Dub, damn it!
it burns OH IT BURNS!
/me ties down otakon with the power of wubs!
11,02Replacing the original One Piece score with 4Kids music...what could go wrong?
THE FUNIMATION DUB!
So many stupif edits into this show. :|
/me breaks free of the wubs
and what's with the music?
What happened to Kirby?!?!?!? D:
D:
NewSuperBronyU: EVeRYTHINF.
EW GOD, PUT THE MASK BACK ON!!!
11,02RAP TIEM
PLEASE MAKE IT STOP
^
XD
wait above dat
waddafag?
...
NewSuperBronyU: HAVE MERCY IT HURTS ME SO
MAKE IT STOP! MAKE IT STOP!
Please make it stop. :(
Number 3 is best number!
OR JUST GIVE US THE DAMN FUNIMATION DUB!
/me cries
11,02That wasn't the inspirational speech he gave...
The frightening thing is,k this is a fairly accurate dub.
/me wallows in horror
XD omg, that Milliatary Irony... "Dont ask, dont tell." XD
SHOOT THEM WITH YOUR WATER GUNS AND FAKE CANNONS!
/me hides behind Panda /)>_<(\ this person is almost rewinging dance for mw
me*
DeathStar but... they guys I showed you was worse!
*and the other ones too
Where's the blood?
who the fuck thinks of these characters?
Panda: no no it wasn't ><
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I demand blood!
are the writrs on drugs?
Dem faces.
Wait a minute, that sounds weird. :D
thank you GOD
Dark_Horst: ist der papst katholisch? ^^
THANKS. CELESTIA. BEARD.
yay FANTASTIC MUSIC!
POISON SUCTION. :|
somepony_else: thought so
GUM GOMMU NO!!!!!
AJIsAwesome: argh
Just poison suction :|
11,02AJIsAwesome: THat :P
THAT
come work with us, free lsd the whole day
That is what I want in a anime. :|
>_>
PISTOL!
blood
Yeah Luffy says FUCK YOUR CAPE
bloood
^
Don't they remove the spikes in the 4kids one? :|
they censored the fuck outta that in the western versions
It's only a scratch!
AJIsAwesome yes
Luffy "FUCK YOUR DARTS AND SPIKED CAPE"
God I love this scene.
Yeah... that hurt my hands too
To be honest, they didn't even need to air this show to young audiences. :|
^
^^
Play Luffy vs Usopp
Yeah, they just removed the spikes and the blood from that scene because dem parents don't want to go all angry.
SB, CP9 WAS BEST ARC!!!!
Well, Fox Kids had at the time-- some severe (and understandable) S&P issues.
AJIsAwesome: they didn't but the "cartoony" art style said to them "MARKET THIS TO KIDS"
FUcking idiots
yeah, that definately wasnt in the western versions
otakon: I know. :(
indeed
Animation =/= For Kids
^
indeed
I still remember the 'gun' from the 4kids version
They really should watch the show before butchering it. :|
4kids had no idea what they were buying.
XD
Tenure: i dont. whatw as that?
Tenure: You mean WATER GUN? :|
oh god
lol
11,02Panda: It was pretty awesome, but I think Fishman Island has an awesome arc :D
In the words of our neighbors from the East : BAKA
not the water gun, the SPRING GUN
No..............
NO!!!!
o.o
DAT SANJI VOICE
inb4 lazer
OH GOD! Not the 4Kids version!
here it comes
suddenly a chain gun AND poison suction
POISON SUCTION :|
not the poison suction cups
oh god
POISON SUCTION?!!!!!! :|
NewSuperBronyU agreed, I just liked hwo they had a crapload of zoans, not to mention right after they had the 1million berry arc :)
http://outsiderjapan.pbworks.com/f/1202784606/Sd_helmeppo.jpg that
Was there a ammo belt before?
helmeppo's 'gun'
Blast? :|
11,02"If﻿ you're sailing the seas, there's three things that you need to watch out for:
11,021: A shortage of food.
11,022: Scurvy.
11,023: Poison suction cups."
Oh god, it's true, they removed the blood!
Tenure remember bandit keiths gun?
The music is the worst thing to me
Tenure: Dear God waht?
no blood. but i saw a glimpse of the spikes when he jumped out of the water fountain. they forgot that
Damn it 4Kids, you removed the blood!
Listen to the SFX. :\
Poison Suction Cups
XD
*suction cups
Just listen. :\
SUCTION CUPS!!!
hahahaha
suction cups. seem legit.
HOW COULD THEY FUCKING SAY THAT IN ONE GO?
:|
+s
those toatly looked like suction cups
WE SAW THEY WERE DARTS, YOU DUMB FUCKS
^
11,02Here's probably one of the worst edits they did in the show...
There are worse dubs. Ever seen the German edits to Naruto? Some of that is HIDEOUSLY edited...
Kkids... you so stupid.
They replaced the knifes...WITH PLUNGERS?!
that.... was terrible
4KIIIIIIIDDDDSSS!!!
11,02SPOILERS THOUGH
it is horrible beyond believe
I have nothing to say. :|
11,02So don't watch if you haven't seen One Piece and want to watch it later
NewSuperBronyU HOLD ON! I have the stupidest edit ever. There was no blood, they edited out Luffy's SMILE! of all things!
NewSuperBronyU: i think the cutout is amiss
Wait a minute, is this the Arlong scene? :|
It is. :|
11,02Yes
Panda: they've done more stupid edits then that
OH God this
*HEAVY SIGH*
otakon... there is nothing more stupid -__-
FUCK YOU 4KIDS
11,02Saddest scene ;A;
This solidified my hate for 4kids. :|
Thanks GOD for Funimation, they did thier own dub like JUSTICE!
Panda: random sound effects and images for no apparent reason
I wonder if 4kids edited her alternative hairstyle.
VenHur: Yes,
VenHur: eeyup
they did
otakon lets just say 4kids is shit >.>
4kids made a horrifically valient effort to try and bowdlerize this
DAT SLASH
oh oh oh SB! Play the Panda Fight next!!!!
Poor bastards
Panda: Panda fight?
11,02;A;
:'(
AJIsAwesome yes! they fight a panda!!!!!
damn
dedd
Just ... damn
:(
o.o
:(
Noooooo!!
Manly tears *sniff sniff*
otakon: you said it
11,024KIDS TIEM
http://store.steampowered.com/app/205950/ interesting
Title on store.steampowered.com: Jet Set Radio on Steam
"dont hate the era you were born into." yup...
NewSuperBronyU: No. :(
NewSuperBronyU: NO!!!!! :|
bloods gone
AW HELL NAW! NOT 4KIDS AGAIN!
I muted it
Dat voice D:
the dub hearts me so
ARGH!!!!!!
ahem HURTS
DAT ACTING
AND this would NEVER fly on "kids" tv time in the US. UNless the network wants every parent in Claifornia climbing up their collective rectums.
THIS HURTS ME
Me too.
11,02Dat finger
XD
NO TEARS?
Oh, really "good" acting they doned.
.....dafuq
Bleegh.
.............
not the shadow realm~
Kencolt: true but like I said Animation=/= for kids
oh god ><
FINGER!!!!!!!!
Hey Phase4 ya got borderlands 2?
I got kicked? :S
eeyup
Stupid spam.
killerpony7733, nope
wtf
otakon: But that's what they are trying to market to.
AJIsAwesome: too quick probably
horrible
Awww
I've become you! :P
dont really have much interest in it
Lol Just kidding. :D
Sakura in a bikini? O_o
what
Wait...they removed the gun with a finger...they removed the blood, AND removed her death?!
Makes sense i never really got a real interest in the first one
...4KIIIIIIDDDDDSSS!!!
VenHur: Yes. :|
Kencolt: but you CAN'T DO THAT! That's like trying to market James Bond to the Japanese it doesn't goddamn work.
yes steam, service that already knows my date of birth, i am 112 years old
I LOVE Panda man. :D
VenHur: in short: they removed everything remotely important for the plot
hm.... we need Dan vs. 4Kids
Sb, dont tell me you cant find the fight.. the guys name is Kuma!
When will those idiots understand that Animation does not mean it's always for kids.
DIdn't they edit Labon into an iceberg? :|
One piece is kind of... odd. Style wise, it's not what Adult Swim would pick up. Story wise, it's hardly appropriate for afternoon kidzone programming (here, anyway). So... it's hard to localise.
Kencolt: Hmm true.
somepony_else: Speaking of, we never have Dan Vs streamed for quite a while...
Haha
Seems legit
11,02Panda: Oh! That guy XD
create a class. i love how they try to sell customizable loadout as new
Kencolt: Adult Swim would pic it up I think but it's laborously long now
hey guys :)
thing is, most of the cod players probabaly believe its new
otakon: It was marketed by Disney, distributed by Disney-- not idiots, merely expecting Disney-style story.
11,02Ponies won't get it though unless they've seen the series. The other stuff I showed was just to prove obvious problems with the edits that 4Kids did
Kencolt: idiots
Now, this may shocks ALL of you, but i'm an Call of Duty fan myself, and I ONLY liked the game for the story campain, NOT the online mode...
XD actually as long as its not grind heavy (my minor knowladge of borderlands 1 sugests it was) that could be fun
VenHur: That's okay.
story? the story od mw1 was good
11,02I want this game on the Wii U o-o
I honestly couldn't care for it. But if you like it, that's fine by me.
It's always the story that always been ignored...especially that nuke...
That...nuke...
mw2 was hopelessly over the top
ah well, cant afford it either way, and it might exceed what my gpu is capable of
I have a real problem with shooters-- I STINK at them. Thus I stick to WoW andJCRPGs.
the other cods after that i didnt touch
It shows how POWERFUL nukes can be, so much to lost, some things you gain.
oh goody, another shooter
/me dances AFK
/me dances with DeathStar
And poor Shepard...he lost all of his soldiers out there....
So... the Wii U is basicaly a handheld with a connection to the TV? Because that's what I'm seeing.
11,02Ewww...ads, SKIP
Shepard
Hmm?
was that an ad?
wait what?
PONIES IS AD!!! AND YOU SKIPPED IT!???? WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU SB!
11,02Dark_Horst: Yesh
...If only the CoD players payed more attention on the campains...
Was that an ad?
a pony ad
i wish blacks ops wasnt full price still >.< sigh i wanna play it but not 60$ for game thats been out for more than a year
00,02i think NewSuperBronyU might like cod
11,02Panda: :<
A PONY ad?!
/me licks Phase4
Whaaaa?!
yeah, you didn't know?
00,02o////////o
they've been popping up all day
YOU SKIPPED A PONY AD? FOR SHAME. :|
but COD has been on nintendo consoles since the GCN
00,02lolwrex
Where's all those pony ads comed from?!
/me dances back into chat
the hub, I think
NewSuperBronyU: do we have to watcht his again?
They made Youtube ads 20% cooler!
NewSuperBronyU: seriously it just makes the wait longer
for you all
That was the only pony ad I've seen. And you skipped it, SB. :(
11,02Tovler: Indeed, but the latest games in the series for the Wii were scaled down A LOT to work on the lesser hardware, not it's finally coming out as a 1:1 version with the Xbox 360 and PS3 version
wb Death
I haven't seen this so it's new to me.
anyone played Onimusha?
ahem DeathStar *
Sketch_Toku_Brony: yes
11,02otakon: Yesh, we need to watch this again o-o
NewSuperBronyU: otakon has a point the more you look at something the more tortures the wait
11,02Less than 8 hours till the iPhone 5 comes out though :)
NewSuperBronyU: we know you're hyped for the new wii, but we all know this stuff already
man i wish an hd collection would come out for it :$
11,02Spectrum_Rush: I'm actually not tortured by it, I'm just getting super hyped about it :D
Seriously...they made a sequel to Black Ops? The story was really bad, so how can they pulled it off?!
CALLADOODY MODARN WELLFARE 5
NewSuperBronyU: still, it should be no surprise that it's out on Wii U
THIS TIME, THE FUTURE IS IN THE PAST.
00,02less than 8 hours until iphone 4's become really cheap
fu*k yea I finished studying!
otakon: I should really set it to ping me when people write Death or Star, bit I'd probably be pinged ALL the time if I did that
11,02Tovler: It is because it was a relatively new system and people weren't sure if they began development on the new system yet.
the hell?
o.o
Oh God
Dat thumbnail
The hay...
00,02i wonder when we're going to get another playstation/xbox
THE HELL?
XD
SB, what the fuck?
XD
:S
Poneeball P?
oi
WHAT?!
the oney ripoff?
11,02Phase4: Sony will probably do it next year whereas Microsoft will be like 'Kinect is the future of Xbox' :3
i think it would pretty fun seeing multiplayer hijinks in Rayman Origins on stream sometime.lol me my friend had a BLAST :D so fast paced and funny
And somehow it's better
DAT SONIC FACE
THEY SOUND SO CONSTIPATED
oh god
Tenure: that's the point
00,02not aware of any confirmed details but i saw a maybe legit 'leaked spec' for the ps4 and it was a bit powerfull
NewSuperBronyU: Screw the Kinect
I guess my entitlement made me "know" that Black Ops 2 would be on Wii U.
OMG!!!!!!!!
it aint better son
0_o
brb
O_o
Dafuq?
at least play the original video
what VenHur said
11,02Buytoast: I already played it a number of times :)
oh Lord
:D
O.O
00,02what did i just watch
COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORRN!
CORN ON THE KABOB
well, as long as you did
Phase4: The best video ever.
00,02and now this song will never sound the same
BEHOLD, OUR CREATOR!
GENTLEMEN, BEHOLD!!! CORN
THE ALMGHTY CORN!
ON THE COB!
What has been heard cannot be unheard :D
what?
:D
...
inb4 needs more ponies
Dafuq?
/me phew
oh god
cooooooooooooon on the coooooooob
??
00,02"bronycon '98"
DAT BLONIX
0_o
The bloody hell was that?
Phase4: wut?
0_0
Playpony
0///0
00,02Dark_Horst, its what the guys shirt said
.////.
o.o
.............
:S
hm. missed that
NewSuperBronyU: you cant search the original one anymore
...Uh...what in the world...?
O_O
VenHur: IKR?
00,02Plaiponi?
Dem eyes ._.
Um..........okay?
00,02XD
I... think im in love.
rainbow seems to do that a lot
TOO CLOSE
I'm frightened.
The Twilight one is still the best
and that is a song from Bleach
XD
oh NewSuperBronyU ^_^ you silly
omg
11,02i liek silleh :3c
Um...I'M SERIOUSLY NOT CLOPPING TO ANY OF THESE!
This is.......interesting........
okay that's enough silleh for me
Rarity's plot is still better!!!!!
/me listens to the 28 Butts song
night all I'm out of here
00,02VenHur, seems legit
Bye otakon
Rarity found an ambrams :D
nearly 4 am and all, NewSuperBronyU thanks for the stream to everyone else take care I'll be back for BMN
00,02'the next big thing is already here'
best butt-related song ever.
night otakon :) see you soon
00,02i thought this was iphone ad
Night otakon
Phase4: that'S probably the idea^^
sex used to sell. now we use spite.
Those guys must be I-Pod owners.
11,02Love how they don't even use the word 'iPhone' ONCE in this entire ad and you automatically think it's about the iPhone :)
i'd try that
00,02NewSuperBronyU, they're clever like that
and then BAM, samsung
that's some good advertisement XD
I aprove
00,02but yeah, difference betwene iphone and everything else is everything else is doing stuff
lol this guy :D
^
00,02dis guy is fun
blunty?
Oh this guy xD
blunty
00,02ORB IF FIGURE
00,02OF'
00,02DERP
lol
00,02malfoy?
....that looks CHEAP
Wut.
and i like his approach
00,02XD'
FATALITY
XD
o.o
it looked like a green army man
hell need a new table
0_0
FATALITY BY A FOURTH WALL BREAKING HAND!
XD
what
00,02that'll buff out
lol butt
let's leave it there
00,02wat
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Nightly Roundup #445
._.
Dat ass
Dafuq?
Dark_Horst: that's just ash it'll wipe off
I'm okay with leaving it there.
00,02what is this? where are the ponies
00,02XD
DeathStar: it's molten plasic and ruined finsih. i hope you were being sarcastic, in which case i shut up
00,02maps are still comperable to gps in terms of usability
NewSuperBronyU: this guy sounds familar to me, has he done a review on a ds and psp knockoffs before?
Dark_Horst: darn internet why you no display my sarcasm ><
11,02Spectrum_Rush: That's his specialty :)
I KNE WIT
00,02though maps cant tell you exactly where you are instantly
11,02Haha
The world's first keyboard? I think not.
dat navigation
00,02wait what
lol so basically a person reading a map to you? :D
NewSuperBronyU: wow last time I saw a vid of his he had like just those 2 reviews :O
00,02whats the point in this thing?
looking fancy?
Exactly, it has no points.
11,02Spectrum_Rush: I remember when he first put them online :)
:O Dear Celestia its SO FUTURISTIC :D
00,02XD
NewSuperBronyU: yeah laready 6 years now... and now i feel old XD
00,02'avoid places' is very vague
00,02maps are faster than this
Traveller WHY YOU NO TELL TACOS?!
SB, what...
NewSuperBronyU: for old times sake why not show his first review?
11,02Panda: What? o.o
11,02Spectrum_Rush: After this :3
BEHOLD, THE WORLDS SMALLEST AUTOMOBILE!
POPstation
:)
Smart Lidz...really?
I have seen those advertised. I have also not called in.
Even the Chia Pet was more fasinating than THAT!
/me munchs on some honey nut chex
00,02XD
HAH!
:O the Bikes of HARMONY :D
00,02excitebike?
RIDE THE RAINBOW!
...that sounded wrong
Taste The Rainbow.
00,02it did
Chinese Knockoff toys. ALWAYS the best text.
Oh, and WHY YOU NO MAKE PURPLE?
lol
heh, brits say berry as brie
dat rrr
howdy everypony
oh the nostalgia
Tovler: he's australian though
Hello Apple_Jack
that was nifty, why'd you skip that?
00,02awww, i wanted to see that ad
also was that a Batman ad
I kind of wanted to see that advert.
00,02it had batman
Phase4: ikr
POP station? o.o
POPStation...I hate knockoffs.
THE GODDAMN BATMAN
0_o :D
00,02think i've seen thisbefore
Phase4: Why can't ads be all about BATMAN...and Ponies...BUT BATMAN!
Phase4: like six years or so ago?
i see
00,02VenHur, mare do well!
pop station is best station!
who the hell makes crap like that
00,02wonder if we'll ever see mare do well again
God, the sounds are HORRIBLE!
00,02Dark_Horst, *insert chinese company here*
Some tiger electronics right there
if china makes crap like this,i hope they dont rise in power /)_-
00,02do the fake iphone!
alright, I'm going to sleep now, see you guys at movie night!
PCP Station...
night OneTrickPony
Is it me, or does the PCP rips off the Xbox 360 buttons?!
11,02Night OneTrickPony :)
The POP gave him Sars also, it seems
00,02>eye protection
OneTrickPony: NIght! :
Night OneTrickPony
00,02>against ear bleeds
*:)
wait, who is that guy?
Who knows? He's awesome.
00,02that poor sod with a byro
:D
HAH!
...THAT'S SO NOT STREET FIGHTER?!
THAT'S NOT STREET FIGHTER!
:S
I would NEVER have guessed
:D
the fuck
o.o
:O
wat
00,02oic
00,02XD XD
XD Wut CRAP rofl
...Seriously...Street Fighter...
...That version looked like crap!
That was... horrible.
00,02PAUNCH
mario hasn't been innovative in years
11,02:<
VenHur there was one good thing about it...no dlc lol
00,02pony_2399, trololololo
inb4 NewSuperBronyU takes out his banhammer
i want more things like super mario galaxy
Game Informer's NSMBU trailer was awesome.
theres 3D Land
11,02pony_2399: Yeah, same here
But then that wouldn't be innovative, it would be copypaste. :P
00,02i'm hoping they make another full 3d mario
Phase4: Agreed.
i'm just saying... the side scroller like this has been very similar on both the wii and the ds
11,02However, for me, all I want out of a game is to remain more-or-less the same but still appear fresh and new. I honestly could care less if it was innovative >>
pony_2399: I know. :D
It looks fun, but why makes the same game like NSMB Wii, but with different power ups?
Galaxy 1 sold like 10 million. NSMBW sold 26 million. So, yeah...
NewSuperBronyU: secconded!
plus why two toads? put in princess!
..Oh...and...Baby Yoshis...
But still, it's the SAME. GAME.
I'm just saying.
11,02Ooo...I'm not skipping this one :D
make a wii u version of super mario rpg!
:D
NewSuperBronyU: franckly I think they should make it more of a challenge to play by making it so you can't move left like in the origional :D
But NSMBU has Torpedo Teds
00,02THOSE ARENT PONIES
11,02"HAH HAH HAH HAH SONY AND MIRCOSHIT FAN BOYS ARE BUTT HURT THEY DONT GET THIS GAME! IN YOUR FACE!!!! HAH HAH. And what shitty things are PS3 coming out with? A gay cyberog ninja in a suit? HAH﻿ PATHETIC METAL GEAR SOLID SUCKS. Mario is better! YOU ALL ARE JUST MAD YOU CANT PLAY THIS GAME. HAH HAH. SO﻿ NOW NITENDO WILL TAKE HALO AND GOD OF WAR AND PUT ON THE WIIU!
11,02IN YOUR FACE FAN BOYS. GET BUT HURT MORE!!! HAH HAH HAH
11,02HALO4? MORE LIKE GREEN GAY POWER RANGER 4!!!"
what is going on? my strem died
The shitstorm that Bayonetta 2 caused made my day.
balloon trip is the shittles
Ah, Nintendo Land...this game...meh.
NewSuperBronyU: calm down silly filly
I'm actually glad Balloon Fight is getting some love. :$
00,02this looks like all the old arcade games mashed together
I like power rangers... :|
i played balloon fight like mad on my NES
hey Super Sentai is good...like Shinkenger,that was better than samurai :S
11,02That was the hidden comment that someone replied to with the top comment saying: "Your, sir, are an﻿ idiot. Have a nice day."
00,02AdamTheDuck, sb's pretend trolling
00,02oh i c
00,02youtube comment
have they announced a zelda game for wii u or just that demo stuff?
:D
lol dat Dash pic
00,02there it is
so, what exactly did we just see? my streamw as dead the entire time
:D
somebody link me?
00,02pony_2399, think its just demo stuff right now
Dark_Horst: Nintendo land trailer.
I always hates "First comments" or "comment war" comments, or "fanboy" comments...you get the point.
thanks for the info. i'm sure i'll end up getting a wii u solely for zelda like i did with the 3ds
It gets to the point where you just stop looking at the comments section.
Mostly more evidence that the Wii U is basically a handheld that requires a TV. :P
00,02>sonic in a car
11,02Having a NASCAR racer in this game wasn't the best idea...
sonic doesn't need a car
Honestly, I'm not sure what to say about this one. It doesn't look bad, but I didn't play the first one. :S
lol i kinda wanted the phrase for this to be "Transform and Roll Out" :D
So this game from what I heard...
11,02This game is going to be awesome :D
I hope this game is more than 30 frames per second.
super sonic gotta go fast cars
00,02NewSuperBronyU, does look fun
This game is Sonic Generations 2: Diddy Kong Racing Edition!
Sonic Generations 2: YOU'RE TOO SLOW
But with SIX eras instead of THREE!
Hope this game goes incredibly fast. I want to FEEL the rush of speed.
Wreck It Ralph is in this game
11,02Thanks for tuning in all :)
00,02theres absolutely no reason for it to be ascosiated with sonic but whatever
Thanks, NewSuperBronyU! :)
00,02LA LA LA LA LA
00,02its been too long :3
NewSuperBronyU: thanks for the stream silly filly
Yay for mute. ^_^
Oh god, this video...
11,02Phase4: Ofc it does, it has all these tracks from Sega games
oh, if you're looking up pony songs on there, look up "The Pony Song"
Ahem, everyone rise for BronyState's anthem
11,02DeathStar: Np :3
/me stands and salutes in respect
AJIsAwesome play tribes ascend that game actually tries to do that
reminds me of the lalala hotdog from Perfect Hair Forever lol
BEHOLD, THE RETURN OF AN ABSENSE OF AN FAN FAVORITE!
If its less than 30 FPS like it was at the showroom floor. Sonic should be avoided
00,02NewSuperBronyU, i supose but >sonic in a car
DOOT LALALALALALAALLALALA
11,02Who cares :P
Lalalalalaaa!
Phase4: I can't agree more. Sonic does NOT NEED WHEELS.
/me goes back to listening to 28 butts
11,02That's like ripping on Mario for needing a car when he can just fly with the Tanooki Suit...why drive when you can fly
00,02then again the car is also a plane
because mario kart is awesome
look up the pony song
mario needs everything
he literally plays every sport
NewSuperBronyU: because driving is fuuuuuun
00,02mario kart is fun
mario ain't satisfied with limitations
he does EVERYTHING
00,02mario and sonic at the olympics is wierder than sonic in a car tbh
How's MK7? Is it good?
*Mario Kart 7
mario is missing should be made into a wii u game
pony_2399: oh yes
that game was frustrating but i loved playing it as a kid
11,02i liek silleh :3c
Mario needs to fight those football players from SMW again.
Well, the cute Cappy Town sheepehs need me, thus I must depart to sleep!
FOR TACOS AND THE INFINITY!!!
VenHur: night night
00,02i got me ones of these today http://tf2wiki.net/wiki/Towering_pillar_of_hats
Have some Dire Docks. :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PLcdom_mueY&feature=channel&list=UL
Phase4, ooh grats :P
00,02http://www.teamfortress.com/classless/hidden/hats/ "i have many hats also but did not bring them"
2,14 quick chat, without any context or clarification. Pick a number: 1 or 2?
00,02some of the arg stuff from valve is incredibly funny
00,02Caramel, 3
2!
1
00,02LIFT OFF
XD
Haha xD
00,02:(
00,02Caramel, 2
2!
Dat kick :3
2,14 THANK you
Caramel, I like 2...
2
00,02so, what was the number for?
2,14 what I'll be streaming
Caramel D: but why you stream at my bed time? I... I miss your streams ;A;
2,14 because insomnia hits and I can't sleep
Unity engine will support Wii U? idunno what that means :(
Good morning Bronystate! :$
Morning MadSurge
00,02PONIES
Streaaaaammmmmmm
Hi, MadSurge! :)
What is this? :O
I LOVE this song :D
Is this a language or just gibberish? :D
MadSurge: I beleave it's gibberish
Sketch_Toku_Brony: so colorful! :)
MadSurge: ikr
2,14 now that you've had ponies (which will last you about 2 seconds probably), our feature presentation
Ohai Caramel!
ooOOoo
so was this 2 or 1 Caramel ?
00,02oooo, never seen this before
2,14 this will be 2
2,14 fortunately they sum up everything that happened in 1
Spectrum_Rush: it says 2 right there :\
I ment when Caramel ask for the number 1 or 2 early silly DeathStar
*asked
Spectrum_Rush: oh ^^; I see
What kind of game is Baldur's Gate? An RTS?
an rpg?
an fps?
an nes?
an psp?
I bet it's a tetris clone :3 it seems most likely
probably
wut is this?
candlekeep
this already sounds like mlp
gorion is luna
lord of murder oh no!
see tetris clone
totaly
my tetris was like that but it was russian
i wish i were a lord of murder in baldur's gate
be the irish looking guy
lol that character creation
Caramel chose swag :D
be a cooler race!
yay the drink looking one
chaotic evil!
drunk*
you're a death god!
this game available on steam?
you gonna be all average and stuff
intelligence 100%
wisdom 0%
charisma 100%
charisma should be highest
will you at least name your character smuglord
give him a purple coat!
00,02TO BATTLE
to battle?
ah to battle
pick the manly one!!!
To batltte!!
battle*
use 004
SMUGLORD
jerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrn
i can't read that
DURRRRRR
he likes ponies bio done!!!
haha
ON TO BATTTERRRRRRRRR
:D DAT BACKSTORY
TALLY HO!
what's going on
pony_2399: tetris clone is tetris cloneing :3
my tetris didn't have character creation
i think i got a bootleg
what it didn't? odd
watching people play talk-em-up games isn't as fun as i may have imagined it ot be
op should play roller coaster tycoon
WHAT? YES!
the charicter thinks roller coaster tycoon is a good idea too
all of these voices have been in futurama
zoo tycoon is also acceptable, but only if it has the dinosaurs
why don't you ponies get real nicks like the cool kids?
and me
like this?
i don't have to be cool
whoa
wut
Dat soundbite :D
:( yay
FWEEP
pony_2399: but the cool kids get all the ladies!!! or the laddies depending on what your into
XD omg DeathStar
im not okay
okay this will do
i'm okay
or this
FWEEP: just pick one!
Hey, there is a limit to nick changes you know :)
how about you choose your favority animal
Oh there is
/me chose panda for obvious reasons
what if my favorite animal is the panda?
I like these too
FWEEP then you can be my little brother :)
/me has Crabs
hm...
xD
night ViolaGrey|Sleep
Panda: ...aquwerd XD
night ViolaGrey|Sleep
well im off 2 bed night everypony :)
DeathStar akward*
jump on my sword while you can evil!
night sk- dammit
Panda: that too
Well im off to bread guys
good night enjoy bread
^^
don't let the bread bugs bite
D:
night Panda|Sleepies
but i cleaned my bed!
Panda|Sleepies: yeah but your cat may have snuck them in
Yoda doesnt leave the house though.
yoda is a cute cat name
^^ hehe yeah :)
he is wise as well :)
op's game character looks high as hell
he's like a white snoop dogg
Morning everyone.
OMG Runescape! :D
meanwhile in baldurs gate
Well that answers what I'm looking at.
it's tetris
Sure? It looks like Torchlight 2.
Meanwhile: it's a tetris clone :D
Hello Meanwhile! :)
Guess most of chat is asleep.
Aye
eeyup
I'll probably be joining them soon
So how's it going Meanwhile?
Whereas I have just finished breakfast.
I got 4 hours of sleep and I have to go out later MadSurge, so...alright really. How about you?
Trying to see if I can get some kind of job, even part time
So I might not be here all day in a while :O
..."Don't teach my hamster to suck eggs"
Good luck with that MadSurge.
Aye
/me trys to teach Meanwhile s hamster to suck eggs
Those aren't hamsters, thos're degu. And they bite.
Meanwhile: but hamsters bite too :\
Aye but I actually own degu, I don't own hamsters.
fair point :
Sup everypony!!
I am clearly not away xP
Clearly.
Imoen! <3
I'm surprised that the streamer isn't playing the just-released Baldur's Gate remake
why dose that man say such fantastic things
hi
baldurs gate?
DaringDerpy: Yeppedy yep, and hi
hi DaringDerpy and yes the seccond one
DeathStar: I've always thought of Minsk as the Kamina of BG
tSparx: yeah ^^
good night every pony tiz sleep times for me
Night DeathStar.
Night DeathStar!
good night DeathStar
Black Suit ALL DAY >:)
I snapped Wolverine in half and it feels so good.
11,02Night all :)
Night Super.
Nighty night NewSuperBrony
night NewSuperBronyU|Zzz
Night NewSuperBronyU|Zzz
Oh, this is pretty early in the game, isn't it? There was a djinn in that crystal cavern iirc
tSparx ask the symbiote, WE very much like OUR new name. :)
Hmm...never thought of that.....
I was only copying off NewSuperBronyU|Zzz's name
Yeah, what's up with that, that's SuperBrony64 underneath that new name, right?
hey guys my cat just sctrathed my right side of my face
:| Did WE ASK YOU?!?!?!
no
Grrr....
wow
The thigns I miss when I'm at uni, haha
lol
Whaaaat? :[
That was the best answer.
Moopy: Cats are the best ever, but I am always amazed at how much damage they can cause.
I love my cats.
its just a little damage
I love my cat
/me transforms
WE BOTH like cats/
he scratvhed me from top and into my cheek face
Meanwhile: luckily mine leaves them out in the lawn :D
Mine are less considerate. ¬¬
Meanwhile: do you still like them?
Course I do, they're my kitties.
brb im going to a mirror
WHo is streaming?
Caramel?
sup everypony?
Guten Tag, Zetheross :)
00,02REVENGENCE
well tSparx not much playin pokemon mmo and gonna start a gmae of league
00,02Caramel, y u no update skype :P
Phase4: That is a fantastic word
Phase4 are you streaming? We would like to know.
00,02BlackSuitMASF123, Caramel is
We thank you, Phase4
what game is this?
2,14 phase, y u no update your face?
Zetheross: Baldur's Gate II
ahh ok
Hello!
ello there
c:
Guten Morgen, Resonantwaves :)
00,02Caramel, :(
Morgen means good morning in german? :P right if i remember
Resonantwaves: Yeppedy yep!
HAZZAH!
whats everyone doing
:P
00,02JUMP ON MY SWORD WHILE YOU CAN EVIL
D:
00,02he keeps saying that
aight im back i had a little bit of blood from my for head but had a litle bit of blood from the toilet paper
Phase4: "Jump on my sword while you can, evil; *I* will be less gentle!"
Resonantwaves: Little bit of HW, now done, waiting for my clothes to get out of the dryer, and then I have to decide whether I should get more sleep tonight or not.
;ooooooo
Morjijg everypony. :) What's on the stream?
Morning* XD
Guten Morgen, PinkiePry :)
PinkiePry: Crml's doing Baldur's Gate II
Kk
Good morning Bronystate
VERTHERJERRN? I like it, haha
Gold_Demona: Hello Gold_Demona
Good morning Gold_Demona. :)
00,02morning Gold_Demona
Morning Gold_Demona
And *that's* how Equestria was made
Braaaaains~ D:
Good morning Gold_Demona, remember that brains are quite rich in cholesterol!
As are eggs. :P
That chick looks like Leliana from Dragon Age Origins
That was supposed to be magic missle, not fireball! (because I can't find anything else wrong with this awesome video)
I am never late to bronystate brothers, I arrive exactly when I intend to.
Hallo DoctoDoctorWho :)
hai
Oh my gawd, I cheated on Mary Jane with Black Cat
brb
/me hugs Gold_Demona
Hiyo Pearly. :)
00,02Nerf War!
NEEEEERRRRFFFFFFF
Just doin some studying up on the grey knights, so awesome! /)^3^(\
hey Gold_Demona how are you doing dear?
i want to work there
Still waking up Pearly. My brain is currently functioning at zombie capacity. 6_9
It's so nice to see a whole office cooperate to make silly videos :D
Wow saving Black Cat is considered a bad deed.
Gold_Demona, I'll fix you some breakfast *cooks some brains for Gold_Demona*
Gold_Demona: plauge level zombie or Chaos level zombie?
Gold_Demona: eating brains still sounds disgusting
Pearly: Mmmm Braaaaaaaains~
Tastes like muffins
oh it was eggs and bacon, that looks like a brain, or in a brain shaped plate :D
Even better =D
:D
:D
g-g-g-global
/me puts a coffee bean on Gold_Demona's head
O.O
hah
Janitor, FML
Biggest mexican standoff ever!
Erm...
LOL
What the...
This is awesome!
00,02bang bang ur dead
Bang! Bang!
00,02someone make this into a shooter
00,02NOW
Phase4: This will be the most kids-friendly shooter
Where you choose a weapon and it's your pointed fingers XD
And when you shoot, you say "Bang!"
The fuck
MadSurge: Same here.
WOOOO PONIES
Woot Mitternacht!
Hello JunkerKun :)
MadSurge: Yo
so how is everypony feeling today?
How've you been?
I'm... normal?
Wait, is it E Nomine?
Which of course means "mildly excited about nothing in particular" :D
DoctoDoctorWho: Ask me again in an hour, when I've woken up some more. -_-
JunkerKun: eeyup
I'm happy as s**t - Borderlands 2 finally came out here. And hey, they actually changed "Russian language only" to normal European version!
Awww sleepy Gold_Demona is cute :D
Morning comes too early...
DoctoDoctorWho: Thought so. They're epic =)
JunkerKun: ever heard of sabaton?
DoctoDoctorWho: Nope
JunkerKun: check em
Dark_Horst: Okay =)
backwards.....
pU parW retniW
lol
Wha...
YAY, pU parW retniW! :D
I've heard "Crazy мир surrounds" O_o
JunkerKun: Swedish/Dutch war metal band, I particularly like their songs "panzer battalion" and "killing ground"
And "мир" means "world"
This is how they make winter in Ponyville
lol XD
DoctoDoctorWho: Hmmm... I will check it
2,14 if you play FiM backwards, it's the story of a very popular Unicorn who slowly loses interest in her friends and locks herself in a library
lol Caramel
We're taking your food, now go back in your hole!
Caramel: :D haha, thats cruel
Caramel: Now that... would be a good plot for a story
Caramel: there's a thread dedicated to that on Ponygoons :D
She moves to Canterlot an dlocks herself in THAT library. :P
Caramel: If you watch SAW backwards, it's a touching story about an old man giving people organs.
Am I the only one who thought that Rarity sings in Deutch?
elimS elimS elimS :D
2,14 how rude Pinkie...why are you making everypony in town frown?
This is Pinkie's song about how she hates smiles
LOL
Why... why I can't get rid of feeling that Pinkie is calling for a satan? O_o
GO BACK DOWN MYSELF
Gold_Demona: just know that if chaos incursion is detected, I wont hesitate to call in the grey knights.
owait. Are we watching whole episodes backwards, or just this song?
NOW YOUR BARN IS BARE, DO IT AGAIN
XAX: just song I believe
Well this is funny.
2,14 Pinkie is just slowly draining the fun out of everyone
YOU'RE ALONE NOW
Caramel: Have you seen the episode uploaded on youtube that's mirrored down the middle?
2,14 nope
Link?
(pm.)
2,14 nope
-__- Pinkie, stop using your gipsy magic...
Pinkie made them sad. :C
NOW STAY HERE AND BE BORED
okay.
AND YOU GET A BRANCH ON YOUR SUNBATHING SPOT :D
Oh
:O
Starship Troopers
Gold_Demona: I refer to the legendary 666 chapter of the space marines, and chamber militiant to the ordo malleus. specialty: Anti-Chaos incursion
lol knowyourmeme is down
I remember the bugs in Metal Slug 3 that looked like the "thinking bugs" in Starship Troopers
00,02this is odd
00,02whats this?
2,14 I am disappoint phase
XAX: careful, that might become a meme
Phase4: what iss what?
2,14 this is Roughnecks, and this was a glorious show
DoctoDoctorWho: Ah. Ya lost me there. Don't know the reference. :P
00,02Caramel, it looks a lot like starship troopers
2,14 that's because it IS starship troopers -_-
Phase4: it IS a starship troopers
00,02oh
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6ty89h5xb1r8y0avo1_400.gif
00,02that makes sense
Caramel: who made this?
XAX: what the...
2,14 can't remember, it was back in 99
2,14 but it got cancelled before the first season was finished
Ah well
00,02Caramel, srsly?
2,14 eeyup
00,02why?
2,14 because fuck TV execs
2,14 this was my fucking early school mornings right here
Caramel: what? I remember there were a lot of chapters
2,14 chapters =/= seasons
Gold_Demona: Its a Wh40k thing, Im kinda of a nerd
Caramel: well, yeah, but normally one season=about 20-26 chapters
2,14 they aired it at 6 in the morning, thus no one was able to watch it
00,02why would you put all the money into a show and not complete the first season
00,02Caramel, bwah?
whats guys
2,14 phase: because the EXECS of the tv channel fucking cancelled it
whats up guys
2,14 they do shit like this all the time, same happened to firefly
Caramel: 6 am? O_O They were showing it in 4 pm here
2,14 they fucking put the show at awful times, and out of order, and then blame the show for doing poorly
So what are we watching
oh
This looks like that one cartoon that shows on tv in GTA IV
the one with those space soldiers
I wonder how these bugs fly
Im hitin the hay everypony talk to yall in the morning ok night yall
2,14 space magic
I always thought they were farting plasma
00,02Caramel, how old is this show?
Space magic
2,14 it was released in 99
00,02cg isnt bad for the time
night Moopy
2,14 it was amazing at the time
2,14 and they fucking cancelled it -_-
http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/345/564/4d1.gif
I'm reminded of ReBoot
Someone still remembers Action Man cg series?
It's pretty good cgi for the time :O
lol nice gif
Gold_Demona: but much more fluid
00,02reboot pre-dated this iirc
2,14 they were close times though
MadSurge: true
2,14 maybe a year or two off
XAX: who the hell is that guy :D
00,02Caramel, this may simply have been to expencive
MadSurge: Tombstone.
00,02looks raytraced
2,14 fuck that shit, it was good and should have stayed
00,02its not cheep NOW to raytrace
XAX: such a shit eating grin :D
00,02woah, thats huge
The .GIF?
Phase4: Nah, I don't think it was raytraced
What's raytrace? O_o
00,02Gold_Demona, rendering method
2,14 it's an advanced rendering technique
Well, yeah. But what does it entail?
Welp I killed Eddie Brock thus letting the giant symbiote take control of itself, cheated on Mary Jane with Black Cat and I control an army of symbiotes at my disposal. You did good Spidey.
00,02JunkerKun, i douno, theres a lot of dynamic lighting, most of the tricks we use for rasterizing werent known at the time
Gold_Demona: Global illumination
Caramel: so, are the marines and bugs still presented as equally unlikable?
NOO
00,02JunkerKun, global illumination is different, used in adition to raytracing
2,14 the name says it all. The renderer uses advanced tracing methods on each light ray
Phase4: oh
Shoot your way out men
00,02woah, lense flare and everything
"I used to think Great Power came with Great Responsibilty, but I didn't know what Power was." -Black Suit Spiderman
Carl looks like cole phelps
Phase4: well, I do believe it is possible to achieve this level of details and wuality even with default rendering method. And was in those days
BlackSuitMASF123: And thats why I like marvel over DC
00,02JunkerKun, 'default rendering method' :P
2,14 believe me, it wasn't production costs that stopped them
BlackSuitMASF123: now do a good guy run!
00,02Caramel, you sure?
2,14 and no, scanline wont get you this kind of shit without A LOT of work
00,02these are prety huge bits of rendering
DoctoDoctorWho I ALWAYS liked Marvel over DC, it's just so good.
2,14 you'd actually be surprised with the shortcuts they took
00,02scanline COULD but similar problems to raytracing
Phase4: For 3D animation programs I mean =) Dunno how to say this, I'm not much of a 3D modeler
00,02either way, these scenes are massive
2,14 for example: the particle effects on the bikes
Ooh what's this?
MadSurge, I already did, 2nd playthrough was me being an asshole.
JunkerKun: Yeah but there's really no such thing as a "default" rendering method
2,14 those aren't actually being rendered, they were drawn in later
BlackSuitMASF123: booo :D
I killed Wolverine, snapped him in half. > :(
>: )
what is this?
00,02Caramel, was wondering that, some of these scenes look like static backgrounds with the actors blit ontop
BlackSuitMASF123: I like how in Infamous being evil is EASY MODO
DoctoDoctorWho that one is tough
2,14 yeah, if they should be commended for anything, it should be finding so many sneaky ways to bypass render times
BlackSuitMASF123: It's easily the hulk
DoctoDoctorWho: in terms of raw strenght, probably
DoctoDoctorWho: You think? I'm pretty sure Super Man is stronger, but I don't consider that a good thing
herp derp
The animation in this is so....
BlackSuitMASF123: OY!
clay like
NYC is for Symbiotes now. >: )
Do you think they used MoCap?
00,02Caramel, this still would have taken a fair wack of compute time to do
Hulk is green, like kryptonite. :P
:D
BlackSuitMASF123: I'd appreciate it if you didn't associate me with Super-Man in any way -- don't call him Superfag
2,14 eh, with the right render farm you could get it pretty straight forward
2,14 especially when they recycle animations
00,02sure but render farms aren't exactly cheap
afraid
On a base level, hulk is already stronger than supes, then he starts getting pissed and he gets stronger
2,14 sure, but any other CG show would have had them
2,14 wouldn't be practical to have 5-6 animators sitting on their asses because only one machine is rendering
tSparx, I'm black suit so get over it.
BTW, who is streaming? O_o
What is CG
BlackSuitMASF123: I don't care if you're Adolf Hitler, don't call him superfag >_>
JunkerKun: Caramel is
tSparx Superfag
MadSurge: Ah, thanks
00,02lol dat explosion
Caramel: If your streaming, wheres your OC?
Ikr where is lil' Caramel?
2,14 I don't HAVE a desktop pony for my OC...
2,14 how can you not see him?
BlackSuitMASF123: No, really, knock it off. It's insulting to fags, and, by extension, me.
Imma go make me some berferst. Maybe that'll wake me up. -_-
2,14 caramel is right there in the corner...
00,02spacefairing bug
tSparx your gonna cy are you? :S
We don't see it O__o
cry
2,14 dafaq?
00,02Caramel, he's not on stream
Caramel: no he aibt
If so then I apologize.
Caramel's face when Caramel isn't showing
I see something in right bottom corner
I mean, SAW
I cant see lil caramel either big Caramel, daphuq? 0.o
00,02dat blitz
Rainbow Blitz? o.o
2,14 this is bizzare....
2,14 desktop ponies aren't showing up...
00,02huh
...is Rainbow Blitz genderbent RD?
desktop NMM, WANT!
00,02Caramel, is he on your screen now?
2,14 has been the whole time
00,02Caramel, put him ontop of the minecraft icon
Dat LIMBO
Ghost :<
00,02i see the menu, i no see caramel
Caramel: And now screen ratio changed?
Caramel, get rid of those black bars
Dat Rollercoaster Tycoon Deluxw Edition
00,02thats bizare
Hey, I saw him
There he is
There he was!
00,02ohai Caramel
Hey!
00,02obai Caramel
Oh...
yay! he's ack!
back*
Nope he's back again xD
00,02XD
what happened
And... now he's hidden again
Now he's gone... :<
00,02Caramel, when your resizing they show up
Caramel, Caramel is offical no? Not OC correct?
Oh hey i found a bug
2,14 yes, Caramel is offical
or glitch
2,14 this is the first time Desktop Ponies hasn't worked for me...
2,14 lemme try restarting the stream
00,02Caramel, is the name cannon yet?
BlackSuitMASF123: he's an official background pony
2,14 it was canon the first episode he appeared -_-
i figured out how to get into chat rooms if your banned
Dat .Net Framework error
00,02*gears turn*
I has it
00,02oh yeah
Yeah thats why im telling them
MadSurge: Yeah I've seen him many times in the show which is why I asked.
2,14 we are aware of how people ban evade
Like me?
would you like to hear how i did it?
Not really.
Lol.
Is caramel OC that one pulling the cart in s1 opening?
talking to mods
No duh.
so im permaban now?
Tell him Phase :D
2,14 are you saying you're banned?
2,14 because if you are, that's possibly the most retarded thing I've ever seen
yeah
i am
._.
YES
to both
/me hits the triangle
2,14 phase, check the ban logs, I'm busy trying to figure out the damn desktop ponies
00,02might have expired
no
its not
2,14 and fyi doughnut, being banned from bronystate doesn't ban you from the network
00,02i forget the url for the ban log, gimi sec
my ban is lifted on 23rd
2,14 you don't have to evade the ban to contact people
2,14 then congratulations, you're a moron -_-
:D :D :D
i know im just letting you guys now justincase
uh oh I'm enjoying this a little too much...
no i meant like other channels
/me takes off suit with fire
not this channel
a different one
Sorry, I've been a mean little filly. :(
FLEE MORTAL! The almighty mods may still show merc-wait what?
^ ikr
did someone say...
BANNU?
What did he do?
well i dont know if it works with this channel
it worked on #spike sooo...
I wonder if my lord and master is here this morning?
DoctoDoctorWho: Lord and... WHAT?
Spike's not an offical channel I hear.
Imma ping him
DoctoDoctorWho, Lord Smooze? :S
The last few minutes of this chat boggles my mind.
it worked on #spike so i dont know if it works on other channels too
#spike isn't a bronystate channel...
Indeed tSparx
i dont know then
Oh, hey, I'm 20 today! I totally forgot about my birthday! Gotta check my mail =)
Congrats JunkerKun
Happy birthday to JunkerKun, happy birthday to him
or her
or whatever
happy birthday
Thanks =)
Happy birthday JunkerKun :P
As a token of our friendship, I present you with this present, JunkerKun
Happy birthday Happy birthday!~ Whoop de doo!~ Whoop de doo!~
tSparx: No,no, I'm a guy =)
It's a Black Suit...TAKE IT. >: (
Hope your day is pleasant!~ OPEN UP YOUR PRESENT!~ Just for you!~ Just for you!~
>: )
Hey mods
Happy birthday JunkerKun!
Can you ban me?
i wanna see if it works
Um...
Yes, yes...let the symbiote flow through you, JunkerKun :)
Dude, why are you so keen on this?
I mean seriously. Why?
i dont know
DoctoDoctorWho: Well, he's logged on, not marked as away, and doesn't have an idle time, so maybe he is here, and just isn't deigning to reply to you
Thanks guys =)
not really
i just wanna test
Soooo....why was he banned?
i was banned from #spike cause i kicked people
oh
happy?
what were you saying about the last minutes of chat again Meanwhile ?
Well then, BLOOD 4 THE BLOOD GOD! SKULLS FOR THE SKULL THRONE! BANNS 4 THE BAN HAMMER!!
2,14 being banned from #spike does absolutely nothing here
Is not real. DoctoDoctorWho >_>
Spectrum_Rush: That it's mind boggling.
i know
Although, now it's just getting stupid.
just wanna see if it works on this one too
Your sanity
Oooooooo!!!
Desktop Ponies does not wanna let the ponies be over my other windows >_>
/me waves arms around
2,14 gonna restart my machine
2,14 hopefully that will fix this
So are you gonna do it....
or..
What?
Sie*
I wanna know okay?
This is just weird.
sheez
tSparx: What?
Couldn't you google about it or something?
brb, I haz bacon:$
Black Suit Spiderman is best anti-hero
what would i even search upon google
irc ban evades?
maybe
-_-
i do that at school
It's better than actually DOING it.
Meanwhile: might as well skip straight to mud, save the trouble
Phase4: He wasn't banned here, another chan
Phase4, he was banned on another channel... Don't worry...
no i get a message everytime i go back
00,02ah
Spectrum_Rush: Evidently.
i wasnt banned from #bronystate
Phase4: #Spike
i was banned from #spike
00,02ah
I got passed it
And now im telling you guys just incase
anyway Phase4 here since stream is not restarted yet http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjjyTU_QgSY&feature=related skip to 1:35 in the video for canon caramel
Dick move indeed
See the Caroleans standing tall All for one and one for all Enemies fall at their feet Begging for their mercy
Dick move?
00,02thats right, Spectrum_Rush: remember nwo
Phase4 I just wanted to play the bomb game and i figured out how
00,02now'
I feel like we've been having the same conversation for the last fifteen minutes or so... oh wait...
Would you like to know how i did it?
BTW, are you guys on IRC client or from browser?
JunkerKun: Some on embed client, some on a third party client
JunkerKun: I'm using Chatzilla
mIRC.
im using chrome
And which is faster?
Because sometimes when I use embed client it lags as shit
/me shrugpony.
2,14 I swear to god...it's like common sense has been eliminated from this world
no no no
Caramel: if it ever was here to begin with
Careful Val, you'll break your teeth if you facepalm too hard.
/me sigh
Well fine
2,14 welp, looks like Desktop ponies doesn't like my stream anymore
2,14 so meh...
Caramel: i will stand beside you, our sense will prevail eventually
ill just be silent....
http://derpy.me/Ab9We - It's a super power...
If you want to stand beside Val you're already out of sense...
AdamTheDuck: in the case of comics, it really is :D Also, dat Deadpool
Caramel, you may know everything I'm going to do, but that's not going to help you since I know everything your going to do! Straaaange isn't it?!?! :O
JunkerKun: And it is a screwdriver
2,14 that's nice modern
See the Caroleans standing tall All for one and one for all Enemies fall at their feet Begging for their mercy
Lol Modern, Sonic
I get it! :P
/me killed chat^
got passed it again
00,02yatatatatatatata
ez
Yata!
00,02zxxxzx, strange name
DoctoDoctorWho Y U kill chat? :O
2,14 zxxxzx, because I'm a nice guy, I'm going to give you a friendly bit of advice
2,14 is against ponychat rules, which means if you continue, we'll be forced to report you
2,14 which will result in a kline from the entire network
i just wanted to play the bomb game
2,14 so, quit polluting this chat with your retarded ban talk. No one cares
the one where you cut wires
00,02zxxxzx, lookup hostmask
/The mod hath spoken/
HELLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO, ALL YOU SEXY BRONIES!!! Did you miss me?
00,02zxxxzx, that explans how it works, we know how bans work :P
okay
DoctoDoctorWho you where? Huh the action was pointed to you but whatever, I understand what you were doing.
were
One: Um... nooooooooo?
One is the lonest number.....
One: I'm already missing you... missing you not being around. (Ooooohhhhhhhh)
/me hums
Meanwhile: mud, is so far above of what i can even fathom right now
This show seems pretty bleak
I don't even know what is this
Spectrum_Rush: Some form of bacteria maybe. The type that swims in circles.
that song
AJIsAwesome!!!
I have faced Daemons, The inner depths of the human mind, and even the mighty internet. But now, I face an enemy that I truly fear...
Demons
so what is this show?
Boredom
oh CrimsonPhoenix its Starship Troopers animated or something
Daemons Tools. :P
oh god
....Carth? Is that you? O_O
What's a daemons DoctoDoctorWho? :O
When was this made? Looks a bit like early 2000s.
2,14 99
Close enough.
tSparx: Nah, daemons will always associate with Lunix in mu mind %)
Wh40k, Their universe uses the term Daemon cuz they're a sci-fi verse'
*my
and not a normal fantasy
JunkerKun: Since when can a word only mean one thing? Also, daemons are used in every operating system, just highlighted more in Linux/Unix
One looks like you just One year away!
hohoho!
*ba dum tsh*
One is a song in GH2
tSparx: and thats exactly why I remember Linux. I just never worked with daemons in Win
Which one's Will?! :O
thank you, thank you...ill think of more later
Bye bronies, I leave 4 school
See xa.
*ya.
have fun
Bye bye, DoctoDoctorWho
See you DoctoDoctorWho
show up to school in the tartus
And I'm off too, to get a few more hours of sleep.
Gold_Demona: Good one.
DoctoDoctorWho: see ya
okay geez
Time And Relative Dimension(s) In Space
sorry....
tSparx, imagine a TARTis. Delish.
yay for hardened suits
oh lol
Pop TARTis?
G'night everypony!
IT'S NOT POPTARTIS!
Gold_Demona: can't imagine that
night tSparx
steak tartardis
g night!
tartis sauce
Tardis Tots
^ bwua haha
Tater Tardis?
Better.
Tater chips
tartis chips*
:$
Tardis maxumius
Tarder Bitter Faster Tara Stronger.
Morning everypony :)
WHat if God was one of us?
A brony?
Just a slob like on eof us?
one of*
oh boy lets talk about god now!
DONT YOU DARE
Sucked a dick like one of....oh nvr mind
:$
By the way, BRONYSTATE! What would the site be like if everypony had the option of voice-chat?
I would mic spam MLP soundboards
2,14 one: a clusterfuck of noise the likes of which would break the sound barrier
WE WOULD TALK LOUD.....JUST LIKE THIS!!!!!!
2,14 there's a reason we have the 6 second spam bot
In Canterlock?
One, no :|
Caramel: we do?
So how is everypony?
But how would a bot know if im mic spamming and not just talking?
2,14 >.(\
Doing good Ponies47. How about you?
I'm depressed, how bout' you Ponies47, what you doin'?
well i guess the mods would kick me
Caramel: ./)
One LOL
Hello Ponies47
want
Ponies47: shouldnt you be in school?
not really anymore
Gold_Demona: Slpeepy -.-
Me too Ponies47. That's why I got coffee. :3
You want coffee?
no
/me Waves at AdamTheDuck
Last drink of coffee sent me to a hospital no joke.
Dovah: Shouldn't you be in school? :P
One ill be here all night
in 2 minutes
Dovah What grade?
10
I don't like the Store down the street. It's got strange people there. -BWAHAHA WHAT A STORE REMARK!
Dovah: I don't start until 7:55
/me rimshots
Ponies47: i need to leave at like 6:13
i get up at 05:00 AM for school
^lol sucks to be you
I need to kil myself soon this depression is KILLING me like seriously. :(
and bye
Dovah: Dang. Your school far away or somthing?
yup-wait what?
Gawd. I alway got up at 8am
^^Debbie Downer
SOrry folks, need to let it out.
I live in 5 minutes from school
I'm 10 minutes away from school
...my brain
I always get up at 4am to make breakfast for my husband and pack his lunch and see him off to work. :P
I need to beam down for school.
Then when he leaves I come to Bronystate
I'm mentally embalanced or something.
no...nothing recently just get despressed a lot.
anypony play tf2?
Yes.
Idk actually.
cuz i need help
Okay.
hazard: not right now, but yes
hazard: PM me here.
hazard not now but yes as well
Of course they will DIE! THEY DON'T HAVE RAILINGS.
I don't fucking know it just is a feeling I get
no...
Stress anxiety, fears
Finally it's Friday. This week went by to bucking slow. ;_;
Not for me.
Ponies47: you tell me -__-
One Yep same
Ponies47: Oy, tell me about it. D:
I wish I could rememebr
JunkerKun: O.O
I have to go see a psychiatrist some day could be surpessed memories.
Gold_Demona: 3 things. School, school, and more school. -_-
and....something else I don't feel like talking about.
Ponies47: For me it's my husband complaining about work more than usual. :(
Gyze. Do they look like children in this picture? http://i.imgur.com/vpcdW.jpg
Ponies47: University, university, university that's my recipe to being tired
Just one more week and his vacation starts, and we'll BOTH be happy.
They should have turned him on his stomach, so the acid wouldn't sink deeper.
Just one more week for me and then Canterlot Gardens!
heh!
XAX: kinda
Oh wow.
Not a bad flick.
Who is streaming?
Barbetos: Caramel
Caramel do you mind if I link a youtube video? I found something amazing.
Yeah...sometimes. SHit happens is all
2,14 I'd rather you didn't...but given that you're probably the first person to actually ASK before posting it...I'll allow it this once. It better be sfw
I don't work. Ll.
lol
2,14 also, PMS are much better for this sort of thing
Its just some funny pony sthing XD
I really don't like to ask or link normally, but this thing is a masterpiece. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQXQrPdwego
You keep telling me that? @_@
Also I sometimes get upset with others for no reason
Barbetos: Lol. Perfect promo X)
must be pretty low standards to consider that a masterpiece
Like SB64, Klumzeedragon, and Pinkies4thWall. They do nothing to me but why do I feel so much hate for them at times? I'm not right in the head I can tell you that.
They are very nice people.
Maybe you're just a jerk.
CG is stunning.
...Don't say that...oh Meanwhile, coming from you that means nothing.
/me shrugpony.
and here goes
hm
DONUTS!
It's like...They can be nice and like 1/8 times I'll be like..."This fucking asshole."
But I KNOW and positive they are not doing or saying anything bad to me. :(
...I think of murder...suicide...and crying. A depressed version of me crying.
Weird...but it's different not always the same.
Looks like someone needs a hug :P
Sounds like you should see a doctor.
no! Hugs D:
Doughnuts will make everything alright.
He just needs someone to talk too
Mmm....Doughnuts :)
Cats are weird.
Talking to people is nice but that sounds like serious issues best handled by medical professionals.
Both on the donut and talking to
^see
Hmm...Eh.
my social skills are (squee).
/me eats muffin
What is this?
lol
:D
Stilll these headaches...they come and go.
Doughnuts.
Having one right noe
now
WHat thing?
oh
Who's the voice of angry "shove the camera in your intestine" marine?
D: I hate it here.
i'd probably get headaches in new jersey too
Yeah I live here. People are dicks.
>Squad disappears
>waste ammo firing into the air
I think he left
I think he's just quiet. Which is lovely.
Sorry lost connection
I don't talk to my family much no, and friends sometimes because they either live far away for don't always listen to what I have to say.
Sweet sweet soothing silence...
I miss it already.
or
is it free?
:/
Is it on the Internet. Like a chat?
"Based on the level of brain activity I'm reading, just barely." Don't think stream's ever lined up my opinion of chat so well at the time.
2,14 at this point, it would probably be beneficial to take that conversation to PM
^ thats what im thinking to
too.
yup
whatever
crappy laptop keyboard
no, not whatever, do it
2,14 he was refering to the grammar correction, Dark_Horst
Caramel he'll PM it to me.
oj, okay then
All have to say if I did something foolish such as suicide, my friends and family would have not been surprised.
Sorry about that.
What even is this on stream?
Dem jitters.
Roughnecks I think.
If I were to go by nothing but the names I've heard so far I'd say it was Starship Troopers.
Meanwhile: It is
And I did not care at all before!
It is? o.o
They really suck at not falling into bug nests.
What's this?
Roughnecks, or something like that
Vulcan mindmeld time
My mind to your mind, my thoughts to your thoughts.
Mano El Mano, Toe to Toe
Dance with Flamenco.
This should of been a vidja game
have*
what game is this???
Reminds me of Halo...
Pink3, it's not a game.
What is this then
Looks old
Roughnecks Starship Toopers or something
Starneck Roughships.
A CGI animated series
Who is streaming
Carmael is Pink3
Caramel*
Kewl
What a nice guy
Trust me you don't want that brain juice
ded
Well. If its his squad.
Then its alright then to lose another soldier
lag! -flips over table-
I wonder if the computers that rendered this also had just as hard of a time about it as I am watching this.
It's buffering just as much as the time we watched it on Movie Night :D
00,02brain bug
http://i.imgur.com/fgWJr.jpg
Many buffer jokes were made that night.
00,02Meanwhile, :D
It just wants to give you a kiss
Haha :D
00,02Meanwhile, 'streams a little buggy'
Phase4 XD lmao
http://i.imgur.com/3Qapx.jpg
<3 Bronystate
Yay the sedative on the left lower and upper side is starting to wear off
of my jaw'
I haven't to a movie night in a while...
*been
Today is going to be awesome
Two words. Space Jam.
xD
Barbetos: Heck yeah
wuuuuut
Inb4 the most dramatic basket since the '82nd nationals.
:<
Some one give that man an asprin!
Kid unfriendly death?
I can't even watch the horror, so much lag :D
00,02boom
o.o
00,02'and now i will explod for no rasin
Raisins are just really old grapes.
morning you crazy motherfuckers
lol
/me glomps Phase4
Goooooood morning to you Bronysith
00,02Meanwhile, and wine is just really old grape juice, therefore raisins are wine :P
/me 00,02hugs Bronysith back
Whoa
Hello Bronysith :D
Hiyo Bronysith
That guy sounds like the dude that hangs out with Bob Page in Deus Ex
http://derpy.me/CjCqI
Phase4: Well, I hate raisins and I hate wine so there's probably some sort of twisted logic to that.
00,02Barbetos, could very well be
00,02Barbetos, : D
this depression chat is cool, I can use color fonts... oh my gawd!!! :D
Like love everyone here right now
i had a weird dream that Meanwhile s moustache went on a rampage throughout london like the reapers from mass effect
With great moustache comes great responsibility.
no hugs... :|
I.... don't know how to respond to that
But still :$
I think the character I am thinking of is Walton Simons
:(
Aw is it over? D=
Thanks for the stream!
00,02awwwwww
/me glomps Gold_Demona
00,02i was enjoying that
:)
2,14 sorry, there's a chance I may end up streaming both BMNs this week...I need to at least TRY and get some sleep
00,02hopefully the guys who did this get another chance some day
Phase4: You're not going to stream today?
Have you slept since Arkham earlier Val?
2,14 also, it's not the end of the show
2,14 that's just the end of that chapter
00,02Caramel, : D
Caramel: silly silly boy, you cannot sleep when bronystate is around
2,14 meanwhile: eenope
If stream is down can I link this depression chat thing? :)
Oh my god, go to bed.
no I will not.
2,14 believe me, I'm trying
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUmHOAgQv28 --- I'll just leave this here :)
2,14 now behave while I'm gone, chat
Caramel: see you
00,02>bronystate
We'll try, good luck with sleep.
See you Caramel
00,02>behave
00,02whats this nonsence
Aww not Phase4 D:
Dunno Phase is it the same as nonsense?
00,02Meanwhile, probably
Phase4 your leaving? D:
you're*
^ Grammar Nazi awaaaaaaaay!~
Meanwhile, are you our resident grammar nazi? :D
/me salhoofs
Depression chat is best chat
Yay Phase stream! =D
http://i.imgur.com/26Vmo.png
Phase4: Yeeeeeah! More rockets!
:D
LMAO Meanwhile!
00,03Heil Conner!
Yay Kerbal massacr - I mean rocket time. :3
Hello Scoot-Scootaloo :P
Brusha brusha brush brush brush!~
00,03I am dead serious, that's how you skype spells your name!
This song was stuck in my head earlier this morning. XD
SIG HEIL!
Lies!
00,03No lie~
well
Lol
00,02something broke
Starting this morning off right
Heh, it went the wrong way
Y U no brush your teeeeth?~ 6_9
>wakes up, drinks coffee, eats breakfast, watches kerbals die
BRONYSTATE
Feels Kerbal man.
HEIL GRAMMAR HITLA!
00,02um
00,02i actually have no idea how to hit duna
Is this post update, Phase4? =D
Duna?
Phase4, it's simple, bigger rockets.
"It's simple, we kill the Batman." :3
Duna. New planet. Exciting.
00,02have to wait for the launch window
00,02its the red one btw
00,02just outside kerbin orbit
00,02also i have stuf in eve and jool orbit
What is the link to that playlist
http://derpy.me/n6cb1
Oh sorry Pink3
lol dat Tardis
Thats not the link XD
00,02http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djurlioRUZ8&feature=BFa&list=PL1A1A787F29F8790C
brb
What is the link to that playlist
00,03HEY! No links during strea... wait...
Hehe.
/me glomps into Scoot-Scootaloo s shins
oh Judas on a ho
We are still talking about tartis?
WHAT IS THE LINK TO THAT PLAYLIST???????????????
Damn it Phase4 :|
WHAT IS THE LINK TO THAT PLAYLIST???????????????
00,02:3
00,02Pink3, i posted
:)
stupid people need to die
I just played TF2 and I was good O_O
Repost Phase
they need to die a horrible and preferably painful death
Ryunosuke: Unfortunately modern society has pretty much abolished natural selection.
Ryunosuke, death by hugs!~ :3
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djurlioRUZ8&feature=BFa&list=PL1A1A787F29F8790C Pink3
That's impossible I suck at TF2 :<
Uh oh.... o_0
Shit. D:
Hi everyone :)
Hey Lil_B
Allo Lil_B.
Hello Lil_B
Glenn Beck... thinks that Goonswarm Federation... one of the biggest alliances in EVE Online... is a CIA front....
Lil_B: Hi
...Sorry
I read the title... and did a wtf face
Hiyo Lil_B
00,02:<
litterally
Und dann rocket died.
O_o
Phase4, I posted your link...sorry man.
that is the SINGLE most retarded thing I have EVER read
/me hugs Ponies47 Meanwhile AdamTheDuck and Gold_Demona :)
Somehow though, Kerbal survived!
EVER
Hooray for the capsule being the only surviving part
The best part of KSP is that even the failures are entertaining.
oh...
/me phew
:)
and I have heard some pretty retarded things
Ryunosuke, are you sure? There are always more fucked up/stupid things than what you just saw.
well i gtg to the dentist thank god dethklok will keep my mind off the drilling
Bye Bronysith
Later Bronysith
Bronysith: Bye
Never underestimate people's ability to be stupid.
Laters Bronysith
Nintendo licensed the Unity Engine for the WiiU ... there now is a chance of seeing Kerbals on the WiiU , and 1.2 Mil other games XD
Why is kerbal going apes**t?
Ooh, this is a new part of the game, an internal interface.
O.O
00,02wish i could turn engines off
Dat song
Probab;y because he's currently reaching speeds of 500 metres a second.
Probably*
00,02would allow me to use the upper stages engines as well
Meanwhile: oh, makes sense
00,02i might need more engine
Phase4, why you no listen to me before? :<
00,02i'ma need more engine
http://bbsimg.ngfiles.com/1/18143000/ngbbs49474fd8a5986.jpg
00,02yeah, need more engine
It's hard to play TF2 when your cat keeps walking infront of the screen -_-
Ponies47: Cat is wanna play too
Cat sapping your screen?
Cat want to help. :3
JunkerKun: He's a pest! But I love him :3
that kittys a cat! 9_6
00,02migh as well do a re-entry test while i'm here
Ponies47: Cats are cool =)
i love dogs and cats
Meanwhile: Nah he's only a kitten.
Gold_Demona: He just wants to be petted
Good grief, descent at 2000 metres a second.
Ponies47: Aww, of course. Isn't that always so? If not to be fed. :D
all my lands would be crash lands
:<
00,02Meanwhile, watch how fast it slows
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/8/31/rdEO8GLdOE6wjHjzRZL2Iw2.jpg
Meanwhile: where is the speed on the screen?
There isn't, but there's a distance counter, I've been timing it.
Meanwhile: ah
00,02the chutes will actually do bugger all on duna
:O YOU CAN SEE THE INSIDE OF THE ROCKET NOW?
00,02duna == mars
JunkerKun, it's on the top of the circle in the bottom middle
00,02they're there to save fuel but really dont do much
I expected the resistance from those chutes to snap the rocket to bits.
00,02Boing
Hard to read though
BOINK!
Derp.
Hey, he is alive!
And then he lived!
41111111111111 <- My cat typed this. Guess he wants to chat to :P
Hello cat.
Ponies47: let him chat! We will talk about fish and cat food!
JunkerKun: XD
Gah, I hate cat food.
Ponies47: I liek punnyz 2!
Mawr rocket~ :3
Meanwhile: I don't. I've never tasted it
KA-BOOOOOOOOOOM!
MadSurge: Who doesn't :P
?
JunkerKun: Hehehe, not like that.
i found a brony on depression chat
Ponies47: I mean, even your cat wants to talk about ponies :D
sadly only one
No one wants to know about depression chat.
pegasister
00,02tricoupler abuse
Ponies47 We sang smile smile smile
Inb4 it falls over in the first ten seconds.
JunkerKun: so, do you like our streamers so far? :)
MadSurge: Sure. They're cool
Good morning, everywhat the hell is that?
So much rocket... ._.
You don't understand he LOVES ponies! He made himself like this http://tinyurl.com/d8qyoef :D
to schoooool~!
ASoftSleepyThing: That is Phase's answer to not enough engines.
ASoftSleepyThing: You're looking at the great invention in the world
00,02y u no attach
ASoftSleepyThing, the Kerbal massacre-atron 3000
*look like
Phase4: Part limit?
ASoftSleepyThing: In other words at the thing that would probably just blow up the whole planet in real world
00,02Meanwhile, no, it thinks they're coliding
00,02clearly this is a bug, i must report it with hasty
Does anybody else have the feeling that this will end badly?
Naaaaaah
00,02ASoftSleepyThing, whatever maks you say that
ASoftSleepyThing, when has too much rocket ever end badly? :3
Phase4: Well, it might be colliding with a tiny part on its side
Guess it's just moody.
Phase4: *movitions to all those engine things*
AdamTheDuck: Um... just at the start, when the rocket blowed up?
JunkerKun, shhhh, they were just fireworks for us :<
AdamTheDuck: Or when it blows up BEFORE it has even risen an inch off the ground
pogoman is 007 :3
AdamTheDuck: Oh... well that was one hell of a fireworks then O_o
Troll-couplers.
...awrraaa
What is this song anyway?
08,01afternoon all
00,02plan b
Plan B looks like a bigger fudgecake than Plan A .-.
Phase4: didn't work either?
00,02damnit
00,02seems they've "fixed" the part placment "bugs"
Oh yeah. This cannot possibly go wrong.
00,02making lemonade out of lemons
^ ikr
xD
If you were building lemonade capable of punching holes in the fabric of space.
Welp time for school. Thank God it's Friday. Plus it's the end of spirit week so less classes today because of the pep rally. :3
Later everypony :)
Have fun Ponies47
Ponies47: Later
Bye Ponies47.
Bye Ponies47
00,02this is totaly gona explode when i stage
lol
Absolutely.
And it's going to take half of Kerballand with it.
Phase4: We will get a cool fireworks then
Phase4: I say it'll explode right afte it starts
Tanks for the stream Phase4 ^_^
00,02Ponies47, ^_^
That thing looks like someone declared war on the moon.
Meanwhile: Who's to say they didn't already?
Meanwhile: Half is not close enough. I think it will take 4/5 of it
It look like a crust buster.
looks*
00,02its like someone declared war on all things
Phase4: add more rockets =)
Welp.
Oh man :D
They're fu**ed
this will end well
00,02i need to fix this
00,02not enough rocket
^ exactly
00,02i need more rocket to help me manage my rocket
Phase4: Rocketception?
Yo dawg I heard you like rockets.
00,02srsly though that was a disaster
00,02why u break so bad
srs bsns is srs
srs gais, it's srs bsns nao
Now cover the outside with boosters.
00,02lol this song
00,02http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dchiYx5Hzo&feature=autoplay&list=PL1A1A787F29F8790C&playnext=3
Clearly the only acceptable answer is to glue a nuclear bomb to the forehead of the Kerbal flying that monstrosity.
It is not official, right?
Isn't Italian dub official? o.o
Damnit, how come the Italian one sounds so awesome.
00,02some idiot built the tower too close
00,02must fire that guy
AdamTheDuck: They had this awesome song instead of original one? O_O
How long will this last?
It won't.
Welp
Didn't even have a chance.
JunkerKun, I assumed so. But I like the English one too ._.
And then it rains explosions on the landscape.
Phase4: build a rocket to fire the guy.
inb4 Phase4 makes it taller and bigger
00,02much better
00,02look at it go
Look at it...wobble.
00,02Meanwhile, its fine
>it's fine
I still think it could've used more rocket... >.>
At least it's going up =D
Now I'm no aerodynamics expert but when your spaceship wobbles you might have a few issues.
Gonna cook breakfast. Tell me what happens.
I'm back!!!!!!!!!!!!
00,02oops
"oops" that can't be good.
Êrm
New PS2 patch. No minigun yet. D=
So, nopony got the newsletter yet?
I think you lost your engines.
Why do I get the feeling that it is wobling in the rythm with song?
Dark92Enigma: I got mine.
Um...
00,02drag chutes pointing down
Meanwhile: i'll check my hotmail
Barbetos: PS2?
Space ballet.
Planet Side 2
Well. That Kerbal is doomed.
Barbetos: Oh
00,02so turns out i was right
00,02explodes on seperation
00,02problem is it exploded on the wrong seperation
No no you don't understand, it's MEANT to explode...
Damn, those triangle things looks like auto-hack from Deus Ex 3
Implying explosions are desirable.
Oh wait. This is KSP after all.
00,02Barbetos, was going to say
00,02why would i not desire them
Aaaaaaaaaaand Derpy burned the newsletter by accident......it's ok
Phase pony is way cuter than he should be allowed to be.
This game might as well be called Kerbal Splosion Program.
00,02epic speed rocket
00,02i could add more fuel to this
do it
then tell me what happens
It still wobbles.
hazard: it explodes, what else can happen?
wt the?
00,02oops
It's probably those couplers
Again with the oops?!
uuh?
._.
OH SHI
JunkerKun: so tell us, who's your favorite pony? :D
Too soon.
o.o dayum
Eh?
MadSurge: Pinkie probably
But lastly it's been Twilight
Science. It some time has funny results
00,02all dat debris
Just a question: Mortal Kombat is considered A or B movie?
Someone is probably fishing in that ocean
Dark92Enigma: Oh god, B.
Dark92Enigma: B
A thousand times B.
A Mortal Kombat movie? :<
00,02must turn that console off
AdamTheDuck: What? You don't even want to remember this horror? =)
JunkerKun: Pinkie is the best :$
just saying, because i'm not gonna pick it
:D
Lies
MadSurge: Yup. Especially her ability to break fourth wall =D
If that movie ends up as the next B I am going to chase you down Dark92Enigma and beat you with a sock and soap.
Guys guys, lets all agree that Spike is best pony.
Barbetos: it would be a lie if i added >_>
00,02this thing has tonns of power left
AdamTheDuck: Yeah well Peter is best rabbit.
JunkerKun: just for the fact she's always happy :D
Did a new moon get added or something? I'm seeing a new orbit on the map.
This music makes it seem very dramatic.
Nyst, new planets I think
New planet? For real? Does it have it's own moons?
AdamTheDuck: With a sock and soap?
Nyst, I think I heard Phase4 say they had moons of their own as well
00,02they do
That's amazing news. What are they called?
/me is bored
00,02lol, i totaly have fuel left
00,02also i missed duna
^ well there's one planet name
hi everypony, what game is this?
You missed a planet?
That takes some effort.
00,02and then ksp stopped responding
Hello Snow, this is Kerbal Space Program
00,02Meanwhile, you'd be amaxed how small a target it is
I really wouldn't. Given the size of planets and the infinitely greater size of space.
Space is really big. It bears repeating.
Snow: Kerbal Space Program
Space is so big in fact, that without math we would be unable to comprehend just how big.
Implying we can comprehend how big space is.
00,02Nyst, i question how much math helps
00,02yeah, missed it by that much
i dont have a clue how bis space is, someone told me its endless and it keeps expanding because of the dark matter
big*
Phase4: not much in terms of actual comprehension, but at the very least it breaks it down to terms we can understand.
00,02true
Dark matter is the answer to everything unexplainable :D
00,02big rocket is big
Well in theory space will continue to expand up to a certain point then the universe will begin to cool and contract in what is termed The Big Crunch.
Ello there everypony.
\\\
Hello Malavolent
AdamTheDuck: Scientists will explain that too :D
Long time no see.
00,02Meanwhile, in theory, but i've read so many things arguing for and agains that
Hello Malavolent! :$
gtg
00,02Meanwhile, we simply dont know enough to really predict that
Bye hazard
Hiyo Malavolent
lets just say space has alot of space ok?
it makes it easier
00,02Snow, that works
Where have you been Malavolent?
I can agree with the Snow
We don't know enough to predict that the universe isn't just the imaginations of a stag beetle somewhere.
We're kinda hamstrung by the fact that all our knowledge from space comes from a single point (here).
And chances are, we never will.
We'd need to observe space from different places, planets, even galaxies to get a proper understanding.
Meanwhile: a giant marble in the hands of an alien child :D
morning, everypony! :)
dat violin
Hey Sylandest!
There's also some minor existentialist questions on how something can expand into nothing.
Good morning Sylandest
Space is impossibly vast and will last for impossible amounts of time. The species humanity will at best last for thousands of years., in personal opinion.
howdy MadSurge, AdamTheDuck :) how're ya'll today?
00,02this rocket is insanely efficent
00,02but you can see how little it does
00,02its like 1.5 M/s/s
So many orbits. :O
Mewanwhile: im sure of that, earth will ahev a meteor impact every 50 million years or something like that
00,02Gold_Demona, ikr!
have*
00,02its awesome :3
00,02well we'll be here for a while
Meanwhile: chances are that when man will become extinct we will be long dead though :D
Snow: Oh I doubt it'll be something extraterrestrial, I believe we'll bring our own end about somehow.
Oh, so they added a Mars planet?
00,02in space, billions of years is almost significant
Meanwhile, yeah that's what I think
00,02orbits nice and flat
Why so pessimistic? Man can survive, though if you'd call the creature a billion years from now still a man is a different question.
What was that quote? World War 4 will be fought with sticks and stones or something.
well, id rather be hit by a shiny meteor thatn killing myself
Not pessimistic, I'm a misanthrope.
then i got something to brag about in the afterlife
Nyst: I personally think that when the sun will destroy the earth humans will have left Earth long before
00,02come on
00,02intercept pls
No, we will have World War II and then the Vulcans will come and Zephram Cochrine will invent the warp drive. :D
World War III*
I reckon humans will be extinct before the sun is.
Gold_Demona: could as well be :D
00,02stupid game
im saying some guy makes a killer pony and kills our entire race
00,02its not easy to hit another planet
inb4 we watch Phase4 flip multiple tables
killed by ponies, Snow? hmm...
try going the other way
All it'll take is one truly significant change in the status quo and the species will eat itself inside out.
oh god i gave someone an idea
Snow: :) XD
Yo
Hello The_Engineer
I mean hi everybody xD
howdy, The_Engineer
lol, the hazards of having two computers side by side. Sometimes you type on the wrong keyboard. lol :D
hey The_Engineer
I just tried to fill a form on my PC by typing on the keyboard on my mac. :D
Anyone got a job for me yet D:
Gold_Demona: lol, you know better than that :3
I sometimes grab the wrong mouse, too. :P
I think the question on everyones mind now is "Why do you own a PC and a Mac?"
Gold_Demona: i sometimes have that too, but i only have a pc and a keyboard(musical instrument)
i fail hard
Meanwhile: Because I like both and I'm too indecisive to have just one of them. :<
I wish I could afford to be that indecisive.
This is going to be a long night watching Phase4 chase that planet :D
00,02probably
00,02or i'll give up
AdamTheDuck: dont worry, we'll keep ya company
Meanwhile: I used to. I couldn't hope to do that nowadays. When one of these dies, I'll be left with just the other one. :P
Switching computers
Hello Everypony :)
00,02either way
or try going the other way
never give up, Phase4! Never!!
howdy Cypresswolf|Hiatus
00,02if i dont find an intercept with duna i'm heading back to kerbin
Phase4, WRONG, don't give up, just add more rocket!~
If you won't believe in yourself Phase4, believe in the me that believes in you!
00,02then i'ma lookup the math to figure when i need to launch
Still working out the problem with my net connection at home - stealing a work computer for a moment :)
Hello Cypresswolf|Hiatus
00,02i'm using way to much fuel
too*
00,02:<
i got me some new pair of glasses by the way, last pair gave me headaches as big as a whale
Heil grammar!
I know that feel
00,02the game is not giving me an intercept
00,02which is incredibly anoying
00,02i passed through where it should have given me one
00,02several times
Manual intercepts are really had I take it.
Got a new wireless system, but dsl still wont work - going to replace to phone line hopefully this weekend - or not - may just skip it and head to my parents house again to stay the weekend...beats crawling under the house to replace that phone line (many unspeakable things under there :( )
00,02Nyst, 'intercept' meens when it visualy shows me when i enter its sphere of influence
00,02doesnt help that the spheres are absurdly small
00,02so
im gooooooooooooooooone
Well this piano melody is nice :3
00,02head home or keep circling?
try using the fluttershy on those beasts
bedtime people
bye
it works
Bye doug - ehh oh well.
00,02i'ma try head home, not gona hit duna anytime soon
Phase4: you align on the path, but the planet is too far behind now. I'd say head back and re-calculate
How long have your kerbins been in space? Weeks?
00,02and probably dont have enough to take off
00,02Nyst, bout 2 kerbin years
00,02also its the one guy
Haha wow.
Two years of screaming alone in a cabin.
He's prolly got no voice by now if he's been screaming for two years...
ill guess it makes you go insane
Where does he get the flour and eggs to make all those soufflés?
...I ran out of coffee. :S
and i made my movie choice
Gold_Demona: :O sacre bleu'!
i ran out of muffins :O
Dark92Enigma: http://i.imgur.com/clvoa.jpg
http://derpy.me/RmC7W
Meanwhile you picked that one? good choice1
!
Love that film.
I'm going back to work :) I'll try to atleast catch a movie stream
laters, Cypresswolf|Hiatus
Kerbal Space Program For Dummies.
Twilight approves
hallo everypony
Hello LightTrooper105
howdy LightTrooper105
00,02this is going to take a while
00,02infact to long, i propose we ditch this guy and try again
/me give cupcakes to AdamTheDucks and Sylandest
LightTrooper105: :D ty!
00,02all in favor?
Phase4: aye
Gold_Demona: time to go to the wallmart and buy some more caffeine!
/me noms on cupcake
Aye.
your choice
well, tis the pirate code
those who are left behind stay behind
MadSurge: But that would mean.... Leaving the house! :O
brb
00,02this craft can do it
Gold_Demona: OH SHIT, YOU'RE RIGHT! :O
:O
Snow, Talk like a Pirate Day is over
leave the house? MadSurge, impossibru!
Aww, we don't get to watch you do all your calculations and maths Phase4? :P
Gold_Demona: good thing there's a mall right in front of my house :D
00,02interderps
00,02you guys still getting stream?
Eeyup Phase4
MadSurge: lol, I have a grocery store and a walmart just up the street from me, but I'm too lazy to get dressed and leave the house. :P
Gold_Demona: still in your jammies eh? :D
MadSurge: Eeyup.
00,02too many tabs
Gold_Demona: done that too :D
So I'm reading there's internal cockpit views now?
Karbal Central Control! :D
Mohawk guy!
Kerbals face when.
lol
:O
just a day in the life with Phase4....lol
00,02XD
Hehe :D
well back to Borderlands 2
hi everypony! i finally got the vinyl scratc t-shirt :3
Hello Ankano_BrOnyxia
scratch*
00,02its when to launch thats the issue
00,02theres a 'magic angle' at which you will intersect the other body
00,02i need a protractor
;o
lol
Phase4 is in srs mode now
http://sphotos-a.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/560304_522395627773931_914226500_n.jpg thats my new t-shirt :P
/me 00,02puts on his thinking face
this is Phase's thinking music, it seems
Und dann Phase4 was Winnie the Pooh.
Ah, gotta go. Will gather friends and play some Borderlands 2 I think
See you all
Bye JunkerKun.
laters JunkerKun
Bye JunkerKun
JunkerKun have fun
Dat squee
lol, derpy thinking face
omg wat is he reedin
i see greek letterz
:p
Open all the tabs!
Something about angles presumably.
00,02http://upload.wikimedia.org/math/8/2/0/820f6211c33dac404d1a5564905e05bd.png there we go
Phase4: y u so clever ;o
00,02XD
00,02Ankano_BrOnyxia, in uni
Looking at that page is making my organs shut down.
Phase4: kewl.. i learned stuff i am supposed to learn in 2 years by now lol.. integrals or sth
The only word I reconise is hyperbola xD
00,02integrals are cool
00,02as are differentials
ye
;o
00,02its just they teach them wrong
mhh idk
xD
00,02a general from differential is a beautiful thing
Man, Phase4. My math skills stop at Algebra/basic geometry. :P
maybe ill try search about it
00,02Gold_Demona, go learn!
I liked simple graphing. That was fun. that y=mx+b stuff
asd
I liked playing with the numbers in my calculator to make different shapes on the graph. :D
Phase4, you seem to be the only person I know that is enthusiastic about maths :D
00,02AdamTheDuck, i know, its not good
00,02math is not that hard
AdamTheDuck: I have a brother-in-law who's just as enthusiastic. XD
Gold_Demona: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Integral :D
I hate math.
00,03I'm afraid he has to use... MATH
00,02its the semi-major axis thats throwing me
Dat OneTrickPony
AdamTheDuck: nah i like maths too :3
00,02not sure what its suposed to be
00,02it would be possible in this game to get places with VERY little fuel
00,02patched conic systems are less than realistic
wats that e?
;o
00,02Ankano_BrOnyxia, not qute sure
00,02parameter for elipse
i think it has to do with N numbers dunno
;o
i 've seen it in logarithms
anyway
