so, isnt this technically role playing?
/me Puts headphones and listens to music to pass the time
we're playing the role of two people having a decent conversation
/me puts on a fez
Priceless
/me Listens to some Beach Boys
on the internet even
I wonder if i have one of those records
/me puts on music and starts singing along... ".. kissed a mare and I liked it..."
i have there music on my phone
/me has an overpriced record player
Whos a silly pony
No canterlot gardens for me :(
your a silly pony
*you're
cachi01|phone: Why?
dont correct me
I shall
/me listens to Eminem
NOOOO
NOOOO to the eminem, or the correcting
AjIsAwesome too expensive
To the correcting of course
ah
I would've said the eminem
eminem is bucking awesome
I hear his earlier work is better
cachi01|phone: What part of it's expensive?
the screen
it's way better than now
it wa funnier
cowvarkian: It is
was*
Eminem was funnier as slim shady
I wont back down!
Fisheh_Fish: I dont even
...
Slim Shady is annoying as hell. They laugh at him and his voice.
/me really dislikes poorly made covers of songs
that he lieks
MASF123|: That's what made him hilarious
*likes
The Osama Bin Ladden Dis from eminem :D
i know
stream over?
eminems getting more serious now.
wrek is coming back soon
yeah it's over
I remember bawling the first time I heard "When I'm Gone"
I heard that MLP comic artist Veggie55 is retiring.
Just Lose It was a good song
what, the randy newman song?
MASF123|: Aw,man. Wasn't it for personal reasons?
00,10Wreky will be streaming shortly so refresh
AJIsAwesome I don't know
Refreshed :)
AjIsAwesome the flight
Wrek: makes best pudding
refreshy REFRESHY DWARF!
Plus i still need my visa and passport
/me derps around on wikipedia
Fuck the Locust we nuke Jacinto ourselves to show we ain't afraid of no Lucusts.
00,10and now to go ensure my bed dont float away for atleast 4 hours
I just got done doing that to mine Sumica
:D http://swellco2000.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/rarity-eminem.jpg
I'm still having trouble regaining my sanity.
I need to catch them with a net and put them in this jar.
So what will you stream Wrek?
dunno yet
Probably Star Trek like he usually does.
Or some art.
Wrek: are you getting a game pad someitme?
he normally streams art, or tf2, or new vegas
never
all righty then
Wrek you don't like gamepads?
i wont cater to the lazy game devs
they said it would be a PC port
cowvarkian: I know
so i expect functioning controls
test
or its an incomplete product
BUNNEH! :[
Hey Wrek. How's your sunday?
wrek what is this "it" we speak of
Dark Souls
ah, ok
well, its just a port
Hello Wrek! :) How are you today?
Vivix: is a pain in the ass
's been decent
STREAM
ah, so a tf2 stream
sagas I haven't tried it, but sounds like it
Vivix: Oh it is
Wrek: didn't they basiclly say they were goning to put no effort into it
Okay, I'm testing Hydra irc- so I can be on when I play- so confused
and Im back :3
and all my pings are off
Wrek: Ah MvM
Wrek: But no music to go with it?
I'm pretty sure the cover art for Doctor Who isn't 4 18-24 year old girls sitting around a table. Although that might not be too bad
damn it
final fantasy 8 is good
what i miss?
nothing
refresh
Fuck I'm too tired for this shit.
Im hearing Wrek pings and its confusing me
ohh tf2
are you too old for this shit?
and it crashes
So what did I miss?
CMC are best soldiers: http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m2ukh09t2w1r9ntj6o1_500.png
MASF123|: are you too old for this shit?
I see tf 2
and buffer again
cowvarkian no I'm not Bill
BOLLOCKS TO IT ALL! SCREW THIS INTERNET! I'M GOING TO GO DRAW AVATAR SPARKLE!
cool

remember when you paid full price for a game and you got like 100 hours of gameplay from the story alone?
yes
Damn this loads forever
how dare you want enjoyment from a game
that's like 4 evers of load time.
speaking of, imma go play metal gear now
MASF123|: Thats TF2 for ya
Bronysith: games like that still exist
and now you pay full price for a game and you only get 1 hour from the story
Hello Everyponyyyy
Aircrafter: Hi
LunarSS: not really, not anymore
hay Aircrafter
Hello Aircrafter
Bronysith: thats a fast run
Hi Aircrafter
What language is that German?
swedish
Bronysith: no they do, i mean there are less of them but still
If this is the German version then the blood is censored.
the games I play take at least 30 hours or so
For some reason my chat just died.:S
dis music
LunarSS: fallout 1 i have sunk in 30 hours and still see no ending in sight
I playd fallout 3 for like, 300 hours...
LunarSS: in skyrim i sunk 6 hours and beat the story, so much bullshit
cowvarkian: i mean just the story alone
AJIsAwesome: Refresh?
well ok I'm out.
I played skyrim for 80 hours without being halfway, didn't like the main story
there are side quests
thats why it isnt a linear game
cowvarkian: MAIN STORY
>.>
cowvarkian: main story
MASF123|: in a foul mood today are we?
main story in fallout is abou 3 hours in speedplay
cool
Bronysith: you can easily play skyrim for over 100 hours, oblivions main story wasnt long at all
cowvarkian: you get 100 hours from the MAIN story alone
Main story was meh.....
cowvarkian: IM NOT TALKING ABOUT SIDE QUIESTS
those kinds of games arent meatn for the main story man
>.>
bah, whatever
But the side quests are AWESOME
Well, here's what I'm off to do
LunarSS: are you kidding me? the skyrim story was so fucking short and easy
Huh? Wrek no just tired. I was cursing at Gears3 a while back. :/
LunarSS: not to mention its been done a trillion times
however
Bronysith: the sidequests in games like elderscrolls are what make it that game
Bronysith: same with oblivion
cowvarkian: i cant believe i just read that
ok
the main story is not the point
I meant the new ones
cowvarkian: you dont go to a restaraunt and order a side dish
Ping! *shakes fist*
But in oblivion you just have.to jump to level up lol
The length of main quest can't really be said. The length of F1 mainquest can be done in 3-4 hours, F2 same if you're really good. Same with most old TESgames I figure
yeah I do, Bronysith
cowvarkian: don't feed him, he'll just get more annoying
oh, I like this
cowvarkian: sure you might get more a side dish than the main course but the main course is what is supposed to appeal to you
it usually doesnt
ok see you all I'm tearing up from all the yawning I'm doing.
Bye MASF123|. Sleep well.
Saying that you are not supposed to play the story is fucking stupid
first join first served
the side dish is what makes it good, not the main course
MvM
Night MASF123| sleep well :)
mind if i join Wrek ?
password is wrekisbestpony
Bronysith: when did I say that
its like reading lord of the rings and someone says "you are not supposed to read the book. you are supposed to read fanfiction only"
MASF123|: Night!
cowvarkian,in certain games yeah,
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: as i said
i keep thinkin im getting steam messages :D
/me glomps TheGreatAndPowerfulT
first join first served
what's the server address?
but im not
Bronysith: I said that the side quests are what fill the game, and make it whole
buy PillowPoni who was the only one to say farewell apparently.
by
can i join?
not the main quest
Wrek: Of coarse! That is the greatest password ever! XD
cowvarkian: AKA FILLER
bye
cowvarkian: like in anime
hai Bronysith
Oh, sorry. Here's what I'm off to do now: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-cUyYVNqC8
/me wavs at TheGreatAndPowerfulT
Wrek: Joining you now :3
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: how are you today?
/me *waves at TheGreatAndPowerfulT
Good and you Bronysith ?
hai Celes_Chere
Major: Whats the server name?
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: good, just playing final fantasy 8
what is this wav I typed?
wrek whats the PW of the server?
*facepalm*
how you doing Celes_Chere
hahahhaa. Guess what I found? http://corpseruncomics.com/corpse-run-196-diligence/
alexxm: Good, and you?
now lets not have everybody rush to join Wrek at once
neyayea
Major: The name is wreks server
Does EVERYBODY in the world have a TF2 server?
i'm good Celes_Chere
so, Bronysith you would rather have an elder scrolls, or fallout game with no side quests?
no guilds?
cowvarkian: never said that, but filler isnt what is supposed to make a game
no daedric quests?
flutter_spin: :D
oh look. Stream, huh
i cant find it
Bronysith: you did say that
greetings everyone
cowvarkian: thats like having a soda with 75% foam is not very appealing
hi IshDepressedPony
Bronysith: but the whole point of TES games is the HUGE world to explore and tons of stuff to do
LunarSS: not much to do in skyrim
Wrek: Whats the server name?
except wander and kill shit
so, you're saying that the side quests, the guilds, the daedric quests, and so on, are foam?
The thing is Bronysith, that the main quest in F1 F2 and probably MO and Oblivion too are no lengthier than the ones in Skyrim, so that's not where you shoudl compare them.
i think you broke the game :P
Skyrim mainquest is really bug though-
in morrowind there was a huge backstory to everything, lots of lore
Bronysith: then you havn't play that much of it because there is a shit ton to do
LunarSS: not really
i enjoy fallout more than TES
Wrek: THANK YOU
I heard that Syrims Main Quest ends rather underwhelming
I need to change the colours on this chat, I'm so used to webclient
whats TES?
The elder scrolls,
does anyone else hear ping noises
oh cant join its full :(
sagas: Teh Elder Scrolls
ah
HERE IS SKYRIMS STORY IN NUTSHELL "you are the chosen one now go kill this dragon"
The*
Bronysith: i do too but saying there isnt much is skyrim is wrong
I enjoy fallout too, but I just like the quest choices in elder scrolls...
bullshit
Wrek I agree, personally
Wrek: havent seent hat rifle before. new?
I do enjoy Fallout more than TES
^
as well
Fallout 1 is amazing, new vegas is FANTASTIC i love both of them
So many pings.
so much annoying ping
pingpingpongping
what's all this bitching about fallouts?
NV main story is pretty bad, but the game is great
in morrowind i feel like i actually get shit done and feel accomplished, in skyrim everything is just handed to you
sagas: to be fair, fallout was wuite the unique game, especially in style. tes is just.... fnatasy. like you find it everywhere
and--the interaction in main story is great
Vivix: the side quests from the other factions integrate into the main story for the final battle for hoover dam which was genius
I like the actual backstory of elder scrolls
ever' day im head shottin
Dem headshots.
Vivix: cause everything had to deal with the endgame
11,02Good morning \:D/
Bronysith true, but I felt the story was less--compelling than F3, but that the atmosphere and feel was better
/me glomps SuperBrony64
JARATE AWAY!
/me hugs SuperBrony64
SuperBrony64: Hello!
Good evening SuperBrony64! *hugs and gives him a baby Discord*
Sorry if I miss any pings, but I'm still configuring this
Vivix: yup, i love the faction system and hardcore mode, New Vegas is definetely the better game but 3 was better story and liam neeson lol
/me hugs Bronysith, Lil_B, and PillowPoni back :D
I like new vegas' over arching story that is within the DLC...
/me plays with the baby Discord :D
11,02PillowPoni: What happened to the filly Trixie? ;~;
what i love about vegas is the diversity of the main story
Morning SuperBrony64! :D
well... I am on the server, but only spectator :/
and how all the side quests affect the overall main ending
obsidian did a fantastic job with NV
SuperBrony64: I still have the filly Trixie j;
mhmm
Where's the demoman?
/me gives SuperBrony64 the filly Trixie
why is Wrek taking damage?
and the DLC of NV was top notch
specially lonesome road
Living is suffering.
Image links are okay during stream, right? (I just got done re-reading the rules)
Wrek: dead money was a bitch to my itch
I liked F3 DLC more than NV
I only did it because of the gold and holorifle
Is sumica still the streamer?
Celes_Chere: Image links are fine
Wrek That's very true, I enjoyed eh Big Empty alot, a bit buggy, but I loved it
Sweet
/me plays Sorcerer's Apprentice with the filly Trixie and baby Discord :D
Then come on over and look at this: http://fav.me/d5cfmas
I just felt you have less relation to the character motivatoin in NV than F3, but otherwise they're pretty much equal on story
11,02Hai Ponies47 :D
Woot Woot MvM!!! Afternoon eveyone! :)
Hey oni_link!
oni_link: Hello!
hai oni_link
/me glomps Ponies47
Pringles are good :3
/me Hugs oni_link back
how are things oni_link
most of NV's bugs were sorted ratehr rapid
hi there oni_link :)
but of course when comparing the fallout series to skyrim...Fallout series wins
AJIsAwesome and the lonepony: Hi!
and sicne it is in fact the oblivion engine
Ponies47: I'm eating some now.:D
bugs here and there are to be expected
good alexxm ! What about you?
skyrim is way buggier than NV to me
and hi Lil_B ! :)
Wrek yeah, and most bugs were fixable on the computer
i'm good oni_link
Wrek: skyrim is the daedric king of bugs
AJIsAwesome: Me to! What flavor? O.O
Vivix: What? Fallout 3 had a railroading story that was full of holes. NV had a strong story.
Ponies47: Sour Cream.
Dat ED face
Dat Ed
What is the song/band that is doing this music?
im loving that Ed spray
Rex_Mundi, well- true, but I felt more for the character motivatoin from the instant beginning, it was easier to replay while roleplaying and such. I have played far more of NV though-
AJIsAwesome: I'm eating the Original :3
yeah... Skyrim has the same Engine as Oblivion (I think it's Gamebryo) but for some reason they won't admit it
OK, i need to sacrifice myself to the purifier, instead of letting my super mutant companion whom survives radiation go in
SEEM LEGIT
/me trying desperately to turn on pings for Hydrairc and make chat easie to read. CTCP ping is that the one?
Ponies47: I have Barbecue but I don't feel like getting up.:D
alexxm: good to hear, my laptop had crashed last night and apparantly its all okay now :)
speaking of ed faces http://derpiboo.ru/82664?scope=scpe9d7820e52af9d62b465ad3aea22338185bc5c415
but i did liek FO3's settign a bit more than NV's
Wrek I didn't have that companion, and I sent in that paladin girl
Whose this band?
AJIsAwesome: I stick with the Original :P
haha, everyone is gettin pissed at square enix
But yeah, I like NV's fele, I love that game
Spectrum_Rush: hahaha :D
this is beautiful
Buytoast: how come?
^
they've had this countdown going down for some time now
Wrek! Turn on those spotify rooms and let people join
wait..then they would hear double music
people thought it was for a the world ends with you sequel
and were getting super hyped
if only spotify was in canada
I diddnt think Fo3 had much roleplay or replayability to be honest.
turns out it's just some andriod port of the world ends with you
not a sequel
i just am sick of how people say skyrim is the greatest game ever made and how it is "revolutionary" have they even played morrowind?
And that makes me mad >:(
Rex_Mundi hm, well- each to their own. I prefer playing new invented characters in NV, but I like growing up in F3, in fact I loved growing up so much that I probably love the story because of that
Jarating a machine? Whats that gonna do? :D
and now everyone is bitching everywhere and getting ass shattered
sagas: make criticals
the problem i had with NV was that it missed the athmosphere that 3 had. too much western, not enough fallout
^
time to upgrade my piss in a bottle....
but the thign i love about NV is how they make deathclaws actualyl live up to the name
Mm, yes, but I felt the western was a bit justified by the locatoin and how--fake las vegas is, but I dunno, I kinda agree
Wrek: your rig must be pretty good not getting any lag when the tank explodes
Death Claw and Wanamingo should be the scariest shit you ever meet
best armor in the game and explosive roudns with the AMR, and still then they pose a challenge
Someone ping me?
thogh, contentwise NV was an upgrade
with then loadingbench and ALL THOSE GUNS!
Vivix: The very begining of Fallout 3 is the strongest, its just that the game gets weakers as the story goes on. The most fun to be had in FO3 is to mindlessly exploar rather than than go straight to megaton. But as you gain levels and ecome familiar with the wastland and realize the stupid things about the setting, it saps the fun out of the game for me.
Agreed yeah
im hoping fallout 4: Boston takes the atmosphere and settingish of FO3 and the gameplay and story mehcanics of F:NV
Rex_Mundi: stupid things?
Rex_Mundi, I kinda have to agree with you, I tend to avoid BoS and the ending as hard as I can when messing around. And I have the most fun that way-
Oh hell yeah Wrek,
I'm sick of people who call themself hardcore gamers and hove nothing on their PC except Bethesda or Blizzard games ... I just think trying out a variaty of different games is somthing notmuch people do
Also, ping did not work.. how do I enable that on HydraIRC?
Wrek: there's a fallout 4 in the works? :O
yes
Buytoast: Im well aware of Morrowind and Oblivion but Skyrim is the first Elder Scrolls game I actually owned.
holy shit you got me excited now
i aint said shit son
good night guys
Night, Eli
I am terrified of F4 rumours, but I am so god damn excited
good night Eli :(
Buytoast: and I dont hype it up. Alot of the fans get annoying though
Needed some good music to listen. Sees Wrek streaming. Problem solved :D
Night Eli
*listen to
Night Eli
Eli: Night!
bye Eli
sagas: You know, the prewar tents that are still up 200 years after the nuclear war, one has a working computer terminal in it. That sort of stuff. there is a TON of stupid things about FO3. How about all the working lights in the Metros and desolated buildings? magic electricity?
Aw, I wanna play MvM :(
oni_link, what in the hell are you tellin me this for
dat g3.5 scootaloo
HAY GUYZ@!!!!@!#!#
i ain't said shit about skyrim
MvM?
Rex_Mundi: Magic?.....
Rex_Mundi, yeah, and I really disliked BoS direction and that optimus prime robot-
but of course, games are never going to get better cause the greatest game of all time "final fantasy 6, 7 and chrono trigger" have all been made
Remember that the nuclear physics of Fallout is based on the 50s glorified view of the future
Buytoast: cause of what you said earlier. Im just putting my two cents in on the matter. I had to step away to help my folks update Netflix in the living room
Rex_Mundi: the working tech gets pretty much explained by vault tech and their obsession with building things robust. what got me more was the 200 year old salisbury steak
sagas: how ells do you explain the working power in that game?
lol
Bronysith: dat super closed mindedness
what, about the world ends with you oni_link?
Rex_Mundi: Magic?......
though i did hate how NV did with the BoS
LunarSS: twas a joke
the working power is the remnants of nuclear, but there's a bit too much power
after FO3 they were kidna the good guys
after NV
i feel like sidign with the enclave 24/7
well, Mother 3 is only 6 years old, and there are many good games OUTSIDE of the RPG World
LunarSS: just with the disapointment skyrim
In F1 they're half evil, they don't give a shit about you, and I like that
dr-whooves: yeah
LunarSS: and how most games are catering towards casuals piss me off
Bronysith: alright, but a lot of people really think that
but casuals have the money
and money talks
you're just an elitist
@Wrek- oh hey, we were talking about your artwork earlier, yur Sumica OC is <3. And I fell in love with Fluttershy once because of your drawing.
damn stairs http://derpiboo.ru/83454
<3
Confound this stairs
inb4 bomb blows up
Buytoast: what? cause i love a good actual challenge in games?
hahahaha Spectrum_Rush
isn't Twilight able to teleport?
well duh
Spectrum_Rush: Hahaha, thats great :D
Wrek: well, the brotherhood of steel are pretty much greedy assholes. the chapter in FO3 was an exception becasue their elder was such a nice guy
Spectrum_Rush: :D
This is getting me in the mood to play some TF2
obviously if you like challenge you spend all your time hunched around your computer/CALLADOODIE machine and don't bathe or shower
the feel when you get kicketbout of the Spectators because of your inactivity . _ .
the clean cut modern and mature gamer has time for other things
The Brotherhood in FNV is how the Brotherhood should be.
DAT CALLADOODIE
shoot the white thing!
Lil_B lol
Brotherhood only stand for tech, never helping, or even attacking civilians, but the BOS in Fo3 is an offshoot group that refuse to neglect helping hte civilians
and how it was in FO2 and before
Dark_Horst yeah- BoS are bastards, most of the time
Someone ping me again?
Wrek: dat $666
BoS aren't bastards they are just detached as fuck
EVIIIÑ
L
DAMMIT
Dumori: they wouldnt hesitate to smoke a vault if it meant getting the hardware in it. i think it even happened somewhere before FO3
Yeah, I think so
upgrade your piss Wrek!
Depends on the chapter
only Vault I knwo fo being cracked for tech was via enclave
F3 cracked a vault yes
which is..weird
BoS have hit abandoned vaults
Was it one still active?
but BoS- haven't they attacked civilians in F1?
who here wants to get a lobby going in TF2?
dat KING PINKIE :o
Dat King
Dumori I think Enclave attacks Vault 101 in F3-
Enclave attack vault 15 in fo2
http://cheezburger.com/6536387072
Vault 69 had 999 women and 1 man
@Wrek- <3<3<3
Rex_Mundi,yes, not being able to choose sides is really annoying, but I did help Eden, because at the time I played the "Vault kid who thinks mutie are zombies" role
Rex_Mundi: you could side with eden by using the anti-mutagen he offers. kills of almost the entire wasteland
hello everypony :)
BronyInstrumental: those damn spiders :[
F3 hit some canon faults
oni_link: ...wut?
tab fail i meant Bronysith
dem crits
over 900 each hit
Dark_Horst: But who besides a socialpath would do that (since your effected too)
Hi BronyInstrumental
sorry BronyInstrumental hello by the way :D
Rex_Mundi: vivix did^^
Hey BronyInstrumental
Hehe, I did- but I was playing a role-
Dumori: I thought they attacked Vault 13. with the smart Deathclaws
also, ping still won't ping me
is that korpiklaani? ?
I think Enclave attacked Vault 13?
thought*
Vivix: are you using a separate IRC client or the website?
dat swing speed
seperate, first time running it
Inded
*Indeed
throw more jarate
Dat wrecking
Is fallout equestria more like FO3, or more like NV and the classic games?
You might need to explore settings
Rex_Mundi: both
Rex_Mundi: it starts out very FO3
Fe is like a blend, KKat has played all the games
Vivix: yeah you probably have to enable sounds
And find the highlight options Vivix
missed 1 bundle :(
theres a tiny bit of Wasteland references too
/me tries
Should I eh.. try to enable CTCP ping or..like a script?
brb
Rex_Mundi: but it also takes ideas from new vegas. and developes into something own later on
Aw we almost had a perfect game :(
I need to replay wasteland.
Major: and you lost
Vivix: tbh I dont know
Yeah, FoE becomes its own thing, really nice story and different enough to be exciting
Bronysith: eh, I dont really care :P
Major: doesnt matter you lost i won
Does anypony here know anything about that Fallout Equestria game being made?
Anyone here wanna get a TF2 game going?
Bronysith: what exactly? You won nothing :P
Major: yes i did actually
Major: winner got gloating rights for eternity
Any HydraIrc users here?
Bronysith: then that just makes you more of a asshat
Vivix: i do but not ATM
Rex_Mundi: i know that they're still looking for people. it'S going to be a full conversion of the fallout 3 engine. own story, own items, own maps
Major: *an
why does everyone wanna play TF2 when i'm on my crappy-ass laptop? :<
Bronysith I'm trying to enable ping- just as the webclient, but I can't figure it out
Vivix: cant help you there lol
Damn-
well, I'm gone , good night everyone!
BronyInstrumental: get off your crappy ass laptop
Goodnight Lil_B
Lil_B: night
bai Lil_B
BronyInstrumental: There was no way of me knowing :( I would have been on sooner if that was the case
Night Lil_B
also night Lil_B
/me hugs Vivix Dark_Horst BronyInstrumental PillowPoni and oni_link ;)
Lil_B: Night!
oni_link: yeah, i woulda been able to play like an hour ago :(
and AjIsAwesome :)
BronyInstrumental: aw. well how about later today?
i broke the private
Night Lil.....
oni_link: it's half past 10 at night, and i'm on a laptop until thursday XD
Dat Scootaloo
BronyInstrumental: ahh how come??
Wrek: http://cheezburger.com/6532268800
oni_link: in MY house all i have is my laptop. every thursday and saturday (sometimes sunday, I.E today) i visit my dad. he has a fast-running desktop :P
Someone ping me?
/me nags
and then there was silence
BronyInstrumental: oh makes sense. My laptop sucks but one of the few games I can run on it is TF2. Im saving up for a decent AMD X4 Kit for around 300 USD. 400 total cost when I buy the graphics card, an HD 5870 at 2GB
BronyInstrumental: did you know that drowing and forgiveness sounds the same?
drowning
Bronysith: no i didn't. did you know that if i cared i would care?
BronyInstrumental: screaming and then silence
thats hte sound of forgiveness and drowning
...
Is the stream working for anyone?
AjIsAwesome: yeah
AjIsAwesome: It's working fine for me
you might have to refresh
Maybe it's my internet. The stream won't load everytime I refresh.
:(
ohai BState.
hi WallDives
ohai WallDives
hoi WallDives
hi WallDives
Wrek, Fallout 4 in boston is confirmed?
Dem posters :D
Hye WallDives
wrek!!
*Hey
bethesdas fallout team has been active in that area gatehrign research
MadSurge: IKR
hello bronystate. whos streaming
and in game stuff points at it
OOOhhh, nice.
Hello, TheKatPony
TheKatPony: Wrek is!
ooo
I'm excited now, I've never been there, but Rex_Mundi 's mentioning of LIGHTHOUSES made me excited
are ping noise on
hey everypony iam back
find out alexxm.
hello TheKoreanBrony1354
wb
Cool. if rural massachusetts is in, then there will be lots of Trees, rocks, amd little stone walls everywhere! lets hope they learned how to make a proper fallout game from Obsidion.
Welcone back.
so whos winning Wrek
probaly
Yeah, I hope so. In F2 it was clear that forests existed- F3 kinda derped on that and made it out to be a legend
/me Pokes the chat
ow.
/me watches the chat fall
fallout X: sweden
killer moose everywhere
:D
Wrek: shut up and take my money?
BronyInstrumental: I'd hate to be on the receiving end of his shots...
Oh man- That sounds really nice
I'd love to see fallout europe, I'm not sure what fallout said happened to europe, but it is in the design bible
should be able to read it on Wikia
Back. Just had to restart my computer.
AJIsAwesome: wb
>_><_<>_><_< http://derpiboo.ru/83087
okay... FINAL FANTASY 8 takes the cake for best opener in final fantasy
welcome back
TestV test
Vivix Test
oni_link: yeah. people don't exactly laugh at me while sniping but they have a chance to do something, unlike when wrek is sniping :D
Allo everypony.
Hey Meanwhile!
Hey Meanwhile
hey Meanwhile
hi there Meanwhile
Meanwhile: Hello!
/me gives Meanwhile a box
ohai Meanwhile
BronyInstrumental: I hope to never go against Wrek then D:
lol, i just found wreks server, now i wait
Check yoself b4 you wrek yoself
how you doing Meanwhile
:D
Vivix
Vivix:
alexxm: Eh, GW2 crashed on me again, figure I'd take a break.
O_o
Another possibilty, Fallout Hawaii maybe? Although I think the United states ownership of hawaii is illegal based on USAs own laws, until the monarchy is restored and a deal is made to make the annextion legal.
Ah
Dat moving to the beat :D
Are you dancing Wrek?
I would love to see--Fallout expand
Looks like it, lol
but I would..prefer to see it done by the people who made the lore, you know?
Because F3- even if I loved it, it kinda feels like fanfiction
Engie! Y u no press F4!?
whos pinging!?
BRB playing Gravity Rush
Vivix: So... Obsideon than.
Vivix: wut?
Dat Wrek lolol
It's on the stream, so whenever someone types Wrek you'll here it
Yeah, Obsidion and maybe some Brian Fargo involvement, but- I take what I can get with joy!
Obsidian*
TheKoreanBrony1354: probably Wrek I think he has IRC on the website in the background
Yep ^^
Well, not everything, for me. Mothership Zeta is a joke.
Yes
Mothership Zeta is like that bridge of Death in F2, not even possibly semi miniscule canon
...
I like the end of mothership zeta, We get to be all star trek
Veggie55 is going on indefinite hiatus
motehrship zeta was a fun DLC
I've never played it, actually, but it just can't be canon
but i didnt care for it story wise and fallout could have noe without
Full power to the forward sheilds!
Still, doesnt make it a good DLC. FO3s good DLCs are The Pitt and Point Lookout.
yeah, it's like those jokes in F2
Never really liked Fallout.
Point look out was stupid
^^
The Pitt and Point Lookout are what I bought yea, I didn't quite enjoy--the mutants in Point Lookout (consider, super mutants are..very special, what happened to the swampfolk?)
Meanwhile: understandable
HOW DID THIS CONVERSATION START?!
It just doesn't interest me.
Meanwhile: what interests you?
I never was into the alien plot points in video games. It's overused and boring.
It's all very much grey surrounded by suoer mutants.
super*
/me dances to the music
i wanna join their game :(
AJIsAwesome: Same with me ^^
They show that bethesda are better at creating their own stories rather than rehashing Fo1 and Fo2 story in an unsatisfactory manner (and that is what the main Quest in FO3 was)
Rex_Mundi: Except the small, tiny, insignifigant detail that the main quest in FO3 was so far from the FO1 and 2 mould that it was silly
Fo3 had issues in canon, consider how weak jet and other drugs are, how mild the world is, and how trees don't exist- Moriartys accent and 3-Dogs accent?
:o
I really enjoyed Fo3, but I did close my eyes to some things, and some things--just bugged me with the canon
brb everypony gotta fry sum fishies, want any?
3-Dog has an accent? Moriarty proves that there are more advanced parts of the east coast than the CW that has ships (the only way the capital wastland makes sence in any way is if its just a backwater that the surrounding areas spit on)
Could be- but Moriartys accent is from a country that vanished 250 so years ago
This song! :o
PillowPoni: Tilapia
3Dog just felt a bit too modern-
and a lot of his things like "I was doing jet at the time"
Jet is not--weak, it's like crystal meth, the people who use it in F2 are --they can't even talk
hai everypony, how you doing? :)
PillowPoni: Ikr
It just bugs me
Michael: Hello!
Hey Michael
God, I haven't eaten all day :|
Hey Michael
Ded.
TheKatPony: then go get food?
hai Micheal
Dovah: I have no food :(
/me hugs AJIsAwesome PillowPoni TheKatPony thelonepony
TheKatPony: do you have pet?
Niece is asleep early and house is clean. Wat do.
Dovah: .....no..... >_>
TheKatPony: Grocery store?
PillowPoni: Watch ponies?
AJIsAwesome: But stream is on.
yeah, but Jet was created by mobsters in New Reno, it's a brandname, so to speak- I bet it is a weaker watered out variant, but- it's just too weak and easy to use in F3
TheKatPony: be a pony and eat the ground!
PillowPoni: Then watch the stream :)
Items in general in fallout 3 are too week and too comon, you can find drugs and grenades and stuff in mailboxes. LAME
TheKatPony: I am :3
Truee, and I mean what- I payed over 1000 caps for Stimpak in F2, and I think I only got..3
in F3 they're cheap as crazy
Rex_Mundi: grenades and ammo on mailbox: fallout logic
All modern bethesda game has the autoloot fail
Im still trying to wrap my head around how someone put a baseball bat in a mailbox.
Well, shit. I'm just gonna go get food. See you all later.
Bye TheKatPony
it makes places like The Glow uninteresting- the glow was amazing because of the weird loot
Hehe, and a CRUTCH in the mailbox as well
Rex_Mundi: That's easy. Break the bat into pieces and put it in the mailbox.
Vivix: what's the glow?
I can also use one tire iron to repaire another tire iron.
The Glow is a --secret military base in F1 that was hit dead on by a nuke
It's almost impossible to reach without good preperation, and has really cool lore and loot
thoguh iirc, i liekd how repair worked beter in FO3
When I went there the first time as a kid it was like D=...."This is the most amazing thing EVER!" and--I died 2 weeks later of radiation poisining in the desert
in NV iw as as logn as you had the same type of wep you can repair to max condition
correct me if im wrong
Wrek: it was
Whos streaming?
But it was expensive in FONV, plus high level guns are rare.
yyes, but skill raised how effective. F3 capped you so you could not repair to max without skill,
I keep hearing his pings
Wrek: but i liked the repair sets. beats running around to find exactly that same weapon
yes
Wrek: ping?
ping
Wrek: correction: smae type of weapon only worked if you had the jury-rigging perk
in FNV?
yes
I think I did it--without it?
Im still in love with Wreks artwork. Dat Sumica pony.<3
^ U guys talking about FoNV?
yeah, among other fallouts
yes
nah in NV jury rigging is only to help you make special ammo
basically
Fallout 3 and New vegas are too easy
depedns on hwo you play
atleast when it comes to NV
I like playing in a way--I'm constantly poor and dying, I love it
I've played hardcore mode
Eulshy: play it in hard
Vivix: i remmebr erepairing weapons only with the exact same weapons. and then repair kits. the jury rigging perk enables you to repair same weapon groups. like, pistols with pistols, no matter if 9 or 12,7mm
Eulshy: hardcore mode isnt to make it hard
It's still not hard
its to make ir slightly more realistic and gettign you to actualyl drink and eat and sleep
nothing else
Dark_Horst, oh yes, that sounds abot right
I've played in hard
I play in Normal with Hardcore, and I think it's just the right amount of hard for my playstyle
on hardcore mode, there, more description
in hrd
hard*
i loved hardcore, for realism
I kinda wish radiation was a bit scarier in F3 and FNV
SO INTENSE!
but yeah-
everytiem i got back to FO3 i say "but wheres hardcore?"
Hello Bronystate people
0,5HARD CORE
HoodyNinja: Hello!
Wrek yeah- that and iron sights
ohai HoodyNinja
0,5Ill give you a hard core~
Vivix, lol you used to get radiation and die
Hi HoodyNinja! Long time no see! *hugs*
BaconMane: Hey, BaconMane!
Hey BaconMane
PillowPoni: I was on last night :'(
Yeah, but you could die like weeks later in F1 and 2, if you weren't attentive
I kinda miss that lingering threat
PillowPoni: I didn't see you on last night.
well, if you constntly got small amounts and sickness
ohai BaconMane
Maybe you were lurking or I wasn't paying attention.
stupid crAPPLE... I want my desktop already, this damn thing's wireless card always fails on me and when it does, it freezes the system.
PillowPoni: Did you just message yourself by accident?
AJIsAwesome: Oh god yes I did.
/me facefloors
cant really decide on the radiatiion in fallout 3. on one side, it was a little too common and shrug-offable. on the other hand, it kinda fit the whole exaggerated setting of FO3, being so accustomed to radiation that it'S a background nusiance
brb
My friend in MIT in Boston says that Bethesda people have been researching Boston. Awe yeah, this will be cool.:D
back
It got quiet or my chat crashed
Dark_Horst, yeah, that's true- and it was hit extra hard.
HoodyNinja: Nope.
AJIsAwesome: Yay :)
what i missed of radiation in FNV was the mutations
Ugh, I should be cleaning house, but i don't feel like it
also
I don't know the lore on mutations very well
VATS is for pussies
but Super Mutants are not mutated from radiation
^^
they were made before the war
well I guess I'll play some TF2 multiplayer because I can't host apparantly and because I can't find more people to play MvM with
around 2070's
^ What Wrek said
FEV virus made them
yeah
in The Glow and Mariposa
Woops
I'm out of Mann up mode Tickets
I should go trade for some
/me backs up his tumbleweed truck
You thinkthey will ever go back for a western style game? maybe Fallout 5 or whatever will be in Texas. Imagine the mexican bandito raiders!:D
I finished Twilight vs walking
...dat ending
Hehehe
CrimsonPhoenix: How was it?
steam ID _oni_link_ in case you guys wanna play something. I ll be on later, bye and thanks Wrek for streaming :)
all the jarate
creepy?
Bye oni_link
bye oni_link
oni_link: Bye!
bye oni_link
How long did u take to walk down those stairs?
CrimsonPhoenix: Why?
I wish they would make one fallout with the masive worldmap and big cities again
:)
AJIsAwesome, you gotta play it to see it
Metronome, quite a while
Rex_Mundi, fallout was never in texas
haven't taken note on time
but less than an hour for sure
Nor will it ever be like that
I took me 5 min:$
maybe you were lucky enough
I think F1 had some texas
*It
No it didn't Vivix
Eulshy: Yeah, thats why it would be a cool idea. NV was western in that it was in Nervada.
Where did it cut off?
I gotta go to bed guys :( Goodnight!
Bye MadSurge *hugglies*
night MadSurge
see ya MadSurge
bye MadSurge
Well the fact that texas is way to south
Bye bye!
Where most of the storires have taken place around california, except for 3
Oh yeah, Fallout yeah, had to relook the maps
dat "tank"
Chat is mad Quiet:S
Eulshy: What about it? I suppose the deep south could work for a setting. Fallout New Orleans... In anycase, id prefere Boston (New England is BEST ENGLAND!:P
yeah Metronome
Hehe, F4 sounds like it will be awesome
and I really hope they hit the story right, and atmosphere
If they don't include hardcore and ironsights however- they will just be ignoring NV's improvements-
all the sprays
Meh, Fallout will always take place near the original source
probably, yeah. The references in their storybook thing design thing... mentions europe and what places were hit etc, but I doubt it will be made into a game
I really hope Bethesda learned from Obsidian, I dont want them to Ruin the Boston location, what the did in FO3 (with the Railroad and androids) was preety effing horrible.
Some of the robots bugged me a lot
Rex, botson is already ruined
All the F robots have that--they kinda make sense, you know? But bipedal robots? Bipedal giant robots? In what possible world would that make sense?
Vivix: dont search logic in fallout
Vivix, the fictional ones they exist in
I was talking about the selfaware humanoid ones i that Rivet city quest, just terrible.
but the fictoinal world of fallout makes that giant make even less sense
Oh those enclave androids? Yeah I hope they drop that
Commonwealth androids
I don't really want--them to expand on that Enclave thing either, but where is Boston compared to that rumoured enclave location?
yeah, that's the name
Vivix: The rumoured Enclave location is in Chicago
/me tries to do mental map
Vivix, the Enclave has the robots down already
Vivix: mental map of what?
Boston-New England (the north east). Chicago- the midwest
/me yawns
commonwealth is boston
now I'm worried
Vivix: You should only be worried if you are on fire
More like the commonwealth is Fallouts equivelent of MIT
It's 1521 here in Vancouver and I'm already sleepy :P
amd MIT is where?
my comptuer is bucking up. brb gonna do a restart
exactly
I forget
massachusets
/me spellpowers , GO
and where is boston?
Well, if they make it work, I'll enjoy it
same place
We will probably never see the inside of NCR
The only thing that worries me about Commonwealth is that- android thing makes me envision like a glowing bubled city with flying cars- but I really hope that's not it
Metronome: Nice.
Vivix, thats funny
Metronome: wow :o
and no it isn't
Whoa, Metronome. You wouldn't find that out of place in a museum :O
Massachusetts has some of the most prestigous schools in the USA, has a well funded public schol system, and an important technology deloper of the USA, no dough there will be lots of SCIENCE! in Fallout 4.
who is playing?
Well, art museun, but STILL
*museum :S
Well, it probably won't be, but we won't know until the result is clear. Bethesda has only made one fallou game, so they still have to prove themselves
People like him should have gotten a lot of attention :/
Metronome: agreed
who is playing
Vivix, they have made 2
no
wrek is playing
They have made one
vivix, which one?
Bethesda was not involved in fallout new vegas
0,5http://i.imgur.com/DqDrd.png
They gave the license to remnants of Black Isle, Obsidian, and gave them engine and freedom
Bethesda publish FNV
SO FABULOUS LC xD
BaconMane: That's horrifying.
I have to leave now, see you later *hugs all*
/me waves
Rex_Mundi: Bye!
So Vivix, you say bethesda had nothing to do with fallout 3
Bai Rex_Mundi
bye Rex_Mundi
Baconmane: Is that you?
0,5D:
0,5no
-_(\ sry
BaconMane Could never look that creepy!
bye Rex_Mundi
BaconMane always looks that creepy.
Eulshy, nooo that's the compelte opposite of what I am saying. They made F3, but did not make FNV
BaconMane: Well, there goes sleep. Totally didn't need it.
Huh? Which one is Forrest Gump? :S
Wait never mind he's on the other team :P
Wait my bad, looked at the bg colour :S
bewm
Polydunami: He's the engi.
not sure if photoshop fail, or spawn from hell...
I need to re download TF2 now
:3
My dog is visibly aged ._.
Spectrum_Rush: Why not both?
I haven't seen anyone use Demoman on this stream....
Oh yeah, lounge it up
And classy as fuck music
:D FoNW music
Loving this playlist
http://derpy.me/UJb4T
MOAR NV music Wrek!
*V
Meanwhile: Oh god.
Meanwhile: dat fail
Meanwhile: Well okay then
Wait is that a new meme?
:D I love how these old songs are specifically remembered via video games
oh boy, now people are going to start overusing that face now
fun
Oh god Meanwhile I saw that on ECMajor's blog. Such a horrible restoration
Wait what face?
I know this isnt from that, but I instantly think Fallout with this music
some stupid fucker botched up a restoration of an old picture in a church or something
Spademagnes[R]: prolly cuz wrek plays this music when he plays nv
so instead of jesus it looks like some inbred monkey
Dovah: Well this music is a track in the game itself
Vivix: dat ping :P
And yeah, the painting now looks like a howler monkey with a neckbeard.
Spademagnes[R]: 0.o
Meanwhile: *laughs*
Now this is dissonance at its finest :D
BIG IIRROOOONN!! BIG IRRROOOOOOOOONNN!!
makes me feel old - having listened to several of these classics via golden oldies radio :P
So just how much of this party is made of Bronystate members?
Meanwhile: his name is Cecilia jimenez
hey Spademagnes[R] gj on that fluttervideo
Spademagnes[R]:Probably all of them.
Spademagnes[R]: I think all of them
hai Spademagnes[R]
Major ;__;?
Spademagnes[R]: Probably all of them.
Vivix: you pinged me when you were talking about that EOCMajor :P
Ooh, hehehe
More Fallout music! (even though thats not where its from)
Big Iron on his hip?
YES
I GOT PSO2 WORKING!
I see we're watching Wrek wreck TF2 MvM
I need to find a musical note pin for my Uncle's funeral - other than jewelery stores, where can I specifically find that pin?
Ok I'm back. There the glitch I was having went away
Cypresswolf: Ebay, amazon
why are we watching tf2?
otakon: If you mean "Watch wrek miss most of his shots and then pull out the piss jar" yes.
Spademagnes[R]: Wrek seems to disagree
Hello everpony
ohai Ponies47
http://www.acountrypriest.com/2012/08/25/ Not sure if source :/
derpyface: Why not?
hai derpyface
Meanwhile: hiya man, and I suppose yes
SuperBrony64: but
I need it by Wednesday night - funeral is thursday
Spademagnes[R]: I actually never see Demoman on MvM. I wonder why.....
Hey Michael
Also, there is a Tornado running through my area atm
derpyface: Hi!
well a Tornado warning anyway
StupidSexyCJ!
otakon: Be careful.
Metronome: yeah, thats it
o hai Vivix
i see demomen all the time in mvm
they can help drastically
Long time no see
otakon: Lucky, its sunny and bright outside in Arkansas
well iam going to play ral tf2 bye everypony
Aaaaaa
Hi
yeah, been away for awhile
HoodyNinja: New Orleans is gonna get hit again
good break?
Spademagnes[R]: he drinks a LOT of coffee
Spademagnes[R]: He has massive kidneys.
Hi JRP
Bye Guys
another hurrican for new orleans?
oh boy
Bye Metronome
bye Metronome
Vivix: not enough pony
sounds fun
I'm a pony
nice shot
hai JRP
JRP: You look like a JRP to me
StupidSexyCJ hehe, never enough. Paint chat is a bit broken now- so hardly anyone there
JRP: Hello!
I thought it was supposed to hit haiti anbd possibly florida
No I'm a pony
Howdy Im back Everyppony
Vivix: yeah i havent been able to get on for a really long time
Nothing like fresh Malk in the afternoon :3
StupidSexyCJ, Phase4 gavem an alternate link to use, that made mine work- but it doesn't work to everyone- just a sec
hai Malk WB
I'm not on atm , though
Malk: Welcome back!
00,02o_O
oh cool
00,02oh, Vivix: paintchat?
Phase4: Hello!
Thanks AJIsAwesome thelonepony
Im a fridge
00,02StupidSexyCJ, http://www.bronystate.net/paintchat/signed.html
Oh yeah, get a load of this swing :3
oh yes, that one
Allo Phase4
I can probably find one tomorrow when I go get some proper clothes for it...
00,02helllo
Did I wake you Phase4?
thanks Phase4
Allo Phase4.
This is new vegas music Right?
oahi Phase4
olla Phase4
*ohai
Howdy Phase4
Hello me
00,02Vivix, nah, was already awake
Wait I mean phase4
00,02XD
http://derpy.me/YPeP5
:3
Is Demoman useful in MvM?
Look at that health bar go
AJIsAwesome: VERY
So why the hell is Demoman hardly seen here?
Paintchat works? Yay
Beats me, i only use denoman or soldier in MvM
hmm, links borked
Awsome dash face
00,02AJIsAwesome, if your good with stickies you can do as much damage as a sentry
Phase4: you're*
This song <3
oh no
JINGLE JANGLE
Phase4: Cool! I just don't see a lot of people use Demoman.
JIngle jangle
dat music, ideal for kill
Demoman is a fun class AJIsAwesome
I think I heard this song on the radio the other day.
Paintchat only works to some people, and noone really knows why- it seems?
Don't see much romance between Dash and Sonic, to be honest :P
It used to work for almost everyone before htough
chat derp on me
Vivix: strange
/me is downloading Java
Vivix: Celestia hates us
Hello everypony!
Hi pyrocatboy
hai pyrocatboy
pyrocatboy: Hello!
Ello pyrocatboy
ohai pyrocatboy
im probably really slow poke on this. but joshscorcher is a brony? awesome lol
I'm able to get in via Phase's link- but yeah
Vivix: his link don't work for me

I remember, for a while I had to use IE, because chrome would break Paintchat, but then IE broke it, and after that only his link has worked for me-
It's like- Java is alive, and is sick of me bugging it so it crawls away
why the hell can i never find anything i need on minecraft? first no slime, then no desert, now no wolves... wtf... -_-
Bronysith: I wouldn't jump to conclusions. It's best to wait until he says that he is.
That Ed face
AJIsAwesome: he reviews episodes
What
Dat Fluttershy :3
all dat money
Color chat works I just cant log in
all that loss
Does money carry over in MvM?
why is the paint chat always empty
yes
but only if you get it
.
Vivix: i'll try IE
Buytoast: Thanks.
lovely music
well, not from game to game
Use IE? HAH
but wave to wave
Use IE for stuff... thats a good one
Spademagnes[R]: dat is blasphemy
Out of curiosity
Will Steam ever actually mail me?
As in, physically?
and that
is why
on MvM
minecraft!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LOL im only one in paint chat
Not sure
Because I don't think they do, and yet they ask for address and so on.
Will they physically mail you.
What exactly did you do
Bronysith: Mind you, reviewing episodes of shows, does not mean you are a fan or follower of that show or its community... :S
IE pony is crying, she's trying as hard as she can ;__;
...
3 shotted the super heavy
You know what I mean.
I don't know, but they've mailed me and I've been using it for years.
900 dmg each
Iwa: but if he hated it, why bother reviewing it?
Malk: I plan on getting on PaintChat, as soon as Java finishes installing
They've mailed you?
You sure? Everyone was shooting him
T_T Gawd I love this song. I can just imagine me sitting at a porch as an old man with my mrs.
MelaPonie: make minecraft stop being an ass and let me find stuff..
Pardon me there's a word missing there.
<3 minecraft!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
And Im not even married lol
never*
Or was there supposed to be a never in there yeah I though so.
PillowPoni cool im gonna draw
Why is my TF2 failing to launch :(
Can't really have "Use and IE" in the same sentence... unless it's "IE is of no use" :3
Malk: Sweet
Because hl2.exe is notorioously bad about that.
That or it's updating.
Bronysith: Well, I personally think he started reviewing it due to being curious why others do enojy it
Polydunami: Or it's "Use IE to download [different browser of your choice]"
The fact my school computer has IE on it as its main browser angers me
Ah, there we go.
Just took awhile O_o
That, too :P
Dat zoom, Wrek
Preparing to launch.
So basically, unless you start screwing around with them, Steam isn't ever going to actually contact you besides the occasional e-mail.
Still preparing to launch.
Spademagnes[R]: my school lets us change it to chrome
FULL POWER!
I think they need the info in case there's an issue with your credit card, verification and such
I use IE when everything else breaks, and vice versa
I use FireFox
Indeed.
^
I mainly use Chrome
Google Chrome FTW
Aha.
chrome
kirz, what you playing on GW2?
Well it's a prepaid one, so whatever, shouldn't have an issue.
firefox!
SOMEONE GET THE MOOLAH!
I switch between Chrome and Firefox
Same
ohay otakon *hugs*
Chrome is where its at
firefox pissed me off with its constant updates
hiya PillowPoni
yeah
ohai otakon
otakon: How are you?
oh, Ranger
Iwa: and he just referenced luna in a non pony reviewing episode
Has yours crashed yet?
Oh yeah, I'm working on getting a copy of GW2.
PillowPoni: okay except for a tornado moving through the area
still doubt me Spademagnes[R] ?
hiya Michael
NO ONE PICKED UP THE MOOLAH!
otakon: Oh gosh that's not good
has a couple of times
i have to recognise that i'm only for Fallout music
Well...not really
Bronysith: Really? *burns hand wrap* Excellent...
I feel like a dick because I have no problems
I would like to try GW2, im a WoW man, but with the next expansion, i will no longer be one :D
Iwa: yup, we need more bronies like him lol
Mine's doing it like every hour. I think it's an issue with my graphic drivers but the ones it recommends me are in like, beta and don't install properly.
Michael: I prefer BFBC2 Vietnam music
I have a friend who once got hooked on WoW.
So what is better? Chrome or firefox?
Spademagnes[R]: Chrome
I'd go with Chrome
Bronysith: Like who?
chrome
Bronysith: Agreed... Maybe John Bain... Gna gna
Why is Java blocking the paintchat? It says that Chrome blocked it because it's out of date, and I JUST installed the recent version.
Stop wasting ammo
Isnt that an opiniated question?
Michael: Tru
They're both equal, IMO.
Iwa: what about yahtzee from zero punctuation?
As in, hardcore addiction.
oh wait he is
Now he plays LoL.
Meanwhile: is yahtzee of course
http://i.imgur.com/gkKjs.png
I played WoW for 5 years.
Oh man, i cant play LoL
More fallout music!
Meanwhile: What crap again?
Ive been playing WoW since Vanilla
Cba to continue with Mists.
Jonhy guitar
played WoW, not a fan of it any more
dat recharge
I would LOVE to kill Garrosh in the next expansion!! but..i just cant afford it, lol
AJIsAwesome: he means TF2
As it stands my Nord Warrior in GW2 is already fairly interesting, if a bit flimsy.
/me mauls Meanwhile with a badger
PillowPoni, you could try pinging phase, he's the current kindamod on paintchat, and has a fair amount of knowledge of code I think
hay everypony, i'm back
otakon: Ok.
warrior =/= tank
hey JappleAck
JappleAck: Hello!
:P
hai JappleAck
wb JappleAck
Hi JappleAck
Vivix: i clicked on the link he put in the chat
hai JappleAck
Nothing particularly seems to = tank at the moment.
hey JappleAck
I think the guardian may be the closest thing in the game, if you have a shield
I think
Nice save Wrek
I have a shield damnit.
Hey JappleAck
PillowPoni, how about the normal link? The signed is if your java is blocking permission of some kind-
GW2 seems to be avoiding typical class roles.
I think-
/me has no idea
Oh hey JappleAck :3
For example, the rather frightening lack of healers.
it's more "keep your own ass alive"
Yeah, it doesn't have any particular archetype.
i haven't been on Bronystate for week. :(
works fairly well so far though
O_O
Oh my
who is streaming
ran into one of the big area bosses earlier, about 5 levels too low, that was fun :)
love this song!
JappleAck: Wrek
otakon: have you seen the fiery jokers top ten video game endings?
Agreed, and tbh I have been spending most of my time with mobs that are out of my weight class.
This song again :D
Wait, never mind
/me mauls Bronysith with a badger
Vivix: Just tried the regular link on the Bronystate page. Still says that Java was blocked because it is out of date
Fuck you Java. Fuck you.
SuperBrony64: bla bla bla
PillowPoni: woudlnt that hurt?
Oughta join up
Does it have a decent story at least?
That was my other problem with MMOs.
/me flips a table
PillowPoni, try it in a different browser. Chrome ruined Paintchat to me randomly
/me puts table upright
Bronysith: Not really.
/me sits on table
It works in Chrome to me noow, with JRE7, but not before then
Vivix:I got in yaaaay
Vivix im using chrome and your in there
Story is apparently different based on some multi choice questions in character creation.
Liberai futera
Yeah, I'm using Chrome with JRE7
WHY
/me kicks table back over
O.o
yep
Well, personal story anyway.
That pic!
/me puts table in the incenerator
Whats the main purpose of GW?
NOTHING CAN STOP THE SCOOTS
Wrek: Stop wasting ammo that angers me
I always have issues finding the motivation in an MMO.
You gotta allow Java allways for the site so it will work
Like, what are you after?
liberi fatali, the opening song to final fantasy 8, so fucking epic
one sec, this'll take a minute
Especially when all the quests start becoming "Go here, kill this many of this mob, collect this many of this drop"
/me leaves table
Spademagnes[R] he can get it back easily, so keep ur pants on
/me glomps otakon with a table
lol heartaches by teh numbuhs
/me hums along
Tbh there aren't many /quests/. Most of the stuff is area specific.
No fluid integration of story and mechanics.
berrypunch, y u offline
Fithos Lusec Wecos Vinosec
/me waves to all of ponychat
Why is all this music playing the same tracks from Fallout?
Famicom: Hello!
She passed out. Too much punch.
/me waves to Famicom "hello"
If you are within a certain area for example you will be alerted to things occuring in it and encouraged to contribute.
tiem to party pinkie pie stylez http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-3eNjiFQxRVA/TqCngWWO_6I/AAAAAAAAPBk/qDk3M4hf_UA/s1600/73911%2B-%2Bcupcake%2Bcute%2Bdiabetes%2Bpinkie_pie.png
well, imma sleep. bubye everyone :)
ha yah Famicon
Spademagnes[R]: you do know these songs originated waaaaay before fallout right?
Guild Wars refers to a massive human war between ruling guilds, from just before the first game, and through the first game you were fulfilling the Flameseeker Prophecies (hence Prophecies for first campaign's name)
night BronyInstrumental
bye BronyInstrumental
/me waves goodbye to all chat
BronyInstrumental: Night!
Bronysith: Yea I know but thats where I heard these from
BronyInstrumental: Gnight
Ah, that's a bit better way of doing an MMO "world"
bai BronyInstrumental
Spademagnes[R]: okay, cause so many people i met that are like "that song is from fallout" no, the song is in fallout, NOT FROM FALLOUT
Am I the only one who doesn't like the Pony Rock?
2nd was a civil war in the asia-equivalent continent, 3rd expansion was african setting, preventing the old god of chaos from reincarnating and destroying everything
bye BronyInstrumental
i havent connected to iris in ages i am suprised it remembered my nick
AJIsAwesome: Pony Rock?
i hate party rock anthem AJIsAwesome
Also, other bad thing: lack of bros to quest with. Which I will not be in short supply of, with you two.
Bandits are poisoning resovoirs or there's a giant ice worm harassing a lodge or there're precious items in a cave that neeed recovering.
4th you ended up in teh frozen north fighting something, didn't really pl.ay it so I'm not sure
The "Party Rock" theme ponified.
AJIsAwesome: I feel they couldve done beter
are you talking about that ponified version of party rock anthem?
AJIsAwesome: Well i hate Party Rock... so i guess i do
AJIsAwesome: that party rock song is so fucking lame
that was horrible
Tbh I don't know jack about Guild Wars lore.
My school spammed that song to DEATH.
i like the orginial song
Next round!
i liked party rock :<
THe Party ROck song.
I see Meanwhile's of the power gamer variety.
Gnight everypony HF :)
but it did get old quick
well that was fun ^_^
Michael: Bye!
AJIsAwesome: i hate it cause that band thinks they are on par with led zeppelin if not succeding them. FUCKING SMUG ASS PRICKS
WoW lore I am very well versed in however.
kirzstryfe, voive BerryPunch ?
/me waves to berry
aww man i wanted to play with ya
Oh hi twilight
I am a washing machine pony
thx
Bronysith: Two totally different genres, cant compare the two
Bronysith: Wait they think that they're equals with Led Zeppelin?:D
In GW2, ancient elder dragons have just awakened, causing massive issues, and it's about the 5 races having to come together to stop them before they accomplish whatever it is they're trying to do
Yay!
And hello newvegas
fallout tiem
AJIsAwesome: yes, they say it in that fucking song
Oooh, NV
Bronysith: *sigh*
So a new game? or more exploring?
I don't even know WHAT you guys are talking about :S
I never devoted as much time to the original GW as I did to WoW, so I haven't had the same motivation to research.
but yeah, the game flow is done really well, haven't had to grind at all yet
Wrek: good game :)
Polydunami: Talking about Party ROck.
Polydunami: Nobody does
Major: biggest understatement of the day
Wrek thanks for teh game
*ROck*
Do it Wrek!
*Rock*
Wrek!
Stupid shift key.
Tyranasaurus Wrek!
Yeah, I don't even know what Party Rock is :S
Ah :o
Wait who the hell said they were on par with Led Zeplin?
Polydunami: Don't bother. You don't want to know.
pingpongpingityping
ELDER DRAGONS OF WRATH
Spademagnes[R]: They did.
If I have any complaints at the moment it's that there hasn't been much mention of the stats or what they actually do.
Polydunami: Party Rock Anthem? Its a pretty popular song
Who the hell do they think they are?
I have Loremaster in WoW, I love the story lines in games.
T~T Its so beautiful
the stat description is in the hero menu, Meanwhile
I've just been stacking power because it best translates to "Hit things harder"
just hover over them
/me loads up rhe X68000 version of Akamajou Dracula (Castlevania)
The more you know.
Contrast creating music, activate
RaveBrony: pre or post cata?
I was one of those kids who loved listening to this kind of music when I was very little.
I think I need to watch Brother Bear again, this brings some awesome memories: http://fav.me/d5cmvse
thanks for the game Wrek ~
hmm... time to go play sum metroid prime :)
BYE THAT CARD
Hm
BUY THAT CARD
ohh this place is alive
I wonder if some kind of hybrid class is viable.
Rob everything
Aw :(
my god konami's X68k music sounds amazing with GS midi
Define hybrid class.
Straight warriors or mages tend to get somewhat boring after a while.
...The hell's with her hat?
A class that focuses on more than one stat.
Is her hat..clipping?
probably
haven't delved too much into stats yet, still only L16
I don't know anyone who uses the word "hoser", Celes_Chere, and I live in Vancouver :P
Indeed, but the weapons range on each class is different and weapons define half of your ability bar.
For example, I'd like to do something more amusing than "dump into Strength, hit things repeatedly until they die"
i forgot that word existed
Polydunami: Disney is racist, thats why
lol
/me turns on his Pipboy
Polydunami: That´s because the word was made up for SCTV
*nods*
Oh yeah?
I love this song! <3
I do!
Oooh, very fitting x3
^^
Polydunami: Huh, didn't notice that one. I was mostly reffering to the mooses...moose...meese...whatever in the picture
gw2 talk ?
yep
ERMAGHERD WHY FIERY JOKER WHY?!
you start every vid with that awesome song
I always buy cards from merchants.... even though I'm TERRIBLE at Caravan
i'll sit down a pretend i know something about it :3
One of my other, many issues with MMOs.
and*
/me glomps derpy
Gameplay can get boring.
i just kill people and take their money
Hi everypony I'm back
I steal everything that isnt nailed down
I dont want to set world on fire... <3
this song is so fucking nostalgic
Even the nails
why am i being glomped? ; ~;
DerpyMuffins: Welcome back!
I dare you to play Macarthur Park by Richard Harris to this game xD
Disney! make it so...http://fav.me/d5cbdf5
i dont hunny
World vs World looks interesting but I have yet to have a look at it.
/me goes to play some Akamajou Dracula in full screen
I've heard WvW is good, but I didn't do much of it during beta
I know Jim did
ill be AFPC
Actually that would prolly be more Squeenix
i remember when this song first came out 1941 <3
Damn thats old
yes
WvW?
Spademagnes[R]: Even the tool you use to nail things to the floor, which is ironic because it isnt nailed down
Word vs. World?
it was hot stuff Spademagnes[R]
yeah
Celes_Chere: It's too cute D:
/me waiting
Bronysith: You're that old?
/me is sorting through way too much art right now...
So why is wrek dressed like a cowboy?
Because cowboys are sexy
most of the time when mmo's get boring, it's because you have to grind to level up
Spademagnes[R]: why arent you dressed like a cowboy?
which I haven't really seen so far
Note to self: http://fav.me/d5ch6e4
HoodyNinja: old what now?
Becasue Wrek is Wrek and he will do what he wants Spademagnes[R] :P
Nothing like the sound of gunfire in the soundtrack of a 60s metropolis area
Didnt Cass die last time he played this?
yes she did
Bronysith: You said you remembered when that song came out, 1941, making you 71 years old
I'm trying to find out if using melee weapons on spellcaster classes actually translate to melee abilities, but the wiki is (Still) down and everywhere else is rather lacking.
inb4 buttaze
HoodyNinja: if i was born that year of course
http://derpiboo.ru/images/83567 warning death may occur
I know there is a cattleprod in this game
HoodyNinja: but i wasnt born that year
and they're on the ball so far, downtime on the first day it was open for head start was maybe 6 hours, and that only came once people started waking up, which is to be expected
SHMAWZOW!
POP right in the mouth!
Spectrum_Rush: what are you talking about? it's just
otakon: Buttaze
/me looks at Derpy
Bronysith: So, you are under 71 years of age?
/me shaves otakon s beard
Wrek: Tyrannasaurus fidelis!
HNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
/me falls over dead
Awww
HoodyNinja: what? i rermember when the song first came out, and you think i am younger than that?
HoodyNinja: think about that for a moment
DAYUUMM!
brb gonna grab me some HeadPhones
bad thing is that all of the US servers were already showing high/full, with only 1 at medium capacity
/me hits otakon with chest paddles
HoodyNinja: if i was younger than that i would not remember it first coming out
/me has experienced cute overload, looks for mortal kombat stuff
so I really hope they're planning on opening a few more for launch
*GASP*
Bronysith: No im trying to... You know what, nvm
/me has been revived at half health
/me casts cure on otakon
/me *snapflash Revives otakon *snapflash
Anyone got a health potion?
otakon: i just cured you you bastard
Bronysith: oh
/me casts ultima on otakon
WAIT NO!
otakon: PUNISHMENT
/me casts reflect on himself
HA!
/me stops the rp by breaking the 4th wall
well, that didn't work out too well: http://fav.me/d5cfmas ...mlp everywhere :)
/me fixes the 4th wall with a band-aid
Bronysith: You fool! You've killed us all!
/me looks at the fourth wall, in pieces and walks away...
WOAH That's a lot of RP
Dammit Bronysith: Do you know how much it costs to fix that thing?
AJIsAwesome: Black ops has the greatest ending in video games...apparently
AJIsAwesome: we are all ready doomed
Bronysith: How?
Twiden and Flutterscorp? Oh my :O
/me fixes 4th wall, reinforces fifth
the first black ops?
AJIsAwesome: i dont know, BRIBERY
what's the ending?
CrimsonPhoenix: thats literally all you need to know
I enjoyes the Black Ops campaign
enjoyed*
and in what game was the nuke thing?
It was this moment that taught me to HATE Ceaser's Legion
I think that was BF3?
and to join the NCR just to SPITE THEM
not sure
I murdered the legion
black ops ending wasn't exactly a surprise, and the sp was really short
CrimsonPhoenix: cod4
...I'm starting to realize, in retrospect, that trying to make this Companion Cube papercraft was a really bad idea.
Yeah
I KILLED CAESAR , and left his legion in ashes
COD4 is arguably the best
So. Which Fallout? I'm clueless :S
Polydunami: F:NV
cause I think that nuke was really unexpected
CrimsonPhoenix: call of duty is just a horrible series
Polydunami: New Vegas
Oh yeah
Hmmm...I wonder if MondoPony's Loyalty song will really get played on the radio. It's past the time it was supposed to and it hasn't yet
?
I love the music in this game and FO 3 :)
Bronysith: Its not that bad
JESmith71: Radio?
Bronysith, It became horrible
KILL VUPLES
who's streaming? o 3o
as much as I hated the franchise even back then
also hai gaiz :3
BOOM HEADSHOT
I tried marrying hte ink spots music...
It's the SAME FORMULA. How is that original?
I can admit it was good for its time
Bronysith: Tru, but i still like it, they add new improvements and features every game
and it did set the WWII theme in the mainstream
Such an improvement
and made other companies grab a bite in the crowd
CoD is addicting though, plus its fun to hear people whine online
Call of duty is the bane of gaming
CoD was great back then but now it's a pile of cashcow
besides skyrim
Why's that?
Bronysith: Gun colors mean nothing, i wouldnt care if the m16 was pink
Chalk another one down for "Seemed like a good idea at the time!"
AJIsAwesome: There was a report on some pony forums that some Brony was trying to get his uncle to play Loyalty on their radio station. It was supposed to play at 6:45 and it hasn't happend yet
It's too complicated and I don't have the time to make it work properly.
HoodyNinja: I have to agree. I was addicted to CoD (unfortunately), but I stopped when they kept recycling things.
And there are no bloody instructions.
It seems I've been ignored
Bronysith, have you read anything I said?
Helpful.
Bronysith: I will admot COD isnt that much of a great series, but its entertaining enough for me
CrimsonPhoenix: I heard you. Just replying to another comment.
Yay~
CrimsonPhoenix: the last good CoD was WaW
Love this song too
I could agree on that
Bo2 is trying to make the series look less bad, they actually are changing some things
^
Why the hell is CoD so "popular" then?
Major: if you said you liked the songs from fallout, then this would apply to it
Kids :P
Magic
Luckily, the universe has screwed me over often enough that I always have a PLan B.
12 year olds is why
Spademagnes[R], it simulated WW2
*Plan B
Its for all consoles
Fallout 1 is an incredible game
Spademagnes[R]: Becuase it's supposed to be "cool" and "manly".
Reikim http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CndDXtyKSnE
YouTube: Companion Cube Papercraft By: R2akaThuNDaChiCkeN Views: 71275 Likes: 250 Dislikes: 24 - https://youtu.be/CndDXtyKSnE
HOW MUCH I COULD KILL STUFF
I COULD KILL EVERYTHING?!
so awesome
Bronysith: I dont LIKE the songs, I LOVE them
dat it is Bronysith
CoD looks so boring
I tried it once... never got into it
Spademagnes[R]: It is when you keep playing it.
Spademagnes[R], which one?
MW2?
Spectrum_Rush: i mean, killing anything i want WITH consequences
no wonder
Spademagnes[R]: You need to have your mind set on "this is going to be a great game" the you'll like it
COD Should have made another WW2 game, not the shitty future setting
weather is getting really bad here
Spectrum_Rush: you kill a kid and you are labeled a child killer
I think... 4... I forget
hey again everyone. Wrek still streaming?
Bronysith: and no essential characters that cant die, iirc
Spademagnes[R]: I tried playing it again a couplr weeks ago. Got bored and quit during the middle of the game and haven't touche dit since.
Major: they made enough ww2 game
Spectrum_Rush: and you can KILLA NNOYING BRATS
TheKatPony: eeyup
Spectrum_Rush: cause this was before butthurt soccer moms were in the equation
I might go offline because of this nasty weather all
otakon: tell wrek to stop thundering around outside then
What is Wrek doing?
So who is the actual good guys in New Vegas?
brb looking outside
Spademagnes[R]: no one
what the hell is he doing
...I just realized that the Ceaser's Legion all wear dresses.
Major: a world war 1 game would be boring
Plan B in this case being?
sit in trenches all day long
I'm back everypony.
slowly starving to death
Shoot, reload, shoot, reload
get sick
Draw an epic drawing of the TARDIS.
Hi HenHur
welcome back
take a shit
dig trench
Major: They could do a WWI game, a Korea game, or another Vietnam game
I'll be back later; gonna take a nap -_-
Bronysith: shitting your pants in feear
VenHur: Welcome back!
dig trench
DIE OF DYSENTERY
VenHur
I'm going to keep the radio station's live stream open for a while to see if they are playing loyalty
If CoD does the same shit all the time, why the fuck does it keep selling?
Well ok then.
Spademagnes[R]: idiots keep buying it
Spademagnes[R]: Cause ppl are stupid
Spademagnes[R]: false gamers
12 year olds
Spademagnes[R], ask the same for fighting games
what Spectrum_Rush said
Hey at least fighting games are interesting
Major: well COD will die soon
CoD has no variations at all in its formula
then Battlefield will come out on top
I want finishers in Street Fighter... :s
Well the future seems to be in right now
Spademagnes[R]: CoD and Halo are for babys, Mario, Zelda, Kirby, (etc) are for REAL MENS.
Kirby
^^
I sort of find halo interesting
So Nintendo are for men?
Bronysith: but its actually really good every year
Though Dishonored is coming out soon
Kirby is TERRIFYING
I get into it alot more than CoD ever did for me
maybe Steampunk will catch in
maybe...
Kirby is a black hole with feet
CrimsonPhoenix: I really hope.
Bronysith: I guess the FP5 generation is dying
CrimsonPhoenix: I like Steam-Punk :3
FPS*
I LOVE Steampunk.
Yeah, i'm a Nintendo fan, but I played others.
Im drawing rainbow dash http://www.bronystate.net/paintchat/signed.html
Steampunk fuck yeah
I would love is Steampunk gets popular
I really hope that guy who left the posts wasn't trolling MondoPony and Equestria Forums about playing it on the radio though
Bronysith: <3 TF2
Time to play some Mario Kart 7
I like Steampunk :3
JESmith71, what
steampunk is interesting
i am collecting information on the known troll "incog" if you have anything, please message me
TF2 is fun :3
No one plays Twisted Metal anymore :(
I <3 final fantasy 6 and 7s settings
I would love to meet the guy who created Steampunk
OK WHO MENTIONED STEAMPUNK?
goan download something
and play
Spectrum_Rush: CrimsonPhoenix.
gimmie a moment please
Spectrum_Rush, I admit I did
problem?
/me gives wrek a moment
Why is FF6 3 in japan?
I hate steampunk.
Wrek No colors?
Spademagnes[R], what did you just say?
you do??? -_-
CrimsonPhoenix: you do not understand I FUCKIN LOVE STEAMPUNK
Wrek: can you tell us a story while we wait? :3
Spectrum_Rush, of course you do
WHO CARES IF SOMEONE HATES STEAMPUNK?!
Wasnt Final fantasy 6 labeled 3 in japan or something?
what's not to like about Steampunk
DerpyMuffins: He's naked
/me brings out the airguitar to the awesome song.
/me rocks out with her air lute
Otherway around, I think
Spademagnes[R], oposite
Spademagnes[R]: on the SNES it is 3
oh my god this music
STEAMPUNK IS AWESOME!
/me gives Celes_Chere a (\
Bronysith, what
Steampunk is too steamy.
CrimsonPhoenix: A guy named souljabri557 told MondoPony that he has a uncle who has a radio station and he would try to get a Brony song (Loyalty) on the air. He said it would have played at 6:45 PM EST tonight, and it hasn't yet.
oh
hahahahahahahahaha
Vordox: /)
says the pyro
Very funny .-.
steamboy was a good movie
what to do? what to do..
^
what channel?
Wrek: Steamballs, everywhere.
time to check tumblr
also it's MANdopony
not Mondopony
mandows
Meanwhile, are you playing gw2 right now?
I am not.
Anyone know how much drawing pads are?
Does anyone her like Fallout Boy?
Say, uhm...is there anyplace I can see a full playlist of the music Wrek uses in his streams? :3
A lot ^^
pyrocatboy: no
not me
no
But I can be rather quickly, why?
Iwa: my megametalist is available on spotify
which server are you on?
Urrrrrm...hang on.
Oh sorry for the misspelling. It was supposed to play on WWMR 93.3 FM
Wrek: Oh goody! Thank you x3
if you have spotify isntalled already jsut PM me and ill give you the URL
to the playlist
Fissure of Woe.
i must set all the false gamers on FIRE! HELLFIRE!
you do that.
DARK FIRE
Oooh! Just in time for Violet! As she's leaving most likely...
/me glomps Jaketehsnake
Jaketehsnake: hey brother, whats going on?
But insted of eating PIE!
Wrek: I don't have Spotify, though downloading it as we speak/type...do you HAVE to log in with facebook? xP
thanks for the stream Wrek
you should add me, kirzstryfe.2194
Noy much. Not much at all. Last day till Summer Vacation is over. Screwing around.
Iwa: no
So many pings
otakon: still technically a stream
facebook login is optional
/me sets a tomberry next to otakon
There are multiple kirzstryfes?
Yep, thanks for streaming
probably not, but that's just how they assign it
otakon: hope you havent killed anyone or anything
name you pick plus a 4 digit number
lets see if this wants to work on first try
Aye, mine's Meanwhile.91something something.
/me mauls Bronysith with a badger
http://youtu.be/n-yISs9nZFY
Wrek: Well, they are forcing me to get one, so...Yeah, that's a no-go :(
Iwa: what? they started forcing that? strange :|
CrimsonPhoenix: dat link during stream
What?
I don't log in with facebook
there's a stream?
And I have premium
there is?
Well, at least for making the account for spotify in the first place :S
Wrek
My account predates their affiliation with Facebook-
see
Iwa: you must be missing something casue i dont log in with FB either
I sent you a whisper, or at least what my game has interpreted as you anyway.
dat Doom
And then Doom
yep
try registering via Spotify's site, and loging in with that account
yay doom! \o/
oh there we go
They should replace every FINAL BOSS THEME with either one winged angel or dancing mad, CAUSE THEY ROCK
DOOM!
Wrek: Could be... Though they do say I need an account to register for it
I'M GONNA SING THE DOOM SONG NOW
i dunno
Spectrum_Rush: DAT REFERENCE
Somepony needs to go back and remake doom with PONIES
Doom O_O
StinkomanFan: why do you want to kill ponies?
Dem selection sounds
Doom!
This seems interesting :P
No, the ponies are the WEAPONS
Major: ...
I'll shush now, so nopony has to suffer my relentless Pinging xD
there making a new doom -_(\
Major: this game revolutionized the fps genre
oh this should be good :D
Iwa, you could try registering via www.spotify.com ? I do not get facebook required there
Major: not to mention the doom guy is THE FIRST SPACE MARINE
but spotify is country specific, so- you might get one
AJIsAwesome: oh god no more duke nukem
Nice game.
I AM BORED OUT OF MY MIND!
^^
DOOM DOOM DOOMY DOOM DOOMDEDOOOM ;D
Oh, and hello everypony. :)
Bronysith: dont really care for Space Marines
Hello Sabershy
Sabershy: Hello!
Sabershy: Hai :)
Diana is so OP, riot nerf her plz
hey Sabershy, im bored too lol
hai Sabershy
Vivix: Then I'll just blame the dutch spotify site...Damn you dutch internet people :(
Ello Sabershy :P
Hey Sabershy :3
Major: not to mention the Doom guy kills hell
he KILLS hell
Woopie doo...
Best graphics EVAH!
NEDM
/me adds Major to false gamer list
Oh wait, this is the DOOM mod...Ohhh HELL YEAH!
I see you've been playing with the Brazilians.
/me head bangs
anyway bout that song ya linked CrimsonPhoenix saw that this morn and then realized a few hours had passed
otakon: is DOOM not revolutionary?
Huehuehue.
/me shakes fist at said internet people alongsidfe Iwa
enope
They all play Mordekaiser.
jajaja
nah i play bots most of the tiem
Like Duke Nukem once saided: "It's time to kick [squee] and chew bubblegum."
AWWWW YEAAA
and mine is frozen
this music is annoying
and yes they all play mordekaiser or singed
Bronysith: A Gamer is a Gamer no matter what
8 bit music FTW
this music is awesome
Major: not really
the music is playing but the picture is fozen
huehuehue mord OP, top jajaja
sagas: ...Wat?
A gamer is a person who wants to call himselfa gamer
I play a ton of games, but I am not a gamer
VenHur: the games music is annoying
oh hell yeah~ BRUTAL DOOM!
Vivix, the same could be said for Bronies
yeah
Shamroc: /)
What secret boss was that were you had to kill a human head?
After a certain tier it's all Brazilians.
AJIsAwesome, secret boss?
AJIsAwesome: John Romero
in Doom 2
Inside Doom2 final boss, the sprite is one of the yeah Romero's head
hiya everypony, how ya'll doin' ?
if you mean the final boss in Doom 2 it's not a secret boss
Well mind you, this music is AWESOME. Despite the loops!
BroHoof: Hello!
hey thar BroHoof
i like xin zhao
BroHoof: /)
His head is an easter egg, but yeah the boss is not secret
hai BroHoof
Oh John Romero.
Sorry.
http://hejibits.com/comics/2010-10-18-on-fps-fanbases.png >_>
Hi BroHoof.
Its funny to think that Id's first game without him, Rage, did so poorly.
But can you pronounce him?
Well.. first game that did not have his legacy SOME WHERE
yeah-
the real question is will it blend ?
Freefall29: hello brother
sup everypony
Freefall29: Major is right over there... KICK HIS ASS
doom is the best game ever made. fact
Freefall29: Hello!
I was really excited due to Rage's graphics, but when it came out- it was like all the graphics was in a glass box I could not reach (distant walls and stuff) and the game just didn't look fun- so I never bought it
Hey Freefall29
hey Freefall29
Hey Freefall29
Freefall29 is a DOOM nut
hai Freefall29
Oh my god, I fucking LOVE carrots
now this is a stream I can enjoy
you're playing brutal doom. awesome
awesome
Yes
Hello everypony! I'm back.
Way back when I was..15 me nad my friends created a joke band set out to play covers of the Doom music
team fliping ninja
We failed pretty bad
Good night :)
Welcome back
MaxTheBrony: Night!
MaxTheBrony: night lad :P
*ponder* Why do the badguys dieing sound like camels? :o
goddammit
Night MaxTheBrony
I always felt se claustrophic when i played this game, never understood why
Rex_Mundi: hiya, and welcome back
these stupid thunderstorms keep disrupting my wifi
Night, MaxTheBrony
Major: you like doom?
ive been so incredibly sick since last thusrday
Med kits also fixed cracked visors.
Freefall29: Ive heard its good and I do wish I had the console to play it
looooll
otakon1: Maybe it's a sign to GTFO your internet if there's tornadoes roaming....?
WOO! Getting a new computer in about a week!
gnight MaxTheBrony
DAT BRONYSTATE SAVE
Night MaxTheBrony
PillowPoni: and do what? sit in the dark and wait for it? we're outside it's range anyway
Ponies47: Aww yeah
Major: you do realize it is a pc game right?
Ponies47: congratz! o.o
A save just for us :3
Wrek: what mod is this? it looks awesome
otakon: brutal doom i think
Major: you do know this is a pc (dos) game. right?
Doom was also released on nintendo console
Has someone made a pony mod for doom?
Probably ^^
Brutal Doom huh?
Freefall29: well then Im just too lazy to download it :P
looks good actually
Bronysith, isn't there a N64 port of Doom?
Major: the first episode is free
yes,
otakon: No but bad weather tends to screw with electronics and the such. Plus, you might be out the tornado's range but weather be a tricky mistress
and a crappy GBA port?
Damn wrek
hey Ponies47, u got steam?
my god Wrek
Vivix: I looked it up at Wikipedia, but I think they removed the blood from the game.
TheKatPony: Right
BroHoof: eeeyup :3
Freefall29: eh still
Major: its like 10 bucks off steam
Is @Wrek still the streamer?
Yes
Rex_Mundi: Yes.
Rex_Mundi: eeyup
Freefall29: Well I dont have 10 bucks
Ponies47: TELL ME :3
what sound mod is this?
VenHur, yeah it was a very mild version of doom
BroHoof: My Steam name is "Ponies47" I should be the only one.
Dat gun
minigun!
oh shit
Oh... @Wrek, I checked, MIT is in Boston, northern Boston.
XD
LOL
doom is the reason why fps are popular
heh
HA!
LMFAO
A "Fuck you"
Ponies47: alrighty my name is vinyl scratch but typed in a very weird way you'll know it when u get the request :3
lol
button
That is how you kill a man :D
This Doom or Duke Nukem?
Every game needs a Fuck You button
without doom. there be no halo, no half-life, no duke nukem, not even call of duty
BroHoof: Okie doki loki :3
Its like a mix of both really.
Mostly doom though
Ponies47: :0
Wolhenstein
Ponies47: :)*
nope.avi
I really do hate it when my inventory fills up >.>
FUK YOSELF
You ponies ever see Linkaras review for the Doom comic book? Its epic.
half-life was made via Quake
lol
Quake was made after Doom
Quake is meh
it is
but it is what half life engine was based on, and maybe spawned it
doom inspired half-life. even gabe newell said he wanted half-life to scare you like doom did
Speaking of Steam. I changed my Avatar on Steam today :P
thats good ^^
Doom was great-
Vivix: was?
It was the first FPS game I played after wolfenstein
WAS?
For the love of celestia
YES
WAS?!
Well, it still is fun, but was as in past
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAS?!
Tell me about it.
doom is better then modern warefare 3
Was = everything made in the past, so yes WAS
Freefall29: No shit
Freefall29: no shit sherlock
yes doom is way better than MW3
/me gives Freefall29 a cookie in his geniusness
COMPARING DOOM TO MW3 Is like comparing a steak to a piece of shit
Freefall29: pft, every game is better than MW3
everything is better thab mw3..except the XBOX live indie games
Major: idk, have you played skyrim?
more like comparing two unrelated franchises with different goals
The indie games are awesome dafuq r u talking about
Bronysith: eh, more or less
Ponies47: hold on i gotta put in my portal code so it can make the friend adding feature available for me...gosh i hate steam -_-
Oh man,this is so much like the movie adaptation!:P
AJIsAwesome: Yes, even journey
Major: skyrim is the worst game of 2011 aloong with battlefield 3 and mw3
DAMN WREK
Dr NO
Rex_Mundi: -________-
fuck yoself
dat taunt
BroHoof: I hate in when that happens -_-
Rex_Mundi, what?
That's the best XD
movie adaptation?
Doom movie
AJIsAwesome: Its ok journey is still good
Ponies47: yea but what can u do :/
hehehe--ehh
BroHoof: IKR?
damn that was insane
Bronysith: they say third times the charm, in this case it seems like shit
and NO IT DOES NTO STAND FOR BIO FORCE GUN
dat text
Major: yea, skyrim is horrible
brb
Spectrum_Rush: don't talk about that movie
Spectrum_Rush: BIG F***ING GUN
CrimsonPhoenix: We all say things we dont mean
Bronysith: Along with MW3 and BF3
THE BIG FUCKING GUN 9000 <3
Skyrim is awesome DAMMIT
otakon: good man good man
otakon: Dont you agree? The Rocks performance as the space marine is so true to the franchise!6_9
Major: but skyrim is the same as those 2 because it is bullshit
Rex_Mundi: The Rock wasn't the Space Marine
i see
Skyrim is alright ^^
it was the other guy
Major: just shat in a box and called it a game
Major: were you dissing doom earlier?
brb
Skyrim is good
Ponies47:now this is a fck my life moment where i have to find the god damn disc -_-
Doom movie was horrible
cachi01|mobile: was good for 5 hours
ok i'll rephrase it. "COD is more popular than it should be
Back
CrimsonPhoenix: NO SHIT
otakon: he wasnt?
Yes it is ^^
Let's face it, the BFG9000. Must I say, BEST WEAPON EVER?!
BroHoof: FFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU! :[
Bronysith, calm your jimmies dude
CrimsonPhoenix: NEVER
Ponies47: EXACTLY!!!!!!
/me jimmies are on fire
But who cares? We keep raging but we.all buy the next cod game lol
First world problems?
Freefall29: all I said was this should be interesting
cachi01|mobile: i dont cause i am not a tool bag
cachi01|mobile, I dont
I play MW1 from time to time, I don't really care
Freefall29: I dont see how that is hating DOOm
Major: wiht a sarcasm face
*DOOM
I preffer artistic game myself
I liek zombies and playing with my friends
/me throws water on Bronysith
So i will lol
What's this mod called again, my little brother's interested
Major: you said it with :P which means sarcasm
speaking of which I should get SotC sometimes
CrimsonPhoenix: You play echochrome?
such a great game
along with Ico with that bundle
Don't twist other peoples word Bronysith
JappleAck: understatement of the decade
Bronysith: Since when?
CrimsonPhoenix: amazons got it
StinkomanFan: Brutal DOOM.
Is The Last Guardian ever going to have a release date?
chat derp?
Spectrum_Rush, I know
brutal doom, prove how much of a sadistic bastard you are.
Thanks VenHur :)
SuperBrony64: mooooooo
Major: lets see, derpy face, her ridicioulous voice sounding sorta retarded, "THIS SHOULD BE INTERESTING HURR DURR"
Major: sounds kind of sarcastic and mocking
who's streaming? o 3o
Bronysith: now your just being silly
Wrek
StinkomanFan: Not a problem.
Derpy_Hooves: Wrek.
Major: *you're
kewl :3
Major: you're
lol
Bronysith If he had intended that, wouldn't he have said that? Don't try to start an argument where there is none
"Fuck yourself!" Door opens
I love that.
like Bastion
Dat Naration
CrimsonPhoenix: Oh i ee
also dat OST
Soooo... when does cyborg Hitler show up?
see*
Bronysith: yes listen to the wise Vivix
The narrator from bastion tried narrating doom CrimsonPhoenix ...he was murdered by doom guy
doom guy > master chief
3doom?
and I love Dust because of how visual it is
Freefall29: no shit
what mod is this for?
the environment the fluid animation
You know, this mod makes DOOM more like Duke Nukem-y, not that i'm complaning or starting a riot.
Freefall29: dern tootin'
the flashy attacks
Major: you do too, considering you have no idea how to spell
Deadlight was cool
it's easy yeah but damn me if it ain't satisfying
VenHur: not even duke nukem had this much blood and gore. only the kick is from duke nukem
Bronysith: I never started this fight, you did
Major: not really
is this a duke nukem mod?
Wow, even by today's standards this game is violent as fuck
This mod is awesome
ep1, m9 time
Bronysith, Major just stop right now
Ponies47: there found it thank god now to enter 25 numbers and/or letters to freakin steam
yep ^^
he missed the secret exit
CrimsonPhoenix: of course
doom is best played while listening to heavy metal
i miss my ps1 :(
I like Duke Nukem Forever more than then 3D. Yeah, I SAID IT.
Freefall29: dat backseat gaming
Bronysith you egg on everyone to make yourself into some kinda "ultra true gamer", actually actively going after those who don't agree to start a bitchfight, how are you not starting the fight?
CrimsonPhoenix: Ive tried to stop this but he just keeps bouncing back
BroHoof: Good ^^
Bronysith: Yeahh it did
I like most of the games you like, but I really disagree with this "false gamer" bullshit you've been spouting the past two days
oh, you get allies in this game?
Bronysith: my dad and i always played FF, then 10 cam out and we lost faith
Bronysith: have you tried 12 yet?
otakon: i dont want to
I honestly like 12
Bronysith: try it
they don't make fps' like they use to anymore
otakon: i am currently playing 8 to base my opinoins on my own
its all regenerating health and cover based shooting
/me has never played a FF game :'(
WUT??
^^
otakon: all i heard is "IT sucks" or "its awesome" never in between
FPS has --changed
I think the minigun is my favorite weapon here so far
RaveBrony: GO DOWNLOAD FF6 NOW
what ota said
RaveBrony: NOW DAMMIT NOW
._.
tbh the term "gamer" sounds funny to me.. the point of games is to have fun, not to play games for the sake of it
RaveBrony: GET ON WITH IT
Isnt it Ironic that something called "Final phantasy" has more than 1 installment?
RaveBrony: PLAY IT!!!!
o_o
/me has never played any FF game or Chrono Trigger
RaveBrony: it is the best final fantasy next to 7
AJIsAwesome: ...
I shall!!
well originally final fantasy was meant to be the last game the developer made
I haven't played it either
but it sold so well they just kept it up
twilight_sprinkle: Some ppl take it as a way of life and make money off it though
/me runs off to find some downloads
AJIsAwesome: ...
twilight_sprinkle, do you call yourself a Brony?
do it nao for great justice
/me doesnt really see the problem with not playing FF :/
Ponies47: and yet another fck my life moment duplicated code -_-
I don't call myself a gamer, despite my gaming history
Major: what is this... I don't even...
Major: play final fantasy 6 or 7, and you will see
I love this doom track.
Freefall29: its life, get used to it
almost as good as m1h1
CrimsonPhoenix: bronies are a community, gamers arent, theres too much controversy among them
Major: It's
^
BroHoof: Well that sucks :|
twilgiht_sprinkle THANK YOU.
FF6 is probably one of the best JRPG's out there
cool song here
twilight_sprinkle: There controversy among bronies?! WHTA
Ponies47: yea just hope the cd works for now
I don't mind people saying "I like calling myself a gamer" but I don't like it when they start telling others "I am a real gamer, you are not"
otakon: Oh thank god :)
BroHoof: It better
Blammo, the Shoot Gun!
Vivix: but some people are not real gamers
Ponies47: yea
holy shit this looks insane
twilight_sprinkle: cloppers?
Freefall29, not true, some poeple just like different games
tbh the term "Brony" sounds funny to me.. the point of MLP is to enjoy a well made show, not to watch ponies for the sake of it
goddammit now I have the urge to play Doom again
Vivix: Yeah that's what I don't like.
What mod is this anyway? Duke Nukem 3d?
Bronysith: cloppers, furries, shipping, best pony, and plenty other stuff
Bronysith: I dont thnk cloppers are a controversy, just a problem that needs to be corrected
twilight_sprinkle: okay
TheMaster: doom
TheMaster: Nope, it's Brutal DOOM
I can call myself a brony because- it specificly means I enjoy the show, it's not "I am an animation nerd general that may include any or all of the above"
brutal doom, takes doom and triples the blood and gore
Brutal Doom? I must aquire this then
Freefall29: megusta?
always been a fan of doom related things. Doom 3 is one of my favorite fps' actually
Cloppers aren't a problem unless they force anything
Bronysith: True, but i just dont understand it that much
and we don't
TheMaster: you can get it off steam for like... 10 bucks
Freefall29: no really? I didnt notice
Brony is as much of a label as Gamer is
RULE 34 is why we can't have nice things
It is
^^
Major: Themaster mixed up this game for duke nukem 3d... I corrected him
JappleAck: but r34 gives us nice things
Rule 34 is made for nice things
This pack of carrots is almost gone.
o_o
Freefall29: ah sorry
Bronysith: LOL
R34 is a simple fantasy
rule 34 ruined many things
R34 is optional for those who want it
R34 is a nice thing....
I like to think of "Brony" as being a combination of "Brother" and "pony", rather than "bro", specificly because when i hear "Bro" I think of those insipid type of people you see in college. The ones that just drink and party, y'know, "bros". Dont my fellow "brother ponies" here agree?
cachi01|mobile: /)
(\
ARE VIDEO GAMES ART?
http://derpy.me/0564C
age old question
yes they can be Bronysith
Bronysith: Some of them
All creative excesses are art
Bronysith: id say they can be
Yes they are
Some
they can be
Bronysith, I would say yes to that
Like limbo
^
^^
or Journey
Limbo was epic
Rex_Mundi, I can agree to that
And the unfinished swan
just what i was thinking
Major: *is
or Shadow of the Colossue
this guy really knows doom well.
otakon: that game is awesome
since VideoGames are things that needs to be created
I really really liked Dear Esther, and that is all art and no gameplay
Freefall29: it's Wrek
who is streaming
from an imaginative mind
ALL THE BLOOD!!
but
Wrek is streaming
oh
if you can create worlds in games, hows it different from painting or architecture, those are considered arts
Yeah, all creative outlets are in some form art
I LOVE the reload animation
rather a game is good art or not is arguable
holy shit this game is bloody
I tip my hat to Wrek. Bravo Wrek! <3
Bronysith: I like Limbo but I got bored of it after a while
R34 is awesome for those that like it, and shouldnt be forced on people who dont.
what twilight_sprinkle said
cachi01|mobile: HUZZAH! THE BLOOD HAS BEEN TRIPLED!
Rex_Mundi, I also agree to that! High five
Rex_Mundi: well said too
lol
Rex_Mundi: amen lad
What doom is this?
Rex_Mundi, same goes for MLP
cachi01|mobile: doom 1
cachi01|mobile: First.
Rex_Mundi: Thank you.
Brb downloading lol
only reason this looks fancy is because its a source port
CrimsonPhoenix, yeah, forcing it makes people dislike it-
^^^^
So much this
and we actually have someone that can vouch on that
right Ponies47?
Hehehe
I have noticed that. If you force ponys on to people, it usually causes them to hate it even more.
Even though most of the stuff on EQAD is not well drawn.
gatling guns <3
or minguns
whatever
can't send mail to self, what kind of bs is that >.<
EQAD has some good stuff
EQAD?
adult version of EQD
run by other people
After dark
actually run by a nonclopper- for some reason
theres a adult version? is it just a r34 site?
they are going to sell you a minion who take it to the store :p
Not following your favorite r34 artist?
I heard that 1 of the guys is on both EQD and EQAD
Welp, Im gonna hit the sack, night all
yeah, pretty much, fanfic and pictures
CrimsonPhoenix: Hehehehe :$
man those pinkies (pie) sure are cool
Night major!
Night Major. Sleep well.
Major: Night!
night Major
Vivix and games
And animations
Oh yeah
Night Major
Night Major! Sleep well!
Anything of interest to cloppers
just came. Is this game DOOM?
modded doom
Yep
what mods?
Modded?
yeah pretty much
What mods?
BrutalDoom or something
SOO MUCH RED
Azura_2ndClassNoob: its not called doom. it's called the greatest game ever made.
i think i see custom death animations...
i want
My god....
Mod is like an extra gamemode for something
Vivix: well gentlemen clubs are usually run by women...
BLOOD FOR.THE BLOOD GOD
Bronysith, truue
theres an r34 EQD? lol
I think Alex..said he only wanted to archive it, and had no interest in it himself
so much dedication
nNICE
Anyone remember the #1 game from yesterday was?
Alexstrasza is the EQaD guy , right?
My dad is at home BRB
Vivix: He actually is a clopper, just not a hardcore one, he likes plot. I checked that site out once, most of the stuff made me sick.
Aah
Rex_Mundi: cloppers have plot?
Chat derped.
I thought the FAQ said he only had archive interest
AJ: it was Portal
Yeah, im not a fan of pony porn.
TheKatPony: Thank you
if clopper stuff makes you sick, you have no idea of what else lurks on the internet.
AJIsAwesome, Portal
the internet is a very scary place
not for the faint of heart
I totally support anything that isn't harmful
I once saw a doom mod where instead of space marine. we got apple jack.
Very scary.
pony pr0n = softcore
well. Not actively support
wait, there's pony mods for this game?
TheKatPony: Me neither. I
actually nvm, not surprised
pony porn is pretty softcore, most of it
idc what kind it is
Zephyr: yeah. but because the game is old. interest in making a pony mod is little compared to modern games like tf2
if theres ever an outbreak of monsters i know which weapon to acquire
and thats a shotgun
i saw one hardcore pony r34 <.< cannot unsee
I saw a doom mod where you are gumshoe and you kill various stuff like some touhou moe shit captain falcon a racing car
i dont like porn <_< >_>
Maybe we're getting a little off course, guys.....
yeah
you dont say?
Most of the stuff there not that well drawn. Hardcore is gross
AJIsAwesome: What course should we be on
/me rolls eyes
/me changes channel
Bronysith: Then explain all the NSFW that you posted in Dashiesauce? -_-
and you had weapons like Phoenix's finger, gundam hand and other ridiculous stuff like that
LOBSTAH
more discussions on doom
mmmm lobster...
Ponies47: well im stuck here can u add me?
Ponies47: liarjack face
Hiyo guys
/me high5's Ponies47
Ponies47: i have a liarjack face, holy shit you are so fucking slowpoke.jpg
hello WalkerPony89
BroHoof: PM me your name
Well, guys. I'm off. Bye!
Like how doom is the best video game ever made
WalkerPony89: Hello!
Ponies47: arent you a bit young to be in dashiesauce :|
bye Vivix
later Vivix!
Vivix: Bye!
/me waves and hugs all
Spectrum_Rush: They don't give a buck
Cya Vivix
hey everyone, im guessing Wrek is streaming?
Social obligations fulfilled for the day.
How about that local sports team?
lol
Darkts3|Trader|MLG2: Yes.
screw local sports team, Roger Federer woooooo!
Wrek: how long have you played DOOM for?
I am fully prepared for tomorrow's events.
Bronysith: Twas a joke. And besides my comptuer is junk so it lags alot
sicne the age of 3
AJIsAwesome: What about them? My local football team is gonna REALLY suck this year
Wrek: =/
Wrek: you're a god
WalkerPony89: Just making small talk.
Wrek: I find that hard to believe
WalkerPony89: What team is that
its going to be hard for the w-man to play doom if you keep pinging him
I believe you, Wrek lol
WalkerPony89: youve obviously had a sheltered life then
ok lets stop pinging him
lol yeah
Spectrum_Rush: Why do you say that?
I have to start a new job tomorrow, business attire, and I'm hoping it all goes well
Alien Invasion: Aquire Shotgun
Sounds like a real job for real.
yeah, 40h/week
WalkerPony89: i could put my dad on to tell you its the truth
sadly its 2am and he's asleep
that would be a bad idea
must buy ultimate doom
achieve life
waking up your dad at 2 am
that would be funny lol
WalkerPony89: well aside from the finesse wrek show s while playing doom, its all about the parents as Wrek just stated
is he playing with jump?
but, for one month I'll basically make what I made in the last 2 1/2-3 months
Zephyr: what is this...jump you speak of?
otakon: if i did that i wouldnt be here right now
i'm supposed to be doing homework....
jump?
^
Spectrum_Rush: I'm just now seeing Wrek play Doom, so you gotta forgive me for that
haha guess not then
I should be doing homework too...
Which Doom is this anyway?
first
1
some source ports allow you to jump. but its better not to jump
the first one
ultimate doom.
Cools tuff.
as soem of the guys here know
yeah i was wondering cause this port (ZDoom) allows jump, but it really cheapens some of the puzzles
*cool stuff
i beat all of the DOOM on ultraviolence without strafing
A modded version or...? Because I've played the 1st Doom, and this looks WAY different
so yes ive played this alot
:|
Wrek: what about nightmare mode?
Wrek: Alone?! :O
damn Wrek
/me bows before Wrek
oh god
nightmare is physically impossible beyond doom 1
play Plutonia's secret levels
if you want a challenge
Boo
is anyone streaming?
going to be like going back to school, next 11 weeks are all training >.<
Wrek is ^^
rockytoppie85: Yup. Wrek is streaming Doom
/me does the I am now worthy bow before wrek
not
What kind of job is it?
?
he's playing some obscure game from the 90s with crappy graphics
okay i guess i have to refresh
Why am I hearing pings and yet am not being pinged?
tech support in a call center
hi
me shoots Zephyr
Zephyr: Doom is far from obscure, my friend
Its on the stream
/me shoots Zephyr
Zephyr: Uhh there were no bad graphics back then
hi
(that's the joke) =/
So you're not being pinged, Wrek is.
/me puts a hand tenderly around Zephyr s trachea
Hey LoGaN
Tech support?
Zephyr: graphics are for noobs
/me shakes Zephyr wildly
CAN BRONYSTATE COUNT TO 10?
hello LoGaN
hai LoGaN
Zephyr: YOU DONT PLAY A GAME FOR GRAPHICS
Zephyr: thats what movies are for
TheKatPony: Ah, thanks
and MGS4
i do
try to walk people through how to work their phones or fix problems
you play it for enjoyment
I play games for gameplay.
/me plays for bewbs
Oh
but seriously, love this game. Still go back to it regularly.
Bronysith, that I guess may depend
Not so much as graphics
I can admit the graphics are outdated but they arn't crappy, they were fantastic for 1993
1, 2, 3.................10.
That sounds like it could be alternatingly really fun or really frustrating.
ooo Doom haven't played this in years...
xD
both most likely
1, 2, 4, 7, 10.
Yay i did it.
E, 4, !, 10
The narrator from bastion attempted to narrate in doom...he was then gutted by the doom guy
doom guy made satan his bitch
I already have some experience with how hard headed people can be over the phone, and how to talk them down from being pissed off
lol
Freefall29: after all, doom guy is best dominatrix
i love the doom guy
Dem secrets
/me hums to game music
i am now picturing doom guy in a maid outfit...
^^
and he is now standing right behind me
aaaand hes got a gun
What would happen if Doom guy and Marathon guy got into a fight?
/me is violently murdered by the doom guy
DeadpoolDash: doom guy wins
Bronysith: Run.
oooohhh shit
Too late
/me regenerates
/me has tea with the doom guy
quake 1 guy vs doom guy
/me is murdered again by the doom guy
that was painful
Its amusing to just picture what the doomguy looks like running past at 400km/h. Sideways. While shooting an RPG.
Bronysith: ya alright?
My face when I forgot I had eggs boiling on the stove
/me pokes Bronysith with a stick
TheKatPony: yea, after he murdered me we had a nice cup of tea
He's gonna be alright
Bronysith: That's nice :)
Well ill tell ya, that doom guy sure loves to murder things
I'll tell you what, that doom guy sure loves to murder things
dat repost
lol
yo
O_\O
KILL THE REPOST
Jesus, Wrek. How can you see with all that blood covering the screen?
O_(o) I say fine chap
I can see o.o
GOOD LORD
Oh, I say!
GEEEEEEZE
jeez, what do they do to clean up all these bodies?
CORNER RAPE
Jesus
god damn
raped by pinkies
twilight_sprinkle: wasup?
Someone need a pony with him
Nice
Bronysith: trying to do physics homework thats due tomorrow and our goddamn teacher didnt explain this stuff
Yep, that always works
DOOM guy riding braeburn into hell and back...your argument is invalid
twilight_sprinkle: Thats what school is all about
ugh, i fucking hate school.
Doom guy destroyed hell in doom 2... your argument is invalid
twilight_sprinkle: Oh thats different
DOOM guy is a brony
double argument invalidaty
dayum
this chat is dead
eeyup
SOMEPONY SAYY SOMETHING
something
SOMETHING
I have a Fluttershy T-shirt! yay!
SOMETHING
REPOST AGAIN.
i heart ponies!
I feel better now :)
i heart ponies!
GNIHTEMOS!
the cake is a lie
the cake is a spy
OK, i gotta find this game. NOW
final fantasy 8 has best opening song
the cake will die.
http://derpy.me/mx76Y
PERIOD END OF STORY
http://www.moddb.com/mods/brutal-doom
someone needs to make doom equestria some day. I know the engine is not the best for doing out door enviroments compared to indoors, but it can work
^^
I like pony toy Brushables because of the pretty brushable hair, i have rainbow dash and pinkie pie. I watch new episodes when they air of MLP with my ponies. Thats something.
Freefall29: they did fallout equestria, might work
WictimCZ, that's a classic
I have a Luna plush lol
TheKatPony: give it here please
Bronysith: Nope :P
TheKatPony: i want to snuggle luna
and celestia
and molestia
definetly molestia
yes molestia
Bronysith: how many times has she molested you Bronysith?
Gentlemen
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Music: Dawn in Equestria
Freefall29: vegeata take it away please
im not a gentlemen
these graphics stink!
.-.
JRP: Hello Sir
Bronysith: I want to snugle Chery Jubilee, because she doesnt get enough fandom love, also the mane 6 and the princesses.
/me shoots LoGaN
Question of the Day, what is (in your opinion) the most satisfying way to kill something?
LoGaN: What graphics?
pooping on it
Rex_Mundi: IKR?
With your bare hands.
lol
Rex_Mundi: i want to snuggle the mane six of course, luna and molestia the most though
LoGaN: All i see is awsome gameplay
Rex_Mundi: braeburn and soarin and spitfire
I'm also getting a Derpy plush soon :P
Bronysith: Definatly Spitfire
best thing about DOOM, the awesome storyline
I'm being desensitivized and I love it
i want a plushie!
next person who says bad graphics makes a bad game shall feel the wrath of a tomberry
I has spoiler I has spoiler
baldur's gate looked horrible, so clearly it must have been a terrible game
i keep my brony status from my parents
Dat Twilight Plushie: http://derpy.me/7TjqB
:3
YOU DO???
JRP: what spoilers?
im not a plushie toy kind of guy i just like the show... can i stay???????!??!
yup
no get out
jk
LoGaN: We'll consider...>;3
My mom knos im a brony, she thinks its cute. She got me a pony toy the other day, but it was a g3 minty.
night guys
the new walmart plushie of Twilight looks better
im a plushie toy kind of girl lOL
B17 bomber
not good mind you, but better
Rex_Mundi: that't not cute. that's horrifiying
Rex_Mundi: NNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!1
night alexxm
dat kirzstryfe
Rex_Mundi: Cool! Excapt the G3 minty.
*Except*
/me licks kirzstryfe with sandpaper
Who the fuck said g3
Und dann Bronysith was a cat
now you fugged up
JRP: Rex_Mundi said it
uh oh.
Die
Its cool, the G3 minty will go to my niece
g3 is hell to a brony
Rex_Mundi: burn it
G3 want bad at the time, its just bad compared to todays generation
:O I-is this Doom?!
Who's playing?
I don't like G3 either.
wre
LadyCanary: hell yeah
I watched Newborn Cuites one time. It was awefull
lol
:o
LadyCanary: Yes it is, wrek is
Wrek: LadyCanary
LadyCanary: Good ol' Wrek
:D Wreky stream YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY
ping ping ping
god. this game would be banned in germany
So what version of Doom is this?
now you're just showing off Wrek :P
god dammit
HE RIPPED THAT DUDE IN HALF
Wrek has le glasses
No, G3 was bad for its time. G1 was good for its time, G3 was evil for the time, the 2000s.
WalkerPony89: its a mod called brutal doom. its doom 1.
This is indeed brootal.
is Wrek the person playing?
Freefall29: Thanks. This looks hella fun
LoGaN: yeah
so much blood
Yay~
My mom has a bunch of G1 pony dolls in her closet lol
Hey LadyCanary *hugs* How are you doing?
episode 1 is free if anybody want's to get a copy off the internet. the full game is like what, 10 bucks off steam
That's freaking awesome, TheKatPony.
Probably why she doesn't mind I like the show
hellow
Oh my
final level
herro derpy56
what is this
Doom.
this is the final level for the episode. the game is split by episodes
derpy56: Hello!
One of the pony dolls I know my mom has is Surprize :D
Need this pillow --> http://www.walmart.com/ip/My-Little-Pony-Pillow-Twilight-Sparkle/16651250?findingMethod=rr
can i have 1 youtube link its really good?
hai derpy56
Rainbow Dash doesnt always wear clothes, but when she does, she preferes to dress in style. Stay pony my friends.
^^
Lel.
goddman
Rex_Mundi: lol
Rex_Mundi: :D
Stay pony my friends :)
This stinks like rotten meat
Rex_Mundi: Damn you!
Well you are shooting at scary ugly things.
wait theres more then 1 doom guy?
wow, modded monsters too?
Mind blown
Is that marine in the original Doom?
Rustymeat: no. its a mod
pawnch
it is raining its ass off here
Great idea!
damn
It's sounds quite mushy.
good god.
Woah
he ripped him APART
I love this mod
Wrek: DO A FLIP
Hamburger time
that fucker may be a problem.
WHOA THAT DUDE GOD RIPPED IN HALF!
do a barrel roll!
/me rolls over kirzstryfe
and that's why this mod is awesome
^^
kirz! :3
everypony!!!! ping Wrek to distract him!!!!!!
lol?
ping
:)
Freefall29, what mod is it?
Wat
rape time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
/me glomps LadyCanary
ded
there better be DOOM guy cosplayers at dragoncon or i am going to saw off some arms
Zephyr: brutal doom
ping
ping.?
Nono, for the monsters
Twilly :3
http://www.moddb.com/mods/brutal-doom
episode 2 bros
I cant find a brutal doom for xperia play =P
Azura_2ndClassNoob: Don't make rape jokes. There're not cool.
*They'r*
*They're*
^^
So i downloaded doom gles
Dat For Whom The Bell Tolls.
AJIsAwesome: I was refering to the end of the final level
the MW2 mod for doom :3
that looks like from the comic book
Azura_2ndClassNoob: I know. Just be careful.
lol
XD
I gtg, school tomorrow, Bye Everypony :)
Wrek: Ever played Turok: Evolution?
is this evillution or plutonia
Plutonia
ah
Oh shit I think the Powerpuff Girls will be in trouble now http://i.imgur.com/9poRU.jpg
doom guy is best murderer
Bye Dr....
I personally don't count plutonia or evilution as canon as they were not made by id software
CrimsonPhoenix: SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY
I am so slow =_(\
CrimsonPhoenix: That is amazing :D
hey
CrimsonPhoenix: get tara strong to voice it
CrimsonPhoenix: That's epic.
CrimsonPhoenix: O_O
hi Wrek
and im back
sagas: Welcome back!
CrimsonPhoenix: My jaws are dropped beyond words...
If your little girl is a big fan of the My Little Pony character, then she will love this twilight sparkle pillow....... Yea its for my "daughter" >_>
Isn't Nightmare Moon voiced by Tabitha St Germain?
I hear moo-ing
someone should make a doom mod where the monsters are our congress members
TheKatPony, indeed
TheKatPony: That she is
That's what I thought.
but Freefall29 is refering to how Tara voice Bubbles
Hallo..
CrimsonPhoenix: yeah. yeah I was
ello CCCP
She does?
TheKatPony, yes
Oh my God I feel like such an idiot.
that's a terrible idea
this music is annoying
Rex_Mundi: funny. I said something like that a few months ago
Freefall29: to qoute the old lady in Mars Attacks "They blew up Congress :D"
Hai sagas!
No, it's awesome, jeesh.
Rex_Mundi: bad idea
TheKatPony, and she voice Raven in Teen titans as well as Batgirl in Batman and Harley in Arkham City
sagas: this music is awesome bro
She also voice Timmy
hiya CCCP
How is it a bad idea?
aaaaaaand quite a lot more
I did not know that XD
Am I the only one who's never dreamed of ponies before?
The respawn timers in this game are so generous :D
hi]
hi
TheKatPony, do your research you might find more about it
WalkerPony89: I haven't had a pony dream yet either. :'(
Rex_Mundi: I just can't see a full movie working. Not now, at least
As bad as Mars Attacks was - the scene where the zap the entire US Congress was the best scene in that movie :)
WalkerPony89: Same here.
I can, what with season 3 being short and everything
..Oh man, the music of DEATH would go perfectly with this gameplay.
like how the dad of Sweetie Belle's VA is the director of Being Ian and the voice of Glitch Bob in Reboot
WalkerPony89: with half the shit hollywood makes every year. yeah, they can make a my little pony movie
WalkerPony89: I haven't
hey. don't disable the music
http://i.imgur.com/ToU79.png
Freefall29: Well, a full movie would take a LONG time to make, especially a quality movie
miley cyrus covered smells like teen spirit...
The glitchiness is gone
Mmhmm
If Hasbro can make a a Battleshio movies, than certainly MLP, with all the little kids and the brony fandom behind it, can get a movie too.
Hm, leaving for now
CCCP: Michael Bay in a nutshell
I swear, when the English version of PSO2 comes out, half the people are just gonna play as Ranger and get to cap as Ranger without touching Hunter or Force.
disable the music
well there was a PPG movie
no dont!
sagas: stfu
Freefall29: no.
AJIsAwesome: :D
I loved the PGG movie
*PPG
there should be a video game that has alot of cats in it
the music is horriby cheesey
CCCP: well... there is the disney movie the aristocats
CCCP: nvm
Punch a walking pelvis. Nice
the 90s were a bad time for video game music
Freefall29: A video game.
Freefall29, he said videogame.
Freefall29 But I WANT A GAME! :[
i also had a dream where i was watching a 7 min preview of a episode from Season 3
early 90s
CCCP: Funny, since the game publishing part of Warner Bros actually take a lot of risks
my bad. derp herp. :P
Lollipop Chainsaw anyone?
I loved that movie!
lol
One guy interviewed on everfree radio say that if MLP ever comes to Japan, its more likely to be an Japanese made anime version rather than the original ala PPG. A MLPZ if you will.
WalkerPony89 they make Risk?
CCCP, there's a room in Tales of Symphonia with lots of cats in it.
CCCP: Maybe. I have no idea myself :p
Rex_Mundi: with everything else that japan allows in their animes?
CCCP are you talking about Dust?
Kandarihu but it needs to be the whole game!
from that dream i remember that trixie was in it and they were in a snowy area
No, no, NO. I don't like an "MLPZ"...Too risky.
CrimsonPhoenix wats that?
I miss the playing the board game risk
anyone know where I can play a version of it in my browser?
sagas: there is a flash version, but there is no music
CCCP, yeah. In that game, the female lead will name every dog in every town by talking to them while active.
the screen constantly blinking red is annoying
Have any PC gamers out there played Dark Souls?
Freefall29: I dont mind a board game without music
Why do you have to reload in this version?
WalkerPony89: I have for the 360
Seriously?
are we even talking about doom anymore
WalkerPony89: Has it come out for the PC?
or this board game called rsk
risk
sagas: That's good. I have it for the 360 as well. And yeah, it came out a week ago or so
Freefall29: I wasnt talking about doom anymore
VenHur: Perhaps, but what harm could it do, really. PPGZ diddnt ruin anything.
WalkerPony89: I dont think those controls would translate well to PC
DOOOM
yes.
sagas: Where there's a will, there's a way
imagine doom z
So anybody know where I can find a browser version of the game Risk?
http://images.4chan.org/v/src/1346025819888.jpg Win.
Sure hope that pic works...
WalkerPony89: failed
Damn
lol
whats up?
But yeah, imagine if the MLP movie gets made and there is a midnight showing. The news will deffinatly report on than. I say moreso than any of our conventions.
Rex_Mundi: like the news already hasent
That would be amazing
lol midnight showing
that would be sick
I'd go to it :D
http://www.halolz.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/halolz-dot-com-pokemon-timburton1.jpg - fund it?
I gotta go. See you guys later :)
Bye TheKatPony
Later TheKatPony
night TheKatPony
mfw, most Consol gamers are 12 year olds that hate everyone, handheld gamers are 5, and PC gamers just talk about how much better they are than consol gamers and dont shut up
Imagine, because of bronies, the MLP movies out grosses some blockbuster movie in the charts.
TheKatPony: Bye!
bye TheKatPony
Not that Hasbro would have a midnight showing
on channel 5 news tonight. there was a shooting at a midnight premier of mlp the movie. it started over an argument of best pony then went down hill from there. more at 11
Freefall29: NO
Freefall29: That was kinda... uncalled for
yeah. sorry
Freefall29: I laughed. Am i bad person?
Hey everypony!:) Whos streaming?
Wrek
DerpDash: Hello! Wrek is.
I'll admit that was in bad taste
hi DerpDash
Freefall29: Yeah, maybe a bit too soon...
Freefall29: It's okay You meant it as a joke. It's all in good fun.
Internet derepd
*derped
/me dusts Nittany_Discord "Hello there"
11,01Hi PillowPoni
Nittany_Discord: Hello Nittany_Discord! Just wanted to remind you of NC's review of Independence Day!
Ohai Nittany_Discord :3
This game combined two things: Demons and bada** shotguns
11,01OK AJIsAwesome
hi Nittany_Discord
AJIsAwesome: independence day really diden't deserve NC ripping
I would like 4chan more if everyone was nicer...
Freefall29: I know, but someone requested it and Nittany_Discord said to remind him.
well that sucked
CCCP: but 4chan is nice... if you stay off the /b/ board
Freefall29 hahaha no
not true
the /gif/ board is very bad too
CCCP: A lot of 4chan can be pretty elitest. Still entertaining as all hell, though
11,01Hi CCCP and Ponies47
i've heard the /pony/ board is pretty much unmoderated
/wsg/ is nice though Rex_Mundi
*worksafe gif*
or so i've heard
WalkerPony89 i know..
What they pulled with the /fur/ board was uncalledfor though
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Story: Chrysalis Adopts a Cat!
i what!
Rex_Mundi 7chan has one :P
Rex_Mundi: /fur/? what?
The hell's 7chan?
WalkerPony89: 4chan's big bro
so after all that...
guys if anyone here got steam add me :3 my acc name is: meanofdeath
it was POINTLESS
enjoying doom?
Wrek: hell's yeah
DerpDash: What was?
well /b/ was better before /b/day
CCCP: what exactly was /b/day?
Indeed Wreky
^_^
AJIsAwesome: dying like 10 times in that one area
Ha /b/day
Freefall29 well... /b/day was the day that Anonymous revolted against 4chan and truly became their own soveriegn nation on the internet.
Funny pun is funny
BroHoof: prof pic?
why did they revolt?
Freefall29 just look it up :P
DerpDash: a pic of vinyl scratch
CCCP: Now that just sounds badass
Freefall29: They gave the furries their own board, then took it away soon after and banned everyone that posted in it. Considereing all the yiff pr0n on /b/, it was kinda hypocritical on 4chans part.
WalkerPony89 its glorified...
doesn't most of anon hate furries with a passion?
BroHoof: What was the name i typed meanofdeath but nothing came up.
oh, and the furry and pony threads
sagas: http://boards.4chan.org/v/res/152656859#p152656859 Curse really can suck
o_o
not really, alot of them are Furries, the only opeople who troll furries nowadays are furries themselvs
DerpDash: it's that acctualy : meanofdeath
WalkerPony89 dat link... is probably not the smartest thing to post that here .... :s
Buytoast: If you got a warped sense of humer (like me), it can be funny as all hell though
CCCP: A Dark Souls thread on 4chan? I see nothing wrong with that
well yeah it can be funny, but not when it's all shitty porn and stuff
with all the summer there's nothing good
I can tolerate furries. for the most part
BroHoof: try typing my name to see if anything comes up: PixekHunter or MegaFlyer
when they start dressing in fursuits, I cross the line there
WalkerPony89 well it has links to NSFW things and anyone could post somthing pretty NSFW any second, honestly
BroHoof: and my prof pic is of homestuck
hell, /v/ is better then /b/ these days
WalkerPony89: Yeah and you gotta use a curse to go through New Londo
DerpDash: one problem i cant add x_x the feature is locked for me :/
sagas: Just gotta get some Transient Curses and you're fine
has anybody noticed on raibow dashes mane they skip indigo? this pussles me very very much!
BroHoof: oh :(
Freefall29: Why, Fursuits are just Cosplay, its the fursuit fetishists that are to be hated, they are less than 1% of the fandom though.
LoGaN pussles? lol
well i cant see u on search results
/me is disliking DaS speak cuz it reminds him he doesnt have prepare to die yet....
puzzles
BroHoof: any other name?
CCCP: Anyone could post anything NSFW on any thread. And if someone wanders off to a part of the site with NSFW stuff on it, it's their fault, not mine
WalkerPony89: I know you pick up one on the way there, but I died and im out of them and they all wore off so im fucked
nsfw
WalkerPony89 well i know... just you might want to be more careful..
DerpDash: names of accs that i dont use so ya.. x_x
This game is so metal
oh
anyway /x/ is a nice board
whats /x/?
paranormal
sagas: Buy more from the undead female merchant. Just gotta lower the water level and you're golden. Ingrad (or whatever his name is) sells them cheep, too
ghosts and spooky shit
BroHoof: any caps or #s?
/x/ is a RP board disguise
WalkerPony89: What undead female merchant?
DerpDash: no well try this one ♬ Ⅴḯηƴł ϟ¢ґ@⊥¢H
WalkerPony89: Havent comeacross her
There are a few MLP threads on 2ch, thats a huge site but its japanese.
sagas: In the aquaduct. Way back of it
sagas: near capra demon
o3o
BroHoof: sryy nothing comes up
I'm bored
420chan is alright
Anypony here ever brohoof some IRL
shrekchan is where the shit is at
DerpDash: aww
WalkerPony89: I dont recall the capra demon. Ive only rang the first bell, the catacombs, and some of the forest
BroHoof: why is the adding feature blocked for u
all in 15 hours
PonyChan is fascist
From the wow beta to this...Awesome :D
ponychan is a shithole
what's so bad about ponychan
DerpDash: cuz i dont have any purchased games
all the mods are whiny butthurt bitches
me 2
BroHoof: ohh
and opinions are forbidden
Ive never heard an only community called fascist
online
sagas: Oh. Then yeah, you get to the female undead merchant at the end of lower Undead Burg
fchan is just one thing, NSFW stuff. not a place for conversation at all.
sagas: then why are you in new londo? joining dark wraiths or somthing?
DerpDash: i do have portal but the code is duplicated and i cant fond the acc T_T
http://images.4chan.org/wsg/src/1346013660621.gif
wsg is a pretty cool board
DerpDash: find*
lol whats fchan?
well it's worksafe gif, of course it won't be too bad
ive been using this thing to scape the concrete off this floor all day haha
still
DOOM
Dovah: Dont know. Seemed like the way to go. The guy told me to go underground so I went
and it hurts cuz it vibrates so hard
oh god
I've been simsing all day 8)
Dovah: Where the 2nd bell is
http://images.4chan.org/wsg/src/1345992866971.gif classic
5chan appears to be... A fucking Chat room? WAT
i think theres a wasp in my house
sagas: Into New Londo? No man, that's NOT the way to go. Gotta head down to the lower Undead Burg first
CrimsonPhoenix: well thats random
BroHoof: Wait i think i found you!
sagas, you don't know that gif?
what picture of vinyl are u?
DerpDash: RLY?!
there's even a pony comic of that
WalkerPony89: Toward the valley of drakes?
feels like enoug hfor one night or?
CrimsonPhoenix: nope
I think there's a grey man in mine.
What the fuck........ My mom just told my dad that andrew W.K composed the music for MLP..........
lol
ur fucked
LOL
....Oh god
XD
sagas: no you want to go to the depths and to blight town new londo will just get you fucked up you need to beat sif (giant wolf) to get a ring to fight the bosses (the 4 kings) who are agruably the hardest boss fight in the game unless you know what you are doing
Yup
no one seems to mind so :o
cachi01|mobile: encourage him to think that lol
I think she still doesnt the brony thing....
Get
Doesnt get
sagas: Uh, no. There's a door before the bridge guarded by the giant red Wyvren that leads to the lower Undead Burg. That's where you wanna go
Dovah: dont know the way there. I just cross the bridge, use the curse, and kill some ghosts
BroHoof: is it the one with the green shirt?
He gunn rape me and then kill me and rape me again :(
:O
WalkerPony89: I wish that was more obviouse....
dark souls, dark souls everywhere
11,015435
Only Mike may do that!I mean wut
sagas: yeah stay away from new londo till your about lvl 60 or so..
DerpDash: yea i think mine is one with shatered glasses
this steam has been doom for quite some time now...
there should be a day where #bronystate has no rules
Dovah: Yeah im only level 32.....
DerpDash: wait is all the TF2 achivments done on that one?
I need a doom wad and my phone wont download wads :( and my pc is broken :(
CCCP: no rules, you sure about that
CCCP: Porn. Porn everywhere
11,01CCCP: It won't last an hour.
let me check BroHoof
oh hi there Nittany_Discord
Not 15 minutes
sagas: You just gotta get use to Dark Souls. I've played through it 7 times, so I know a bit about it :P
sagas: btw you playing the pc version or console?
DerpDash: ok
sagas internet in a nutshell
/me puts Nittany_Discord in a doom guy maid corset and pulls hte strings
the fbi would take this site down if we were rule free
CCCP: Rule 34. Rule 34 everywhere
it would be funny :D
CCCP: I guess an april fools day chatroom that lasts a day
BroHoof: Yes
Dovah: 360 console version
Hola, compadres
That moment when you look up the world record table to remember what your personal best is...
sagas: :)
DerpDash: yea thats it then
PS1, PS2, SNES, NES, are my fav consoles
sagas: now i must see if i can get my xbox live working
goddammit
Que onda Dken2021 lol
Hiiiii Dken2021
Dovah: You play on the console?
thunder keeps messing up my wifi
DerpDash: yay ;3
WalkerPony89: 360 yes dont have it for pc yet but will eventually
I see some Doom mod
hello Dken2021
if you see the grey man, tell him ill pay him big money to scrape this shit off the floor
Eeyup
You see right, Dken2021
hai cachi01|mobile
brutal doom is best pony
Dovah: Yeah I dont get the whole online part of Dark Souls. Seems like nobody ever shows up when I use my summoning stone thingy and I always get summoned to somebody elses world
Hi CCCP :)
HAI every one
hi
So guys, is this the Brony website you are most active at, your mane fansite?
:(
Brutal doom is best bloody pon
Y
This gme in general is just 100% pure bada**ery
Rex_Mundi: pretty much, I don't lurk moar on sites like EQ.
Rex_Mundi eeyup :)
Rex_Mundi yea pretty much, I just check EQD for drawfriends
5 hours later
sagas: thats what the summon sign is for: for you to go to anothers world if you want someone in your wold you need to be human and touch a sign yourself
sagas: You gotta put your stone in a good spot. Other than that, having a good connection helps too
/me is sads
I used to be in a forum called Brohoof.com .......... I got banned lol
WalkerPony89: How can I determine if I want to either have somebody join my world or join somebody elses
what game is this?
5 days later
doom?
DOOM
tigher1001: doom
cachi01|mobile: what for?
a doom mod, and so much red I'm seeing
Rex_Mundi it was a minecraft server and i broke some rules
YES knew it was doom
sagas: if you want someone in your world find THEIR summon sign if you want to go to another world put down YOUR summon sign
goddammit this is just gonna keep happening
so screw ghosting my old nick
Rex_Mundi i started describing SAM lol
lol
SAM?
sagas: What Dovah said :P
bad respawn
Sweet
Apple
Massacre
spawnkillers everywhere
Yeah
Dovah: I find them (the little white circles) but then there isnt a prompt to hit or do anything
cachi01|mobile thats not nice
never heard of it
yeah. I think this is the final level of plutonia
Dovah is uber smart about Dark Souls :p
otakon1: the space ninjas getting to you?
xD
sagas: those arnt summon signs...
wow that looks hard
Is plutonia good???
Dovah: what are those?
Dovah you should change your name to Dolan
white circles
Dovah: go back to your newb game and leave dark souls to the hardcore crowd
cachi01|mobile: its said to be one of the harder doom games
sagas: The little white circles aren't summon signs, they're... shit, I don't remember what they're called but they boost miracles in the area
CCCP: DOLAN SUCKS
Oke.
And TNT????? Freefall29
WOOOOOO!!! Rock and rolll!!
Bronysith gooby pls
cachi01|mobile: and TNT as well.
Bronysith: You seem upset
Blonisid Pls
Bronysith: NG++++++ yeah cuz I'm not good at dark souls
CCCP: your meme is bad and you should feel bad
WalkerPony89: He mad bro
whats with this grey man anyways?
0____0
I'm always hearing about it here
Alister: I think he might be, bro
and CCCP why?
i wouldve ragequitted 30 deaths ago :|
TNT (evilution) and plutonia were sold together as a single game called final doom.
5 years later
Bronysith its better then most of the MLP:FiM related memes honestly
Wrek still streaming
so just started watching breaking bad and just finished the 2nd episode, kinda interesting
He is
WalkerPony89: I dont think Ive ever come across an offer to join somebody elses. I always put down my own sign and then like 15 min later I basicly get sent against my will after ive moved on into somebody elses world
guys this storm is REALLY screwing with my wifi
lol theres a game called lsd, and basically you just run around, and the grey man sometimes pops up
Dken2021 I love that Show!
everytime it thunders I disconnect
it gets better
WalkerPony89: NO! NOOOOOOO!. im not upset...im not! this whole country is upset. WITH ABSURD PRICES, five dollars for a meal at mcdonalds? i need more meat in my diet
sagas: dont put down your sign damnit!!!
otakon1: you live in florida?
Bronysith fak u dolan is bes puni an a asum mem
WalkerPony89: i look around and all i see is stupid. quit complainging about religion NO ONE CARES
Bronysith: Yup, you're definetly upset over something
Ladys and Gentlemen the first, first person shooter
WalkerPony89: OOMPA LOOMPAS ARE MURDERING THEMSELVES
dolan was fairly entertaining before it was plastered everywhere adn overused like a cheap belgian whore on a tuesday night
Buytoast Pls.
Bronysith: stop bitching about your life, No one cares.
so much red and dead
disconnect?
WalkerPony89: Oh boohoo you're gay you're lesbian you're straight MY PENIS DOESNT WORK
Religion im all alright with a nice fairy tail :3
enope for once
I showed it to my friend when she was over c:
Bronysith: And what, pray tell, are you quoting?
how did we go from doom to religion. I know this game is about hell, but still...
guess what i just got
ohh
WalkerPony89: code ment
AND SHE FELL ASLEEP IN MY BED WHILE I WAS SHOWING HER
JappleAck porn
?
PC arcade pro
anyway brb i need to check my router
So I tried to open my #bronystate log I have in the mIRC folder.
Notepad stopped responding.
made byInterAct
I love Notepad. Its gameplay is just amazing
wuts this? Doom?
Brutal doom
lol cachi01|mobile
Its a mod
Sketch_Toku_Brony: Brutal Doom
lol shibaru
neat
Is the stream buffering like a madman for anyone else?
BroHoof: Your penis doesnt work. im sorry
WalkerPony89: not for me
I mean bronysith
It seeems like most bronies belive in a god of some sort, how interesting :3
cachi01|mobile you should try Notepad++, has higher polygon count
Sketch_Toku_Brony: the birth of first person shooters
frequent saves on this level feels pointless since the monsters will keep respawning back
Rex_Mundi: da fck
CCCP: You're an atheist, I take it?
BroHoof: sorry, wrong person
Dken2021 what about its sequel. Microsoft word?
00,03Mentlegen~
Rex_Mundi: lol no worries x3
Scoot-Scootaloo~
so true
Scootlegen
Hello Alej
Scoot-Scootalen
/me glomps Scoot-Scootaloo
WalkerPony89 basically yes
Scoot-Scootaloo: Hillo!
I see the Scoot-Scootaloo is safe.
ello Scoot-Scootaloo
hello Scoot-Scootaloo
XAX lol
00,03Am I safe? Am I safe from the terrible clutches of ponies?
All my kids on the sims became adults 8)
oh cool doom
/me 11,01hugs Scoot-Scootaloo
...
00,03No, no I'm not :(
cachi01|mobile nah it's engine feels inferior
man, half an hour to write an email, that took too long
/me hugs chat room
from seein that death animation,makes me wonder ya can make a halo mod for doom lol theres already a megaman deathmatch mod
safe from ponies? here? *hugs*
Quick! use MLG powers to protect yourself?
haha
how do i reply to someone without copy pasting?
*!
WalkerPony89 even though technically im ignostic because i belive there a change of a god... just ITS REALLY REALLY REEAALY Small
Scoots!
:3
Nittany_Discord: y u no like doom guy maid corset?
LadyCanary! :3
^_^
Damnit let me use my nick! i already refreshed!!
tigher1001 just type some of the name and press tab to complete ir
*it
WalkerPony89 im not a satanist >_>
Bronysith: it be hot if doom guy was a girl... but he's a guy
wow this mod Is brutal
CCCP: I know there's a term for that. Can't quite remember it though
Dken2021: wow it worked thx
And I dn't mean satanist either :p
00,03Metroid would be hot if he was a girl :P
ded
Scoot-Scootaloo: hahahah
metroid is an alien
I think its a good idea that religion not be debated here.
Scoot-Scootaloo: what if zelda was a girl?
11,01Bronysith: Sorry. Just "meh" again today.
samus is a girl
WalkerPony89 ignostic... ignostic-athiest
he didn't say samus
Scoot-Scootaloo I think you're talking about zelda, he already looks frilly with that green tunic
WalkerPony89 also ignostic
he said metroid
oops
CCCP: don't you mean agnostic
Freefall29 then google lied :(
zelda is a girl
all i can imagine is pinkie pie going MAKE IT STOP PLEAS MAKE IT STOOOOP
link is a guy
WalkerPony89 http://www.angelfire.com/empire/serpentis666/HOME.html
DeadpoolDash: duh
lol
anyway im back now
xD
LOL WUT
SIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMSSSSSSSSSS
@W@
oops
agnostic athiest is the only way to go
I had a crush on Zelda when I was 10. what can i say, i was young and she was princess of hyrule...
doom guy sounds black
I DONT MIND RELIGION OR ATHEISIM, i do mind it when PEOPLE SHOVE IT IN MY THROAT
Bronysith you dont like the taste of it? :s
did he just kill the boss?
awww yeah. time to kill the boss
looks like the cyberdeamon is dead
you dun goofed
so Wrek, you don't want to try this without strafing enabled?
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Story Updates August 26th (Evening)
Am i the only one who use to refere to video game bosses as the "endguy"?
/me shoves his beliefs of ponies in Bronysith's throat. "Taste good?"
kirzstryfe:
already have
on stream
victory
ages ago
I know :p
yay he won!
and my sound cut out
ello there kirzy
there we go
sagas: wuts your xlive name?
YAAAAAAY
guys. i'm gonna brb. be back in about 5-10 minutes
Damn storm rolling over my house is causing wifi disruptions
Dovah: UEG Pie
Dat music
Guys final DOOM includes The Ultimate Doom wad, doom 2 wad, TNT wad and plutonia right?
YAY! SPLATERMASS!
http://www.weather.com/weather/map/interactive/21643:4?interactiveMapLayer=radar&baseMap=r&zoom=8
hit play
/me does jig
alright, you killed everyone in hell!
reminds me of runescape music
evening everypony, how yall doin?
well now otakon has revealed where he lives
look at em die
you knew that before
That video is just wierd
/me makes it a point to leave a rocket launcher in Wrek's coffin
hai NocturnalBlade
almost time for me to tyria and wield double flaming dragon swords
you should play it haha
besides it's not like anyone is coming here
ello NocturnalBlade
our hero is invisible
hai NocturnalBlade
So @wrek, are you going to draw tonight?
Hello NocturnalBlade
hmm?
Mah boi
lol the giant lips that scared him
holy shatner
hi guys :)
dat BFG
This Pikachu is what all true warriors strive for
hi Pikachu
damn
hey Pikachu
hai Pikachu
Hello all broines
whats the big deal about the man though? I dont get it
ello Pikachu
hey Pikachu
/me brohooves everyone
Pikachu: /)
Hi Pikachu
well idk about you, but he scared the shit out of me when i play it
Pikachu: /) heck ya
its a rave e.e
/me punches everyone. "Welcome To Earth."
I just got the mine little pony mod!! :)
I am about to finish the largest binge I have ever done on a series.
Ever.
which series?
Homestuck.
sooo much BLOOD!
-.-
This looks rather difficult
Pikachu: in minecraft?
NocturnalBlade: It's Doom.
scares*
Pikachu neato
tigher: eeyyup
One of the few comics where you can fall behind for a year and have over a thousand pages to catch up on afterwards.
11,011,000 dull pages?
/me i know but still
I'm about to clear it in a time span of...say, three days?
walks into random cave...meets fat behemoths:You came to the wrong neighborhood motherf***er
0,14sinfest is better
^
whoops
Nah, they stopped being dull ages ago.
Pikachu: there is a mod called animal bikes and one of them is a pony bike
ik
lol ok...
I've been putting this off for a year, now seemed a good time to deal with it.
Homestuck fans make up the biggest group of annoying fucks I've ever seen at cons
i have it and im a luna rideing a luna right now (like a bawss)
Pikachu: ridin celestia like a boss
sagas: I would come on and help you but I have too many things on my router since my mom when and wasted $400 on an Iphone and Ipad and fuck up my internet so i cant :|
gigity
We've heard.
I've heard.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qWcprxCH57o
:P
I hate the fandom.
I've never gotten scared playing lsd lol
Haaaaate it.
Pikachu: can you do me a favor on minecraft?
darn this looks hard
Pikachu: yo dawg
he threw a lost skull....
How do you fuck up a router with an ipone and ipad?
Full of idiots and fools.
11,01I'm trying to start Homestuck.
Obsessed with shipping
11,01I've read 20 or 30 pages in.
sagas: way to many things connected to it
See, Nitt, that's the damn problem with Homestuck.
Do the enemies still fight each other if they hit each other?
It takes literally like a thousand pages to get interesting.
BRB shower
Its the wierdest thing though lol
those things were the "staw that broke the camels bakc" so to speak
straw8
How did they come up with all that?
*
Dovah: I think that signals that you have a shitty router
if it does, it never should have made it to 1k pages >.<
sagas: I do but it was fine befor then
The problem is, you have to clear those thousand.
It's like...a gradual upslope.
Dovah: Mine has a laptop, xbox, ipod, kindle, wii
Rex_Mundi: yeah. monster fighting is very possible and fun
Pain in the ass to climb.
Dovah: all hooked up
Cello everypony :)
And you can't take a faster way up, because otherwise it's not the same.
hai LunaTheBeloved :D
Hello LunaTheBeloved
So yeah, don't bother unless you're willing to sit and binge.
hello LunaTheBeloved
Cello everyone
LunaTheBeloved: yo
if a comic can't show some sort of promise in the first 50 pages, I give it a pass
hey Luna :)
and whats the point of the lsd game?
On the other hand, I completed that duty two years ago, and so I am beyond saving.
/me hugs LunaTheBeloved
apperently one of the guys that helped make the game kept a dream journal for 10 years. I guess they took some ideas from his dream journal
sagas: mine has xbox, wii ,laptop, desktop, kindle, iphone, ipad, and something else that i cant remember
/me hugs kirzstryfe
hai LunaTheBeloved
LunaTheBeloved! You loony!
LunaTheBeloved: HELLO!!!
dat skull
heh wow...
/me hugs Meanwhile
LunaTheBeloved: hi there
Never mind -_-
/me SUPER GLOMPS LunaTheBeloved
/me hugs LunaTheBeloved back.
Hey LunaTheBeloved!
I think if I remember, mine can take 9 at once. But im not sure since ive never maxed it out
How are you?
LunaTheBeloved: HELLO DEAR! LONG TIME NO SEE!
have a good vacation/break/whateverits?
/me is Super Glomped
Oh wait Hello LunaTheBloved
/me hugs LunaTheBeloved "How was your vacation?"
Page 50: John's still dicking about his house.
11,01Hi LunaTheBeloved.
..
/me hugs everypony
Good
/me hugs LunaTheBeloved
Hay guys, i see we're plating DOOM?
kirz, yes, and Cello Nittany
Flootahshy: hell's yeah
Yeah, it took Hussie ages to serious up...
DANG you are to strong
who is playing minecraft?
lol keep pressing 6 on the zoosk video
hi Flootahshy
0,14oh hai LunaTheBeloved
Oh, hi Luna, sorry I've been ignoring you.
I'm Bahk.
hai Flootahshy
Dovah: lol no one on stream, Wrek is playing Doom
03 :>
hia Flootahshy and yes Wrek is
What difficulty?
And suddenly a Slurry.
otakon1: I ment in chat...
Flootahshy: ultra-violent
Flootahshy: it's modded, Brutal + Plutonia
Man, chat's getting lively tonight.
woah
I see.
I think a ghost keeps kicking me in the head
so
/me steals LunaTheBeloved's leg and hits her with it.
LTB and Slurry are back
super hard
nice
/me hugs everypony
:L
0,14and oh hai SlurryMoon
Too long have I been waiting to do that.
hello VioletLynnScraton
Wait what
Is this some kind of meme I'm not familiar with?
not as hard as nightmare. there will be monster respawns every 30 seconds
lol
/me steals Meanwhiles leg
*sigh* ghosts -_-
and burnt again
Hows it goin' otakon1?
/me bonks Meanwhile
03 heheh
Touché.
i keep hearing the DING noise but i dont see any replys
VioletLynnScraton: could be better, massive thunderstorm keeps disrupting my godamn wifi
pika i got to sleep :(
bye
night Pikachu sleep well
Its good to be back
> w<
No matter how much i play, i always think the fire hurts you.
i refreshed
lol punchin demons in the groin
03 Indeed
So tell me, how has everyone been?
I am puching your salad!
NAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWW
speaking of ghosts
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pIrvpn3k9A4
I start a new job tomorrow and won't be around as much >.< lol
0,14;__;
VioletLynnScraton: hello mine turttle
well. I've had my doom fun. g'night everypony!
night
'night Freefall29
gnight Freefall29
Awwww
Holy shit what was that?
03 Well, at least you're working. That's a huge thing to say in this age.
I am much the same as ever. Which is wholly uninteresting.
dat BFG
So this is plutonia
Eeeyup.
Brb testing doom in mah xperia
Have you ever had sex with a ghost? o_o
so...much...blood
:L
yes, all the time
08,01i am a terrible person: https://www.facebook.com/andrew.p.bell.9/posts/490939157584919
So... anypony here grab any pony merc recently?
Yeah....you seem to never change
08,01bear in mind that Connah is 12 years old, and was a guest at BUCK
Cello
Rex_Mundi: Nope. I never have either
my youtubes not playing sound again
Jobs are elusive as ever, so the daily routine of being a twazzock on here and maybe being a twazzock a few other places continues.
How come rebuilding my house for the 1234567890th time made the glitchyness go away? .3.
wah LunaTheBeloved long time no see
/me shrugs and throws LunaTheBeloved's leg into the ocean.
who is playing?
Cello TGAPT
oh hai LunaTheBeloved~ havnt seen ya in furever~
the 'stache keeps on growing more powerful though
Oh c'mon man
Oh man, you havnt lived untill youv walked down the pink isle and then purchased a pony toy. Prefereably while whispering to the cashier "I like ponies"
also, sent all my pics to EQD for buck
Oh cello Sham :)
I walk away for ten seconds and someone's leg is in the ocean.
08,01LadyCanary: thank you! <3
:O LunaTheBeloved!!!!!
this is the most recent picture we have of Meanwhile: http://timeentertainment.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/the-lorax-movie-review.jpg%3Fw%3D600%26h%3D400%26crop%3D1
I've missed you dear!
and then I just nostalgia like fuck on a canadian short
who is playing and i luv you cassy
/me throws Meanwhile's leg into a pit full of G3.5 Scootaloos
LadyCanary: this is all an illusion
Ahahahahahaha
Oh kirz u
03 x3
/me 's leg melts on contact.
That is so awesome kirz
kirzstryfe http://i50.tinypic.com/1zc2rr.png more accuarate
but seriously, who is playing?
HATE THIS LEVEL
And har de har har here we go again with the Lorax thing.
I missed you too LadyCanary
now youtube has sound...
eeyup :)
Wrek: but it loves you soooo much
Did you fix it by rebuilding your house?
is phase playing?
excellent timing with that btw, TheGreatAndPowerfulT :)
0,14haaaa
Wrek.
/me bangs his face on the floor.
lol
Wrek is a very cool dude, he draws awesome ponies and doesnt afraid of anything.
11,01Congrats kirz on getting a job.
11,01I hope it works out for you.
oh, wrek this leve loves you
I hope so too, will bump my annual earnings by about 240%
11,01Wow.
/me picks up Meanwhile and then steals his other leg
yes
11,01What is it?
tech support
/me lands on his face. Again.
Oh dang kirz
Why.
11,01Cool.
Cause its me :3
kirzstryfe so what costumer service you work for ? maybe someone can start doing pony prank calls there until they find you
Oh yeah, right.
Wreks artwork...<3
/me hand runs after LunaTheBeloved.
going from $7.67/hour, 20-25h/week, to $10/h, 40h/week
GNIGHT everypony
0,14kirz getting dat paypah
:o
sleep tight
11,01Yay more money.
take care Bronysith
Night, Bronysith
night Bronysith
Wrek: try not to die from a stroke cause of this level... i still have use for you
i want popcorn :(
seeya
GNIGH Bronysith
Isn't that more like...an increase of 140%?
inb4 he spend it all in blindbags
>.>
Because if you were getting an increase of 200% it would be triple
And this is double, I think
(pardon my maths)
I've been awake for 20 hours, I'm sleepy, math bad :P
Night Bronysith
No excuse
bye Bronysith
yes excuse
I want Mike's unicalade
No excuse.
/me blasts off to bed
yes excuse
ilove u bronysith
And I put a period there because I was being serious.
lol
Clearly periods denote seriousness.
/me flying dropkicks LunaTheBeloved with his stump.
0,14once a month they do
/me goies flying
inb4 someone...dammit Saxy
0,14:3
00,03Don't we all~
bronysith and me are having intercorse
hehehe
.......kay
0_0
uh.......
gnight Bronysith. Ima hit the hay as well gnight everypony
00,03... uh hu.
I have a pony, your arguement is invalid: http://images4.fanpop.com/image/photos/17900000/Rainbow-Dash-my-little-pony-17940460-307-304.jpg
I want it in several places because of reasons
Night BroHoof
...have fun with that...
00,03Night BroHoof!
/me is headed for the pit of G3.5 Scootaloo
G'night BroHoof
inb4 kick?
08,01creeperhugger10: enough of that, please
night Brohoof
creeperhugger10: ...........o...........k
take care BroHoof
Excuse me while I take two minutes to load that pic.
Not with my other leg you melon!
Scoot-Scootaloo!
Cello
08,01cello?
Cello :3
o/
bronysith dumped me :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :(
Jeez, my connection is worse than otakon's now.
Ohai Scoot-Scootaloo!
11,01My laptop CPU cores are straining for some reason right now.
Check Task Manager, something's being a bitch.
/me flies over the pit
30 rockets so far.
Last time that happened to me it was my browser.
So anyway
and yet still no school
I think I should be properly introduced to LunaTheBeloved
seeing as I never have.
11,01Firefox. I guess I have too many tabs open.
Yes, that would do it.
I think we've met before, at least once
One, maybe.
Back when I was more awkward.
Dken2021: issac?
when does mlp start?
Ow
G'night everypony! :)
lol
tigher1001 yup
creeperhugger10: fall
Chat why you so quiet? O.O
Night GilDash
00,03Relax y'all, it's merely a drizzle with a little wind!
i guess that's your introduction
G'night GilDash!
A kick?
/me lassos LunaTheBeloved by the other leg.
Dken2021: barly scratched where i am'
hey we should play toribash
....
Not much of an introduction, being kicked.
bye gil dash, love u
00,03creeperhug10: Do you REALLY want a My Little Pony episode?
Introduction to dari's boot, maybe.
Bye GilDash
Ponies47: We are all watching DOOM. It's too awesome to now watch.
/me is lassoed
Oh.
this game looks extreamly hard
well it's coming right in the smack dab wehre i live
night GilDash
/me pulls.
/me throws Meanwhile's leg over his head
not*
fuck, so many pony haters.
/me tackle-glomps Meanwhile and LunaTheBeloved into Reikim
Glomp PILE!
All dem corpses
ahhhhhh crotch shot
I vaguely remember these RP shenanigans being worrying in times past. Sometime in-between I must have become desensitized ow
/me is glomped
/me receives his own boot to the head and a kirz to the gut.
creeperhugger10 we're not mean, we just don't watch that much ponies everyday
^
oh man, they're not watching ponies twenty four seven!
anypony going to dragoncon this weekend?
And dont ask for ponies
Flootahshy: I know. I've been here but I was doing other things. This is anthor reason why I'm gonna go double monitor when I get my new computer. So I can keep the caht open on 1 and do other stuff on the other one :/
You will regret it
Wrek: YOU GOTTA LOVE AND TOLLORATE THE SHIT OUTA THEM
QUICK, you can hug anypony you want, but you have only a few seconds to reply or no hugs for you. Who do you pick?
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Tumblr Spotlight: Filly Queen Chrysalis
I'm bored and not sure what I want to draw
Filly queen chrysalis?
Draw
Hm.
0,14...ask, and ye shall recieve, kirz?
00,03Nah, we just don't take too kindly too kindly to pnies 'round these parts
a tumblr for that? heh
Draw this glomp pile.
Ponies47: Smart Idea. Although, double-monitor is always a smart idea.
The one I'm currently trapped under.
mlp spoofs are good
Holy cow...are there new people on the staff?
Rex_Mundi: derpy NOW
yay double monitors!
Most MLP related things are.good
Quick before it gets more complicated than it already is
Dken2021: There's a tumblr for EVERYTHING
hello again everyone. Wrek still streaming?
Flootahshy: IKR? MY mom's boy friends brother built a computer once and he went TRIPLE monitor. O.O
lali-ho TheKatPony
Butts.
Ponies47: TRIPLE!? That. Is. Awesome.
TRIPLE MONITOR ALL THE WAY ACROSS THE DESKTOP
Hey TheKatPony. Yesh
SO INTENSE
New people on staff? I suppose you could count Allegr0 and Giga.
mmm
0,14yeah, we have a podcast now!
Ponies47: I CANT PLAY PORTAL LIKE THIS
well berrypunch is a bot, DashWithRainbows is something artistic iirc allegro and gigabit i don't know
no?
tigher1001: And a derpy you shall recieve! she is on the way to your place now, get ready for your free hug.
DWR works with the art team.
buytoast, i can guess not nearly as bas as the leuge of legends comunity
Lies.
Flootahshy: Might do that but it all depends. Most likely I'll only double.
Cool cool..
I bribed myself in.
Rex_Mundi: yay
What
like all pros do.
double is ok
Kinda figured that
Ponies47: Triple could be a little overkill.
I know Gigabit is Vi's brother.
Only triple if you are working or something
/me hugs a derpy
Dunno 'bout Allegr0.
I like butts
And as DWR just confirmed, he used his massive amounts of cash to garner himself a spot.
Flootahshy: I think double would be fine. Shizuka does it and she says it's great.
Cash?
Please, I bribed them with british things.
Ponies47: Then let the monitors be doubled!
Like tea and crumpets.
and biscuits
my name applies to MINECRAFT!!!!!! :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :)
Saxy loves his crumpets.
So British money.
Dem misses.
And scones
lol
0,14watch the emotes, creeperhugger10
you dont say?
and the Beatles
creeperhugger10 that I noticed ;)
0,14And Matt Sm-
So British money.
0,14hahaha
>Mention beatles.
Nope.
Really? I thought it applied to grand theft auto
dari isnt here silly
David Tennant.
Flootahshy: Yeah!
Oh hello SaxyPretender :3
and technically I'm not on staff any more, just the person that can deop me has vanished again
Scones.
I want a scone now.
tigher1001: I hope you enjoyed your Derpy hug.:P
Like I would give Tennant away.
0,14oh hai, Ponies47
brb
let me ask you something creeperhugger10
yes
I bet if you could pull out a Tennant you could get anything you wanted.
i hug creepers too :3
dis gon be gud
Hell, I'd sell my soul for a Tennant.
I'd sell my soul twice for his coat.
and that
is hwo you do it
Rex_Mundi: yes i.... wait SHE STOLE MY MUFFINS:O
Reikim lies you don't have a soul anymore you sould it to bronystate
sold*
Lies again, TheGreatAndPowerfulT, you are mistaken.
Wrek is a BAUS!
does the league of legends community circlejerk around pictures of anthro humanoids eating shit out of diapers, lion king ocs standing in front of the 9/11 ruins or diaper fetishes?
I still retain my original soul.
tigher1001: Derpy wouldnt steel, you simply gave her your muffins.
well done Wrek.
buytoast... yes... lul
I just pass out IOUs to everyone.
It's going to get kind of awkward when they all come to collect.
Wrek you did some great killing there, and over there, and over there.....
Go Wreky!!!! ^__^
Whoa BFG against zombies, thats overkill
dibs
Dem BFGs.
dayum.
Chat went ded O.O
5s
No it derped -_-
because if they do well then that's two terrible and horrific communities
brb
go Wrek, show em hwhos boss!
Rex_Mundi: yea your write
Ponies47: Don't get lost!
*whos
that's what i was summarizing
dude, a good player makes there name "im gonna f*** yo moma mofo fa****
It does ^^
back
so much fire
over kill muck
wb
But kirz, I never sold you my soul.
Am i the only one here following this pony translation blog? http://maxiburger.tumblr.com/
creeperhugger10 don't forget all of those Xs
I don't remember doing so anyway...
that's probably me
It may be this guy tho
derp.
Rex_Mundi I love her, I like seeing what some of the japanese fans say about the episodes
byetoast, leuge of legends have some homofobic, griefer, asshole, camper, badmouth mofos
Hey everypony im back! :) i see wrek is still kicking major demon arse
lali-ho DerpDash
hey DerpDash
then stop hiting the cider Reikim
Welcome back DerpDash! And Hell Yeah!
I never touched the cider!
demons asses were kicked.
Kicked asses were demons
Shizu's the one who's all over the cider whenever we start passing it around.
Yup.
that about sums up multiple communities sonny
I thought the spell was supposed to make her human, not evil demonic alien from planet anus. I mean wtf is with her face? How long has that thing been in the game? Did I accidentally download that??? Did the game glitch the textures??? Was this the result of the grey man raping missingno all over my furniture???
buytaost, do you even play luegue-o-legends
Hi oni_link!
Dken2021: Maxiburgers a guy:P but yeah, i hope the show gets a japanese dub. Watching the japanese brony fandom develope is interesting. its like a reverse anime situation. They are watching one of our shows for a change.
nope
never caught my intereest
hi cachi01|mobile :)
goddammit IRC STOP DC'ing me!
well beleive me, they the worst group of people ive eve seen and theyre ruining smite aswell/
Rex_Mundi oh, though he was a chick, I guess that maid sorta made me though that, but yea, very interesting
So I was not able to play TF2 all day today but I am currently backing up my laptop and laughed so much looking at pony thread simuator/ tumblr confession vids
good to know ^^
Dem pony simulators are hilarious
They are lol
well im done for the nigh
cachi01|mobile: IKR right :D
whats a pony thread simulater
PEACE OUT BRONYS
seeya tigher1001
Rex_Mundi moonbase alpha brony style lol
peace out tigher1001
bye tigher1001
Night tigher1001
why did i put right at the end -.(\
also night tigher1001
There are so many ponies here I don't know.....I've been gone for too long
night tigher1001
hello LunaTheBeloved :)
13morning ponites
oh hai
cachi01|mobile: What?
13ponies
evening shizu
Hi Shizu :)
13hic
Well Cello Shizuka
hi Shizuka!
hey Shizuka
Long time no see
evening Shizuka
13ohai ltb
FUUUUUUUUUU
Rex_Mundi just search them on youtube
Bless you
0,14INTERVENTION TIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIME
13hai wrek
Shizuka: shouldnt be like 8pm for you now?
But we haven't even seen any cideer
lol
/me backs out
Shizu have you been drinking behind our backs?
139:13
Dat corpse room
00,03... Morning?
lol same here ^^
Rex_Mundi: http://derpy.me/83LFq
Rex_Mundi: they are very NSFW though
13nein... but i was at the state fair for about nine hours
13so tired...
i'll just ask this here: does anyone know whether or not you get some revenue on rebubble.com if someone buys a t-shirt with a print-template you provided?
Shizuka: i was close
it's morning somewhere....
i mean has anyone used redbubble.com for that?
btw everypony...ive been a member on bronystate for a short time now and im still wondering what does "glomp" mean?
should be the schlafen back on and go take a nap.
00,03DerpDash: I have no idea either... :S
13bronies... i am not sure whether to be disappoint or not... i did not see a single pony anything at the state fair today
like an attack hug
Eyup.
a big hug :D
Basically a really big super awesome hug
What am I watching?
Naptime, Shizu.
Shizuka... went outside?...
DerpDash: http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=glomp
ah ok thx
klaca idk
psst DerpDash: http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=glomp
/me goes to check hell's thermostat
-with an umbrella.
hmm... thanks cachi01|mobile, does anyone know though?
double link post.
-and some form of handheld.
/me 13is probably burned
yeah sorry :P
lol
all the way across the chat
13i burn badly..
Shizuka no pony rides? at a state fair? odd
13and it was 84F and humid
i thought the state fair was at the beginning of august
Oh dears.
klaxa i think you get 30% of the prize
Suncream?
NOTHING pony?
13Dken2021: not even a pony t-shirt
13not one
:O
Heat doesn't translate into burn, Shizu. Now I know you're tired.
Suncream? You mean SunScreen?
problem is there are many state fairs
...BLASHPEMY SHIZU D:
13ja but didn't until i was out for like two hours
Its ok shizu neither i...
13but
cachi01|mobile: i see you're on a phone, can you provide me with a source link or keywords to google?
My boob feels awkward laying like this
13let me get pictures first
Figure I'll toss out a reminder for Pokemon players: Starting tomorrow, an event begins involving the release of the event pokemon Keldeo. You have to go to Gamestop to pick him up, but yeah.
It's called suncream here.
brit-spaek
Or at least, that's what I call it.
Shizuka: wat you saw bronies?
SunCream sounds like something made from parts of the sun
Marx ah, that pony looking legendary
Marx is this for black and white?
13i didn't see any bronies
0,14^
Creamed Sun
Cream of sun. For the coat like Celestia.
Heat translates into heat exhaustion...sunlight translates into burn.
13out of thousands und thousands of people
13no ponies
Marx: oh cool, havent had one of those in a while
You could get sunburned in the dead of winter in the middle of the snow. I'd know, I've done it.
Dken2021, Eeyup. oni_link, Eeyup, and for Japanese Black 2 and White 2 if you have them.
9 hours, wouldn't really matter for me if I had sunscreen or not, not that long
welp, so much for that
0,14I wish I could tan
Shizuka: I feel you, there's like no bronies in my state :(
0,14I'd like to toast a bit ;__;
I would hide in shade.
redheads don't tan, we burn >.<
Marx: awesome last time I was at gamestop to nab some pokemon I was getting the shiny Suicune, Raikou and Entei for the Celebi event :o
And when you do bring up My Little Pony, they think of the G2 or G1 ponies...
Yeah for black heair and the ability to tan!
*hair
:P
Same here kat
03 x3
I'd like to say I had black hair, but no, just this stupid almost-black.
TheKatPony: yeah, the media always does too
Da Faq?
I just wanted to refresh and then my whole computer derps out. That was perdictable -_-
0,14I'm Hispanic, we either burn easily or have natural SPF 9000
...Holy guacamole. o3o
also whoa, he ripped that duedes spine out :o
^
lol
Well Done Wrek!
LadyCanary: :3
Actually my hair is no color
Dusty blonde hair, black facial hair. Go figure.
Kinda crappy huh?
Mission accomplished
Hiya Derpy_Hooves ^_^ and YAY WREKY!!!
Tons of people I know are not internet social
Not open for debate
/me hugs LadyCanary \:3/
Marx: Then I gotta get there soon!!
Ohai oni_link
00,03wait... Kelde will be released at that time?!
11,01Par is :30? Must be for people that rush the map w/o secrets.
00,03keldeo*
PUNCH DEM BALLS
03 heheheh x3
/me glomps Ponies47
hi!
PUNCH THEM HARD
oni_link: Yep... very NSFW.
/me Hugs oni_link back "Hello!" :3
11,01Did you have fun Shizuka?
I smell a hugfest!!
What are you laughing at there, Slurry?
Rex_Mundi: That stuff made me laugh though
/me hugs everypony
13mostly
03 hmm, yeah, I really don't like spending too much time outside down here in Texas
13wish i hadn't run out of ammo though
/me is hugged
/me Hugs LunaTheBeloved back
/me extends his arms out to hug everypony
/me Brings a platter of assorted pasteries.
/me hugs LunaTheBeloved and oni_link
03 I sunburn so easily
The love....
Hey so I'm playing Bioshock. Can I kill this batshit artist guy, and what are the consequences if I do?
/me hugs everyone with his tentacles
man I really missed this place...
hello everyone
00,03...shieeettt... -_-
To clear up any confusion you might have had.
hi Thrackerzod
Reikim yes you can not much
hey Thrackerzod
<3 We've missed you LunaTheBeloved ^__^
hai Thrackerzod
Hi Thrackerzod! :)
Hai Thrackerzod
The consequence is you no longer have to listen to him talk.
Kill him
Well that sounds good
Hello Again :(
I know. If they extended it 1 day more, I would have 4 of those guys.
hi Thrackerzod
The twisted bastard deserves it.
I pretty much just killed everyone.
This looks fun , what am I watching exactly?
Reikim try to find his room
hey CCCP
oni_link: DOOM
The gallery?
/me Reachs out for all 127 of you and pulls all of you into huge group hug
oni_link: DOOM!
hi LunaTheBeloved
Hey Thrackerzod!
<3
Brutal DOOM mod
Flootahshy: but is it like an expansion?
RIP AND TEAR
No wait this is plutonoa
oni_link: Mod.
/me hugs TheKatPony
The love in here....
PLUTIONIA
The one with the safes?
PLUTONIA*
oh thanks Flootahshy and cachi01|mobile
don't remeberi only know you can find his room with some goodies inside
So much passion..
k
FLUTTERSHY LEVEL OF BRUTALITY
13so.. six years of playing stuff like doom, tf2, left 4 dead... this is what i get, without any useful sights: http://imgur.com/a/Zqy8U#0
Dang.
So do I get anything if he dies? Other than satisfaction?
13http://imgur.com/a/Zqy8U#0 this was the high point about an hour ago
Title on imgur.com: State Fair marksmanship - Imgur
FATALITY O_O
:s
.....Daaaaaaaaaaaaaamn Shizu.
lol
....Oh dang.
Shizuka: you have pretty fair groupings :)
Shizu...
what were you shooting with, and how much ammo did they give you?
^
Shizuka: What's with #3?
Ouch
Ded
Wrek is like Fluttershy with his hands
my god, Wrek, you are a boss
Gotta love Rip n' Tear mode.
WHO TOUCHED SASHAAAAA
:(
:[
cachi01|mobile: :D
Ded
On other Pokemon stuff, apparently all 3 event pokemon are already available in Japan.
;)....?
Hi
Dang Shizuka O_O
Marx: which ones were those?
Hi spade :)
hey Spademagnes
Hey Spademagnes[R]
13was a machine gun type firing BBs, dunno how many there were
I dont plan on getting Adblock anytime soon but these Asian women ads look like total bullshit
13#3 was horrible cause it's air-powered, so the stupid target kept blowing around
If it was at a state fair, and judging that some of the hits didn't go through, I would guess that it was probably just a BB gun
Figure that means Meloeta and Genesect are coming to the US soon. No specific dates yet.
Is this a video or are we actually streaming someone playing?
Shizuka: I need too find a fair that has those :O
Or Pellet
13guy next to me had the tiniest sliver of red hanging on, the rest of his shots were dead on the center
Dead
hello Spademagnes[R] :s
13ja was a machine gun type BB gun
13air powered, so the target kept blowing around
Chunky
Okay.
cachi01|mobile Wrek dies a lot.
Save scumming eh?
13was supposed to have a laser pointer but they were all broken :<
very chunky
oni_link, Japan has Keldeo, Meloetta, and Genesect already.
Yeah lol
Marx: oh THOSE! I have Meloetta but because I gave in and cheated and did an IP/ GTS mod
Don't trust the laser pointer at a State Fair shotting booth
anything that shoots more than one in rapid succession is going to be less accurrate >.<
13and the ironsights were worthless cause when i tried it the BB went way off to the corner on #1
Huzza for action replay
:'( waaaa
Shizuka: Could you post that image again? My chat derped.
FORE!
I hate pokemon events, they're so rare
13i was doing it the same way i do in l4d though, short controlled burts
Smart
13http://imgur.com/a/Zqy8U#0
At least we finally get mew
get your shit together Wrek!
lol
Dat Phase4
Gibs everywhere!
I tricked the global trade center! instead of connecting to its main servers, I made it connect to a website that delivers pokemon through DNS :D
Nice
00,02ohai cachi01|mobile
Sup Phase4
oh hey Phase4
failure
Well anyway, I was only getting on for the night, but I'll be back on more now
allo Phase4
is my computer still being retarted or is chat just slow?
Night guys, and Cello Phase4
Why would you fire a ROCKET AT CLOSE RANGE
Chat slow
hai Phase4
Chats a bit slow
WHY
Or both
Good to have you back LTB.
Night LunaTheBeloved :)
night LunaTheBeloved
0,14Indeed
haha that middle finger :D
take care LTB, seeya tomorrow or something
yay just slow chat but stream is being dumb
goodnight LunaTheBeloved
DAT FUCK YOURSELF XDDDD
Messy
night LunaTheBeloved
cachi01|mobile: INDEED :D
night LunaTheBeloved
So I killed Cohen, but now I can't find his body.
13was funny though cause other than a guy who looked like he could be an actual marksman, i was the only one there not just spraying the whole clip and hoping something hit
I love the fuck yourself thing LOL
/me settles back into her lazy boy recliner
Its good to be home\
Shizuka: short controlled bursts? :3
13yup
in otehr words
So much save scumming
13but air powered so the target tended to get blown around
if there was a zombie apokalypse
id have shizu on my team<3
whooo! you deserve a muffin Shizuka
Night LunaTheBeloved
/me hugs everypony
Game crashed?
erm... crash?
paused
apokalypse XD
13which ruined my aim further... didn't help that you can't actually see the BBs, and that the laser pointer you were supposed to have was broken, and the ironsights were useless
cachi01|mobile: no he was talking to shizu :P
Oh lol
All right, night Luna...dammit
Do you know how sad it is to see so much saving?
Why does that happen all the time
Shizuka that's how they get ya money
she's sneaky
Remember when this was considered gory and controversial. :/
?
13but mostly fun.. i will find out tomorrow how sunburnt i am
I'm no doom expert but still.
EY everypony
ello robotdragon9
6RHW45B6 YWE56U E56 JERTYJDRTH DRYH DTYJ ETYHJ
hey robotdragon9
Hey robotdragon9
Shizuka: so the sights werent set, laser broke and this ws all airsoft?
Brony state should do Megaman 8 bit deathmatch some time
hi robotdragon9
13oni_link: BBs ja
should have used real guns, way more fun
watchin sum doom huh?
And again dat fuck yourself lol
Stupid internet.
Or Rei is slow.
Shizuka: Im surprised they tore through the targets tbh :D
just give em the finger
Reikim i think to get into cohen rooms you had to let him live not sure but killing him feels good
13well it's flimsy paper :3
Spademagnes[R] love to do that, I just need to know how to join a server
CHUNKY
SO much blood!
STILL DOOM
very chunky
airsoft and BBs can go through paper easy
FIRE
Oh mai.
Shizuka: you must have had a blast :) I wanna catch my towns fair when it rolls through :P
Wrek got fired
Theres a multiplayer megaman?
Hey Wrek, you're on fire.
:O DeadpoolDash!! Hi you!
i was just shooting my airsoft in the basement lol
you dont say?
cachi01|mobile: MM9 DeathMatch, its an FPS i think
hi LadyCanary!
Burn baby burn~
13there was another game there with air pistols firing corks at slowly moving targets, but you have to hit four targets with four shots in order to win anything... first shot went higher than i wanted but on the lateral i was aiming, second shot hit, third shot hit, fourth decided to be evil and go wide...
STOP FIRING CLOSE RANGE ROCKETS
13but i got a little stuffed goldfish out of it
Where was this at, Shizuka?
Fak u im doom guy i can do what i want
13minnesota state fair
cachi01|mobile ya, a Doom mod with a mega man theme and you can use all the weapons from 1-8
Ah.
I skipped the fair this year. For my brats of step sisters and brother we're here when it came around. So they went and I stayed home.
:'( i hate everything
i taught this guy how to do this
CCCP: So you hate us? :'(
I was gonna go to that, but the way you're describing it makes me happy I didnt
Good thing it was not a pony that you could win.
That guy would of had all your monies
CCCP: We love you, too.:)
CCCP and ponies?
something ok CCCP?
Ponies47 no, You hate ME
13but kind of like driving.. i know i would have a looong way to go to actually be proficient, but i am glad my years of gaming are actually developing the skills you use in game
My state fair wasn't worth me driving 200 miles for.
13sharpshooting, driving, etc
Also: rescue all the girls.
Shizuka: stuffed goldfihs, heck yeah!! I dont like BBs/Airsoft pistols, if you dont get good barells on those things or a decent reloading mechanism, youre gonna have a bad time :D
*goldfish
CCCP: That's not true! Your my friend!
Some one get a mop
I always hated those fire things when I played doom back in the day
Judging distances?
GTA showed me how to drive.......
13so kids, if your mom ever barks at you for playing too much tf2, just tell her you'll win a gigantic stuffed pig at a state fair someday
Shizuka: was it at the Target Center?
<3
YES PUNCH THE FIRE DEMON
Make it hurt
The bad thing....... Lots of people get hurt lol
13no state fair, over in falcon heights
Whats the matter CCCP?
Shizuka, hahaha!
dat moral of the stor hahaha :D
13by the u of m
Oh okay
*story
Kick
11,01Did you shoot around the edge of the star?
SO MUCH BLOOD
god, Wrek.
Slash, swipe
KICK ALL THE CORPES!
13i tried, #5 was my best since i was getting used to how it handled, going straight for the center with enough shot seemed to tear out a good bit of the edge
This Plutonia. Is it a DOOM 2 Mod?
Ponies47: What did he day?
13where they get you is you'll have the tiniest bit of red left just as your ammo runs out
*say*
Kandarihu i think its ultimate doom mod
ooh, that is con worthy
cachi01|mobile, ah, okay.
i was playin mass effect 2 an hour or so ago...first team member i went to get was grunt. krogans are cool.
Get that sasha
13it was extra evil cause there's no audible difference in the clicking between "i fired a pellet" and "i fired nothing".. so you don't actually know when you've run out, other than nothing seems to be happening on the paper
oh wow ^^
AJIsAwesome: Ah he just said that it's not ok to shot people in real life and syuch. He would know because he was in the Air Force and shot off plenty of guns and such.
Is Wrek still streaming?
Ponies47: Ok.
Yes he is
oni_link: I see
DerpyMuffins: Yes.
How long has he been playing Doomguy?
I would hate to be the janitor of this place
^ ^ ^
so much red indeed
A while
Spademagnes ummm.....i quit
DerpyMuffins: He's played it for a couple hours.
13i'm apparently good at sharpshooting but i know i throw like a girl... so i didn't try the "hit three milk bottles" thing
13thing is like a meter round...
Should've gotten someone else to do it for you.
all dem bodies
BRB dinner
13it's a carnival game so it's of course fairly rigged, the softball isn't quite big enough to knock them down with a straight shot, you have to come down at an angle
*watches gory game*= dinner time
oni_link: It's french fry night.:D
I love it when he kicks them XD
I hate those things.
Yeah, it's almost time for my dinner too.
I'm back what's up?
welcome back
Wrek is still on his Doom binge huh?
They're all rigged completely.
Which is why most of the fairs I went to involved taking turns to distract the folks on the games while someone else makes off with the fluffy stuff.
BRB shower
Yus.
dat nosebleed
yep
otakon: Yep
oni_link: I know people who DRENCH their ribs in barbecue sauce.:D
Wait what Meanwhile
13the rifle game cost roughly $3 a go.. so probably good i only had enough tickets to take five shots at it
big fucking gun XD
hiya LadyCanary good to see you in irc :P
13TheGreatAndPowerfulT: IKR
otakon: Welcome back!
About time
Reikim: We nicked the prizes. Basically.
13state fair is great... and a little depressing... for people watching
Wow, conning the cons.
\
Dead
13canary canary~<3
AJIsAwesome: hahah me too :D I used to do that as a kid and my mom would always ask me if Id like more ribs with my BBQ :D
xD
Welp
oni_link: :D
LOL
aww yeah E1M1 theme ftw!!!!
11,01It's raining Ponies47|Shower!
I'm not proud of it but if you're going to steal money from the community I'm going to steal your stuffed Winnie the Pooh.
Shizu Shizu ^o^
Loved that show, but not enough to crack jokes at thought of stuffed pig. It came into my mind, however.
well ive been at this for a while
13if i'd thought of it i would have brought my camera to get a shot of the pigs... they were seriously huge
13<3
you guys still enjoyign DOOM?
Why Pooh bear Meanwhile? I mean...anything better?
this is almost as violent as my family gatherings
Wrek: Yes
:D
robotdragon9, lol
Sure ^^
Am i the only Europa Barbarorum player here?
Yep.
robotdragon9: Not sure if :D or :S
probably
robotdragon9: Nice family you got there....:|
lol
Should stream it.
Was just an example Rei.
robotdragon9: whoa :D
chuck norris aint got shit on doom guy
...Dayum
dem goat lookin things >.>
Meanwhile steals pooh, canon
the only thing i have win in a fair is a dolphin plush
WOMBO C-C-C-COMBO BREAKER TIME!
and 50 bucks
dead
13every year there's some different gigantic stuffed animal to win at the midway games.. last year was massive monkeys, this year was the pig
nice lol
13and squid hats
...
"and squid hats."
11,01Squiddy!
mfw squid hats.
gotta love the shotgun
13i kid you not, flourescent orange squid hats with strips of fabric tentacles hanging down and big fuzzy eyes
lol
oni_link|backup: :D
0,14...
0,14oh
I've been to a fair once, was bored, never went to another
0,14those
0,14....
lol
I kinda want one now.
0,14I've seen them
VenHur: WOMBO MONSTER C-C-C-COMBO BREAKER TIME!
I can believe that.
lol AJIsAwesome
13local school district starts next week i think, so i know what the "in" fashion will be for a while
lol, this is one epic gaming session! How long is wrek gonna play this?!
I gotta get me in on this, blasting away at these things is soo fun :D
I have no idea XD
As long as he wants i think lol
Rex_Mundi: As Pinkie says, "FOREEEEVVVVVVEEER!"
^ ^ ^
DANCE WREK
ded
i can only game for so long. i dont know how wrek does it
Squidhat?
Squid hats.
Same here ^^
Because he's motherbucking Wrek.
i dont know how ANYPONY does it
robotdragon9: if its something you really like, you dont notice the time go by :D
Squid hats with massive pig backpacks?
13squidhat
He's bumtased his way through worse.
robotdragon9: It's simple, really; because Wrek isn't human
Those are cool now?
I can't claim to know much about fashion but never did I think I'd hear that squidhats were in.
true and true
13no one at the fair understood me offering buds for them either :<
I know some people here loved Hey You! Pikachu, but did anyone besides me love Pokemon Channel?
I'm not saying he's an alien...
But he's an alien
Is Wrek really a Unicorn?
lol maybe Wrek IS the DOOM GUY?
Trade you a Shako for it.
JESUS
Sketch_Toku_Brony: Mother of God...
Some people can focus on this some just can't. Wrek's human, but he's hardcore.
13most of the hat stands had a sign out saying "please do not take photos with the hats"
AJIsAwesome: Pokemon channel? Sounds familiar
make a squid hat and put it in tf2 workshop.. ?????.. profit.
13and i'm thinking why not, if you buy it you're going to take one picture and never wear it again anyway
good god
PLOT TWIST: wrek is the doom guy who is actually an alien unicorn
Sketch_Toku_Brony: DOOM GUY hangs a picture of Wrek on his wall for inspiration.
Pokemon channel???? Is that about digimon or what?
Maybe... maybe, wrek is jesus, who is also an Alicorn AND is also the real doom guy.
Probably because they know that's what you'd do as well.
sooooooooooooooo boooooooooooooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeed
lol AJIsAwesome
AJIsAwesome: :D the best one yet!
Hola cada pony
mitamaking: Hello!
And if you do it without buying it they might as well be a hat rental service.
Que onda mitamaking lol
AJIsAwesome: I thought Wrek was the DOOM guy?
Rex_Mundi, Wrek is Wrek.
Hello mitamaking
13new rent-a-hat
Really fucking hate to be the janitor here
13squids optional
No more, no less.
Get dem green balls
Hope the janitors of this place get paid DAMN good
http://i50.tinypic.com/15yagkj.png, I redrew my pony
They better lol
Why does Babel fish need a reCatchcha now?
Some Ponies in an alernate universe draw sexy fart of Wrek.
bienvenido mitamaking
I swear he plays this game on fast forward
sexy fart? Ok.....
*fan art, that wasnt supposed to come out "fart" lol
Spademagnes[R]: they must pay him SOOO MUCH
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m4uoxnBK9Y1qd8gt3o1_r1_500.jpg
If you want a squid you have to line up your rent-a-hat with the neighbouring booth, borrow-a-cephalopod.
Doom or Wolvenstein?
sexy fart art...
SO MUCH HEALTH
A SECRET IS REVEALED
Dem secrets
what the hey
Wolfenstain =.the game that teaches you hitler used.to be a robot
what the hay indeed.
Is this the free online version
mitamaking: DOOM!
Unrelated: Houdini Splicers
Pearly: It's better! I like it.:)
Should not exist
Period.
8)
Keep this between us, okay? (above his head, a fifty ruppee piece)
To be honest, it seems that going through a Low Poly environment for a long time tends to give me motion sickness.
dat music
Freeze.
anypony ever see "nazis at the center of the earth?" XD
Reikim use ice
fun fact
never found the 2nd secret on this map
Who streaming?
or set them on fire that works too
Wrek ^^
mitamaking: Wrek.
mitamaking: Wrek
kay
@Wrek is a gaming god
Alot of bullets worked as well.
those pings
Wrek: I have found maybe like 6 secrets in ALL the DOOM games :D
dem pings
yeah
stupid pings
Seeeeeecrets.
Wrek: ping lag test
I'm the S to the H-A-D-O-W Quill, and darn it if I don't have some sweet art skill. I'm Shadowlicious.
They're just
Whoa, lots of lag
Damn creepy
does simply saying Wrek cause a ping?
jesus
man that is a lot of lag
20 seconds
Yes ^^
Who is Doomguy? Most deffinetly Wrek.
Rex_Mundi: Eeyup
Oh, Rex_Mundi, no need to put the @ or % at the beginning of the mod's names ^_^ just type their names and they'll hear the ping
it that just for me or everyone?
So Chuck Norris hangs a picture of Doom Guy on his wall who hangs a picture of Wrek on his wall for inspiration.
Its for everyone
You think they're creepy? Have you ever even seen the spider splicers?
AJIsAwesome: lol
otakon: I hear the pings.
wait what are the pings for now
AJIsAwesome: Yep
VenHur: we arent watching gameplay, this is a live feed off of his helmet :D
the pings are like 5 seconds delayed
SMOOTH
NIce
which means, there is alot of lag
ded
AJIsAwesome: no not the sound, the lenght of time before the ping goes
Spider splicers I can deal with.
well there's your problem
/me shudders.
Wrek lol
Or I can now that I've got a shotgun that explodes things.
I'm K to the A to the N D A. And... uh, I regret doing this as I type it. I'm Kandalicious
13my forehead ist tingling.... either i have become harriette potter or the sunburn is finally catching up with me
Houdini Splicers? Friggin' warp spam.
lol
Shizuka: if only the first was true
They are everywhere and nowhere.
Shizuka: i go with Potter
damn
oni_link|backup: Wrek is carrying a LOT of Phoenix Downs.:D
I hope it's Harriette Potter
Harry Potty
You can try to hit them, but they'll just turn to red mist and disappear
Voices everywhere
Shizuka: It's Vodemort, he is killing
Shizuka: Potter.
Shizuka is best Harriette Potter
^^
AJIsAwesome: AJIsAwesome his suit is made of em :D
*Hagris voice* Yer a wizard Shizu
The only thing worse is, admittedly, when a spider splicer drops on your head.
Yay, staying home because your sick is the only good part of being sick. haha screw jobcorps, I get to talk to you guys about ponies!:D
mitamaking: LORD MOLDYBUTT!
Sketch_Toku_Brony: lol
Oh, and if you kill spider splicers, make sure to eat their heart to gain their courage, their rich, tasty courage.
Shizuka: either way, apply lotion regularly :p
^
I miss the mugglenet chatroom
Rex_Mundi: thats the spirit
lol yes AJIsAwesome
Tbh very little is actually creepy in Bioshock once you start bashing things with a wrench.
Sketch_Toku_Brony: It's Hagrid
im bored
oh :$
Rex_Mundi: :D best story today yet
doom guy should be in mortal kombat
im the R to the O to the B-O-T-D-R-A-G-O-N-9 and my maximal worth is probably just a dime. im robotlicious
I love talking to sick people about ponies.
that
sounds ood
*odd
I sibscribe to Rarity's opinion, licious is overdone
houdini splicers 1 bullet to the head and ded
mitamaking: Indeed
:/
AJIsAwesome: :D
Unless we can get an AJ one
man Arch-Vile's are a BITCH
Striker aint got shit on Doom Guy
*feels bad for doing "licious"*
Im the c to the a to the c-h-i and im a hardcore gamer so fear me now? Im cachilicious..........
I finished a chapter on my story, yay i accomplished something!!!
I still love flutterlicious the most :3 shes so adorable
ikr^
katlicious?
robotdragon9: /)
I like Twillight's for being the first, and Flutter's for being the best, RD's and Rinkie's are fine too
TheKatPony: kittylicious
TheKatPony: hello, im sick and because of that I dont have to go back to a place that i have to live at during the week with no access to ponies.
also wait till you play bioshock 2 and fight Brute Splicers
oni_link: (\
08,01http://www.bronyuk.org/placeholder/
Or save yourself the time and don't play Bioshock 2.
I'm the N to the O to C-T-U-R-N, an aint no pony else like me that is full of win...I'm Nocturnlicious *wink*
Rex_Mundi: I feel you, I have to go to that place tomorrow.
08,01someone give me some feedback on how that looks, please
08,01before i make it live
BAck from mah shower
my hair smells good today, I like my new shampoo :P
13http://i.imgur.com/qYTV9.jpg hmmmmmmm
i feel like what i am... a dirty animal =)
TheKatPony: Do you go to Jobcorps too, or is this a different place?
What's wrong with the second?
Getting off of mIRC guys, getting onto my phone. BRB
k PillowPoni
Shizuka: Oh snap, it is.
it does sort of look like the meet the pyro place
true it's not as good as one but the multiplayer was fun
except there's no big open entrance
k PillowPoni
SPY! SHIZU
Multiplayer.
cachi01|mobile: lol wut?? :D
Shizuka meet the pyro map?
Shizuka: Also, Captain Pants is best pony.
Though the link to the 2012 site is broken
Meanwhile!
I wonder what i should do now?
Multiplayer...sounds kind of counter to the very idea of Bioshock.
MAYOS ONLINE
LadyCanary. <3
^^
You should watch Wrek play Doom.
I'm V to the to E to the N to the H-U-R, and nopony gonna' be epic just like me, cause i'm VENLICIOUS!
Is Krastos the gluemaker the final boss?
13comment in the reddit thread suggests decoy might be the map instead, as there's a locked barn that the medic was stuck in
like you are currently doing.
TheKatPony, I'm doing that
shes alive lol
And I'm back
i have the "aliens trilogy" game thats basically a clone of this. i want to finish it but im stuck on a VERY vague level
PillowPoni: Welcome back!
Im the.... oh forget it >.>
Welcome back.
ehh was not very well done anyway but it was fun
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Comic: Veggie's Farewell
Ooj i know one! Im the C to the A to the C H and the I and im really hungry so feed me right now IM CACHILICIOUS!
Im bored
^ ^ me too
that hurts my brain
o.e
08,01so i just watched Meet the Pyro
08,01and i came.
Lol
xD
lol
08,01Dken2021: yes
We'll miss you, Veggie55.......:(
but it's been out since june
is it me or do most of the bronies i know play team fortress?.....inb4 "yes"
i think he will be back in a few months but who knows
YOU DO? -_-
robotdragon9: not just you lol
this backup need to hurry up!
WalkerPony89: the Rock called managing BUCK
i dont play it. im too lazy to get online connection
Veggie?
Wow veggie55.....
Damn
Oh, Veggie!
I will missed his comics
Unnr: THAT busy though? For 2 months?
Well, he produced a lot of artwork. Best to let him be now.
Miss*
http://i.imgur.com/LIJWD.jpg
aww veggie :(
BRB, snack run!
=(.....u know.....those red monsters were kinda cute....
Hi DarkStar
is the stream derping?
A little bit ^^
Who are you?
ESFP or ENFP
cachi01|mobile: wait, did he stop doin comics?
Real life why you must claim a lot of good artist!
I'm ISFJ :3c
o.o
08,01WalkerPony89: the BUCK rock
School i think
WalkerPony89: You would be amazed how much work goes into running a convention, especially a first year one
Aww...Veggie...
*sniff* ...
Because
Because life that's why.
Shit, brb
noooo Veggie...you shall be missed *sniffle*
...Hm. Or not.
iNFP
"LETS ROOOOOCCCKKK!!!!!!!"
Thought for a moment I'd reset my computer.
Yes, let's.
*rocks*
CrimsonPheonix no rarity :/
hmm.... i came to a conclusion. they nee to make MLP Pop Tarts. think about it, Pinkie Pie Pop Tarts! thats really fun to say :P
*need
Pinkie Pie Pop Tarts?
Lol
Amazing.
:)
oni_link|backup: But I don't want to eat Pinkie Pie.....:(
now im hungry
I have my plushies, so im happy
READ IT AND STOP HATING RARITY
AJIsAwesome: they wont be her, theyll just like have her endorsement on them :)
cachi01|moblie, Rarity is second best pony
people hate rarity?
cachi01|mobile: To be honest, I never hated Rarity. I don't know why people hate any of the mane 6.
I have a Luna plushie :)
cachi01|mobile: Yeah... I think I'll keep sippin' on mah Hatorade
I have a lyra plushie
/me wishes he had a plushie.........but they're so expensive.
who can hate rarity, she is so awesome!
:3
TheKatPony, I have Twilight and Pinkie Pie plushies
i dont hate any CHARACTERS come to think of it.....
Yes THAT plushie
cachi01|mobile: (I'm kidding FYI)
so any stream right now?
I got them for 15 dollars each
oni_link|backup, it would take an agreement between Hasbro and Kelloggs, but it can be done.
Dovah: Yes. Wrek is.
cachi01|mobile: Dafuq did you get one of those?
13http://fav.me/d5cn4bd
13i want one
Kandarihu: it should!
Lol no
I don't hate any character either :)
I dont have the.money
AJIsAwesome: them i must refresh
But if i had i would..
Shizuka so much kawaii!!!
shes getting better internet in 3 days so hopefully she'll come talk on here more often lol
Shizuka: me too!
I want one, so I can set it on fire.
Yay
lol Meanwhile
that's not nice
Should i play TF2, im bored of my usualy servers
personally, I think parasprites are cool. They just need tp stop reproducing so much :D
Neither am I.
*to
Yeah, I liked the parasprites too.
08,01WalkerPony89: what news?
Parasprites are lile gremlins.
while krogans cant reproduce ENOUGH...
Meanwhile: but we all know you LOVE Trixie in all her forms :P
BUT DEADLY
My Little Parasprite: Friendship is nomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnom
lol Kandarihu
(well, that was a nightmare) /me checks in here
we're gonna make her play lsd XD
om nom
My small coloured equine: comaraderie is illusion
I nommed on some strawberry poptarts , they were yummy :3
Lol
Id get one just because its adorable. And I don't have a parasprite among my pony toys
THey should make a Meet The Administrator video.
*They*
I haven't played much lsd since I started playing sims again
^
08,01WalkerPony89: i just watched it
you up mate
those sreaming gremilin things remind me of greyjacks from "resistance : fall of man".......i F*CKING HATE THOSE THINGS:'(
say that in a british accent
also, I think Ill backup my laptop while i sleep.
robotdragon9 lol ikr
it stopped because i ran out of memory in my partition :[
08,01WalkerPony89: and?
lol
08,01WalkerPony89: i'm sorry that i don't have a mental link-up directly to valve's youtube channel
this is the longest continueus stream of one the I have ever seen.
^^
Pen
Dovah: That's because Wrek is best pony.
He's been doing this for hours lol
these monsters are ruining this country!
yay i'm not disconected from the server anymore!
*sigh*
i'm just not a TF2 fan myself
Wrek is in gaming mode, this is like playing the legond of zelda at college in the 80s, or so I imagine it is like that. me being an 90s kid and all. (age 22)
14
Im 14
*15
08,01WalkerPony89: lucky you. us mere mortals just have to come by information as we find it.
disconected again
I wish they still made Nintendo cereal.....:(
are those a bunch of crangs from TMNT?
robotdragon9: yes...yes they are lol
wasn't that cereal disgusting?
robotdragon9: That's what I thought!:D
:D
so much death!
just another day in hell
Pretty much ^^
Did anyone here ever try the cinnamon version of Frosted Flakes? It was a red box with Tony the Tiger on it, but I forgot what it was titled.
No, I never did.
AJIsAwesome I kinda remeber that
AJIsAwesome: dont think so
08,01WalkerPony89: whatever esteem i hold you in couldn't possibly match up to that in which you hold yourself.
They looked awful.
AJIsAwesome: Tony´s Cinnamon Crunchers
I remember the cereal cereaks
i'm bored .... anyone wants to play tf2 ?
Unnr: YES! THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!
THATS WHAT THEY WERE CALLED
is it bad that this game is inducing disturbing flashbacks?
lol
hehe
Which had little marshmellow cereal boxes
Unnr: I was ADDICTED to that cereal as a kid.
robotdragon9: how so?
Nah
I'm going to get on with my writing.
I think...Veggie's comic helped.
08,01WalkerPony89: yes, you do.
I love capt'n crunch penut butter, but the regualr cereal messes up my mouth so hard
00,10never seen doom like this before.
Funny how that works, huh?
NocturnalBlade : im joking....implying i was in such a situation lol
DOes anyone remeber that ONE commercial where Lucky actually gave the kids the cereal?
robotdragon9: oh lol XD
mod Sumica
AJIsAwesome: YES XD
Sumi!! :D
00,10Figured as much
/me hugs LadyCanary
As a kid, I liked Crispix and honey bunches of oats.
Hey does anyone know where to get pony plushies for a cheap price?
^_^
Allo Sumica.
Lucky Charms. That's all.
Greatings Sumica!
someone rang?
anything with chocolate lol
Welp! Im going to bed ;3; Early day in school....wah. Goodnight ya'll. And thanks for kicking ass as always Wrek <3
Hi Sumica
nite LadyCanary
Bye everypony :'(
Night LadyCanary
AwesomeSauce I think your best bet is to find one that isn't known on ebay
bye CCCP
goodnight LadyCanary
sugar for breakfast?
Night LadyCanary
night CCCP
Bye CCCP
bye CCCP
Happy Days in Hell, Doomguy walking over a patch of dead flowers...
night CCCP and LadyCanary
Dken2021 Thanks for the tip
nighty CCCP
Yup, it's a lovely day.
night LadyCanary
nite LadyCanary and CCCP
phew
Dont let the changlings bite
that was fun
i guess
are you done?
I felt bad for the Trix rabbit. he was like a Greek tragedy. Everytime he gets so close to the cereal and the kids had to be dicks about it. I remember one time where the rabbit almost won by disguising himself as a human, but he didn't have any milk.:(
Wrek: that looked fun lol
oh you're leaving LadyCanary? ok gnight ^_^
/me hugs LadyCanary
LadyCanary: Night!
my desktop is chrysalis silhouette
Poor Trix rabbit
nighty LadyCanary
night LadyCanary sleep well
suddenly i realized how tired i was
Wrek: thanks for the Doom Stream mate
My desktop is Luna with a Minecraft pickaxe lol
Thankee<3
like
the second i quit
11,01I think there was a commercial where the Trix rabbit got the trix.
i could fall asleep standign at this rate
Thanks for the awesome stream, Wrek
That was an epic gaming session
11,01Night LadyCanary
Night LadyCanary :)
/me gives everypony cookies and tea
Thanks for streaming Wrek
Wrek: thanks so much :)
Nittany_Discord: He did, he didn't have any milk to go with it.
Sweet stream wrek
/me 13covers canary canary with a warm blanket~<3
Wrek: Thank you!
<3 wub
Wrek thx for that awesome doom stream :)
wonder if the rabbit and that wolf from cookie crisp should team up
They should ^^
i keep hearing pings
thanks Pearly *noms cookie*
Or the rabbit teaming up with the Lucky Charms guy
whoa dat tapdance
suddenly tapping
does anyone know why I keep getting disconected from the server?
Dat electroswing.
Is someone taking over the streem or is this still Wrek?
hehehehe
Dovah: no idea, maybe you're getting some kind of wifi issues
still me
Wrek: THE HELL IS THIS SONG?
Dovah stream or IRC?
still Wreky it seems
i jsut couldnt be arsed killign more demons
otakon: Electroswing.
Shizuka: do you have that googly eyes mask?
AJIsAwesome: http://us5.memecdn.com/The-injustice_o_53068.jpg
/me needs this song
TO YOUTUBE!
13googly eyes mask?
Unnr: both i think otakon is right cuz its my whole computer
Shamroc: that the Pyro has
Shizu does if I remember correctly
robotdragon9 neat
I remember seeing her wearing it
13the Sight for Sore Eyes ja
Wait a minute, Lucky always get away with the cereal, but the Trix Rabbit always FAILS at getting the cereal...connection much?
Dovah, are you using the light IRC client?
Spectrum_Rush: :D
its working now (for the time being)
thanks Dken2012
Unnr: huh?
lol
hahaha that heavy
Spectrum_Rush XDDDD
That's why they should team up! Lucky could teach the rabbit how to get the cereal!
No the actual song title
Wrek: what was that TF2 video just now?
dat hat :3
Hello pony/people, long time no see :)
Fluttershy!
olei
hiya Daygon
Daygon: Hello!
hai Daygon!
*head bobbing fluttershy*
that song
lol
hell Daygon
Hey Daygon
lol
don't do it
hey Daygon
Don't do it, Fluttershy.
hello*
oh nooooooo
oh dis vid
lol
DO IT
DO NOT DO IT
nononononononono
NO
don't do it Flutters
yea, don't search that, you will have a bad time
what is bad dragon
Baddragon is a site where... well...
NNNOOO!!!!!!!
:D
Dont do it
don't do it!!
Do it
NNNNNNOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!J J:VDS:H:GHH:GH:HHUUSRRW(O
FLUTTERSHY NO!!!!!!!!!
oh my
nonono
What vid??
AAAAAAHKSKJJHEIUSDOIUFIJKLV
LOL
spy
I DONT HAVE STREAM
lmao :D
HNNNNNNNNNNNG!
/me googles bad dragon
lol
WHICH VID?
don't do it!
FUUUUU
We need more SFM...WITH PONIES!
a'wwwww
DIABEETUS
more like heart exploding
You guys know what bad dragon is right?
critical cuteness!
Wait a minute... *light bulb* IDEAAA!!
he died of HHNNNNNNGGG
/me ded
WHICH ONE?
Rex_Mundi: sadly yes :'(
VenHur, it's inevitable
MY HAND
applejack
Rex_Mundi: Yep........:S
00,10apple brand sentrys
lol
Rex_Mundi: yea...*sigh* i do
again?
Dovah, never mind. If you look at the bottom right of the chat window, there should be a link that says switch to IRIS(ajax) You will have to actually /join to #bronystate, but it can be a bit more stable if the flash client keeps dropping your connection.
google safe search ftw
13otakon: http://backpack.tf/id/76561198009584412 sort by equipped and filter pyro
Wrek: have you seen Sonic Says and Bison's YESSSS redone in SFM? :D
WHAT IS BAD DRAGON?
FUUU
LIKE A BAUSS
wut
it's...erm...toys. Just toys. ehehe
cachi01|mobile, apparently it represents a shocksite.
cachi01|mobile: That which man was not meant to know
oni_link|backup: They actually have that?:D
why,hello everypony!
Pinkie Pie
JUST TELL.ME!
who are these by? theyre really good
god pinkie you scared me
Kandarihu, its more an... adult novelty site
cachi01|mobile: Toys that are...um... how do I put this?...
Ermmm
AJIsAwesome: yeah its by Waxination :D
Shizu why d'you still have a haunted metal scrap?
well im leavin now bye guys. :)
What did Pyro kill?
hey derpy
Oh hello Sumica
dammit
and sfm is abused
bye robotdragon9
seeya robotdragon9
Wrek: what is your yt again?
13never spent the refined to make the headtaker
perfect team of medic and fluttershy
bye robotdragon9 take care
stream id ded,yes?
Rex_Mundi...... Toys?........ R34 toys....
hai TheKatPony :3
Dabuq
bai
How many refined is that?
DAT EARTHBOUND MUSIC
gotam :D
Mother of engineer
13i think it's the haunted plus like two refined and the scotsman skullcutter?
Wrek: nvm
cachi01|mobile: just Google it.
lol Twilight
derpy
Oh hello Trixie
Ok....
hello inferior music
and trixie getting drunk lol
Lol Twilight.
Trixie B drunk
You got a spare Skullcutter Shizu?
NocturnalBlade, you are very welcome
:D
CARNIVORE
Time to play some Mario Kart 7
LOL
xD
13i have one but don't use it
lol
Shizuka sharpened volcano fragment "Her Burning embrace"
:D LOL FOR THE SECOND TIME
lol rarities face
name all the items
13TheGreatAndPowerfulT: i would but embrace i already use for detonator, and i hardly ever use the volcano axe
lol that was a good one
13only time i would would be degroot keep but i go demoknight for that like everypony else
:p
Demorai
13need something good for the company man
11,02Dat magenta text
looks more pink then magenta
lol
Well, if you wanna be a smarty about it
Not the hat!!
ouch!
hehehe
Born
michael rosen :D
wonder which hat that was
I once lost my hat that friday, but then I took an arrow to the forehead.
green screen!
Watching born with the door open
lmao :D
Bad dragon......
Wtf
lol
michal rosen said okey doki loki
well that happened
00,10oh FFS, they have made a 4th starship troopers movie
haha
i must watch
O.o
13they made a second and third? o.O
00,10yeah
0_o
cachi01|mobile: you googled it?
I didn't know there was even a second
00,104th is a direct to dvd
that leg disturbs me
0,14haven't they all been direct to dvd?
that figures
Rex_Mundi weirdest shop ever......
lol
Dead.
00,104th movie forgot what kind of movie it was halfway through and became a slasher flic
dayum
13i think i want to use my last name tag on the phlog but dunno yet what to call it
I should take this chat to the morgue already.
how does stuff stick to their hooves?? i still cant grasp that :D
13ded
hooves are magic
Deeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaad.
lol
13i wish postal pummeler came in strange
Alive?
00,102 and 3 I saw on Showtime.
Nope, I just got a paramedic in.
13schrodinger's chat
0_o lol
Most of the people who used to use it now use the skype group.
Pronounced it dead at 23:35:31, 26th of August.
13i wanna go back to smacking people with a mailbox~
What a shame
There's a Skype group now?
dafuq...
13what a terrible way to go..
chat messed up, back now
whats this called
13ja what is this about a skype group
Addendum: who used to use it?
13i am still cool :<
00,10I thought every thing came in strange
FIRST VIDEO
what was the song in the first video
what happened i was gone
seriously
meh i don't like skype but that's because i don't talk
whats this video called
There's been a skype group for a while....
Erm...
hmm...
Medic? Are you ok?
I don't know and I think Wrek fell asleep
medic
oooookay
I dont use Skype becuz my headphone mic is awful :D
plus this isn't on his playlists
I don't use Skype because...
Oookay...that last one was creepy...
Huh
like a bauss
Buffer
well this is new
I can't think of a real reason other than personal awkwardness.
auuuuugh
00,10damn buffer
buffering like a co worker
buffer indeed
Anyway, Skype group, what
he went offline I think
there it goes
lol
Buffer over here!
so... you wouldn't belive this, but TF2 has an actual story
^^^
0,14actually, we don't really have calls that often
LOL
lol
:o
Wait, IT DOES?!
lol
xD
yea, surprised as you are
00,10hahaha
Derp
XD
oh shir XD
DAYUM
it's not funny if it's actual gameplay
wah
I'm kind of disappointed. Here I thought I was finally one of the cool kids, and now I find out it was a ruse all along.
vintage flare gun 16.5 refined wtf
lol
XD
LOL!
LOL
/me cant breath
lol
XD
Meh, even if i were to enter a call, my younger brother wouldnt shut up long enough for me to have even a short convo =_(\
It's funny because it's true.
that was me earlier when playing as the Engi
Spy
spy
LOL!
hehehe
so much win
this is hilarious
So then...what are we?
rebuff
Pretty much
00,10decoy in a nutshell
and thats it for me for tonight
The dregs of what used to be Regs or something?
wait
buffer
This video speaks the truth
The Dregs of Regs.
totally Sumica
Nice ring to that.
i can do 1 more vid
thanks Wrek but WHAT was that first video title?
Reg dreg.
I guess so :(
buffering
Well, you are. I use the skype group.
Wrek: please say the first video title, with the tapping intor
Wrek: do sonic says in SFM!
Lol
otakon: it was...
bloop?
You use both.
Inb4 otakick
lol
Evidence: you are here.
scout is a turtle
JESUS SCOUT GOING DOWN THA SLOPE!
Saying I use both is fairly redundant.
dat custom UI
XD
Pyrous by 69Starmix96
thanks man
Since I stated that I use the skype one in /here/
omg LOL
LOL
Meanwhile just feels bad for us still in here, so he chats in here too :D
this is funny?
So this room is slowly dying. Or has been, long before I ever got here.
lol
Indeed.
xD
13ded
Don't know if this is disturbing...or hilariously awesome.
13maybe it will live again once the season kicks in and we have zillions of viewers
Rex_Mundi: not so much funny as absurd. For some it's one in the same.
Maybe i just love comentaters
Yeah
Rex_Mundi: Everyone has different tastes.
Erm
but yea, the two teams, red and blue, are mercenaries hired from two fighting brothers
...Well, whatever, I kind of like it like this.
LOL
13you remember the stats from the finale right?
TheKatPony: i do too :P
that's the jist of it really
It's not stupidly busy like manechat, it's not annoying, and when it does kick it's amusing.
LOL
Lolwut
13at least for our site, we had 15,000 unique visitors and over 75,000 hits in half an hour
Wat
0,14to summarize
I have no idea. I was in London during the finale.
0,14shit was crazy
And I can also rant to myself for as long as I want here and pretend people are listening.
GO JESUS
lol
I just refresh my EQD tab
lol
Veggie is gone
I'm listening.
Yep :(
wat? :(
Halfways.
DerpyMuffins: OH GOD THE HUMANITY!
:P
Sad to see him go
VenHur; XD
Hey, whatever, it beats talking to myself. I get a lot less weird looks.
DerpyMuffins: IKR?:(
omg LOL
13oh that's why i kept seeing pyros using powerjack for mvm
13not much downside if you balance with health regen
Heh.
Hey the trade thingy on steam works for in game stuff too doesn't it?
00,10for the tanks Shizuka?
but yeah, i do like when the caht is slow like this.
so
Trade thingy?
Like main chat in the mornings (where i live/East Coast)
albino turtle
Caravan Palace - Bambous the song from that one video
13powerjack is 75% hp on kill, but 20% extra damage from melee while it's out
Meanwhile yep
thanks again for the stream Wrek
Health on kill is probably the most valuable upgrade a pyro can get in MvM
75, not 75%
Wrek: Thank you!
Meanwhile well just with some games
Well it's trade basically but my particular brand of speech means I must add the word "thingy"
that and resistances
That was funny. Thanks for the stream Wrek :)
13sorry +75
again thanks Wrek
900 dmg a hit on the supers
00,10oh btw Shizuka, I found out the tanks have thinner armor in the back
Or something else that vaguely translates as "brit slang"
Wrek: like yourself :D
Is the stream over?
You only just figured that out Sumica?
Tanks are Turtles
yes im goign to bed now
its 5:45
am
13i think i might have noticed that but not sure
00,10yeah Meanwhile
and i should rest
and thanks for the stream Wrek :)
1336 vs 32 damage per flame hit
nite Wrek
realyl hope you enjoyed the doom gameplay!
See ya guys tomorrow :) got locust to kill, balloons to pop, and fanfics to read. GOOD BYE ;)
i had a fun nostalgia trip myself
Thanks for the steam Wrek.
oh , thanks for stream Wreky
13usually by then i'm just circlestrafing it to keep from getting tunnel vision
bye Daygon
been ages since i jsut blasted demons
I was under the impression that was general knowledge.
I mean stream.
Thank you Wrek, for being Wrek.
seeya Daygon
Oh nuts, stream just end?
yep
Good night everyone
Yeah.
night Daygon :)
so did he win?
he sure did
Kind of wish we had RAWRity and otakon back in here now. They were always good for a laugh.
Evening Ponies.... and OH CRAP I missed the stream
Thanks for the ALMOST ALL DAY for me atleast stream Wrek :P
lol evening Paladin
Oh nuts, I came in JUST as the stream ended? Dang :(
otakon is mostly in skype and RAWRity is MIA.
/me 13sticks a cookie in wrek's mouth
PaladinDrakkenwolf: you missed 5+ hours of DOOM
Win wha-Ooh, y'mean Brutal DOOM? I dunno.
/me noms on cookie
Oh so that's where he went?
Wrek: the original?
Aye.
yes
with the brutal mod
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
ask the others what they though of it
Aww :(
Does he get the same amount of crap over there?
thought*
nite Darkts3|Trader|MLG2
0,14Heh
lawl
Darkts3|Trader|MLG2: Night!
Oh, good night, Darkts3!
Yes.
btw Reikim, im guilty for this skype group
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3AoWDM8uLk
Dang I missed him xS
0,14and ScootaChicken
yuhuh
All is well.
here's that TF2 story http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utdvpAGMJss
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qW_kqvhNR3U&feature=BFa&list=PL297445C6A3381D39
Oh well, I'm watching something else right now anyway
13and then come the youtube links
It is not your fault that this Skype group exists.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mRKSRY88Zs&feature=plcp
It is the fault of fate.
yup, endless link from here on out
Clearly the hand of fate dictated the group's existence.
I won't be talkative right now
Black Dynamite
eeyup
Spademagnes[R]: Thank you, I wanted to be forced to play KH again
As lobby became BState Regs, so shall Regs become...whatever you call the group.
either way, its where /most/ regs are when theyre not in IRC
BLACK DYNAMITE IS SAVING MR.T
Malk: I love Black Dynamite
13so.. i've been keeping a diary for almost a year now which is totally a new record for me... all year i have never been asleep before midnight... i am so tired i'm afraid i'm about to break that pattern
13and i hate breaking patterns
I found that last video :D
:3
ITS ON RIGHT NOW
Shizu, it's ten minutes
didn't black dynamite play here once?
If you need us to we will consta-ping you to keep you up
hey there AJIsAwesome welcomeback
well... I'm gonna go watch some Minecraft vids
Malk: I KNOW RIIIGHT
/me has nothing to do, is starting to overthink existence and stuff
Pearly: Thanks.
You watching PillowPoni?
Malk; I also have it on DVD
i'll be playing LoL
13it's only 10:49
13still an hour for me
Malk; yep
me too
/me pings Shizuka
0,14...I'll trade you time zones
Bronies, what are your opinions of the Arabic dub!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_p6yTE1kUmo
you need an adrenaline rush...
13and this is me after having had a giant mountain dew earlier today...
Gonna do that every five minutes, on the dot, just to check that you're still alive.
13heat and wandering around had just killed me...
SaxyPretender is cold where you live ?
0,14well, I live in NYC
0,14so sometimes
0,14the cold air this morning was messing up my stomach
no snow this year though
You werent in the vietnam you dont understand the vietnam
0,14I KNOW
0,14IT SUCKED
Man stupid school, I need to head off soon
Except during FUCKING HALLOWEEN
Had great time playing doom for you, but for reals its time for bed
xD
it's 28°C with 75% humidity i'll trade places with you
How cold was it over there, Saxy?
gnight
...
13wreeeeek go sleep
sweet dreams
Sleep tight Wrek. Dream of ponies
Wrek: Thank you.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9BOjAHud4c&feature=relmfu
Thanks Wrek
night wrek
it generally gets to 30s-40s in the winter
Rex_Mundi: It's good.
Fahrenheit?
at least where im at in New York
yeah
What's that in Celsius?
Night Wrek, thanks for streaming
Spademagnes[R]: oh this theme >.>
13a thousand
1332F is 0C so
Lies, I know it's lower than that
Night Wrek
Or Morning
like, anywhere from 0-6?
0,14...
Wait, what
Wimp
0,14TWITTEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEER
13ikr
methinks?
0C
would you guys reccomend Dream Drop Distance?
Absolutely nothing.
I liked it
13i don't put on a jacket until 30-40F
thats a given
13even then i don't go into bundle up mode until it's closer to like 10F
/me has been known to be out in the snow without a jacket on
PillowPoni Barbaque
Try -20C and see how cold really is.
ive gone shirtless in 5F
i played it a bit, it was significantly harder Spademagnes[R]
Then try -30C and feel your brain freezing.
13i think this past winter it almost broke -20F
13which is
oni_link you didnt remind me
Malk: DYNAMITE DYNAMITE
13-28C
anyone heard of that TWEWY iOS port?
MR.T
13it was well below 0F for most of january
Malk: I just saw you right now!
So it was a mid-Canadian winter.
heh, -40F = -40C
you want barbaque sause PillowPoni?
Yes, the Fahrenheit scale is notoriously strange.
0,14http://sphotos-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/1727_56418046100_3520_n.jpg
hows the progress so far Malk ?
no ones streaming, right? o.o
ok I think I got my internet fix (for now)
fixed*
TheKatPony: nope
At least Celsius makes sense, I mean, they found something and made a measurement.
Saxy geting super'd by Frost
13despite all the arguments for metrication of temperature, i'll keep fahrenheit for everyday use
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLVuM140HbI
13you don't need decimal points for it
Does anyone else here read that My Little Caboose: Blue is magic fanfic? I like it
Idk oni_link
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rV_0n5gp1fE&feature=bf_next&list=FLPN5DjWyWmPMRIRo4tnD6gw
Am I the only one who doesn't like Tron?
13a single degree fahrenheit is more granular than a single degree celsius
AJIsAwesome: I liked it
so yes
Oh hey, another stoner Saxy
13for science, sure, you had better be using a scale calibrated to stuff you'll actually use, like water
AJIsAwesome: No, you're not
AJIsAwesome: never seen it but it doesnt look all that apealing to me
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M2s9GH1HZKA&list=PL297445C6A3381D39&index=36&feature=plpp_video Tron world!
dont even get us started on Kelvin...
Also you don't need decimals for Celsius everyday use.
Personally I'm content to say "It's cold" or "It's warm" or "My face is melting" for temperature related issues.
Hell, I get along just fine without decimals.
0,14I'm not that stoner looking ;_________;
hey grew a hair
dude wheres my jacket
he
And if you can't work in decimals you're slow.
lel
Also yes Saxy you look stoned.
mitamaking: It's okay. But Disney keeps shoving it down our throats. I wasn't interested in the movie to see it.
0,14LIES
OH I know ^^
you havent seen stoned until Meanwhile links that pic
13only place we use decimals in fahrenheit tends to be when checking fever temperature
I haven't seen Legacy, I was talking about the original
which i know he will
BLACK DYNAMITE THE MOVIE
I'd have linked it already but the site is slow.
13cause that extra 0.1 degree fahrenheit is the difference between getting out of school and going while feeling ill
Malk: they showin the black dynamite movie next Sunday at 1130. ALL MY MONEEEEEYYY
Meanwhile: but i knew you were in the process of doing so :3
http://i.imgur.com/c3prC.jpg
As opposed to Black Dynamite the cereal
see?
0,14ah there we go
lol
I left for a little bit, what are we talking about? :o
THATS Saxy stoned
What's the premise of Black Dynamite?
I Just said that PillowPoni
Lolwut!?
Stream Sonic Genesis for luls
Well of course I was. Saxy's state of mental hallucination was called into question.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVXGKfxWAI4&list=FLPN5DjWyWmPMRIRo4tnD6gw&index=9&feature=plpp_video
lol hi RaveBrony
http://www.bronystate.net/paintchat/signed.html go there I drew a rainbow dash with a mouse
nice time to come back into the convo XD
0,14I prefer this one: http://sphotos-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-snc6/251947_10150943454517312_1143719464_n.jpg
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y1ErZiH_G8E&feature=BFa&list=PL297445C6A3381D39 I still love this Final Mix track
man, now I feel stupid for selling both KHI and II to gamestop, I want to play them again ;_;
All the Saxy pics
Still the best trailer a game ever had
Yeah that one has a more baked look to it.
/me Looks around
/me Puts on headphones
/me slaps Dken2021
So much stoned Saxy
0,14especially considering I'm trying to scoop jello shots with an orange peel
will there be another stream
/me deserves that slap
/me Listens to music and waits for the next stream
Athgaar: Yes.
Still dont know who's harder, Lingering Will or Mysterious Figure from BBS
O_o
Ponies47: Exactly what i'm doing lol
Sorry, Saxy, but you really do have this weird ability for looking stoned.
It'd be better if you were trying to scoop orange with a bit of jello.
I need to get BbS, curse you only being on the PSP
first time i hear lux taunt/joke etc i'm buying her next
08,01my god, i just found the filly chrysalis tumblr
0,14yeah, that's been happening for me as of late
08,01i think just died of squee
Are you a stoner, SaxyPretender??
0,14I am not
He's not
08,01all my hnnnng: http://fillyqueenchrysalis.tumblr.com/post/24696433639/we-could-play-hide-and-seek-and-tag-and-have
He hates stoners
0,14I just look the part
Pantchat dosn't work for me
/me is strangely reminded of https://dl.dropbox.com/u/54493344/Ferris%20imgur.png
Ok good.
Hey everypony I had my Highschool Graduation yesterday
So do i :'(
Hey guys, check this out!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MtfrFGwhaic&feature=plcp
Did they ever make Paintchat work?
Not sure ^^
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iz3jvWwCwC8&feature=BFa&list=PL297445C6A3381D39 I loved this world select track
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Story: What's in a Name
0,14though tbh, I think I'm the mod that's the most okay with sharing pics
Ive had a cop come up to me on a sidewalk and ask if i saw high ...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXdTE1YiSs8&feature=bf_next&list=FLPN5DjWyWmPMRIRo4tnD6gw any love their mechas doing dances?
*was
._.
and now apperently I am going to read a filly chrysalis tumblr while listening to badass music.. huh
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1Q2ieEtkuM&feature=relmfu
next to Scoots, who shared the bronycon albumn
Where did he go?
Ironic SaxyPretender given that half your images come out like this. http://i.imgur.com/yFoUl.jpg
Damn, my dark eyes, causing my pupils to look huge
0,14XD
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JdXkxBuK5Y&feature=plcp
It's still the 26th here ^_^
Kaldeo is out, to Gamestop tommorow
im okay with sharing pics, but only when its appropriate
I wish I could get Keldeo :(
I don't live anywhere near a Gamestop
Now if only we could get the robot
The odd part is a lot of people who seem like stoners...aren't actually stoners.
Sigh
Is when someone else is doing it appropriate?
idk
maybe
Back to Kingdom Hearts http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOSNIIx5u_U&feature=bf_next&list=FLPN5DjWyWmPMRIRo4tnD6gw
http://i.imgur.com/dSv0s.png I should update that. Since I have more hair now and my beard is thinner.
We still have to wait for Gamestop to open today though.
Especially among the artists. Very few of them actually do suspicious materials. Which is actually scarier, because it means they're naturally fucked in the head.
otakon: shut up and take my money
Marx, I can live that long
whys it always gots to be gamestop, for the love of god i like for once to beable to get my pokes with out being stared at
I'm never gonna get Keldeo....
oni_link|backup: I didn't make it, also hilarious
Spectrum_Rush: Amazon
I have to go to sleep now.
night Rex_Mundi sleep well
nite Rex_Mundi
And yet, at the same time, a lot of stoners actually seem like regular folks.
haha , that was my initial reaction :D
night Rex_Mundi
Unrelated: damn Meanwhile, that moustache.
otakon: ya cant amazon a wireless event pokemon
oh
I should be going to sleep too :3
well boo hoo
youve never seen his Glorious stache?
:P
awww nite TheKatPony
or the rage beard of otakon?
night TheKatPony
I'm not going too XD
And no one is ever gonna trade me one...
Fuuuck
Night TheKatPony
oh nevermind then TheKatPony
I should be, but i'm not gonna.
I've seen the stache, but it amazes me every time.
otakon take my car
When I went to London I had people ask me for pictures purely for moustache sake.
lol
XD
And otakon's beard...actually, I've only seen him beardless.
the dino's name is Rappy
I want dinosaurs
Potatokon.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iojKvKKUTZY&feature=relmfu
http://i.imgur.com/F4pAP.jpg
11,02I WANT DINOSAURS NOW
Oh yeeeaaah
https://dl.dropbox.com/u/54493344/DJ%20Fedex.png
A little info on Keldeo: He is the fourth member of the Coballion/Virizion/Terrakion group, and features his own move, Secret Sword, an attack not even the other 3 can learn!
The chance of me getting Keldeo is slim to none
oh my god
Only time ive seen Meanwhile was on the stream :D
that last video is hilarious
That 'Ask the mods' bit
oh yeaaaaah
He also looks very similar to a pony.
the goddamn glitchy pyro
and his mic didnt work
That was terribly embarrasing.
Fuck my mic I didn't even mean to be ther.
there*
Marx: That what makes me want it... God damn it...
lawl
I was messing with the options menu.
lol
Oh, thats why u left so suddenly.
At least I can still get my Robot Bug
soo magical ponies of the interwebs i need expert opinion on my minecraft house.
Pfft.
so, i guess while its still appropriate, https://www.facebook.com/images/spacer.gif
Oh hi SuperBrony64.
oh wait
fuck
I set my old wooden house a fire :3
that wasnt meant to be
Just cause I could.
good nigth everypony
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_bEWXs_FX4&feature=bf_next&list=FLPN5DjWyWmPMRIRo4tnD6gw Staying on the Disney theme
howabout this https://sphotos-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/304626_289580771148193_598657461_n.jpg
TheKatPony: lol this is my first house on survival so I want to know if I did good
nighty TheKatPony
night*
there we go
er.. TheKoreanBrony1354
I wanted to go on there, but I dar not reveal my face nor my voice to bronystate :D
night TheKoreanBrony1354
You have fresh prince ears.
night TheKoreanBrony1354 sleep well
Night TheKoreanBrony1354
night TheKoreanBrony1354
Nigfht TheKoreanBrony1354
also, Rappy is now my favorite dinosaur
*Night
TheKoreanBrony1354: Night!
...i do?
I would be so happy if I could be traded a Keldeo just for the pokedex entry
hugs Dken2021 Dov
I am a completionist nut
Also, looking at this image while Eternal Flame by the Bangles is playing is...weird.
hugs to everpony here
/me huggles TheKoreanBrony1354 back
0,14SWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAG
As for Keldeo's stats, he is a very powerful special fighter, making the special attack Secret Sword fit perfectly for him.
Lifejackets get bitches get money
...get more life jackets
Do you have a pic shirtless?
he's a BLOODY PONY
goddamn its the circle of lif
I have no recent picture of myself.... Since i moved i dont do much, so theres nothing to take a picture of :D
*life
eeyup
Meanwhile: lemme check
And I will never get him! Fucking hell
One of the best Disney songs in my opinion
I feel indifferent towards Keldeo since he can't learn Ice Beam
dammit where is the godzilla of the mix?
My eyes are all asdfghjkl
otakon: Charizard?
no
oh wait Tyranitar?
ohey if someone joined my server could they give me items?
a actual Dragon
yeah Tyranitar
that works
Everyone here is probaly going to get Keldeo except me
Best AMV ever: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tHZqxecCukg&feature=bf_next&list=FLPN5DjWyWmPMRIRo4tnD6gw
Spademagnes[R]: I probably won't be able to get it.
hey
Spademagnes[R]: I dont even know what Keldeo is :$
if I had my DS, I would've just used pokesav to save some time
Fuckign Gamestop events...
I'd have to walk to Gamestop to get Keldeo.
mitamaking: <3 princess tutu
how get keldeo?
Why cant it be via wifi
Bye everypony I got AP Enlgish homework that is due in 4 hours
Unnr: Have you ever seen the AMV?
I hardly go to gamestop as it is!
mitamaking: Yep!
bye DerpyMuffins
DerpyMuffins: Bye and gl!
So good
well seeya DerpyMuffins, good luck on that
Bye DerpyMuffins
Night DerpyMuffins, good luck!
Why am I seeing whitw spots all over the pkace
I have a habit of immediately disposing of any picture that get taken of myself.
At least we get Mew for free..
DerpyMuffins: Bye!
Bronystate must show Tutu
free mew?
It couples well with my habit of avoiding pics at any opportunity.
Spademagnes[R]: At least you got Mew.......
mitamaking: I love how it starts off all sugar and fluff
So you're the Tall Guy from SCP.
then goes O_O
Bronystate is Bronystate
There was a contest for a bracket it was close competion between Rayquaza and Mew
I think it's the Tall Guy anyway.
Ponies47: okay
so?
Mew won and will be available via wifi Sept 6
Dunno, I haven't browsed that in years.
And apperenty it gets a shirt too
Dang it why did Deoxys not win?
for merch
woot i get another mew then
How to get keldeo?
All I know is, pictures of myself are not good.
I'm having a hard time evern seeing my hands o_o
wait, people voted for rayquaza? geez, you get him like in 3 different situations, while mew was only available twice in pokemon history
Yes! Another chance to get Mew!
There's maybe one or two of me from the last two years or so.
I figured that inevitably I will have my picture taken, so I might as well try and look decent for them.
How did Dwoxys not win?
*Deoxys
Hence the eyebrow quirk.
The only legendaries I have yet to aquire are Celibi, Deyoxs...and i think thats it
I have a Jirachi
We have NEVER gotten him
I was just about to say, lol
mitamaking: Mew had less releases than Deoxys.
I have two darkarai
And the moustache quirk.
Looking forward to getting a new computer in about the next week or so. Been needing a new one for a while. Hope this one will be able to run TF2 good so I can play with the rest of you. :)
I think Deoxy is in Pokemon Ranger along with Manaphy
Darkrai would be nice too
Actually I've not been able to stop doing that for just about every face I pull for a decade.
mitamaking: We did. Pokemon Ranger.
...not any good ones on my computer
I had a celebi, then my friend restarted my soulslver
Darkrai was available for wifi
Seriously, it looks like you're mid-wriggle with that thing.
Once upon a time you see...
Awhile ago
I have Celebi, such an awesome event
Ponies47: did you decide if youre getting a laptop or desktop?
i still need a darkrai :|
I used to play a lot of Smackdown vs Raw games and wanted to make my eyebrow move like The Rock's.
I'm glad I got Celebi.
i want a mew :(
Wow, Dken. Don't know what to say to that...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XK7XwLbd-oI&feature=related And now cliché song everypony likes
:D
So I lay in bed wiggling my eyebrows for several hours until I got it.
I have a SHINY Ponta in Diamond Version...that's right, I got a SHINY Ponyta, your arguement is invalid.
I have a shiny groudon
Oh. You had to work at that?
Marx also had a shiny ditto too, but I lost that too ;_;
But now I can't help but do it for just about everything.
oni_link|backup: It's going to be...(pause for dramtic effect) A... (Zelda music here) DESKTOP!
I never really liked Mulan :/
It's a curse.
I had a shiny Wobuffet.:D
Exacta.
I have a shiny Butterfree.... in Crystal
The curse of the eyebrow.
dat stream
ooo
SuperBrony64: stream
dat SuperBrony64 stream
I can definitely feel some of your frustration Dken, and coinidentally enough, I have a shiny Ditto too.
11,02:D
Not a very imposing sounding curse is it.
and now Stream!
dat slight buzzing sound means its SB stream
Oh, hello XBOX 360... wait, this is new.
Didnt Japan get a shiny Rayquaza?
Crap, I have to defeat the huns first
hi SuperBrony64
But really, if your hair were a bit darker, you'd make a perfect Vetinari.
Oh hello SuperBrony64 stream :3
Ponies47: WHOO!!
11,02Ohai :3/
GOP live stream!!!! no don't
SuperBrony64: what we watchin?
Vetiwhoni?
The story behind Genesect is kind of sad
Let me guess who's streaming XD
Even N didnt want a pokemon made into a weapon
N was a wuss
SuperBrony64: So, what're we watching tonight? Doctor Who? Animaniacs?
whooo netflix
mitamaking: its a funnier song when you realize that Donny Osmond is singing it, also know as the guy that sang:: http://youtu.be/JMrcnqKSbw8
...
netfix?
..............
Genesect reminds me of the cyber armored Mewtwo from the anime.
I'm the only one here who's ever read Discworld aren't I.
hey Phase4 you there?
Hey N's heart was in the right place
Yes.
00,02Malk, yeah
Unnr: Jackie Chan sang it, your argument is invalid
oh hai Phase4
VenHur: Bratz.:D
What was the deal with that Cube thing N wore?
00,02ohai
Hi Tommy
Shame, it's the best satirical fantasy ever.
AJIsAwesome: OH HELL NAW!
Phase4 did you ever set up that teamspeak server?
Was distracted from my Doctor Who by the stream :O
00,02Malk, not yet
South Park? XD
O.o
YES!
SuperBrony64: can I add you on Xbox Live?
Wait, pick the Super Mario Bros Super...crap...
omg south park
Phase4 ok thanks
South Park is fine
/me stares back at RaveBrony
SuperBrony64: Make Love, Not Warcraft PLEASE?
Right, I'm going back to my show :P
Does anyone remember the time when MTV actualy showed music?
Dammit no laughing
11,02oni_link|backup: Go ahead :D
I'm ok with this XD
Oh boy.
abandon thread!
South park is alright
11,02otakon: After, okie? :3
The "Menger Sponge" cube N had?
SuperBrony64: okie :3
What is a Menger sponge?
Starvin Marvin, okay
Never could win a staring contest.
be a man
South park
God that intro
SuperBrony64: whooo thanks, Im silver ATM because my friends and I are gonna get the family plan but thanks, Ill add you in a bit
SuperBrony64, you are now my favorite mod
mysterious as the dark side of the....moon
speaking of weird designs, what is with that blue haird quiff thing with Coreless?
I want to play cards.
Done just in time
dat santa vs jesus
lol
they farted hahahaha
The Menger Sponge cube suits N since he's obsessed with math and formulas and such
Spademagnes[R]: splash
lol jabba
ITS JABBA THE HUT
oh shit XD
full house eh?
they are dieing :D
Why the fuck does splash even exist?
They should eat that women
Any game in mind?
^
11,02Eulshy: Yay \:D/
^^
lol
Poker. Or liars cards.
Eulshy: HUZZAH!
She eventually becomes goddamn Jabba the Hutt
a sports watch? awright!
Oh God THIS episode! :D
SuperBrony64 Yay
yes this ep
Assrammer
ethernopian?
the sports watch costs 5 dollars :P
Vasdifference?
coool
lol
here it comes :3
thats me
lol
...what?
lol
say no
just stupid people
lol ^^
awww
Accepting a friend request during a stream
lol
no stupid questions just stupid people lol
mitamaking: http://derpiboo.ru/83645
Kandarihu: THE WORST POSSIBLE THING!
VenHur, hardly
that sounds a bit like Tara
anyway, im off for the night
YOU DON'T PAY TAXES YOU FATASS!
twilight_sprinkle: it's not
TURKEYS
ah, Mr. Hat
oh hai turkeys
Und dann turkeys.
Turkey revolt
OH GOD THE TURKEYS!
Spectrum_Rush awesome
the turkey invades!
Rise if the Planet of the Turkeys lol
Meanwhile: ill see if i can get the one good shirtless pic i have off my camera
*of
but i dont have it now
Thanks.
...as awkward as that sounds XD
dat monkey ass cane
what ever happened to Dr. Mephisto?
anyway, night all ^_^
pissed off turkeys lol
I think he died off screen
What a bitch
Poor Dr. Mephisto, he had good intentions
jackass
Night Ya...shoot
wait, why a jacka**
Slow again
no idea
So this is wheres the idea of the South Park game comes from, HI INSPIRATION!
VenHur: eeyup
they farted hehehehehe
Oh God that paper animation
My cats just scared the (squee) outta me! O~O
lol ^^
and to think it's ALL digitally animated nowadays
click click
Ponies47: how?
Alright. Food first, English second
dat star wars reference
Kandarihu: works for me
otakon yet it's still a hassle to do weekly
lol
Lol :D
Dken2021: eeyup
Lol
oh God this
lol
Oh shit
11,02I remember having to fight them off in the video game.
RUN
turkeys!!!!
SuperBrony64: damn Turkeys
RUN YOU IDIOTS!
that 64 game
SuperBrony64: I thought I was the only person who played that.
not as beutiful as you
foam at the MOUTH
Well they deserved to die
dawn of the turkeys
So the main draw of this episode is the rampaging turkeys?
dat south park n64 game was fun
Night of the Living Turkeys.
do ho ho ho
Kandarihu: Starvin Marvin too
NocturnalBlade: I wasen't looking and my cats came into my room. one of them meowed loud and then hissed. I almost jumped right outta my seat O~O
ENGLISH!
What a dick
lol
0,14good night everyone
Ponies47: lol
and Marvin is like
WHAT
My cat throws himself at my door XD
Also, Kyle should NOT be eating ham
Which freaks me out very much.
oni_link, we're not all like that.
poor Marvin
Kandarihu: I know, I am one :P
otakon: That felt on purpose
No one likes cream corn
mmm, corn
lol
buh dum tis
corny
hahahahahaha
Ap-e-ti-zer
that pun hurt
Poor Kenny
That was so funny.
That hurt my soul
>.>
muf you
/me puts a band-aid on Spademagnes[R]'s soul.
dat ethernopian
Ethernopia
Night SaxyPretender
Ethernopian again
Night SaxyPretender
LET MARVIN EAT!
poor starving marvin
shut up pip
Shizuka: Ping. Still awake?
Night Saxy.
dat Pip
so luc does a double rainbow, chargin lazer and power lvl joke
Dken2021: Righto
lux
Dken2021: totally :D
where is Meanwhile?
otakon: What?
Meanwhile: Pip
xD
otakon: pop. What're we doing?
13ja still awake, updating site stuff
Meanwhile: you don't get the joke :p
Adults stink
13countdowns are updated through september and i added daylight savings end dates
otakon: Evidently.
The adults are IDIOTS in this show! :D
I love the come-upance Cartman gets
Hi Chef
Ponies47: not all of them
lol
otakon: Most of them are
Chef = Best Character?
Ponies47: yeah, the older episodes are the best lmao
Vanessa Redgrave
Shizu code master lvl 9001
The number of people in here has dropped A TON.
VenHur: I agree
He's no biologist
who is chef's VA?
only chef the smartest character
Wonder why...
Dovah: Isaac Hayes
oni_link: IKR?
ah
Revenge
hehehe
Shizu reached those levels a long time ago.
LOL
THE FBI!
hehehe
:D
LOL
Title on www.bronystate.net: Lottery Winners on August 17 | BronyState
13oh my
dumb FBI
What lottery?
lol
Hehe, dirty rarity colours
he learned well
13like half a second from hitting publish
seriously HOW do they mistake CARTMAN for a ethiopean?
Ponies47: :D oh my... they actually took cartman instead of marvin
oh a lottery finally
13friday's
13we're a little slow lately
otakon: because its south park
oni_link: EEYUP! :d
Dari's scripts are efficient, I see.
last fridays
this cant possible go wrong
TURKEYS!
13oh look i forgot to categorize.... inb4 a duplicate notice from daribot
Oh look it is the turkeys
Shizuka: No problem. Take your time.:)
ohhh shhhiiitt
GET THE FLAMETHROWERS!
Dat typo
/me panics
otakon: mmmph mmph!!!!
Is that the sequel to Dragon Wars?
tin cans fly around in the box
otakon, probably afraid of being accused of racism
13hm maybe not this time, guess it only re-sends the notice if i change the post text, categories don't count
13makes sense, categories won't affect the RSS it reads
wait wait
part 14 :D
poor Chief Running Wolf
1390% certain it works off watching our RSS feed, like EQD
:o
part 14?
Jesus
XD
:D
Serves Cartman right
lol CArtman
11,02lol
lol Cartman
freakin carman
I didn't know canadians invented thanksgiving
lol
God Cartman
yay Marvin!
dat Eagle
13Spademagnes[R]: we've been having newsletter issues, hope to resolve those shortly
I changed my mind.
ohmygod they're so skinny
do u guys here that >_>
Cartman = Best Character
no
13berrypunch just fires when it sees a link
Shizuka: then how do you do the lotto?
13survey
Over the Hedge as an A movie though?
13but the two go hand in hand
I like butters, Stan, and cartman the most
13we send newsletters via survey app
Spademagnes[R], were you not here last Friday?
I'm a freakin pig. Every time I get a can of Pringles I always eat ALL of them in 1 day o~o
oh god
:(
Kandarihu: No i was not
13no newsletter, no survey, at least not recently
lol
I know it's has a 6.9 rating, but...dear god, why?
inb4 kenny ded
lol
13if we're still having trouble this week i'll make sure we get a survey out anyway
flying cans is best idea
Ponies47: me too lol...you cant just have one XD
Spademagnes[R], they did it the old fashioned way with a new twist
Oh shit
Ponies47: im like that with pringles too ;~;
NocturnalBlade: IKR?
xD
Ponies47 pls, i'll end up finishing one in less than 30 minutes
When was Berrypunch added?
gobble gobble
Kenny no!!!!
11,02XD
Seems like a rather new thing :P
lOL
What the hell is that?
lol
XD
13berrypunch is a bot we're testing/developing
Ponies47: i got the Carolina Honey ones....OMG i love em
what the hell are you supposed to be anyway?
good point
LS
Just what I was thinking
run!!
oni_link: You just can't put them down! D:
:D
Spectrum_Rush: O.O
Spectrum_Rush: lol nice
Oh, cool :)
13primary function is to take over the spam autokicks so we don't have a bunch of client scripts disagreeing on timing and/or are more likely to lag and misfire
/me in Africa...
Ponies47: I know, they might be evil O,o
Meanwhile: nice
and then he died of exposure
NocturnalBlade: Original is my favorite flavor :3
Time to play some Megaman Starforce 3 for a bit
13eventually we want it to take over color kicks and sync up bans across the side channels, but that's a ways off
no more funding
this is horrible
Ponies47: yeah... i have a fast matabilism :$
13very slow inertia getting the development done since it's basically our only project atm
at least he got his watch
Spectrum_Rush: Pinkie pie fast?
letterboxes?
wide screen time
inb4 Braveheart scene lol
Meanwhile has the most convient nick
dat Braveheart speech
oni_link: EVIL!
lol ^^
13at least tech wise
also, letterbox
dat chef
Dat widescreen
Spectrum_Rush: O.O
PillowPoni: true lol
Ponies47: EEEEEEVVVILLLL D: hahaha
Why'd you decide to name it after the fanon town drunk?
Spademagnes[R]: yeah pretty much
Chief is best character
kilt
13phase's fault :3
sounds awesome :o
PEOPLES OF SOUTH PARK, TONIGHT WE DINE FOR TURKEYS!
Spademagnes[R], they did the old-fashioned lottery, but they made a channel and told everypony to do it THERE. That way, it didn't take an hour.
oni_link: XD
OUR FREEEEEEEEEEDOM!
Phase should be given a medal for that name.
I miss Chef, too bad Hayes made that stupid move
XD The turkeys!
*gobble gobble gobble*
Lol
and then the Turkey's had the SAME SPEECH!
It is, in fact, perfect in a nonsensical yet intrinsic way.
13probably because if an autokick's connection lags and misfires, it tends to misfire a lot at once
13just like drunk berry punch :3
CHARGE!
mitamaking: isnt Hayes ded?
Dovah: yeah
Dovah: sadly he is
VenHur: XD
and Chief is dead in the show too
Hey, so long as it's not hitting me, then I'm all for it.
Hours of amusement.
NOOOOOO!
chef
But he quit South Park because of them making fun of Scientology
but he got brought back as a Pedophile Darth Vader
Indeed
mitamaking: bc it deserves to be made fun of
o.o
13one good feature i want to see if we can do is having it maintain its own ban list
Are you still getting that?
i cant belive how insulting this show is
hell they make fun of everthing else
11,02GIMME DAT CAKE
Also, with her now handling kicks, otakon x Berry Punch will practically become canon.
Dat hallahlujah.
veal... roll ups?
DAT BITCH
lol
dah phuq is scientology?
stupid fat bitch
13the eggdrop bot that's been around since like 1993 has this thing where if you ban someone it tracks it and automatically "unbans" after a certain time, to keep the actual channel bans clean
Fat bitch
/me Gives SuperBrony64 DAT CAKE
Reikim: Rofl! :D
13but if it spots the person coming back, it reapplies the ban
uhoh
Dovah: a cult
Can you show the sequel next SuperBrony64?
chef wallace
13until you tell the bot to actually unban
NOOOO! ZE CAKE IS AH LIEZ!
kill jabba the hutt
LIEZ I TELL YU!
Spectrum_Rush: very informative :|
Dovah: a recent religion founded by a sci-fi writer. Also, it's very cult like and secretive in general.
Sounds convenient.
nooooo Kenny!
13since we tended to hit the ban limits in side channels and mane a whole lot during episode streams, that would be one handy feature
KENNY NO!!!!!!!!!!!
Again
Kenny NOOOOOOOOOO
kenny no:'(
annnddd there goes kenny
YOU BASTARD!
Gonna teach BP how to do this?
KENNY! NOOOOOO!!!
YEA O.O
13hope so, probably won't happen for weeks yet
you should be
Anyhoo, 5:30 in the morning seems as good a time to go to bed as any.
God damn it you are so usless
Night everyone.
Goddammit Barbrady
Night Regs.
night Meanwhile sleep well
But if you've hit the ban limit, you can't really ban everyone you need to, can you?
Night Meanwhile!
Night Meanwhile
goodnight Meanwhile
nite Meanwhile
Night Meanwhile
Marklar you Marklar
night Meanwhile
and Marvin is like "HELL YES"
Barbrady is the most useless officer
night Meanwhile
Meanwhile: Trixie! lol
Cya Meanwhile
Night Meanwhile
11,02Sequel?
I mean, the server can only hold so many bands in place, right?
SuperBrony64: sure
11,02You mean the one with Marvin again/
lol that mouse
11,02?
dat rat
SuperBrony64: starvin Marvin returns
did they kill that fat chick
So when you hit that number, eggdrop or no, you can't keep out everyone you want to keep out, can you?
SuperBrony64: with Marklar
13it's something like 300 per channel i think, though we had IRCops set a mode that raises it
A feast!
How often do you have to actually ban someone tho?
I was just saying Marklar, because this episode reminds me of it, but the sequel would be awesome
There she is
oh
According to Wikipedia, it seems that he didn't quit voluntarily, but the decision was made for him.
13too often..
13especially with school starting soon, bratty teenagers keep flooding in
Kandarihu: by the Scientologists I would guess
I assume it's worse during seasons.
:(
lol
Bratty teens should be leaving soon.
:'(
Son of a bitch
lol
:D
13and ja during streams there's usually four or five bans per weekend
Lol
:D
Ah yes, forgot about the seasons...
Goddammit
god damnit
sounds like me
13during season sorry
godammit
Manechat becomes a jungle during season.
13some we do timebans where our client automatically unsets after some time
poor kenny's family
literally
LOL
brb need a drink
otakon: HA HA HA HA HA
^Sarcasm laugh
13training is hard though so it's a bit of a good thing the season premiere is still a ways off, gives us time to prepare
Actually, I have a can opener...my fists... *realises he has hooves* ...OH, SON OF A-
brb computer is glitching up agian
Training?
VenHur: lol
lol
Well shit
xbox yes
lol
13>>
13<<
ah yes
13we do not have many shizus on the team :3
Were you supposed to say that?
Im so jelly of your programming abilities. I have no cool skill like that...
VenHur: I think hooves would be better actually
I just realized something about PSO2 today. The music in the city is only the way it is because of a Summer event. Once August is over, it'll change to a non-event mode.
This episode :D
oh this
/me has swords for hands
/me is now suspicious
damn buffer
i cant tell if i should like it or not, its so insulting
/me has hands for hands.
herp a derp
13not everyone picks up new tech quite as immediately as i do, so when we do new stuff i have to teach everyone how
oh boy
oh god lol
idk maybe im watch mlp too much
AJIsAwesome: Lyra is jelly lol
what is this...
lol
Oh
Haha
NocturnalBlade: :D
oh here we go
Oh fuck Political correctness
For some reason my tired mind interpreted that as having multiple Shizus.
i cant
Lucky, lol. My friend tried to teach me some basic programming things and i didnt understand a Thing!
.....so?
SO?
dat panda
SO??
:o
OOH OOH!
XD
Sexual harassment Panda!
its buffering for me, should I refresh?
Jesus was Jewish too - so whats the problem :P
Haha, multiple Shizus...like mass-produced automatons...hahaha
Festively plump
TOMORROE SUREV IS GUNNS BE A GOOD FIRST DAY OF WORK
That would be scary.
i am also festively plump lol
LOL
YES
oh boy
13so much mmph
and we'll never know
Oh this episode
derped chat >-> reloading
I'm finding this lampooning of political correctness refreshing
YES
LIVE TO WIN
He was always playing with arduinos, trying to teach me (what HE called) simple things
Ohhhh not, THIS EPISODE!
oh geez -_(\
Kandarihu: you should
oh there we go :D
/me Weeeeellllllll Kyle's mom is the biggest bitch in the whole wide world~
surev?
I mean, man.
VenHur: YES THIS EPISODE!
meh, I'll leave, I have class in 8 hours
time for WoW_players_face_the_harshness_of_reality.mov
Sorry.
Spectrum_Rush: YEEEEES lol
/me is playing Wow Right now...
I'm guessing episode 201 is forever lost in time
If you really want to learn the basics
Spademagnes[R]: She's a super king kamehameha beeyotch!
nite mita...awww drat
And I mean the complete basics
Dken2021: which one is that?
MY EYES ARE DERO
lol wow ep
YES!
/me is feeling wowception
Oh, I heard about this episode.
lol
Ohhh man, THIS EPISODE!
13simple to pick up, but most importantly has practically no toolchain, so you make a change to code and can immediately see the results in a browser (well... minus a refresh)
The days of Vanilla wow
You could always try starting with Scratch.
XD
WATCH AND ENJOY!
heck yeah
Yes...YES!
13ja i have heard scratch is good
otakon the one where they attemp to reveal mahammond
this ep makes me XD
It's
Machinima in my south park?
ugh, i hate when my eyes are dero
Hm
Dken2021: oh? I'll check
It's not fun to use after a certain point.
Wait... Human Hunters BEFORE Cata?
Huh...
Spademagnes[R]: custome stuff
rtard
It's the best for teaching the concept of code flow, though. Moving from one statement to another, etc.
My Fave episode. Yay.
13some places like to direct people to Python as a first language, but i hate hate hate their decision to make spaces and tabs part of the actual code...
Now who was complaining about animation nowadays being done by computer?
Lol
imma go to bed now, cya
What
lol this is great
That would throw me off so much.
why are you changing it?
Kandarihu: I wasn't I was just saying it was all paper back then
OKE
Needs more Horde.
/me is playing Horde
lol dat guy
and yet...no Horde
dem korens
no equipment
Lol!
not kenny!
13an if block isn't something like if (something=true) { thenDoSomething() }
otakon, there was some equipment
Anyway, RaveBrony, try Scratch if you want an easy way to understand code basics. Play with it a bit, move on.
NO kenny
lol
Helm
LOOOOOOOOL
Gloves
13it's like if (something=true):, and then a new line, and a specific indent, and then what you do
Boots
Really>
And yes. Kyle is hot.
run fat as
Hmm
NOOOOO KEEEENNNY!!!
a dagger
13and to close the block you go back to the previous indent
13i hate it so much
lol
XD Yep!
dat nerd
and then
I guess i have to have a pupose for programming :D
hehehe
Exactly!
Having to agree to duels is for pussies. play EvE
13because whitespace is exactly that, whitespace, invisible, it's there for your benefit.... every other language would be perfectly happy with if(foo=bar){doSomething();} because it scans by actual characters to find the meaning
how do you kill that witch has no life
Mwh, he can't be on every server at once
13the programmer chooses how to (or not) indent stuff to make it human readable
this isnt the whole ep is it?
60
lol my god
Wasnt the cap 60 at this time?
lool
Eulshy: He's multiboxing.
not those kid's characters! so young!
THEY JUST STARTED PLAYING!
Spademagnes[R]: i think so
Send in the Expendables!!!
it was either 60 or 65 at this time
bye
Which is like me!
XD
Like me!
I have no life!
Granted, some are better than others at that last bit.
Eulshy: Would've been 60, 65 was never the cap
whos going to work?
That player must of reached LVL 9001 at that time...Hm...
r-tard
Huh, ill look up fun stuff to do, and see if i can learn that stuff :D
Use alucard who is known as "The No-life King"
lol
60>70>80>85
Wait hunter?
party of Nightelves
Try Scratch.
How many hours would it take someone to reach Lvl 60?
i'm lonely and i have no life
ded
It takes code and turns it into manipulatives, thus why it works.
Kandarihu: about 100
Lol!
:D
Lol
As a teaching tool, anyway.
lol
Did they actualy get a special server to use from Blizzard or something?
brilliant
and gipped
Back. Sorry computer was glitching up :/
LOL
why
WHY
13is scratch the MIT thing or the google thing?
Ill look it up :P
I assume beta use
I hate Scratch because it has no OOP ability.
It's the MIT thing.
i beleive they ahd special software
13google did a puzzle sort of programming thing recently... was... interesting
for this certain episode
I forgot that WoW had a pre Wrath map
I am so used to the recent map
just like psn
lol
...Y'know I played Warcraft too, but not as often, right?
13let me see if i can find it
Personally, I started out with Game Maker. It had a built-in language a bit like C, only less difficult.
I rather played TF2.
Gentlecolts... we are seeing the birth of a raid.
I leveled from 60 to 80 in less than a month
Lol! :D
lol dat song
I have no life
I don't have a life either
Probably not the best place to start, but it introduced me to the concept of objects and instances quickly.
lol butters
Aww snap!!
God damn it Butters
Spademagnes[R]: you watch mlp, so you pretty much have a life
Goddammit Butters
kill butters
So when I tried Scratch I immediately loathed it due to the inability to create instances.
now!
Whatever. Butters will be lvl 1
Remember when Westfall belonged to the Alliance?
dat raid
Honestly... Butters ROCKS here.
13here we go http://blockly-demo.appspot.com/blockly/demos/maze/index.html
Title on blockly-demo.appspot.com: Blockly Demo: Maze
most of them are level 1
Damnit Butters, that means you don't watch Ponies either! GODDAMNIT!
I don't see any druids
lol butters
timmaY
oh god XD
lol
Timmy is a Druid
Still see no druids
Oh hey
Goddammit BUtters
That's Scratch.
Timmy is?
13that was fun seeing that posted to reddit, cause the threads eventually devolved into code golf, where you try to solve the problem in as few things as possible
Or it's based off of it.
Lol
Timmy's a priest.
is that an actual game?
Are any of them healers? o_O
pick a horde race
XD
The code block given is from Scratch.
13i think there was a one-line solution eventually, no ifs at all
dat Arathi Highlands
ded
:D
Yeah, it's called World of Warcraft.
XylemTube, yes. But it seems they're taking a lot of creative liberties for the sake of the story.
None of them look like druids
lol
13"Blockly is one of a growing number of visual programming environments. Many of these languages have roots at MIT, leading to a similar look and feel across different products. Blockly was influenced by App Inventor, which in turn was influenced by Scratch, which in turn was influenced by StarLogo."
Wait what
If only if that happened in the game
dat face
yes he is hax
Where the hell are the healers
is this us?
Medic!
Of course, these days I play a worgen femme in a mailkini. But.. yes it's a game.
God klyde
They have one healer -_(\
lol
goddammit Clyde
Lol!
XD
None of them are druids
Lol
lol Clyde
Playboy XD
I looked
Eulshy: this was before Druids were good
failure
RAGE!
He's like a Tonberry
otakon, druids are always good
What
lol Kandarihu
WHAT 5000?!
then again back then most of them were trolls and Tauran
no, our characters are adead!
over 5,000 in the arathi highlands
damn
I hated the Highlands
it's so ridiculous
Needs more FROST SHOOCK!
Ban the douche!
...wouldn't 5000 players in arathi Highlands crash the server?
he managed to kill 5000 characters?
DUN DUN DUN!
Just what is the cap pop for a realm?
no idea
The bodies alone would make for unbearable lag
Not asmn good as a hunter-- if propery played.
and then this plan
NO! NOOOOOOO!
60 Shamans VS 60 Paladins in the Arathi Highlands, bye bye server
They're good for teaching concepts.
goddamn griefer
Isnt the Sword of a Thousand truths in the actual game?
Gives you a concrete idea os what the code looks like.
yea iirc
dayum
Spademagnes[R]: yes but under another name, same sprite though
From there you just abstractualize more to get written code.
yeah, it drops from 80 naxx
chat derped:P
65 Million
Hahaha
And Cartman redefins GRIND.
Slayer of the Lifeless
Forget the fact you cant get exp from grey levels
lol
XD
So this makes no sense
Spademagnes[R]: not the POINT in this case
oh man dis song
MONTAGE!
poor boars
lolhuntsman
I wish boars were worth 2 exp, i would just kill boars
ohai Pauls Stanley
but this IS a goddamn satire of it
this episode actually has great dialogue
Spademagnes[R]: Well, this episode is one of the best in South Park's run, so Blizzard decided to add it in the actual game.
Am I lame if I grinded from 60 to 80 in less than a month?
Spademagnes[R]: not really
Eugh
Live to win
Spademagnes[R]: nah
so much monster
Ewh
till ya die
O.o
LOL
Why the look?
oh god
a hope?
a chance
13abstractualize
Oh God how they look! :O
KEEP CLICKING
Spademagnes[R]: Nah, you'll be fine.
exp: 142
wait that said 142
I'm not sure that's a word.
oh god 0_o
all the fat and zits!!
They look so disgusting
13it's like... a hair's breadth from corpspeak..
OH GOD!
I made it up on the spot because.
huh?
they are fucking huge
Spademagnes[R]: We're a ack of loons who are facinated with candy colored PONIES-- we should now start to worry about the realities of WoW? LET THEM GRIND BOARS.
13and corpspeak scares me a lot...
LOL
Corpspeak?
dat fist pump
Kencolt: Well said
OH GOD, THE HUMANITY!
LMFAO XD
Kencolt: true
is Dwarf needs food a reference?
13yes clearly you haven't synergized your forward moving interfaces
Im looking up coding stuffs, it is all alien speak to me :D
13god it hurts ><
Maybe
Hey
Hey
cartmans speech FTW
Spademagnes[R]: Gauntlet, maybe?
Kencolt: the true beauty of this episode is the double parody
I was nowhere near there.
that's more from Gauntlet
13:3
I would be ashamed to be there
Long ago=3 months
13okay good, you can have a cookie~
If only mana burn existed
yes let's leave t overpowered wepon in the game's code. Seems legit
http://www.wowhead.com/item=39344/slayer-of-the-lifeless
120 dps, +80 Stamina
"Synergy" is a word I stay away from unless I need it to describe something specific.
fpor the curious
/me noms cookie
*for
heheh, dat name
Or if I'm trying to sound like corpspeak.
lol
IT TWINKLED.
And then Blizzard seen this episode and said. "Screw it, we're putting it back in the game."
and they do
"Synergize" is just one of those words.
XD
13there are only three cases where i will say "synergy"... 1) i am talking about the HL2 coop mod... 2) i am taking about the keyboard/mouse sharing program... or 3) i am making fun of corpspeak
too late
VenHur: eeyup
It's good in sci-fi, though.
Sounds like "Thunderfury, Blessed Blade of the Windseeker"?? :o
Dat flash drive
THE FINAL BATTLE!
So... disgusting
nvm
One of them should be a druid
May I ask any other Wow players, what started the whole Thunder fury chat spam?
lol oh god
VenHur: Blizzed work in conjuction with the creaters of south park on this episode
Goodnigy I'm feelon finky, my eues are dero, and I have work tomorroqw.
moar hotpockets!
12 real life hours
jesus
i am so glad i'm not like that XD
I'd claim, in certain cases, that a game might have a good synergy between its gameplay and story, but I prefer to use another word I can't think of right now.
Thunderfury has a long name
mmm, chips-a-ho
so it;'s good to spam
It's CARTMAN. He can ONLY be disgusting. that's his JOB.
reminds me of goddamn one boss fight from FFXII
Same that I'm not like them.
i love video game mysteries
What boss fight otakon?
I lost 13 kilogram in the last 13 weeks. Man, feels good to not be overweigh anymore
They did nothing but grind on low level monsters. They shouldn't have anything that doesn't drop from them.
Hotpocket. 1.Unwrap, 2. Microwave, 3.Immediatly drop in toilet
13but i had a group project once where we had to do like a whole corporate project kind of thing, requests for information and executive summaries and whatnot... and i'm terrible at filling what should have been paragraphs of info.. i'm too simple and specific for that
No kidding ^^
Arent hotpockets like nuclear bombs?
Spademagnes[R]: it was a secret boss with 1.3 MILLION hp
13but this guy in my group... he could babble corpspeak all day long...
Arcane fire mage...
Eulshy: dat jim gaffigan joke
Why dose Giving some kids a Dev weapon seem like a REALLY bad idea?
Either too hot or too cold
otakon: is it yizamat?
There's one in every crowd.
Spademagnes[R]: most damage you could do is 9999 and you couldn't do that consistently
Spademagnes[R]: yeah Yizamat...fuck that jackass
goddamn 17 hours?
Sometimes they're for real. Sometimes they're just guys like me who can babble in anything and get away with it.
What arcane mage even BOTHERS with fire? I mrean, really... I play too much W0W , don't I?
otakon: oh i remember that...he was also in Super mario RPG lol
Another horrible indicator of the corpspeak mentality: flowcharts.
13tended to just have him fill out paragraphs and i did the rest of the work building a style guide and making the project not look like everyone else's, which was barely high school grade work in a college course
otakon no limit breaks?
Why not just make uber armor and weapon to kill the ultimate player with?
NocturnalBlade: wait...Yizamat was in SMRPG?
oh my gawd..
Did you have a flowchart?
AWH MA GAWD
50,112,254 is how much Yizamat had
otakon: i think so...he was a secret boss
hand cramp
13don't think so, at least not in the "if this then do that" way
NocturnalBlade: no no that was the other guy
In the orgional version you could take breaks from the fight
i do like this molten core music
carpel tunnel
WE NEED BENGAY
dat shuffling
13used it to represent a network though
otakon: carpel tunnel
Flowcharts are another one
In the international version they changed that
otakon: other guy?
Fuck you Stan's mom!
NocturnalBlade: not Yizamat.. he was from FFIV
00,10the wow one again?
/me flips a table!
If money is featured anywhere on a flowchart, be afraid.
Sumica: again? yes.
Be very afraid.
No, I have a life.
13i appear to have destroyed every record of that project from all of my archives... can't imagine why past shizu would want to get away from it :3
Gee, they have access to the servers, even physically.
this is amazing XD
Sumica: Well, it's so good, it's story must repeated...twice.
And he... kneels.
otakon: ahhh ok yea wrong guy XD
Kencolt: I love this episode
ah!!!!
GTA
1 star wanted level
13the instructor was tenured, and it really really showed...
Cairne is a boring Ream
what classes are they playng?
*realm
NELSON!
lol oh god 0_o *puke*
inb4 disgusting
Oh crap, this scene...
Celes_Chere: Mage, Warrior, Hunter, and Paladin
and looks aways those who are squeemisg
My guild is the only one thing that keeps me there
oh god this
otakon: Mee too. IF only because I have one of the hottest worgen alive.... well, virtual alive.
Ew
o_o
otakon: Ah thanks
o.e
Eww...
DX
ew
sdfdghudt6yucgfj
I don't play WoW anymore
not this scene!
Kencolt: but...Worgen we.........ew
gog da smell alone
Dear God.
Buffer!
Buffer
13for both classes i had with him, he said you should totally expect to just go googling and copy, entirely, stuff you find to put on the projects
noooooo!!
Done
THE HUMANITY!
our demo
Poor kid
WoW got boring
otakon: oh i remember, his name was Culex
scar for the next 10 min
that's it, Culex NocturnalBlade
13pretty sure our RFQ was taken from a plumbing company... and this was a project about building a datacenter >>
STAN!!!!!!
Frostmourne?
eeyup there it is
lol
Spademagnes[R]: enope
http://www.wowhead.com/item=39344/slayer-of-the-lifeless
The quality of education these days...
Heeeey
13ikr...
He skipped it
or just 'I'
not randy!
Ewwwwwwww
NOOO
stan!
PREPARE TO DIE
13my networking instructor was amazing awesome though, learned so much
prepare to die
otakon: I have this thing for wolves. I also have this thing for women. I have a wolf-woman in a mailkini. DEAL.
Hunter has no pet...
Finish HIM
FINISH HIM
13and he was an xkcd reader and tended to keep an eye on woot.com auctions during downtime :3
lol he ded
FATALITY
Kencolt: what about the White Wolf Bitch? "WUAIIII!"
LOL
pwon!
One of the best teachers I've ever heard about.
lol
raaaaah
otakon: DIFFERENT WOLF.
All this kinda makes me want to play TOR.
Kencolt: you don't know who I'm talking about do you?
alright!
SO MANY NOOBS
Kencolt: I've got a belf in bondage gear...I've dealt
and HERE is the kicker
"My name is Lovesto*******. You PK'd my father. Prepare to die... for once."
did that sig say minecraft?
My award for most awesome teacher, though, has to go to an art prof I once heard about.
Molten core?
lol
Art history.
sign*
Fond of slideshows.
13mmm art history
AND THEY DO THE SAME EXACT THING
Except he'd insert strange things at times.
And with that, I gotta go to sleep. Night everyone
goodnight TheKatPony
night TheKatPony
Does Netflix have Drawn Together?
I give this episode nohealer/10
night TheKatPony
yep
Night TheKatPony
nite TheKatPony for real this time lol
night TheKatPony
yea it has that pony_4050
Night, TheKatPony
13XD
still an awesome episode
13just to be sure everyone was paying attention :3
happy tree friends :P
pony_4050, I rather that show not be streamed here.
Celes_Chere: I PAID for Transmog for my hunter to wear what she's wearing now. And, well... It don't look haqlf bad. And no, otakon , not sure who you are talking about.
Pretty much.
http://images.wikia.com/boondocks/images/b/b3/240px-Attack_of_the_Killer_Kung-fu_Wolf_Bitch_-_Luna.jpg this chick
And it was artistically relevant, too.
otakon: oh god lol i remember her
"The Fisherman's Wife," a well-known woodcut from old Japan.
13okay good..... we had better not be showing HTF...
XD
Lolwut
When does season 3 FiM start?
Shizuka: HTF?
13ohh yeah
yay ponies
pony_4050: soon hopefully
Regal PInkie ftw
yessss
WOOOOOOO just in time too!
pony_4050, that's still not known
Next episode air time is unknown
...why?
The very beginning of the horrible jokes we get to this day.
Kencolt: If it's the set I'm thinking of, then I agree on the awesomeness
dat 80's mare
Ponies!
Get your Tevo of the screen damnit!
13because we don't
im here and suddenly i see ponies
eww ponies
Happy Tree Freidns?
denied
D:
Yup yup yup yup
pony_4050: No official date yet, So you will just have to wait like eveyone is
Isnt Happy treefriends really dark?
Spademagnes[R]: like u woudnt beieve
But if anypony cares-- look up Magahowl, on Dalaran.
11,02Dem Timber Wolves.
Indeed
just a regular day on the farm
It's actually quite tame, all things considered.
dat granny smith
dem timber wolfs
yay!
Yay AppleBloom surrounded episode
granny is in her pre-death insanity mode
grannys have a war flashback
wait did mac just speak?
11,02Dat Granny Smith shakin' her tins.
most lines bigmac had in that season up to that episode
My little PONY!
You know what? I kind of wanted to change my vote for 2nd Pony episode next weekend to this episode. So thanks.
Shut up GRANDMA!:[ And DRINK your PRUNE JUICE! lol
SuperBrony64: cans man, cans
Kencolt: Not the set I was thinking of, but still awesome
Just how fucking old is Granny SMith?
twilight_sprinkle: sometimes, regular days are just great
I recently burned thorugh all of The Last Airbender. And I can not believe how they ruined the whole season of Legend of Korra in the last three minutes of the series
11,02Cans, tins, same thing :P
Spademagnes[R]: 106
She looked the same when Applejack was a filly
Sketch_Toku_Brony: lol not cool man.
Spademagnes[R]: she was around for the FOUNDING OF PONYVILLE
FRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
superretroworld: not for me :P
Cans.wav
I don't know whether to sleep or watch this episode........:S
Colt_Magnum it was from Adam Sandler
Spademagnes[R]: she's probably the oldest pony alive save Celestia
How is Granny not fucking dead by now?
Spademagnes[R]: she was a filly when they....actually, this episode will tell u exactly how old she is
enope
AJIsAwesome You got school ?
ready to DIE?
I swaer i just heard Hank hilll
we can only guess
Granny Smith must be hundreds of years old
killerpony7733: No. Just tired.
Spademagnes[R] remeber how she practically founded ponyvillem and in wwu twilight said it's been a tradition in ponyville for hundreds of years?
13yes we need more hank hill
Do you know your my very best TEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!?!?!?!?!?!?
Granny Smith is a highlander lol
13and propane
probably not pony_4050 but she's very old
The AppleFarm is what keeps Ponyviles economy chuggin
AJIsAwesome Well watch this episode then sleep,
13we need lots more propane
Ugh... i shouldve been asleep a while ago... Darn you SB for turning on ponies! :D
13and propane accessories
AJ Must be rich
Shizuka: BOGGLE.
Boy ah tell ya what
Shizuka: XD
and more bobby
i heard alot of bronies say the mysterious mare do well episode is the worst of all
tis a broom silly filly
the nimbus 200!
Thats a shitty broom
13JESmith71: ah tell ya hwat
I know, right? whatwever you say about Worgen-- THEY have a DEFINITE FIGURE. Take THAT, Blood Elves! We got ALL the curves AND fang to boot!
Colt_Magnum: and yet they are ALWAYS on the verge of bankruptcy or in need of money
*2000
superretroworld: I love Mare DO Well.
That is a very poor broom
superretroworld: ya...ya.
Kencolt: you are a odd duck
BWAAAAAAA!!!!!!
11,02We need King of the Hill after this o.o
13we do
How the hell is the founding family of ponyville so fucking poor?
13make it so
11,02>>
11,02<<
13wait what do you mean after
otakon: But... Twilight said that Ponyville spring cleaning without magic has been tradition for hundreds of years. But here we discover that Granny Smith was there when Ponyville was founded
sure, I'm down with some texas
SuperBrony64: Yeah we do!
13NAO
otakon: and thats why theres that graph back in ponyvile confidential with the arrow diving
I agree with SuperBrony64
Shizuka: you really like that don't you
superretroworld: I could probably explain why, but it'd be too long.
HNNNNNNNNNNNNG
13not emphatically
SuperBrony64, you are no longer my favorite mod...
Spademagnes[R]: They aren't entrepeneurs
dat bunny
Oh its that bitch
elemenerpee
Its funny, the reason Diamond tiara is rich is because of the apple family
otakon: And I have NEVER tried to make a secret about that.
havent seen ponies in awhile
oh god Fillthy Rich
Fuck off Diamond Tiara
13this is shizu after nine hours wandering around a state fair with thousands of people..
SuperBrony64 Gah i wish i could be around and watch, But i'm heading to school darn...:D
Kencolt: well more power to ya
lol heres some Apple Hill :D http://mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw3685-129929276568-applesaccessories.png
13a wild SB appeared
disturbing Sketch_Toku_Brony
11,02AppleBunny is best bunneh :3
Filthy Rich looks like Mr. X to me
morning
/me 13throws a pokeball and pokes SB
I dont understand hwo the apple family is so fucking poor
a'www
what a little bitch
13Spademagnes[R]: cider competition
AJIsAwesome: they say its because ppl in danger inst a big deal compared to convinced a frirend to be cocky
00,10they are broke cause celestia crewed them on the land tax
/me hugs Shizuka
otakon ikr there one of Applebloom as bobby lol
Lol!
BUNNEH! :[
ello there Wrek
Wandering around a state fair, getting fat off all the stuff they somehow manage to deep fry
whats up in awesome bronystate this fine morning?
>.>
Fuck off diamon tiara
13nah didn't eat much
11,02O.O
GO DIE IN A FIRE
Diamond Tiara...you a bitch
Spademagnes[R]: same here, it seems like they're always in nedd of major repairs or if something doesn't get down the farm will go under.
Shizuka: this was before... or atleast aired before
Nothing much Wrek
Hi Wrek
Diamond Tiara is worst pony
i like silverspoon
I like to think of it as they are just selling to make ends meet, not make a profit
Wrek not gonna belive it, but.... stuff
^
00,10oh darn, i have always wanted to kick yaplap.......in the nuts
13drank a bit, but the heat was too much to enjoy even half the food i usually want at state fair
And hi Wrek
WHooves!
Doing pretty fine Wrek, doing some character sketches listening to falconer. <3
/me is captured D:
Derpy_Hooves: /)
why sumi?
Sumica: Not until i do first! :D
Celes_Chere: but seriously, we've SEEN the business they make. They are the ONLY farm in Ponyville of any notable size.
But if you're throwing a pokeball, why bother poking? That's like...twice the poking.
00,10cause he is anoying
13wreeeeeek you are supposed to be sleeeeep
superretroworld: I think it's because people say that Rainbow Dash doens't need this epidoe considering that she's always been a narcissist.
Granny with false teeth is creepy
13yes
Bee beard
"Hi, I'm Granny Smith - Welcome to Jackass!!!!!!"
11,02wub ^-^
13it's a ball of poke
Filthy Rich really needs to exercise more discipline. Diamond Tiara is HIS daughter!
Saliva, safe to be swapped
dat sneak skill
silly? what's so silly about having a bee beard?
Shizuka i tried but then the hosue awoke at 6:30 and i somehow ended up eating breakfast. and now i cant sleep >.>
I like AB in the bonnet
11,02Eulshy: wut i do? ;^;
Berry punch!
i like silverspoon, because i think she would be very nice if she wasn't friends with tiara. thats my head canon
13are we sure about that Kandarihu? better call maury ponyvich
FUCK OFF TIARA
Wrek: try lying down
So what shall you nickname your newest capture?
otakon: The point isn't so much that I can play a giant wolf-wonam in a bikini. Not so much that I can... but... well... I CAN. It's insane. It's outrageous. It's totally SILLY... and I can DO IT.
SuperBrony64, King of the Hill..
Does anyone even like Diamond?
Bee's!
Derpy_Hooves: agreed
Kencolt: yay for you :P
11,02But...but...why ;~;
Hee, Maury in Equestria
i dont thinks Silver Spoon would be bad if she did hang with D.T.
Silver Spoon needs some fan love
otakon: BECAUSE I CAN DO THAT.
Granny is pretty swift for a old gal
Shizuka, would you be bothered to see her getting spanked for most of the things she does in this whole series?
Kencolt: I said yay for you :P
Spadesmagnes[R] I like Diamond Tiara and Silver Spoon
Eulshy: Get out
mr bich?
Get the fuck out
Clop clop
SuperBrony64, I really don't like King of the Hill
No one should ever like those two assholes
11,01Yay Cheerilee.
otakon: Yes. Yay for me. O deserve a yay or two.
superretroworld: I still like the episode. I can see Twilight and her friends explain to RD not to obsess over her fame, RD agreeing not to, and the next scene RD completely obsessing over it. That's why I like the episode.
dat Nittany_Discord
11,02Eulshy: Okie ;~;
Wait till the ponies are finished till we get KotH
Kencolt: I gave ya two
Spademagnes[R]: Could one like just Silver Spoon, then?
Ohai Nittany_Discord
13bothered? diamond tiara? you are going to stop with only spanking?
11,01Hey NocturnalBlade and Ponies47.
13hmmmmmm
GO DIE IN A FUCKING FIRE DIARA
SuperBrony64, i'm sorry it had to end this way
Grandmare Granny Smith
13i will nickname it....
13SB
wait
*tiara
Nittany_Discord: Hello!
hey there nitty
Silly Filly!
hmm
11,01Hi AJIsAwesome.
what happened to Grannies Husband?
pOOOnyville
11,01And Dken2021.
11,02o.o
I just love that southern accent
otakon: probably ded
ikr :(
You know how the cutie mark represents what you do for a living right?
yes
otakon: Ands even you have to admit--- that's one HECK of an amorkini. :$
Grannies husband is a Timberwolf
11,02Esss....beee.... o.o
diamond tiara and silver spoon, in an S&M setting gettign punished for ebign the bitches they so proudly present themselves to be?
So what the fuck is a tiara and a spoon supposed to get you?
because reasons
Nothing
to the ARTBOARD!
Kencolt: we get it! ya horn dog
crows in a form of a heart, so omnious!
13X3
Spademagnes[R], cutie marks represent what they're good at, and they go into a vocation based on that.
Hey, I like Diamond Tiara and Silver Spoon
Wrek: i like silverspoon, because i think she would be very nice if she wasn't friends with tiara. thats my head canon
Wrek: oh god at least make them older
she's probabaly a spooner
...
AJIsAwesome: of course, but one thing i dont like about rd is that shes too famous to be part of the mane 6
Spademagnes[R]: Silversmithing, maybe?
Diamond and Silver will never make a living
00,10Cant sleep wrek?
They will die alone and unloved
shamed
motified
Two dictionaries and a chicken
I could like Silver, if she didnt hang with Tiara
Spademagnes[R]: but i like silverspoon :<
Sumica yeah, my head feels tired but i cant fall asleep
liek always
11,01I predict that I'll have insomnia tonight.
I LOVE Sweetie Plotting face
god shes such a bitch
yay Nittany_Discord! we can insomnia together!
Sweetie Belle is best pony
Well, Filthy Rich has bags of gold for his cutie mark. DT's talent is clear: to follow in her daddy's footsteps.
SOLDIER SMITH!
This episode shows a glimmer of hope for Silver Spoon
superretroworld: That's when Mare Do Well comes in and takes her fame, which is a great counter to her popularity.
SB knows parsel ?
SuperBrony64: The Moo Pokemon
Dat TF2 ref! XD
Nittany_Discord: Why is that?
IF WAR LEADS TO VICTORY THAN YOU MUST WIN
11,01Yay Wrek. Insomnia buddies.
The whole Mare do well bit seems like a jerk move in twilight's part
Eulshy:no you must fight
This 'mon is well known for its tendency to bleat like certain herbivorous mammals.
dat Sweetie plottin face
Reikim that's milktank
Sweetie Belle is best pony
11,02Ess bee ess beeee ^-^
I LOVE IT
They dont talk to RD about her ego, they decide to egg her on
Some friends...
What level that SB? :o
as for silver spoon not being as much of a bitch as diamond tiara. i can see that. without her she'd probably be more friendly
then again
INVASION
It is known to have an affinity for certain electronics, and a somewhat ambiguous relationship with ponies.
*is that
child spychology
dem apples
Ant then he herded them onto a boat and then he beat the crap outta him
That's noty a clubhouse any more. That's a freaking BATCAVE.
*yhem
spychology: the study of the spy from TF2
11,01RaveBrony: Just know.
**them
brb
Sweetie Belle is best pony
Yea it does Scootaloo
actually it does
Spademagnes[R]: As an optional scene, I can see Twilight and her friends explain to RD not to obsess over her fame, RD agreeing not to, and the next scene RD completely obsessing over it.
danger, danger high voltage
is it me or do the CMC look cuter than usual?
lol
Sweetie Belle is best pony
00,10heh, ironchef: battle bread.
Nittany_Discord: Ah. :o
she's a grat pony
otakon: art evolution
AJIsAwesome: I guess but it still seems like Twilight decided to be a asshole
11,02I think you need a level 50+ in Woodcutting in order to cut down Magic Trees...
lol
75 WC ;)
AND THE CLOSEST Scoots got to flying
13not with a herring
SB: XD
Ah, those good old games :D
dat cheerilee
that kindacreepy
Spademagnes[R]: Plus she really wouldn't learn a lesson from fame.
oh god lol
Well *bad old games
Spademagnes[R]: http://i.imgur.com/aoPEp.jpg
You guys got any tips for going to sleep with a cold? I dot have any drousyness cold medicince. I think I got Bronchitious, ive been sick since last thursday.:'(
SB, the precious alloy axe is needed.
Cutie Mark Crusaders Puppeteers, yay!
I need some glasses like those
JESmith71: My thoughts exactly jes
AJIsAwesome: yeah but i just hope ponyville doesnt treat her like chuck norris or anything
May I ask what three flowers have to do with teaching?
Sweetie Belle is best pony
Am I the only who likes the Mare Do Well episode?:S
JESmith71: noce
nice even
Spademagnes[R]: they represent the growing children
lol
Weekend at Grannies
Spademagnes[R]: Children blossoming ionto adulthood or something
11,02I have to go now, my ponies need me...
*into
dat WTF face
MY PLANET NEEDS ME
Iloike the Mare Do well thing.
i hate not having anything to do ....
You take an iron axe to the well, and drop it in. The fairy will ask you if you dropped the iron one, the silver one, or the gold one is yours. Answer correctly and she'll give you all 3.
11,01Later SB.
bye SB
SWEETIE!
Bye SB.
Smelt all of them and reforge them into a single axe and you can cut down the magic tree.
Bye bye SB
11,02No, I was referring to Granny Smith XD
Kandarihu, the obvious answer is the iron one
idgits
Applejack is such an ikemen onee-san
LASER
SB: oh lol
11,02sillies :3
MY HEAD FEELS LIKE ITS BEEN SHAT THROUGH A WORMHOLE
11,01SB: Sorry.
JEEZ
Rex_Mundi yes she is :D
SB: I KNEW THAT! >_>
LETS DO IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
/me huggles dat Nittany_Discord ^-^
/me is back
Rex_Mundi: IKR.
/me 11,01hugs SB
SEEMS LEGIT
11,02Dat slap
/me sobs
what's wrong Wrek?
not gettign sleep tonight
today
keep trying man
w/e
you need some sleep
Why doesnt Applebloom just talk to Granny Smith about this?
/me hugs Wrek
Same, TheGreatAndPowerfulT
AJIsAwesome: its not bad, but there should be others that like it, themusicman actually hates hearts and hooves day
THAT FACE!
dat smile
Why are these ponies so moe? (mo-eh):)
damn it
titlw drop
Scrunchy face
so im drwaing you that image with spike and applebloom you requested in PM otakon. now i dont usually draw this kidns of stuff but anythign for a friend.
Inb4 granny is confirmed for badass
....
inb4 Tiara loses ALL HER CRED.
Wrek: STOP LYING
APPLE BLOOM y u no talk to Granny smith about this!
XD Wrek
FUCK YOU TIARA
so the apples are part southern, part german
uncle applestrudel does not sound like you'd expect
otakon: <3
Redo AALLLL the fanfics!
Seriously how fucking old is she?
lol
11,01She can talk perfectly well with a piece of paper in her mouth. Neat!
I can see why people don't like the Mare Do Well episode considering that her friends don't tell her how they feel, but she also wouldn't have learned a lesson of the corrupting power of fame, either.
Spademagnes[R]: She predates ponyvile
actually young GS is really cute
What kind of Spike applebloom picture is this
I guess otakon wants somee of AB and Spike Wrek XD
11,02Weird to name a young filly, Smith...
NO I DO NOT
*Some
Granny is a Highlander
So why did Celestia give these ponies a place that is near a gate to hell?
SB: wierd to name a young filly, Granny
Distance between Ponyville and Canterlot, and the Everfree Forest is southeast?
Princess Trollestia Dosn't Age :D
have you learned nothing of granny smith apples?
Spademagnes[R]: Not QUITE as old as Celestia. But I suspect she gets CLOSE.
Spademagnes[R]: shush and watch the episode >:T
PS: Look at the tent!
Dat banjo cm :D
It bothers me that they gave them a land near a hellgate
11,02I'm giving the benefit of the doubt of her parents naming her 'GRANNY SMITH' :)
she jealous
someones sleeping ont he couch tonight
somepony is jelly
SB: she's named after an apple type
sorry otakon , i forgot how easely the crowd is amipulated to harass you. it was not my intention x3
wasnt that mare similar to Cherry Jubille? i kinda see it
they ARE the apple family
Spademagnes[R]: tartarus isnt hell, that's the hades
Wrek: yeah :P
close enough
11,02But honestly, Granny Smith was a good looking mare back in the day.
Spademagnes[R]: tartarus is a dungeon where they locked the titans
wait what would Timber WOlves eat?
otakon: actually this is the smith family
no
And then she disapered with the zomponys, the end!
she's Granny Smith Apple
Applejack Apple
I really don't like it when characters are named according to their role in the series as of present time without any regard for continuity.
Wrek you made me be mean to otakon :<
Big MacIntosh Apple
Get a torch
Spademagnes[R]: She never expectd it to eve open. But then a pony named Twilight, who is an impossible pont, was born... and ponyfeathers started to happen.
I'm sorry otakon :<
no worries
00,02o_O
hiya Phase4
11,02Everypony, listen up!
00,02pony episode? on bronystate?
they would make for formidable fallout enemies
Ohai Phase4
Phase4: i know the insanity
Phase4: Yeah!
no Phase4, you're just imagining things
they dont have last names, just cause they're called the apple family doesnt mean thats their last name
Also, considering the fact that RD would accumulate so much fame that ponies would constantly annoy her with it, Mare Do Well is a great counter to RD's fame. She easily snagged RD's fame and proved to her that fame isn't forever, which is a GREAT lesson to learn. That's why I love the Mare Do Well episode.
Spademagnes[R]: walkies?
11,02Give Derpy_Hooves a big birthday hug for it being his birthday :3
00,02: D
/me 00,02hugs Derpy_Hooves
/me hugs Derpy_Hooves ^-^
Derpy_Hooves: *hug* happy birthday!
So what exacly makes pots cause the wolves to fuck off?
Spademagnes[R]: it's the noise
Happy birthday Derpy_Hooves
/me Hugs Derpy_Hooves
Happy Bday! Derpy_Hooves
hiya Derpy_Hooves and happy birthday
. /).(\ dammit sb
/me hugs Derpy_Hooves
Phase4: Not a big suprise. This is like the third time in the last two weeks SB's streamed an episode of his XBox Netflix
happy bday Derpy_Hooves
happy b day Derpy_Hooves, you lucky filly you
"Magic is as magic does" <---CANON magic description! What now Twilight Sparkle?!
I still dont get how they are so poor
00,02JESmith71, ikr
And so ponyville's economy was based almost completely on apples
Granny's are for Pwning noobs!
They should be freaking rich by now
Great Grandfather
Ponies dont have last names. at least, not family names.
so...
11,02Better love story than Twilight.
and thus walmart was born
Spademagnes[R]: they r settlers
150 years
11,01XylemTube: Yep.
My birthday is December 6th. DON'T FORGET IT! :D
and so, Silver Spoon Shows she isn't a complete flankhole all the time.
she's over 150 years old
initiate slowcap
Aww, did I miss young Granny Smith? Dang :S
If the econemy is based on apples how are they so blooming poor?
damn
Granny Smith is best elder pony
00,02i'm getting a lot of lag
The Apples do. Sort of.
00,02wonder why
"and thats how equestria was made"
otakon are you sure?
11,02Dat lick
BUY SOME APPLES!
EAT it tiara
bitch got TOLD
otakon seems legit
oh snap Tiara
Spademagnes[R]: bc everything is constantly breaking..or lots of debt from developing the farm on credit?
Are we seriously questioning a tv show?:S
Ryunosuke no silly that's how pinkie got her cutiemark
Spademagnes[R]: Their entire economy is dependent on apples....Think about it. Thats the ONLY thing thats keeping their town afloat
*squelch*
Malk: no it's a guess, but Great Grandfather is 3 generations
well better hit the hay. good night everypony
granny smith loves the taste of chalk
Well... horses love apples
Colt_Magnum: so how are they so poor?
silverspoon is best non-cmc
she was alive in 10 bcp otakon
thelonepony: Night!
night thelonepony sleep well
/me Princess Celestia gave Grannys parent s that land that would become ponyville this makes Granny Smith the Feudal Lord of Ponyville
The apple season doesnt last all year
Colt_Magnum *psst* it's a cartoon
11,02*Zap apples may cause genetic defects in offspring of pregnant mares.
nighty thelonepony
How many apple crops do they get each year?
Spademagnes[R], Sweet Apple Acres was the foundation of Ponyville's economy as of it's inception, but times change.
I guess this is RD got her mane color.
SB: :D
SB: Is that a reference?
DeadpoolDash: no it doesn't but they wouldn't do something in the winter months?
nite thelonepony
11,02Spademagnes[R]: Yesh :3
05SWEET MOTEHR OF MERCY
Spectrum_Rush: inb4 Nobunaga
05i found my clothes
Well, time to sleep.
WE DO
Night everyone.
Spectrum_Rush: Um.... Technically... you're right, so where are her robes and circlet?
00,10weoclome back wrek with color
AND YOUR COLOR!
YOUR COLOR!
kind of hard to grow stuff under snow
Wrek: Your color's back!
00,02Wrek, XD
lol
elmenerp
holy carpe diem,
/me sings a b c d..etc
Ok I admit Silver is less of a bitch than tiara
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/01/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-best-cutie-mark.png
damn
KARMA! Hahaha!
Spademagnes[R]: Hmm...I think its overspecialization on their part. They only sell apples, and when nobody wants that much apples, they go under
11,01Wrek isn't naked anymore!
Wrek draws pretty ponies
At least Silver is nice some of the time
KoTH tiem?
Wrek I think killing all them demons helped
Wrek your finally not naked! XD
Nittany_Discord its a international tragety
Well that was interesting
Spectrum_Rush: Because she's not skilld at harvesting zap apples.
11,02Just had a horrible thought...
Spademagnes[R]: good enough lol
Well, guys, gotta go round up the sheeps...
Last rounderp!!
Demonblood color!
Ponies dont normally wear clothes, maybe Wrek is a pony?
*skilled*
11,02I wonder what version of The Last Roundup is on Netflix..
nite VenHur
00,02SB, D:
00,02DO IT
SB: OOH MY GGOOOOOOODDD>
SB: the edited
Only one way to find out, SB
SB: 30 bits on the "fixed" version
11,01It's the edited version IIRC.
you alreadly know the answer
I think edited may be the likely choice
NNooooooO!!!
SB: DO IT DO IT DO IT!
DO it anyway!
SB: the "fixed" on
FOR SCIENCE
BURN IT
SEND IT TO HELL!
inb4 rage for no reason
... It's only one scene, bronies :|
good think i downloaded the original from youube back then
I guess we can check out the Derpy scene and just the Derpy scene
damnit not this ep again
Polydunami|DW: but its the only scene that matters. :'(
/me as it on DVD
Then again it's not main BMN and we have less users. Derpy rage will probably be at a low
Im making a mouse made version of myself
11,02It's only one bullet to the heart Polydunami|DW :I
11,02NUUUUUU
FRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCCCCCCCCCCCCEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
^
and heeeere we go
oh hi not derpy
Now
INCOMING
NOOOOOOOOOOOO
/me cries uncontrollably
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
Awwwww
sad day
told ya
00,02Welp, i'm never getting netflix
Expexted
Noooooooooooo
NOT EDITED.
IS SAD DEY
............
ACK!
Episode Ruined
D:
NO
SAD DAY
Kencolt, it is edited.
NOT DERPY
I need to sleep. Good night, everypony!
SAD DAY!
I refuse to watch this epeisode withouth unoriginality, and will now mute it and go away
eh i think its still cute
night AJIsAwesome
:[<3
nite AJIsAwesome
night AJIsAwesome
nighty AJIsAwesome
TEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAM!
:<
11,02Night AJIsAwesome
what the hell is this?
;~;
NIGHT AJISAWESOME
IRON ASS
at LEAST say Derpy,i like the voice but come on
Cya rei...aw
Night AJIsAwesome
ugh...
Seriously, that's not a bad voice.
KEPT THAT ON MY DVR. THE REAL DERPY WILL NEVER DIE.
Spectrum_Rush: yeah but they changed something that really didn't need changing bc of goddamn PCness
I could deal with the voice change, it's just the removal of the shoutout that I dislike
lol
okay I'm back
Derpy's flank is made of darkmatter <-- science
00,02Dovah, badly done patch job to appease non-existant complainers
dose that mean she's not derpy anymore?
Kencolt: same here
Her ASS is STILL IRON at least
SB is your name what I think it is?
i still like the way she says "my bad"
Screw the parents. BRING DERPY BACK! :[
otakon: iknow believe me iknow
Yep, Malk. It's Antimony! :3
GODDAMN YOU POLITICAL CORRECTNESS!
Thanks, otakon, NocturnalBlade, Dken2021, SB, Malk, and Ponies47.
^
Phase4: tell SB to stream the youtube version it has the correct derpy...
IRON ASS CANNOT BE DENIED.
chat derped again >.>
and that too
How the fuck did the Town hall get wrecked?
Phase4, the complainers are very real, and closer to the writer's heart than most of us.
I mean I don't mind the new voice
I want my Derpy back! ;~;
I'm out. See you later!
11,02Interesting...I like her new voice better...but only if she would just act...you know...derpy :/
fact: sometimes somepony is just unlucky
Applejack, im falling in love with you...
Dif I actually just saythat?
the ipod nanos!
and fix'd
/me Flips OVER 9000 tables
Nicest send off
i miss the old times, when cartoons could do whatever thefuck they wanted and nobdy minded
NICE
Spademagnes[R]: originally Derpy was bucking lightning out of clouds and a stray bolt hit the hall
/me flips ALL the tables
Spademagnes[R]: Derpy did it in a cut scene
sometimes someone is just special in a different way
brb
You know they wanted to explain how it got wrecked
lucky luke drank and smoked for the longest time DAMMIT!
huh
00,02SB, yeah, it would be less of a problem if the voice matched what was happening
All they ponys clap
Dark_Horst: like Looney Toons and Animaniacs
Derpy needs a action scene
mayor mare like s dat apple plot
night everypony
CODE MONKEYS!
Code Monkeys
Code monkies! DO IT
Strawberry shortcake!
Dark_Horst, that was before even _I_ was born.
Can we watch Party of One?
DO EEEEEEET
night superretroworld sleep well
nite superretroworld
code monkeys!
CODE MONKEYS IS ON NETFLIX?
11,01Going to bed.
Malk: yea, both seasons
spaceballs animated on there? :)
05sleep well Nittany_Discord
nite Nittany_Discord
damn, gonna go to bed when my favourites ep's on, oh well
11,02Night Nittany_Discord :)
Nittany_Discord: dream of ponies
night Nittany_Discord
hi everypony!
I saw UHF
nighty Nittany_Discord
Night Nittany_Discord
night MilfToon.com Site Rip
11,01I'll come back if I can't sleep.
Oh no, one scene of one episode of a show among thousands got edited. Not getting Netflix after all :I
does this episode have Dale?
Nope
oh this episode
YES KotH
uhh
oh god A PEGGY EPISODE
eeyup
OMG this gives Texans like me a bad name but its still funny
sir..cum...france
Have fun with your propane and propane accessories, night everypony
kill me now
If you're referring to the good ol days of no censorship, it was before WWII.
I dont think
it's the lucky free ride football player
don't you love them?
Kill her. Peggy Hill ... Kill her. Because she thinks she knows things she just plain does not.
dat pilot episode
Hays Code, Kandarihu :S
Well, im going to bed. good night everyone! Enjoy the stream! :)
oh, the very first episode, what a hange
My Gawd We only talk like that at the rodeo and when we want to make fun of people from the north
night RaveBrony
nite RaveBrony
nighty RaveBrony
Night
Peggy is a idiot
eyup
Thanks for streaming and sorry for leaving, SB D:
eeyup
eeeyup
EYYYUP
eyup
mhmmm
eeyup
starter...motor?
oh god
back. YAY KING OF THE HILL! :D
lols
you idiot Dale
hehe, fiat
ford = fiat
Ford is good stuff
FIAT :D
My mothers family lives in Arlington
FORD = Found on road dead
volkswagen. they jsut keep on driving and driving
what was dodge? dad's old dead... something
Polydunami|DW, there was censorship even before that. It dates back to the time of Mark Twain, who opined that "Censorship is like denying a man a steak because a baby can't chew it."
Can we go back watching MLP?....
I hate KotH
I want somonew to make a flash with the KOTH charachersn and Big Mac. Big Mac with a beer. A BIG BEER. because that would WORK.
well im going 2 bed cya tomorrow everypony :)
Sienfeld: show about Nothing
dat Seinfiels
Kencolt: lol yes!
Them Dang Newyork boys
cya ske--oh
Night Ske.......
nite ske...darn it
13previously in texas
hi
13it's dubstep!
ello Malk_The_Texan
oh this!
Kencolt: "Ah sell apples and apple accesories"
Hye Malk_The_Texan
that music
I can't complain about Sketch leaving right away; I've done that myself
Shizuka: It sounds like toilet sounds!
Shitting
PLS for the love of Celestia Id rather watch Last roundup!
That clip has been edited so many times
Also sad news
hank..
otakon: Oh? :(
WOman that played Lu Ann died a while ago
It would be all... "Yup." "Yup." "Um-hmm." "Yup." "EEEEYUP." "Darn it, Mac-- have to be soo loud?"
13wow hank, your garage is in an infinite forest?
otakon aww ;_;
yeah
Yep.
back in 2010 actually
Rest in peace, Brittany Murphy
So Big Mac would be likened to Boomhauer?
eeyup
Kandarihu: eeyup
but 110% is higher than Max capacity D:
you know they say no tree sprouts the same but theyve passed like 35 that all loom the smae
I saw that same tree again
They just need to make it 20% cooler
13bobby, you suck
^
are we in an alternate universe? bobby is doing sports
No. Boomhauer is SECONDARY to Mac. Because Mac is BIG MAC.
uhh
dat scout Bat
13BONK
dat sandman Bonk
Bonk!
Cause in texas everyone talks like this y'all and we like to drink our lonestars eat our barbaque and watch us some football
BONK!
Sandman's made of wood =\
he's getting WD-40 to fix that black eye
11,02Anypony want to watch my sister play Minecraft after this? >>
USELESS EMPLOYIES
oh your sister's here?
13poor hank
SB: Sister? O.O
XD
wd40 is oil, even i know that
11,02Ponies47: Yesh
oh god
granny talk
13oh wow
That gossip
Dark_Horst and it can fix anything
More rumors than Ponyville
13just not hank's day
why are only the women making these rumors?
Dken2021: that and duct tape. when in doubt, hit it with a heavy wrench for good measure
uhh pollution control?
CPS I've seen them do the dumbest stuff ever
11,02LOL
....
Dale is a giblet head
Gibblet head
Dale's being a strawman here
I'd kick his ass too
They really NEED Big Mac. He can solve everything with a simple "Eeeyup".
must be watching king of the hill
13uh oh
Oh now this is not a good thing
00,02"I Sell apples and apple accessories"
yeah this won't end well
and things go downhill
BUY SOME APPLES
I sell ponies and pony accessories
UN Helicopters
this day sucks for Hank
Phase4: Who is best pony?
00,02Colt_Magnum, Twilight
just kick his ass
This is how bad the government CPS service is
KICK IT
Oh fuck you
LOL
don't do that Dale
uh oh
lol
god damn it dale
he cut the brake
oh crap
Oh man the angrier he gets the worse it looks
cheese it!
Phase4: More... "I do apples. Lots and lots of apples. Not as much as my sis, but yes, I do apples. And cider. I also do cider. And jam. When it's in season. but mostly apples. Why are you asking?" "Um... "
RUN
Rusty Shackleford Did it!
and that is hy you put the parking brake on... always
Peggy you are so moronic
Kencolt: applecider speaks for itself
^what else is new
MURIKA
13YEAAAAAAAH
CPS never helps when needed and and allways thinks every father that talks loud is abusing their child
/me salutes
poor Hank
I'm on Hank's side here.
he's so compasionate, and constipated
^
LOL so violent
FUCK YOU DALE
GODDAMMIT DALE YOU
dat affair
...
yea, "healing"
Shes cheating on him!
that's the joke
Obvious afair
John Redcorn hes best headache remover ever trust me...
LOL ohmygod
dat narrow urethra
uhh
wat
Oh... good on ya dale
11,02Lol
shes totally cheating on him and got pregnant!
dat Boomhauer
Colt_Magnum: ya dont asy
lol
*say
Yes. JUST BACK OFF.
Spectrum_Rush: lol im just learning aobut this now
dat impression
GOD DAMN IT
13today the universe decided to ruin hank's life
dat timing
Sounds nothing like him
eeyup
Shizuka: lol no joke
No but seriously they have nice relazation treatments on reservations
Hai everypony
it's just a pair of panties
hank hill didn't asked for this
ASnd SOME moron gets it ... Oh, who am I kidding.
hi DerpStar
hai DerpStar
Hey DerpStar
13this is evangelion of the hill :3
Popping quick for a an announcement
11,02Hey DerpStar :)
hi DerpStar
Shizuka: eeyup
what's up DerpStar?
11,02Shizuka: O U
HOLY ****, 2 Racoons just got into a fight in my backyard
Shizuka: wait, doesnt she end up staying with them forever?
13i thought luann was their daughter...
/me 13knows not much about koth..
A POOL TAKE ME WITH YOU
derp?
yes because a foster family is 100% better
Its hot here I wana swim
GW2 players, founded a Brony Guild with a One Trick of Everfree radio
/me sarcasm
Shizuka, not the universe, this is what happens in this sort of thing.
PaladinDrakkenwolf: My cat's we're fighting in here about an hour ago. RIGHT BEHIND ME! Scared the (squee) outta me O~O
Spectrum_Rush: sometimes its a rock and a hardplace
chase him with a broom hank
What a dick
13that too
Anypony interested?
l-los angeles
THAT explains it all.
13uh
enope
13uh oh
Free license to be a brat?
dammit Bobbeh
You see people not from texas cant understand us
DerpStar: bullshit
What a dick
True shit ^^
bobby's found a loophole
00,10well seeing as I could not find the pictures I spoke of earlyer today.
calling it off
Ya go back to LA never come back
FUCK YOU
going to L.A. and staying there
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
dammit Bobbeh
00,10http://screensnapr.com/v/CnG6Z1.jpg local copy instead.
13EGAD
Sumica: so wait, the guy got fired or something?
Bobby Ill wipe that smirk off your face
saving the bacon grease in a tin can
uhhh
pearly wants to say something to everyony..
otakon: why would u do that?
00,10what Colt_Magnum
everypony*
Colt_Magnum he got sent back cause he doesnt understand how it works in texas
troll bobby
Sumica: the guy he kept calling a twigboy
Fuck you bobbeh
00,10I have no idea what you are talking about Colt_Magnum
fucking bobbeh
Sumica: nvm...Have a fluttershy. :(
dat Ladybird
colt twigboy... sucha meany pants that pony is
someone's goona get whooped
Sumica: Nice picture!
Ohhh I love that guy
00,10emotes dont work for me either Colt_Magnum, I dont use the web chat
BAD Ryunosuke
00,10here is the other picture http://screensnapr.com/v/oxZden.jpg
Whooped Bad
Fuck you bobbeh
Sumica: My condolences.
and caught
11,02Daaaaaw
13awwwww
I'd still kick his ass
a'wwww poor Bobby
11,02I love dat picture Sumica O.O
bullshit you fat little bastard
still gonna get whooped
I'LL KILL HIM
belt his ass
Sumica so much kawai!!!
he is Rarity
Sumica: XD
Sumica: was this it http://derpiboo.ru/60215 ?
05tf2+MLP
05my OTP crossover
by a Japanman's machinegun
Rub some dirt on it and walk it off pussy!
00,10oh found one more http://screensnapr.com/v/dE7zI8.jpg
He used to be a trooper like you...
fucking cotton
Ryunosuke: goddamn crazy hardasses
ahaha
:p
DerpStar: then he took several dozen bullets tot he shins
05Colt_Magnum: protip: if you want sumica to D'aaaaw
05link him AJ
00,10hehe
Heh, well in any case I'm off to guild managing cya everypony
bye DerpStar
have fun DerpStar
Hard to say i love you
bye DerpStar have fun!
hank?
11,02HAhahahaha
:)
Bye DerpStar
13DAMMIT YOU'RE MAH BOY
shut up twigboy
twigboy
13oo that was the first ep?
I think so
13awsm pilot
mmhhmm
dat sex book
11,02Shizuka: yesh
actually it still holds up
Thats what you city folk get when you mess with texas or the people livin here
and it's over 10 years old
11,02Colt_Magnum: Haha
Sumica, those are awesome
Colt_Magnum: fuck the police
i should go to sleep, Goodnight everyone
welp that's it for me guys
it's 2 am here
so I'm off for the night
Nite TheGreatAndPowerfulT
goodnight TheGreatAndPowerfulT
nite otakon
PaladinDrakkenwolf: moar like "Buck the poice" amirite?
Night TheGreatAndPowerfulT
11,02Stopping stream for a second.
00,10cute Colt_Magnum
SB: thanks for the stream man
Night TheGreatAndPowerfulT
Bionic commando!
Colt_Magnum: im too tired atm
night TheGreatAndPowerfulT
hmm, I should go too, nite y'all
wait
see everyone late!
/me waves goodnight to chat
13buh... what is with the upper 80s and 90s this week...
SO what happens to bronystate on the weekends
take care otakon
Goodnight otakon
13it's the end of august i want fall weather :<
is that the good version or the ... 1st person version?
Night otakon
No streamers?
:p
13[00:57] [@SB] Stopping stream for a second.
13
13PONIES NO READ
SB: think u can stream something like cowboy beebop or The Maxx? U remember The Maxx dont u? I get the sense that we're 90s kids
Shizuka I JUST GOT IN THE ROOM
Shizuka: you see how fast this chat moves sometimes lol
pfft
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-brushie-brushie-teh-applejack.jpg
13HAVE PSYCHIC ABILITIES
13GAWD
00,10if only we had somthng like colored text so they could notice eh Shizuka?
13:3
Shizuka its been 100s all week I dont think its too hot
Colt_Magnum How's it going, man?
00,10So you want us to stream the Hub then Ryunosuke?
Boomerang its all comming back to you
00,10cause that it more or less the early AM line up
Sumica, only G1, stuffs :p
SB:
TIL: Hub shows reruns of 80's cartoons
Colt_Magnum I was here for Doom and South Park. What else did we watch?
00,10yeah from like 2 am to 5 am that is what hub shows
Or was that last week?
hmm I havent seen Magnum, PI in a while either
Bananas in Pajamas
RIP SB
who wants to just let the streamer do watever the hell they want
Colt_Magnum Oh lord, I remember that movie.
Spectrum_Rush: sounds good to me lol
Spectrum_Rush me
11,02FMLE froze on me...
13it loves doing that
11,02Can't seem to close it, gimme min or two, sorry :<
it does that
enough so that its expected
Good night
Well, that's how The HUB handles watershed hours.
Kandarihu: what r watershed hours?
Colt_Magnum How old are you?
But not old enough for ponies
05canada, the new iraq?
lol
Wrek: What?
wrek, wat?
00,10what Wrek?
Canada is best country
Colt_Magnum Heh, fair enough.
>_>
00,10the US is invadeing them for oil now?
Colt_Magnum, lare nights. The time of night when young children are expected to be in bed, so decency rules are relaxed.
Colt_Magnum I'm 24, myself.
brb
05sorry, makign references i realize very few will get
Wrek: oh is this about our oil pipeline thing?
24
Sumica: they already tried and won
00,10what cracks me up about that pipeline.
we sell to the states far under the oil's value and then have to buy it back marked up from market prices
MakerDusk, we weren't there for the oil. We really DID think Iraq was making WMDs
Colt_Magnum I know, right?
00,10is the towns near it are having labor shortages
are the cracks?
11,02Going to restart computer, sorry, FMLE just won't end the process :<
Kandarihu: be realistic
13uh sb?
13ctrl+shift+esc
MakerDusk, be real
13kill process
00,10every one went to work on the pipline and there is no one left to run the mcdonalds
Hey, are there any Spider-Man afficionados in here?
Sumica: Well in Canada, nothing gets done if you dont got the moral highground, labor be damned
11,02I did that Shizuka, doesn't wanna work...
13:<
Kandarihu: I am, no physicists there
00,10so right now people are being offered 20/h to work fastfood joints
when physicists appear in such countries, they are rapidly assasinated
if there's no one to build it, it doesn't get built
Sumica: wait, r u canadian too?
00,10no
Sumica: but everthing there is accordingly expensive
Sumica: not that theres anything wrong with that
MakerDusk, well it turns out Saddam Hussein was still in the stage of "raise funds through exploiting the UN's Oil for Food program"
00,10it's happening even in northen US states too Colt_Magnum
Sumica: what is? 20/h for fastfood places?
Kandarihu: no, he was there at one point in the past, that's where the images were pulled from
Sumica: im not connecting that dots here
then the scientists were killed off
lolz at collecting bunny food in GW2 for the bunnies of the Hare Spirit
read your actual history and not the propoganda
DeadpoolDash: oooh u can make a bunnyfire!
00,10people quit working the jobs such as fast food worker to go work on the pipline
13oh lol today's xkcd
MakerDusk: History can be very shady..Take the war of 1812 for example, both sides claim victory
13(totally not a ploy to redirect the conversation)
He was trying to make it look like he really had nukes in order to dissuade Iran from invading.
Shizuka: you spoil, I slash kill
:p
13just refresh you silly filly
00,10so now inorder to keep workers they are paying them upwards of 20 an hour to keep being a fastfood worker
13until it shows up~
oil work pays good money, especially up here in Alaska
13anyway sleep time finally
I want to move to canada
13nacht ponies
Colt_Magnum: and the white house burned, burned, burned... and we're the ones that did it ^_^
night shizu
Night Shizuschlafen
I saw the xkcd already as well.
nite Shizuschlafen
Funny thing is, my pastor got married this past Saturday.
lol xkcd, i dont visit that site enough. good comics, lots of math though
Colt_Magnum: also, both sides did win
the canadians returned to what would become canada
and canada was left alone
back
and my chat is derping -_-
which is what the canadians set out to achieve
Hmm, I refreshed, but there's no stream
Confound these chat derps
00,10there is no stream because suppers system derped
MakerDusk: so really, it was some sort of fight club
MakerDusk: nvm that doesnt make sense
Colt_Magnum: pretty much
05Ponies47: i suggest tryign a 3rd party irc client
05might solve any derps
00,02Sumica, lol, just showed up to ask
both sides obtained what the people viewed as a victory
Wrek: I'm just guessing it's my computer. Besides it's replaced in about a week
00,10so give him a few and he should be back
MakerDusk: i guess when one side said they "won" we automatically assume the other side mustve had to lose
Sumica: http://derpiboo.ru/56414
http://bash.org/?953079 If this gets accepted, this will be where we'll see that incident of how I pointlessly woke Sumica up on Saturday morning.
Good evening everypony.
I just found out that there will be a brony convention in Canada next summer
:3
Polydunami|DW WHERE. TELL ME NOW.
chasing a jackalope in GW2
ello Canadian_Brony
evening Canadian_Brony
All I know, Canadian_Brony, is that it is in our very province
Hye Canadian_Brony
Colt_Magnum: not if history is written by both sides
*Hey
http://fillydelphia.com/sites/default/files/u3/today__s_a_day_for_awesome_by_tess_27-d3wpldq.png
damn it's quiet
then we were cemented by collaborations on a large scale classified in nature
Kandarihu: wtf is bash.org?
also
http://www.bronycan.com/index.html Here is the website for the convention
I love my security clearence when it comes to getting hidden histories ^_^
Colt_Magnum, it's a website that collects funny exchanges over IRC.
"And Fluttershy just fainted."
LoLz
join us
capitolists ftw!
00,10um what Kandarihu?
hmm that pony looks almost... Faustish
ohai Sumica
I just found that whole ordeal really funny.
SB should be back momentarily
Are you guys seeing something right now or are you all chatting about something different?
we're chatting
hi Wrek. It is?
/me rarely turns on the stream
/me dodges swats from the mods
does fire from lighting strikes in minecraft go out anymore?
05some speculate a 1percentage win from either side
00,10hard to say wrek, they never realy stop campaining any more
05im not suprised
Sumica: meanwhile https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_eROi3Idik
Canadian_Brony: Yeah. We're idiots :P
05each day that pass adn the president seems more and more liek a mascot ratehr than a political figure of power
Remember Saturday morning, how I tried to wake you up thinking you're supposed to be streaming Live HUB? But it was just Pound Puppies?
00,10all I know is they have stoped caling me cause i am the asshole that answers the phone with an airhorn
are both side bought by the same companies again?
Sumica: nice
Wrek the president has power?
we have servers the world over
05Canadian_Brony thats what i am mocking
00,02ohai SuperBrony64
00,10yeah already have streamed that before Colt_Magnum
hi Phase4
11,02Alright, got my computer working again ^_^
hi SuperBrony64
Guys! Sheesh!
SuperBrony64: Yay! ^^
I can't type
Sumica: Applecider speaks for itself
MakerDusk: ment that the majority of visiters, sorry its late for me
05realyl sweden should try and conquer a country. after 200 years of piece no one will ssupect us!
05suspect*
dat true man
I seem to log on to completely random servers even though I live in Canada :P
Wrek: for swedish ruler
00,10dem secret tank factorys right wrek
Wrek: O.O
I know! We
GODDAMT
FUUUU-
05Sumica: not even tanks
</horrible stereotype>
Wrek, the last thing the world needs right now is more chaos, especially for the sake of chaos.
05we are developing full mech suits
MakerDusk: tell me about it :/
O______O
nice
05a mix of sc2 marines and fallout powerarmor
O_O
Right now I'm on the fluttershy server which is located in Chicago somewhere
lolwut Wrek .
Sumica: gawd, its almost been over a year, actually it might be over a year now since Ive been a brony. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cP0f5rvVkAU Look at the age of this video..Time sure flies.
05plsu we have the most advanced fighter jets in the world
05one of the most*
Blast from the past everypony!
Polydunami|DW: wasn't that the one that derped hardcore earlier?
:p
11,02Back to stream :)
05and the gov wants to spend even more developign them
Tyrannausaurus Wrek s
there goes "Whose Line"
see told yas he'd be back soon
Stream's back. Refresh again
STREAM
I dunno, I wasn't paying attention to the chat MakerDusk :P
Imagine Dragons
Wrek: there is no peace, only breathing room
just sayin'
I would have thought the government would want to develop more stealthier technology rather than Fallout power armour :D
SuperBrony64: pls 1 more ponyvid for the night?
11,02Colt_Magnum: maybe...but for now, something different :)
SuperBrony64: applejack maybe
AdamTheDuck: that's for private corporations to do
Anyway, I'm done watching Doctor Who for the night
i am listening to the sealab theme on repeat
/me scratches his chin. "Hmmm . . ."
viva la corporate espionage
SuperBrony64: uuggh..Ur ganna keep me up all night arent u?
Eulshy, the only part of Sealab 2021 that my mom likes.
05AdamTheDuck: well with a suit that protect you from anything that isnt a tank round
Polydunami: still on first Dr?
Heard RE: ORC was a piece of shit. Confirm or deny, anyone?
05and alot more mobile
Wrek: until the first grenade...
05i can see the benefit of it
woo
or emp burst
05MakerDusk: hence personal shielding
Goin' to bed thanks for the ponies and KotH SB
05oh shit
05i wasnt suppsoed to say that
g'night JESmith71
nite JESmith71
Wrek: an invisible army of droid stormtroopers with jetpacks.
SuperBrony64: baby's
/me shall develop the counter measure
11,02Okay, night JESmith71 :)
05MakerDusk: pelase do :D
Wrek: lol ive lost track of the convo, what r u talking about?
I'm feeling like a directed energy weapon
HI GUYS
Wrek: Well then one would have to mass produce said advanced armour rather than make a single stealthier way to attack and having the enemy not know who to retaliate to.
05Colt_Magnum swedish supremacy over the world
Hi Pinkies4thWall
And speaking of Doctor Who...
YYUUSS DOCTOR!!
hi Pinkies4thWall
We watching the doctor?!
everypony, http://pinkies4thwall.tumblr.com/image/30302174347
I gotta get myself an XBOX controller. Most of the games I have on my Steam support it.
Hello Pinkies4thWall
It's the underrated one :P
OMG I havent watched a doctor who ep in forever!
Well g2g, bye guys :P
11,02Isn't it supposed to be a new doctor every season?
Pinkies4thWall: i want it!!!!
/me Has never seen a SINGLE episode of Doctor Who
Canadian_Brony: oh sweds r developing stealthsuits
bye AdamTheDuck
00,10no super
Bye AdamTheDuck
Ponies47: same
Canadian_Brony completely fictional of course
Can't hurt to start, Ponies47
SuperBrony64: -_(\
I'm actually starting up a small business
SuperBrony64: you see that link? :)
Malk_The_Texan coming from Wrek, we may never know.
11,02What?? I don't watch Doctor Who...
first product is going to be laser pulse guns
/me Is surprised no pony started raging at me or started tell me how great it is
And don't hold my whole country responsible for the MAFIAA either
Wrek's Swedish Canadian_Brony?
SuperBrony64: if they change every season we'd be on like the 50th doctor by now
keeping them in the MW range though
Malk_The_Texan yes he is.
Alright, gnite eveyrpony
cya all next week n stuff
Night Colt_Magnum
g'night Colt_Magnum
nite Colt_Magnum
Night Colt_Magnum
T_T
05yes i am Malk_The_Texan
we need a live webcam showing SuperBrony64 playing Just Dance
:P
05also MakerDusk
I'm still on the FIRST Doctor :S
Wrek MakerDusk?
05i hope the lotus was still satisfactory?
eyup
05yey <3
Has anypony here seen the movie "Battleship"?
no
it's got a permanent browser tab opened... I can't make myself close it XD
I've heard of it, Canadian_Brony
05Canadian_Brony: ive played the game
Wrek ception?
Only if Wrek is in a car accident, Malk_The_Texan :3
wonder what xbox will give you if you Bing My little pony
anyways, I've got to crash
next shift is at 7:30am
Night MakerDusk
nite MakerDusk
OMC the simpsons arcade Game
only one more week of 2 full time jobs to go
Oh, the memories.
I've only beat it once on the actual machine
bleh @ 20h days
Wrek then be careful if you watch movie. "Inspired by the board game" is a lie. Aliens, destroyers, and a Battleship from WWII that shouldn't even work because it's a museum. Strategy is mostly thrown out the window.
I could go on forever
Aw yeah. Simpsons Arcade game. I remember seeing that game in the arcades... back when the malls in the city I lived in had arcades.
oh wow, the simpson's arcade game?
with maggie being kidnapped and everything?
Job whats this J.O.B you speak of?
I beat it once on the arcade machine, got the high score:)
11,02Me too :3
Hmm, this IS a port after all
Fox
oh the arcade game
holy shit son
it is
oh yeah
hot damn
man this game
00,10at least they could do is full screen it
so many quarters
11,02Spectrum_Rush: IKR
I'll be back in a couple of minutes
SuperBrony64: /)
00,10tron on cable already
/me /)(\ Spectrum_Rush
Is it a bad thing that I've never stepped foot in an arcade and never played an arcade game?
:)
you haven't played gauntlet?
Canadian_Brony, arcades aren't around very much anymore.
oh man dat multiplayer lol
Lisa is the best
hey all!
hi tSparx
11,02GRabbing my arcade stick :3
11,02Sorry >3>
This looks like a Simpsons mod of Scott Pilgrim xD
who's he playing with?
And SB's streaming, yay!
except that scott pilgrim is a steaming pile of shit
movie or game?
Buytoast: Whoa there, sir, I respectfully disagree.
Game is good, movie's a guilty pleasure.
11,02tSparx: This game came out before Scott Pilgrim was ever thought up...
well the movie for sure
never played the game
is this the simpson arcade game?
you can respectfully disagree all you want, the movie is still shit
hi Kirbyboy. Eeyup.
SuperBrony64: I've never seen this game before. Maybe Scott Pilgrim's just a mod of this.
lol
Buytoast guilty pleasure.
IMO
this game is from the early 90s son
Need a player SB64?
Constantly abandon game
11,02MASF123|: Yeah :D
11,02If you want to join, go ahead :)
SuperBrony64 Dude just sent you an invite.
I could buy it right now
give me a sec
Helloe Everypony. :)
11,02Don't buy it if you don't want to o3o
one of the few times I kinda wish I had a 360. Upon reaching this conclusion, I remember a PS3 would be better.
11,02Hai Sabershy :)
hi Sabershy
Sup Sabershy
hewwo Sabershy
/me is considering buying CS:GO
wait for me to unlock it.
SuperBrony64 No, I was referring to Sorrowsedge
Wrek what is that?
11,02MASF123|: Okie :)
05the new counter strike re-hash
ah
I'm looking for a copy of "Need for Speed: Most Wanted" for the Gamecube
ok starting it up
if I can't find one locally, Amazon has one for $11 including shipping
Which one? pick lol
11,02Canadian_Brony: If I find one, I'll let you know :)
Lisa is the best
yeah
Be Lisa
yay
thx SuperBrony64, but I don't think you're very close to where I am . . .
California
time to find a map . . .
Canadian_Brony: Really? Or are you just kidding?
no, SB's from California
I'm directly north of him
Canadian_Brony: I meant about the finding a map thing. I thought you meant you needed to find where Cali is xD
I'm a little closer but not by much :P
There's still a political border between the countries :S
Dude, we should all get together on LIVe and play the X-Men Arcade game.
yeeeeeeah!
oh SB lives in california... as do i :)
Dat homer
tSparx|HmwkBnF no, I was calculating the distance between somewhere in California to where I am
11,02Arcade stick rules :3
which is atleast 1500km
11,02Dat 64
Who knows what can happen in a year; I could well be moving on with my life :3
Who are all these mooks?
I can't remember why I bothered to look that up
Whoops, I'm not AFK anymore :P
WB Polydunami
Anyway, I'm definitely going to the convention next summer.
Well, i'm back. hello again
WB Pinkies4thWall
team attack moves?
penis heads...
goddamn balloon
This sounds like G-Major :S
Nooooooo, not Snowball!!!
:(
dat cat
Whoa! o_o
SuperBrony64: are you going to equestria la? :3
SuperBrony64 team attacks moves...how?
already D:
Adding a hat, makes you tougher
You know your in for it when you fight a recoloered anemy
chat is so damn quiet
Well, he's dead.
00,02what is this
00,02and why wasnt i kicked
00,02theres the kick
Phase4|2 this is the Simpsons Arcade Game downloaded for the 360. I don't know why.
00,02why is bart dressed in blue?
team attack first
11,02;~;
Who the buck knows.
00,02XD
Yep that hapens
A better question to ask would be the chat is so quiet?
owwww
/me RAISES HELL
/me lowers hell
/me Levels hell
/me raises all hell
-_(\
00,02so
I don't think Moe can afford an establishment that big.
/me eats hell
00,02are there actually three players there?
so what?
stand still next to a player
for team attack
Your gunna die
i know
Phase4 yes. This is an online game.
00,02ah
That's awesome!
Does the simpsons game remind anyone else of the SNES Beavis and Butthead game?
/me replaces Hell with a posh club and puts the chat inside it
the what now?
pfft, Posh
/me exits the RP
Canadian_Brony: My inner Rarity showing *blush*
What is this game? 6_9
/me replaces the posh club with a totally bitchin' club.
Rarity is not "Posh". She is a fashion designer with an eye for detail.
MASF123| SuperBrony64 almost out of credits
CiderIsForDrinking the Simpsons Arcade Game downloaded for he 360.
hi
11,02We have 28 left o3o
orly?
05Canadian_Brony: may be, but she wouldnt midn beign posh
Canadian_Brony: Idk how you use the word, but my friends and I have always taken posh to mean refined, upper-class.
05and she clearly doesnt mind pretending
Okay, I'm going to a memorial tomorrow so I need all the rest I can get. Goodnight everypony and I will see you tomorrow.
The simpsons game, inside the simpsons game
Simpsonception
i can see all my quarters going to this game
That's when Marge was pregnant, Eulshy :3
Night Poly!
Is that... Moe?
I'm out
Derpy_Hooves Gotcha.
tSpx|HmwBnF when I hear "posh", I picture an extreme germaphobe (beyond Rarity's standards) with an obviously fake accent. I would also expect them to be a bureaucrat.
seeya poly-
ugh
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Newbie Artist Training Grounds II: Day 26
BOULDER
Tom? Where?
BOULDERS
ok
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
05posh is probably the wrong word
Canadian_Brony: I certainly don't associate the word with that. Maybe it's a difference in our nations, or maybe I'm wrong.
i have adblock plus and MIPS DECIDES TO STILL SHOW ADDS\\
nite poly
I'm just wrong*
00,02JRP|mumsPC, you need easylist and fanboys list
link?
tSpx|HmwBnF I'm not sure if there really is a defined defenition for "posh"
00,02JRP|mumsPC, in the adblock plus config window theres a thing to add filters
dw i dound it
I accidentally set the chat as an ad once.
and
Blinky!
STILL THERE
I clicked a little bubble labelled "block" and it dissapeared
took me half an hour to get it back
sideshow bob!
it took me 5 seconds
00,02JRP|mumsPC, your doing something wrong because i've got those lists and its perfect
i did it just before
Sideshow Bob helping Bart... that's just wrong.
00,02Canadian_Brony, i never accidentally clicked but i always did hate those block tabs
00,02Canadian_Brony, theres an option to remove them
DO A BARREL ROLL
Phase4: nope i give up it can go fuck itself
Derpy_Hooves Don't you mean "Do a bear-rel roll?"
00,02some of these attacks seem damned near imposible to dodge
Phase4 I found a convenient use for them. I've had to manually block a few ads, but I've also made a couple unwanted things disappear.
00,02its almost like the game is designed to consume credits
Homer's fatass
AAAAAAAAAHHHHH!
Phase4 It's a conspiramacy!
HATE
THIS WORLD
TRIPPY
00,02so
00,02homers dream?
tommoerow is my birthday :)
ACHIEVMENT!!!!
Flying donuts on clouds
Flyboy: Sweet :3
I think I'm high.
00,02wawwawawawawa waaaaaaaaaaaa
Canadian_Brony: I think I want some of what you're smoking O.o
I don't know what I'm on, but you can have all of it.
I sure as hell don't want it.
/me Gives Phase4 a Bart plushie that say "Waaaaaaaa" when you hug squeze it
00,02Ponies47, :3
Electricution. Electricution everywhere..
shocking ist it?
Phase4: :3
dat lame pun
/me Takes out his Rarity plushie, Hugs her and she says "WA HA HA" when I hug her :3
/me wishes he had a Rainbow Dash plushie but is too picky and broke to buy one
/me mostly broke
No. I'm just joking. I don't have any pony plushies :<
well everypony, i think i shall be off to bed..thanks for the stream SuperBrony64 and see yall later
If I have money and such and if I can find 1. I'll most likely get a pony plushie at Canterlot Gardens
00,02dem arms
Night NocturnalBlade
11,02That's it for stream everypony, stay tuned for Wrek up next :)
g'night NocturnalBlade
wow
Night NocturnalBlade
11,02Thanks for tuning in ^_^
00,02is this like the bear barron bowling ball?
Thank you SuperBrony64 for the always awesome stream.
/me 00,02hugs SuperBrony64
SuperBrony64: Thanks for streaming!
Thanks for the stream SuperBrony64
00,02slappy slappy
Wrek: And thanks for streaming!
Thank you SuperBrony64. :)
So. Anypony see my new Avatar on Steam? :3
What's your steam? :3
Ponies47 no, I haven't checked Steam in a while. I'll get right on it
dammit, it's updating
AdamTheDuck: Ponies47
11,02Going to keep going till Wrek is ready :)
I should've guessed :D
AdamTheDuck: Duh :P
Ponies47: dat mafia fluttershy
lolwut, Simpsons? :D
SB64's giving us a bonus round! Haha
lol
gmod 13 beta o.o
Hmm... Can anyone tell me how to work HexChat? :D
wha . . .
I'm tired of site chat derpin' all the time.
get used to it
I am
Ponies47 LoLz nice pic man.
00,02i wonder what the minimum amount of credits to complete this is
I use a 3rd party client. I've tried using the on-site client a few times, and it's not terrible, but I much prefer this.
AdamTheDuck: What's your Steam? :3
Canadian_Brony: IKR?
anypony know whats new in the gmod 13 beta?
Ponies47: AdamTheDuck :P
AdamTheDuck: Search and all I found was adamhooper3
*Searched
Ponies47: Check Brony Movie Night group
Dem credits! :O
LAST LEVEL
Oh no!
only 10 credits left! D:
Ponies47: Ok... I just did a search on BMN group and I didn't appear :D
11,02FINAL BOSS
AdamTheDuck: You did for me. But your spaced out like Adam The Duck
so why is smuckers robbin shit?
Added AdamTheDuck
Ponies47: Nice pic xD
tSpx|Hwk: Thanks XD
block butoon plz?
button
c;mon kill snackers
annihilate him
fuuuu-
wat
00,02i remember smithers being a little different
00,02when did monty get that suite?
suite or suit?
00,02the one whats spelled right
both are correct spellings
sb64 team attack
very different words
00,02the one burns is in
oh
I can't help you. Never played the original.
goddammit losa, kill him
losa?
Canadian_Brony: Loser
I think
00,02not sure which one sb is
hmmph
he;s the fat balding ape
Oh, no, Lisa*
11,02I'm Bart
sounds about right
wait no
oh...
he's the little bastard
YAY'
00,022 credits
00,02cutting it clsoe
00,02close'
11,02Yay :D
HAHAHAHA!!!! :D
congrats
00,02XD
JAPAN ROOM UNLOCKED!
11,02Dat Credits skip
That diamond
Another go?
00,02so was marge the 4th player that we didnt see?
11,02Okay, Wrek is ready now, thanks for tuning in :)
eeyup
11,02Phase4: Yesh
Thx SuperBrony64
Eh....
ok then
:)
dat utter disregard for credits
Thanks for the stream SuperBrony64 :)
11,02Could've had my sister to play >3>
Thanks again SB!
Hey Phase4, how the hell do I get HexChat working? :|
11,02Np :)
FFFAAAANNKKKYOOOOOUUUU
00,02AdamTheDuck, magnets and duct tape
Seems legit
Thanks for the stream SuperBrony64
My stream is broken
Phase4: XD
00,02AdamTheDuck, there should be a button labled 'add server' or something like that, details are on http://ponychat.net
05imc razy adn you know it
Hey SuperBrony64
00,02AdamTheDuck, if you choose ssl, and you should, theres an option to accept invalid certs which you might need to chose
You need to complete the game with different characters to unlock other content,
Phase4: Cool thanks
More DOOM O.O
Yay DOOM!
looks like another stream for tomorrow? Character swap?
AdamTheDuck: Also you can type (w/out quotes) "/attach irc.ponychat.net"
Back in my day, cod was a fish.
AdamTheDuck: And then to get here "/join #BronyState"
Oh look Doom
00,02tSpx|Hwk, /attach? i use /server, not sure what the difference is if any
11,02Okay MASF123| :)
I Sorrow on tomorrow?
is
Phase4: Both commands work on this client, though I didn't know that.
Haha
2-players is NOT enough. O_o
wait, is Wrek streaming?
Yep
Yeah Wrek is streaming
awesome
dat blood effect... i think i just came
Lol. Came.
i will be on later tommorrow
(I of course attach to twilightsparkle.ponychat.net, because I want my /whois to flood you with thoughts of purple introverts like me)
Derpy_Hooves where you playing?
yes >.>
00,02tSpx|Hwk, /)
Your Sorrow?
yes
oh ok
:D
Phase4: (\
Can you find a 4th player
Because that game was hard.
pretty sure i can
that game was designed to be hard
its a classic
I unlocked sound test for clearing the game with Lisa
a classic beat'em up
i also like the scott pilgrim one
That game was designed just likeany old aracde game to eat your quarters! :D
But it's fun as hell.
i also like the scott pilgrim one
I have Scott Pilgrim, but it's not online...really Ubisoft...it's the year 2012. And it was released like last yaer!
year
I need to get myself a copy of Doom. This looks intense. This is a SNES game, right?
a game made when everyone wasn't such a little bitch about offending the stupid ravenous mobs of idiots with internet and media access*
Oh no wait...music test I unlocked not sound test.
Canadian_Brony: Doom is a PC game
doom, a game that knew shotguns before they were cool
Canadian_Brony: I know it had a port to some console(s), but I couldn't tell you which one(s)
well good night everypony
going to bed now
g'night Dovah
Night Dovah and Derpy!
i believe it did have a SNES port
in a red catridge
night Derpy_Hooves
Night Derpy_Hooves
Ok see you Derpy_Hooves
thx tSpx|Hwk and Buytoast. I'll just do a bit of research n' stuff
Night Dovah
night Dovah
Was Doom the first FPS or was it Wolfenstein?
see you Dovah
oh befor I go Ponies47 if i remeber we have the same time zone, do you ever sleep?
Sleep is for the weak :P
Dovah: Yeah we both live in Wisconsin and not until 4:00 AM :p
Or so
Damn right, AdamTheDuck
...I"m gonna to sleep.
Wisconsin?
Night MASF123|
Ponies47: lol I see i cant do that cuz i as shitz to do in the morings
damned cheeshead
yeah, off to bed for me too
G'night MASF!
g'night pala
cheesehead*
AdamTheDuck not now I ment soon or in a while
Night to you too pala- annnnnnd he's gone
Dovah: I don't :P
Dovah: Atleast not yet :P
Ponies47: Not. Cool.
Dovah: Sorry :<
i bet you support the pakers too, don't you
er, packers
Not much into sports
Does anyone else here watch the Fiery Joker (joschscorher) reviews of MLP?
Ponies47: well I go now I shalt see you speak tomarrow (and probobly ignore most of it :P)
never heard of him
Dovah: Oh you XD
well, then i suppose you're not all bad
and the wisconsin state fair is pretty enjoyable
test
oh cool it works :D
for a sec I thought you were ghosting
Buytoast: Wisconsin stereo type: It's too cold to be sober!
Phase4, what's this about ssl options?
Morning :)
These graphics aren't bad.
Mornin' MaxTheBrony
hi MaxTheBrony
I go to bed between 3:00 and 4:00 AM and then wake up at 9:00 AM but the last 2 days I've been getting lazy and just goign back to bed after my alarm clock wakes me up :S
On the SNES or Genesis they look crappy.
Hey MaxTheBrony!
that's because this is pc master race
Hi Max!
Heya AdamTheDuck_ Canadian_Brony and Ponies47 tSpx|Hwk :)
hi XAX
Damn you all! stop saying stuff I can comment on as I am leaving!!!
Heya XAX :)
:P
Hi Canadian_Brony & MaxTheBrony
POW POW POW! Blood everywhere!
ohai there XAX
Dovah: Hello
Sup XAX
:P
Hello XAX
& AdamTheDuck_ & tSpx|Hwk
Hey XAX
wrek can we do doom co-op via dosvox
& MASF123| & Ponies47 :<
dosbox*
XAX: Sad face? O.O
you know what? fuck this *mutes computer and turns off monitor*
XAX, your pronouce your nick like Zacks?
is it Phase or wrek?
WRek
ah
MaxTheBrony Wrek is playing
is streaming
/me Thinks XAX doesn't like him :'(
Ponies47: :< because had to keep typing his
hi's*
When in doubt: Punch the living sh*t out of it
XAX: Oh
Is this some kind of remake?
:P
IDK
Look at all those dead carcasses.
MaxTheBrony this is the PC version of Doom II IIRC
MaxTheBrony: This is good ol' Doom.
MaxTheBrony: its a port of doom to pc but its be modified
cause it looks pretty good :)
so much carnage
so litle time
I love it
WRek your good at Doom?
JRP|mumsPC: Let's be clear: Doom was built on PC, ported everywhere else.
lol
no
I need to find out where I can get the original SNES game
tSpx|Hwk: doom was made for dos
Wrek, your a Doom Veteran?
Let the internet argument begin! :D
JRP|mumsPC: DOS being an operating system for a PC...
no
O.o i cant see the resemblance with this and Doom 3 :p
Damn... HexChat doesn't have pony emoticons... :'(
Doomguy is the original Heavy.
and thats why you stay on BS :)
Chaingin all the way
pc is gernral name for a computer with windows
Doomguy was Heavy before Heavy was Heacy
*Heavy
JRP|mumsPC: Well then, what is DOS?
Sasha belonged to Doomguy firat
first
fuck wrek i need to know what the port is called and mods
so awsome
Then Doomguy lost it and bought a new one
It would pretty cool if Heavy got Doom chaingun , soldier has the Quake Rocketlauncher
Lol.
Yeah
JRP|mumsPC: nonono, I hate this, it's the most annoying thing from a computer geek's perspective about modern culture: a PC is any computer meant for personal use.
-
Yeah...multiuses
It became popularly synonymous with Windows PCs, but this is incorrect.
hi MalkisAFK
Ohai MalkisAFK
I think he's AFK
just sayin;
*sayin'
Hi im back I made myself a sandwhich
:D
WB MalkisAFK. Enjoy your Sandvic
*sandvich
I can't spell today
dem corrections xD
Welcome back MalkisAFK
wrek holy fuck.....
soooo many stuff
Wrek you are totally beasting this.
A Turkey sandvic with french bread swiss cheese avocado and tomatos
Phase4:
Its tasty
nah what will make you say that?
sandvich
So Tasty
explaine the diffret betwen windows and dos
windows is for people who dont know what does is JRP
dos
seems legit
Windows for me
Ponies47
Wait that's me :P
you can't ping yourself
I've tried
Windows and Linux for me
I know Canadian_Brony :P
and yes, that is you.
Somone go redo this chaingun for tf2 :D?
DOS is a family of operating systems, they were text-based. MS-DOS was Microsoft's variant of DOS. Then, when Windows added the modern Windows system (based largely off the X Window Management system) that lets you have programs open in windows on your computer, they named their new OS after that feature.
Windows and Linux for me too.
MaxTheBrony Ill get strait to work on that after my Barbie girl parody and a pony version of me
:D
and that feature stuck forever
Yep Brohoof tSpx
k
I miss pony emoticons, back to BronyState for me. :D
6_9 like this?
Yay ponies!
:D
:)
Who needs reliable IRL's when you have ponies.
Here comes the endless spamming of ponies
Exactly AdamTheDuck :)
There's gotta be a way to integrate the pony emoticons into my client, but I've yet to tinker around with it.
Lol O.o wrek was walking on their heads :P
Ponies and Brony Friends
FOREVER
<3 :)
and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever...etc
I would stay for more, but I need to be up at 7:30am today and it's almost 1:00am.
I'm hitting the hay. G'night everypony.
Gnight Canadian_Brony :)
Hmm, I have the urge to put Doom The Movie on my vote for Movie Night now... :D
night Canadian_Brony !
Night Canadian_Brony
Thank you Wrek for the always awesome stream *yawn* n'stuff.
Good Night Canadian_Brony hope to see you back
:P
Woaa
looks pretty badasss
I'll be back.
with them blue balls
Well I'm off once again, bye everyone :P
hope so Canadian_Brony
It's good to have pony emotes back :D
Bye AdamTheDuck :)
Ponies and bronies and BronyState streaming, Mane6 and Kerbals and pony-face beaming, mod colours, madness, and new friends to bring, these are a few of our favorite thigns.
hey tSpx|Hwk Thank you for being our knowledge base and references for the whole chat because we are almost all asleep
:D
And I mean that in a serious manner not a joking one
wrek what doom is this ?
MalkisAFK: I'm worried that you're being sarcastic, but that's probably just because I'm secretly increidlby socially unsure of myself.
MalkisAFK: Yay you weren't insulting me! Haha, thanks :) *blush*
This looks funnier than most games that come out "today"
Not at all I have a weird responce where the more tired I am the more social and sometimes Serious tSpx|Hwk
MalkisAFK: Well, my sleep schedule has descended into madness, so it's pure luck that I'm wide awake at 3am (UTC-5) xD
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Nightly Roundup #420
tSpx|Hwk same here I sleep at random times at the day
tSpx|Hwk rarely at night
thats no good :P
MalkisAFK: Well classes start tomorrow so I'll have to start switching back around, but generally, during the summer, if I can, I go to bed around sunrise.
/me Yawns
Sleepy time
Night everypony :)
tSpx|Hwk Tough luck I just graduated High School so my first semester im doing online at my college
Night Ponies47
Night Ponies47~
MalkisAFK: I'm at college, like physically living here xD
Dorm?
Yep yep :) I don't live very far from my school, but I can afford to live on campus and my parents very much wanted me to.
I even have the same room as I did last year
I live 10-15 minutes from my college so not bad but doing online right now so doesnt matter
So yeah. Good night wubs and all that other squee
Ok sweet pony dreams
gotcha
But when I transfer to Texas A&M I might get a dorm or live with my grandparents
See you all in about 5 to 6 hours. I know I need 8 hours but... I DON'T GIVE A BUCK! :D
8 hours of sleep is for the sane.
I get 12
every 2 days
well 1.5
05fucking hell
Well, I guess that means I am sane, tSpx|Hwk.
Goodnight everypony! :)
Nigth Savershy
Sabershy: Night!
/me Slams his head into his desk knocking himself out for the next few hours
Says great now lets take his pony collectables
I call the rainbowdash
/me calls either the T-Sparx or P-Pie one
10000000000000 Years dungeon!!!
i call his sister!
BWAHAHAHA
Only mulestia or celestia can give me dungeon Flyboy
Trollestia too
her too
oh really...
even then dungeon is like space camp in equestria
MUAHAHAHAHAHA would you like freis with that?
fries*
/friendship Nightmare_Moon --harmony
oh you SONOVA B- OW MY FACE
:p
haha
That's what you get for wildly gesticulating while being evil and making fries... Luna!
looks up everyones steam and friend request them even though I dont know them
:)
hey tSpx|Hwk I got a certificate for my gradation from my grandparents
MalkisAFK: A) Why are you still nick'd AFK
MalkisAFK: B) I know you meant graduation, I'm gonna pretend you meant degradation :P
degradation?
MalkisAFK: Fancy noun for the act of making fun of and/or belittling someone.
MalkisAFK: Hence the term, "I found this degrading!"
:3
Whence*
tSpx|Hwk ok now that you had your fun ask about the certificate
Oh wow, that was the most pretentious thing I ever posted here lol
Boy use big word hurt head
MalkisAFK: Lol, alright fine: what kinda certificate?
A certificate for a brand niew car tSpx|Hwk
new
Aw yeah :D
MalkisAFK: Any specific car?
tSpx|Hwk nope just 20,000 dollars for any I want
:O
Awesome!
MalkisAFK: That's awesome!
Yay wish it was cash
but then again I know how I would spend it so shes smart to make it a certificate
:P
on ponies
MalkisAFK: Haha, if I had 20,000 all at once, I would spend it on... er, somethign that isn't particularly useful.
So I'd want it in certificate form.
Ya
WOOOOOO more brutal mod
eyup
Hey Xylem
Hi Xylem
Hello!
Nice to meet you XylemTube hows your morning?
I guess my /friendship was *too* powerful :/
Heya XylemTube :)
tSpx|Hwk can you recommend a car by the way?
I'm years away from buying a car, so I don't know what's in that price range really.
MalkisAFK: my morning is alright. I'ma find a job
Buy a PT cruiser
I heard the honda civics good
Those look cool
and then buy a motorcycle
MalkisAFK: The only thing I'd say is that you want a coupe/sedan/etc., and that you REALLY WANT A STICKSHIFT. Even if you don't know how to drive one, learn.
So worth it.
XylemTube thats good and good luck
Xylem Gl on the job hunt! Recently unemployed myself, I'll race you :P
tSpx|Hwk I know im just how you say lazy
MalkisAFK: Lol.
haha
:D
tSpx|Hwk you do get better mileage but you know diffrence from knowing and driving like that everyday
Nice, this game has assasinations
MalkisAFK: What? I can't decide if I missed something or if that sentence doesn't make sense, but it doesn't make sense to me.
haha , that sentence is pretty unreadable
and how am I gonna talk on my cell phone and eat chicken and do manual same time?
PT Cruiser
MalkisAFK: YOu find a way.
Eulshy you better get commission for pushing them PT Cruisers
And on the highway of course you never have to shift.
Well, "never," no. Seldom though.
tSpx|Hwk well well you never ever have to if you get automatic
I love this shotty
the double barreled one
tSpx|Hwk no responce...?
I wish the engi got the Dubble barreld Shotgun And heavy got the chaingun from this game :)
MalkisAFK: Yeah, but seriously, it never gets my way anymore. As I tell people, "I can do it manually when I need to, and I do it automatically when I don't."
I keep getting reminded that there are 85 people in this room seems like only 6 are chatting
yeah , that happens :p
everyone is asleeep
eccept for us cause we weird
;)
In a good way
MalkisAFK: Though if I got to buy a car in that price range, it would be a newer (and better-taken-care-of) version of the car I currently drive: I own a '97 non-SH, I'd get an '01 Honda Prelude SH
Speak english not car talk
MalkisAFK: It's only a 4-cylinder, but with a DOHC system and some clever engineering, you get a lot of bang for your buck.
MalkisAFK: Oh, sorry xD
So, Honda sells a 2-door car, the Prelude. I drive a 1997 edition, they stopped making them in 2001.
tSpx|Hwk I can only talk simple this early in the morning
MalkisAFK: They're something of a collector's item, so they're often well taken care of, but they're only *something* of a collector's item, so you can definitely find it for under 20 grand.
Hope you guys are happy because in 4 years ill be taking care of your internet and landlines so dont make me mad
MalkisAFK: It's a 5-speed (in manual) car that is really sport for a non-sports car. I can get up to 90 mph without even noticing it, haha, and my car was treated like shit before I bought it.
tSpx|Hwk, what is a "collectors" thing?
MalkisAFK: The 2001 Honda Prelude Sport's Handling (SH) edition was ranked best car of the year (in its price-range) by Car & Driver.
Nooooooooo
2 words Honda Prius tSpx|Hwk
morning everyone
MelaPonie: the Honda Prelude
MalkisAFK: What?
05dammit
/me laughs to herself
Good morning Good morning its time to say good morning SirGanjalf
T-SPARX!!!
DAT PURPLE
you know.. im not sure but i think the streamer like Twilight
likes
:$ you like me?
:)
BRUTAL DOOM
eyup
That "u" should have "umlaut":P
tSpx|Hwk I think I can get a good deal since this is near the end of this model year
/me laughs with MelaPonie
oh no the early morning people are starting to wake up
Ok well nice talkin to you guys see ya later today bye bye bronies hello sleep
Peace MalkisAFK
That was needlessly cruel xD
it's almost 4 AM why am i up?
Ill leave my self in here but im really afk now
Alright y'all, it's about 4, I have classes in 6 hours and I've only slept about 12 hours in the last three days. Zzz time for me. Night!
11,02Night tSparx :D
11,02Yay, dis room is still alive
00,02XD
00,02its still the tech suport room afaik
11,02I still can't get in to Celestia >:(
00,02theres a celestia room?
11,02It's a super secret admin room >3>
00,02i know theres a luna room i'm not allowed in
11,02That none of the admins even use anymore...but I WANT IN DAMMIT ><
11,02But yeah, nopony uses the Luna room either :/
11,02They're just there to attract dust >3>
00,02i'd rather if they did, dont really like skype
11,02Why?
11,02with Skype you can get a backlog of messages and tell when somepony else is typing
00,02and how often do you use those features :P
11,02><
11,02All the time :)
Good morning, Bronysta-- OMG IS THAT DOOM II?!
Morning Gold_Demona
IT IS!!!
00,02excluding the typing one :<
Oh my childhood! ^^
This is LATE in the game, too.
Looks like a weapons mod.
Man, I had SO many Doom 2 mods back in the day.
Wow, the chat's really dead...
Yep :>
11,02Honestly, I like being able to come back online and see the past messages on Skype.
11,02On IRC, you can't do that unless you're connected the entire time :/
Kill that Cacodemon!
hey guys
Hi alexxm
how you doing Gold_Demona
Oh! This isn't the regular game, I see.
I'm doing alright alexxm. Just logged on myself
Woah! What powerup was that? I don't remember ever seeing that in the game
This is Brutal Doom
For those that get bored with the regular game, I take it?
heh, dat broken scren.
screen*
00,02you can use an irc bouncer, or otherwise keep it online. the problem i have is that skypes interface is bad and it wont stop making noises
11,02You can always turn off the sounds on Skype :/
Holy crap, that's a lot of demons. I'd've been dead like two seconds into this.
11,02Or set 'Do Not Disturb' mode
00,02i set the do not disturb mode
00,02it keeps blinking the taskbar anyway
00,02very noisy program
11,02Well...it just started doing that in the latest update because before it wouldn't blink at all in DnD mode :/
Good morning Bronystate! DOOM <3
Hiya MadSurge. I had the same reaction. lol
Gold_Demona: Doom 2 was my first "serious" game :D
MadSurge: Doom 2 was my first FPS
I played the holy crap out of that game.
I suck at shooters though, so I always played with IDDQD. :P
Gold_Demona: Well. I finished at least in too young to die before knowing of the codes :D
lol
I could never finish the game fair. That last level I could never figure out
Who's strea-oh nevermind, it's Wreky
I always had to use IDCLIP and shoot the head on a spike to finish it.
Which if I remember right was the developer's head.
idspispopd was the noclip code in doom 1 if i remember right
I didn't play Doom 1, so I couldn't tell ya
Gold_Demona: that's kinda unintuitive eh? Shoot the exposed brain using the platform's elevation to time it
doom1 used to scare the crap outta me when i was a kid
especially the noise the pinky demon does when it notices you
Alchemist: idspispopd, one of the first internet jokes :D
MadSurge: really? Im not aware of that. I didnt have internet till about 1998
I wonder if I still have any Doom Wads lying around somewhere...
Take out id, and the initials mean "smashing pumpkins into small piles of putrid debris" :D
heh
O_O what does that even mean? :D
what is the background for this, or the reason they made this acronym as a noclip code?
If i remember correctly it was some guy joking about the still unnamed game's name ( it was beta testers I think)
Is this mode just waves of Imps, Barons, and Cacodemons?
Oh and regular Demona
demons*
Gold_Demona: THROW MORE MONSTERS AT HIM
Throw in an Arachnotron or two
Heh, RIP AND TEAR! mode :D
Maybe just a Spiderdemon
cracking visor upon dmage? more realism than cod where you get strawberry jelly on screen upon damage? how?
Victory!
Fatality!
Gold_Demona: no cyberdemons though please
Nooooo, I hate cyberdemons. o_o
oh and I just recently read that one of the "famous" speedrunners of doom wads is hungarian :)
Maybe a Mancubus or two.
Archviles :D
REVENANTS D:
/me hugs dat Phase4 :3
/me 00,02hugs SuperBrony64 back
Ugh, Revenants! I hated those two
Today, chat is ded .__.
too*
huh
chat seems rather ded
Yep
SPLAT
Doing all this with a rifle? Ya nuts?
YOU ARE HUUUGE! THAT MEANS YOU HAVE HUGE GUTS!!
Dat Circle Straife
/me hugs MadSurge
Ok, the rifle's superpowered, nevermind
Gold_Demona: level design at its finest
Hey alexxm :)
YAAAAAY
Dude, this rifle's twice as powerful as how the shotgun normally is
how've things been MadSurge
There's the shotgun, lol
alexxm: *shrugs* normal I guess
I always loved hitting the pink demons in the face with the rocket launcher
hai everypony :3
Hello Spell_of_Gaming
how've things been Spell-of-Gaming
Who's streaming?
Wrek is streaming
Hey Spell-of-Gaming! Wreky is
...Wrek, how long have you been playing this?
Let me guess... at least 8 hours, right?
Spell-of-Gaming: beats me, I got up at 10:30 AM today :D
BLUE ARMOR
hell yeah
It's like... 5:17 PM here.
I spied a while ago, and saw Wrek streaming.
It's 4:17 AM here:)
Why am i not asleep
It's 5:18am over here right now
Eulshy: awww, go to bed!
And that "a while ago" was pratically like, 5 hours ago.
I just got OUT of bed. =P
MadSurge I can't, my brother has all these annoying lights on
Well tell him to turn on not-so-annoying lights. :P
Eulshy: aw shit, light keeps me awake too D:
Rvil fings
Gold_Demona: wow, early bird eh?
I keep looking over at him, he's playing WoW
at least you have lights in your room
MadSurge: I wake up with my husband. He's the early bird. =P
My room has no walls
I make his breakfast, pack his lunch and shove him out the door to work.
I hate my school's schedule.
The entire basement floor has no walls
I have to be an early bird.
so i see all the lights
Gold_Demona: what does your hubby do?
MadSurge: He loads trucks at a milk bottling plant.
Mmm milk
He puts the finished product onto the trucks
Gold_Demona: so he's big and strong? :D
I need to go to school before 7:00 am.
Ugh.
Strong yes, but not big. He's tall and kinda lanky. =P
Thank god it's National Hero's Day here.
I'ma go yell at my brother to go to bed so i can turn these lights off.
Goodnight hopefully
Gold_Demona: Aww yeah!
Are these monsters seriously killing someone in a weapons room...?
Stupid AI.
lol, Sure looks like it
This level needs some Commander Keens. =/
Durr, I have too many headcanons.
I think my head is gonna explode.
Gold_Demona: that was so awesome, I liked Commander Keen too :D
I never played Commander Keen, actually. I was referring to the Commander Keen easter egg in Doom II. XD
In that one bonus level where you had to kill the four Commander Keen figures to open the exit
After shooting past all the Wolfenstein Nazis, lol
Gold_Demona: yeah, I know :D
heh
Actually... Now that I think about it, Wolfenstein was actually my first FPS. XD
I wanna Wrek try one of those insane mods where it's you vs a million enemies :D
whoa
ARCHVILE
Archviles are annoying.
BEST RESPAWN POINT EVER :D
00,02what is this i dont even
So much nostalgia watching this game. :3
Hello Phase4!
00,02ohai
how you doing Phase4
00,02i'm good
Dang cacodemons
Wrek what time is it at where your at?
you're
0511:34am
^
wow...no wonder why your up.
It's 5:35 a.m. here. I have to sleep in a bit
1:35am here
00,02MASF123, DeadpoolDash: y u no sleep more
5:35am, except I just woke up.
Phase4...nightmares and insomia
i am a night person, the sun is my enemy
00,02MASF123, fair enough
That is such a cool powerup.
Stangely enough I had a nightmare before I played with SB64 and Derpy_hooves
I have to get me some breakfast.
Yeah me too.
Deadpool: are you a vampire?
There was a similar power up in the Catacombs game :D
nope, too hairy to be a vamp
11,02Really? o.o
Are those hellknights or barons? I can't tell...
Hey SuperBrony64! :)
I think Hellknights
11,02Hai :3
I know the knights are the browner ones and the barons are the pinker ones, but I can't tell what color they are in all that red.
It's nice watching somebody play who's actually good at this game. XD
11,0211:34 AM? Wow, I'm asleep by then, you should get some rest >>
/me eats cereal while watching the pixelated carnage
Who get some rest?
Gold_Demona: their scream is more high pitched
11,02Also, Wrek, not watching the stream atm, but I have a request...
11,02Can I have a copy of your awesome art powers? I'll pay for shipping if I have to :I
You cannot escape!
Haha, can't find monsters? EXCELLENT LEVEL DESIGN
Y R The Simpsons achievements so hard? WHY? :O
lol, yeah, just blow up the corpses. XD
lol clipping
00,02goodbye level
Aha!
Found him
00,02o_O
cheats lol
00,02how did he get there
01,04Phase4 o-o
he used clipping I heard
Someone failed to spawn I see
05now ive done all the invasion levels
03,02S06,02u04,02p07,02e08,02r09,02B03,02r06,02o04,02n07,02y08,02609,02403,02,06,02 04,02O07,02_08,02O
11,02You're mah friend ^-^
05brb coffee ;D
/me hugs Phase4 and Wrek :D
11,02Wrek, can I has some too :3c
/me 00,02hugs SuperBrony64 and Wrek
Mmm coffee
11,02Two spoonfuls of Whiskey please.
Mmmmm Donuts.
I like donuts. =D
I want only donuts, coffee is ew :D
Eat all the pastries!
11,02MadSurge: :<
11,02But...coffee is cool ;~;
Mmmm....Pink Pony.
11,02Tea is way better though >3>
I like my coffee with LOTS of milk and LOTS of sugar
SuperBrony64: then it's just me :D
Gold_Demona, Pfffffffffft casual
Coffee tastes bad...well for me.
lol
I don't like coffee if I don't sweeten the crap out of it. :P
I don't like hot drinks... if it's not chocolate :D
Mmmmm....Hot choclate.
I like Coffee with chocolate. Mmmmm mocha. ^^
/me foams out mouth
*fills mug with milk* *heats milk in microwave* *adds instant coffe and sugar* *drinks happily*
English chocolate muffins are awesome <3
I like my coffee black as a moonless night and bitter and hot than hell itself.
D'oh!
CrimsonPhoenix: to each his own
heh
Mon visage quand noone got the reference
11,02I liek mah cookies with chocolate chips o.o
CrimsonPhoenix: ace attorney? :D
there we go
SB64, have you signed up for Xbox Rewards?
Hell yeah Godot
Mmmm chocolate chip cookies
05just gona nom some lunch
11,02MASF123: Yesh :D
I just nomed breakfast. :D
11,02I'm going to nom on mah pillow soon -3-
Mmm pillow
Well it's almost lunch time here too
Mmmmm....Hot pillows.
/me foams out mouth
Ooh! I love this music track! =D
Doom II had awesome music. :3
Gold_Demona: yep
MadSurge: Have you ever heard the Doom album on OC Remix?
Gold_Demona: only a few tracks I think
I like the one that was made to this track.
I've always wanted to hear this song played with actual instruments.
Like the "electric guitar" that's playing here
so much turning FPS sometimes make me dizzy.
And this game is faux 3d. It's a lot worse in games with ACTUAL 3d. =P
What do you mean?
Doom 2's graphics engine isn't actually 3d. It's a two dimensional map with two-dimensional graphics. The raised structures and such give the illusion of 3d.
but isn't the map 3D?
nope
05basically advanced raytracing
What about Resident Evil 1 and 2?
I heard they aren't in 3D either.
I don't know about RE. I just know about Doom. =P
So this is all sprites?
Yup
What the hell.
Flat 2-dimensional sprites
TRAP'D
SURPRISE
Duke Nukem 3D uses the same engine as Doom?
I heard they got sued for that.
And mocking that "Doomed Space Marine"
Id had little patience for Apogee, after screwing with them like they did
BFG-9000 Hell yeah!
Big Fucking Gun-9000?
Eeyup
Yep!
That's what it's called
not in the Doom movie. 6_9
YOU WIN WREK! :D
Yay~
MASF123: because the movie was too much of a pussy :D
The movie sucked balls. Only part of it that was good was when the hero got that powerup and we got that whole scene from his POV.
Especially when he picked up the chainsaw. Huge nostalgiagasm there.
Is Doom good? Or do you need to love FPS?
Because FPS don't always satisfy my needs.
I think it's fun, but it lacks plot.
Timesplitters: Future Perfect is a good one.
MASF123: depends. if you havent played it yet you might not like but those who played it when it came out its still good because of nostalgic value.
ANd I like Perfect Dark and GOldeneye
Goldeneye is really good. Never played Perfect Dark.
Alchemist makes sense
My favorite though is Half Life 2
Perfect Dark is from the team that brought you GOldeneye
And Timesplitter is from the people that brought you Perfect Dark
Basically old Rare before they went to Microsoft.
heh
Perfect Dark is like Goldeneye but with a sequel in an alternate universe.
Kick, Kick, Kick, shorgun blast! XD
Instead of James Bond you play as Joanna Dark who is also and Secret Agent.
00,10multy player?
heh
James Bond hard difficulty is 007, in Perfect Dark it's Perfect Agent
I perfer the N64 version over the XBLA version though.
...is the chat ded? I'm the only one talking.
nope XD
I don't have any useful input. =P
Hi MAS
Aww yeah, Slayer-bases track!
Anyone like Duke Nukem?
Hi Pinkie_Brony
Never played it
I heard the new one didn't do so well
I played the old PLATFORMER Duke Nukem games! :D
I liked the Duken Nuken platformer game. Didn't like it so much when they made it an FPS.
I loved that platformer. Running around and shooting things and collecting the letters in Duke's name. =P
I played the FPS one and A Time to Kill and Zer0 Hour
Duke Nukem Forever is an atrocity
ANd the demo for Forever which kinda sucked.
Gold_Demona: and zapping robots :D
MadSurge: "coochy coochy coo"
This game reminds me so much of Doom
Lol. It is Doom.
Pinkie_Brony: it IS doom! :D
Doom 2 to be exact
Thought it was perfect dark? XD
Hell no.
Too bloody to be that.
The only I playeddd was the very first. Kinda explains why I didn't know this was Doom XD
I've got a tropical storm wafting rain bands on me...
Doom 2 was way better than Doom 1. Had way more content. =P
.
Who will save or babes?
One man...Duke Nukem.
Holla everypony! :)
Hi GilDash
Hiyo GilDash
how've you been GilDash
Duke go Nukem!
it's so early in the morning.
Here atleast
Here too, MASF123
I feel your pain
/me hums the Duke Nukem Grabbag Theme
ded chat?
Again.
ded ded ded ded
A winner is you
When I was a little filly..a galloping blaze overtook mah city.
they shipped me off to an orphanage, said ditch those roots if you wanna fit in!
Hi guys!
SO I dug one thousand holes and cut a rug with orphan foals
know memories are slurred and their faces are obscured but I still know the words to this song!
now
WHen you bingled all your bangles and your love ones have been mangled.
Listen to this jingle jangle of my gypsy tamberine.
But the chords are hypnotizing and
the whole world's hormanizing
So plz children stop your crying and just sing-along with me!
Ohai trollghost!
lol dat Friendship is Witchcraft song
yeah it is.
The stuff that happens in this chat when nobody talks. XD
yeah you start to get bored.
...
05holy doley
Holy crap
Holy cow.
Holy Moly
05was fun with go' ol' fashioned deathmatch
Holy Twilight Sparkle, Batman
Holy Grucamoly Spike
Holy Shit! o_0
lol, Grucamoly?
Holy Judus Priest
05so
05what now?
Is that made from Avagrockos? XD
Holy Hell, Harry.
anything!
Don't know Wrek.
pokemon!
Anything you want, Wrek
asgflfsdja
I'll go another round of Simpsons if SuperBrony64 is up for it.
pixels
housten, we have a problem
traffic cones my mortal enemy
Ooh DS9
Too bad Q isn't a regular in Star Trek :D
I think he was regular enough in Next Gen. :P
05the Rarity of star trek
05Garak
Oh stream is up
PFFT LOL!!! *just imagined Garak doing the whining scene*
YUM HAND
dat intro skip
Garak has to be the best character in DS9
DeadpoolDash: Nope, that would be Quark
But Garak comes very close
I love Quark's whole family. They're crazy. XD
I need...some energy to stay awake!
...goddamn it.
/me wafts some energy over to MASF123
I like the Ferengi, they're lovable greedy aliens :D
Gold_Demona...not enough...not enough!
D:
MadSurge: Their religion is hilarious
Well I'll be going soon
to get something to eat.
Dabo!~
Screw it I'll go now. -_-
kk, later MASF123
Gold_Demona: money is God? :D
11,02Night all ^-^
When they die they go to The Grand Treasury. XD
11,02MASF123: Going to bed :<
Nighty SuperBrony64|Zzz :)
Gold_Demona: :D oh you Ferengi
MadSurge: I also love the Rules of Acquisition.
Gold_Demona: go on
Quark recites them regularly. XD
Gul Dickat
05badass sisko
Sisko is awesome. XD
05picard may be my favorite captain/commander
05but Sisko's badassery puts him high up :D
dat racism
And everyone hates Janeway :D
Katherine "wait until the shields are gone before even making a shot" Janeway
Sisko is the Honey Badger Captain/Commander
Spacism
Brb lunch
05dat stew
Mmmm
hello everypony
05morning Maid_Rainbow
morning Wrekie
morning Maid_Rainbow
well its noon here but well never mind ^^
lol, 7am over here. =P
i am back vrom the Animeconvent went and it was GREAT!!!
*from
Hey everypony. :)
Hi PinkiePry
051pm here
how you doing PinkiePry
same here Wrek
00,02STAR TREK
00,02: D
Alright, alexxm.
00,02its garrack sir, he acused me of being english
/me 00,02cast silence on the chat
well everypony i have to go have to take my dad to the hospital for his rehabe training
bye bye
00,02:(
/me 00,02hugs Maid_Rainbow
00,02later Maid_Rainbow
/me breaks the cast
00,02D:
/me hugs Phase4 back
i will be back later igeuss
bye bye
00,02that city pan
00,02reminded me of star wars for some reason
seems legit
Garak: Tailor, Computer expert, Gardener......spy
05Garak: tinker tailor soldier spy
00,02y u buffer :<
00,02lol, nice inversion
00,02where did everyone go
/me 00,02feels lonely
/me pokes Phase4
/me 00,02glomps Spectrum_Rush
/me 08,01bounces in
dat bounce
/me 08,01glomps Phase4 and nuzzles Wrek
/me 00,02pulls smeltborg into the hug
/me glomps Phase4 back
lol hi
/me is playing Guild Wars 2
lol bye room hopping activate!
