Phase4, its about BMN lotterys
Phase4: well this a message for me to go and eat so ill be back laters
has anyone got the news letter yet
Phase4, theres a movie called Kama Sutra A Tale of Love
Phase4, would that be accepted for bmn lottos?
00,02Shane, is it just strait porn or actually a movie?
Phase4, its a legit movie
00,02probably
Phase4, indian cinema
Phase4, theres obv secks in it as u can tell from the title
that team kill
has anyone got the news letter yet
00,02dat shield
alexxm: nope
ok then AdamTheDuck just checking
Nighty guyz
Night Shane
night Shane
bye Shane
00,02need more players
00,02night shana
AdamTheDuck, ur name always gets me
00,02i meen Shane
ill give it another try
Phase4, * angry face*
shana: :P
^_^
LOL
damnit wrong person xD
shana, /)
(\ Shane
00,02XD
00,02we keep exploding
00,02this is how you play right
well im off night everypony :)
night
Wow, that hammer attack is overkill
There's no kill quite like overkill.
DED
meteor shower whill kill the shield i think
Splat
Hey Phase4 , use steam+lightning and arcane so it becomes a beam
Wow
dat Rambo
Thanks for the Magicka
00,02anyone else want to play?
ill jump in
but may i suggest a different map?
I would but I got homework :3
00,02gota git ths done some time
k
hello
people that i know
Yello
Hello derpyface
what is this game?
Magicka
and why are we watching it?
derpyface: Because we can.
how you doing derpyface
'cause he's streaming it
/me glomps Vivix
Hello!
Nemnemnem
derp i dont know this game good bye and love and tolerance <3
:>
nuff said
In norway, the wya one pronounced nuff translates to oink
the way one pronounces*
oink said.
hehe
That's what I hear in my head, eevery time
broken shield is broken
Magicka is fun, but when it lgags its just crazy
Like how you can die during cutscenes and end the game-
^
I fell out of the stairs during lag, and it just said GAME OVER, and NOTHING happened
we had to restart-
see you dont get fun glitches like that in AAA
That map there is hard, but it's doable if you -- try for instance rock and ice combo, insane amount of dammage on those big ones
I think it's rock rock ice ice rock.. long time since I played
deeeeeeeeead
well that went well
Ooo
phase4, try r d d r d and funelling them, we got them in two tries that way
G
hello everypony o.o
Hello LightTrooper105
'night erryone
lol night XAX
Gnytee
Night XAX
lol where'd the mines go?
bye XAX
I see Phase4 is playing Magicka.
Haha
Unlucky
KHAN
KHHHHHHHHAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
lol
/me facefloor
Magicka was a lot of fun, but I always disliked the jokes-
the jokes are ok
What a hater :<
Vivix: Aww really? But the references were funny. :S
I'm not much of a meme guy, or anything like that, so I didn't get most of them
00,02um
HAHA
Dat glitch
tons of funny oddities if you understand some sweidsh though
crash?
UH
Oh yeah...bugs
I lol'd
00,02we founds bug
still dripping xD
could be a glitch too
Oh shit, you have to redo the mwhole map?
Time to restart? Trolololol
now i feel like playing Magicka..
We got the same on a boss --the one after this level
00,02Vivix, not whole map
its been so dam long since i last play it..
If you hit restart you go to beginning of map, I think?
/me too long ago
00,02anyone else want to join?
can I?
00,02118.209.197.30
00,02password is Ponies
00,02i'ma get a snack
k
yea same here brb
I'd rather try to beat the QWOP record.
I would- but I'd lag it down horribly
Hey, guys! We're on tv!
*yay*
/me slaps Vivix
I'M FAMOUS
lol
/me holds up sign that says "HI MOM!"
00,02mmm snack
lul
/me holds up an austin 3:16 sign
Welcome back
hehe
00,02one more player?
i dont play
00,02i'm not
nope
me neither
hm..
I got a 0.6mbps line at the moment- I- don't think it'd work
i havent try this char yet.
00,02you'd be suprised
well, I'm gonna try to update it
00,02Vivix, 0.6 down?
i gotta play some arma2 with some of my U.N. friends
yeah, we're stuck on forestnet
PsychoticDoc you play arma 2?
00,02wow, that must be not nice
it's..pretty horrible
I got promised 25mbps down, instead I get 0.3 down. Quit your complaining
LightTrooper105: yeah, i dont play dayZ though
youtube has to buffer for 360p! coming from 16mpbs that was a hard blow
i know that feel
PsychoticDoc I know Im active on the 7th Cav and Urban Life lol
00,02prepare your games, i'ma start
Takistan life?
00,02we can stop mid way and let you join
PsychoticDoc you Im an admin there :P
estimated finish on the update is 40 minutes,
woo-
LightTrooper105: holy tits!, ive been a member for a while but until today i hadnt really used my membership
Jmo4267: that sounds pretty bad-
It is.
our isp usually keep what they promise, and if they can't guarantee you get cheapest price and letter of warning
Luckily fibre optic is being built in my area.
Ohh nice..I want that so bad
Worst part is I'm paying $140 a month for my current speeds.
!
Brutality.
wut.
That's insanity.
Yep.
I think we paay..
/me google converts
80 dollars for the wireless we're going to try
lolwireless
we might get 3G+, which would be way better than 0.6
I knoow- but its our only option
Glitched again. BOOOM
PsychoticDoc you were a member.. under what name? o.o
lol
That's painful Vivix.
Yeaah- but I'll survive, the stream almost never lags
LightTrooper105: I joined like 4 months ago for UN under portalmasterx7 or nikolai, but now i use psychoticdoc
somehow..
Mm
Which means- PONIES THIS FALL, f yeah
PsychoticDoc hmm never heard of you before..
LightTrooper105: i only used it like once, and that was just to join lol
oh snap
crash
PsychoticDoc lol Im Razif
ok cool lol
How'd rehearsal go Vivix?
Went well
Awesome stuff.
well im done see you guys later
Bai andy
Cyaah
LightTrooper105: Im waiting for my friend Maguire to get back from doing whatever he is doing
Was just a rehearsal to stay sharp, so nothing big
Fairo.
00,02we lost one
he crash
Aww
00,02he left
uhh...
still stuck..
GO MAGICKA!
Weird-
the game DID just update though, maybe it introduced a new bug?
00,02"i dont want to live in this castle anymore"
^
Khanfound that Khan! He drives us to restart!
00,02Kandarihu, rejoin?
i see what you did there
Still, compare this to release and you'll see a huge difference.
-yeaah
00,02o i c
00,02he has to be on fire so he dies
should I keep this char or change..
00,02when cutsceen starts
ahh ok
Ooh
When I solo'd Adventure Mode, one boss that is fought twice, I killed both times by causing him to fly off the screen. He immediately teleported back to the screen for his post-defeat cutscene.
I'm on my old computer, now.
00,02i[: 118.209.197.30
00,02ap'
00,02ip'
Rofl
00,02password Ponies
OOOPS
00,02y u guys no have magicka :<
back
my update has been saying 2 minutes until completion for a while now-
lul its fun
It's on my wishlist...
I have Magicka, I just can't stand going through multiplayer again.
Vivix: That's steam time for ya.
Finishing it once was good enough. @_@
Yeaah-
i can never trust download time
lies I say
I still wub you phase :<
We never finished it, after a crash that sent us back quite a bit we just- died
/me 00,02hugs Jmo4267
:>
/me glomps Phase4
00,02one more attempt
00,02LightTrooper105, we stick to fire
roger
honestly though, I'm getting 50 kbps so there's no guarantee it'll work-
50kbps. You poor soul.
when I buy a new steam game, my friends usually download it for me and give it to me on usb stick ;3
Good morning, everypony! :)
That's an interesting idea.
...My only weakness...
Loss of blood, my only weakness
Morning RaveBrony
Marnin!
Hello RaveBrony
and all i got to do is stand there and revive you..
how you doing RaveBrony
Yay! No crash
Dat Vlad
/me waves to Jmo4267, Vivix, AdamTheDuck, and alexxm :)
Well I tried it butI still don't know the appeal for minecraft
Im doing good, alexxm, and yourself?
i'm good RaveBrony
hello RaveBrony
00,02BLEIGH
what langauge is that
i walk too slow..
just nonsense words, alexxm
Vampire Language
:S
[Alpha]: minecraft is not for everyone- I find myself only really enjoying Technic minecraft at the moment
Some of it is Swedish, the rest is made up words.
Don't forget to get the Blizzard Magick
Hey, LightTrooper105 :)
technic?
I run a stable and a quarry-
I even got a pegasus named Tamara
That sounds cool but I've seen a mod where you can play Left for Dead on minecraft
Ah yeah, I saw that too
Well I tried making a derpy oixel art image and it took me forever to even start it
p
hehe yeah-
So I gave up on iy for the time being
it
This is where the stage gets trippy
Wrek is a an amazing artist I've seen some of his work and I wish I could reqch that type of skill
practice
^
Kind of hard when you are both persistent but bore easily
weird game
...
I'm back baby
good thing I'm a visual learner
I love drawing, but I hate finishing drawings
I jsut got a plethora of sketches
show us some of your stuff?
I think I only got a--tiny deer sketch uploaed? /check
I just started to want to learn how to draw about a week ago other than that I didn't have much interest in it
k
yea im at the same stage myself
having serious lazyness problems
o:
I used to go to the art line in..I guess high school is what you'd call it
I love the sunrise picture.
but then I took a six year break from art
untiil-PONIES
yay
Thanks!
ponies inspire so many great things
Yeaah
It seems Istill have many things to learn
yea dont we all
Never stop learning, it's fun
At one point I was quite good at website design then I got bored of it and it went right out the window
Hehehe
window :D
I used to do some website stuff when I was a kid
because its a website
but--just html, and now all that stuff is oudated
yea html is almost never used on its own
yeah-
php and css are the biggest online atm, I think
but it all outputs html
that sunrise thing reminds me of fallout equestria
Oo, good- it was very inspired by it
....yeah don't really want to know
it was a cover for my littlepip tribute song-
nice
link?
I'm just gonna stick to drawing on ipad for the moment and see where that takes me
Well- the stream is on- are we allowed to link?
dunno
images yes
i guess better to be safe
If you have ask phase nicely.
Fail wording. If you ask phase nicely^
yeaah-
Well, on EQBeats I'm Vivix, and it's the newest song there
Image links are always fine for the most part as long as you don't spam them
ah yeah- it's a yt link though, so
on youtube it's VivixPony, should be newest song there too
/me evades link rule
this is pretty good
Thanks ;3
funny how a lot of bronies do creative stuff like this
what is this games name?
i think its the community that inspires it
Magicka matthias2d
ty
yeaah, it's a great community for it
Pretty good song.
Thanks ^^
stream ...needs fodd
food
:D
A cooking show?
do you mean content?
That would be so funny us learning how to cook on Bronystate
lol
i dont think i ever learned anything from cooking shows
I also took culinary arts
I've learned a lot from hairy bikers
:S
It was my favourite cooking show-
That sounds..delightful?
00,02guuuu
it iiis
skandanavian?
what game is it ?
they're like two chubby bikers, that are really nice, and make lots of fun food
Magicka pony_5252
british
ok thanks
BBC show, I think
Oh that show.
I learned how to make sugarfold..thing for cakes via hairybikers
since I don't eat marzipan, that meant I could make birthday cakes ;D
The cake is a lie.
Well- it looked real
Your brain is playing tricks on you.
YOU'RE DELUSIONAL!
:|
I KNOW! BUT ITS SO NICE
FACE THE DAMN TRUTH ALREADY.
phase4 are you playing co-op or do you get a partner?
Co-op^
00,02[Alpha], co op
Ok thank you
my stream died
shoudl we try to get the o0ther now?
Shock horror.
damn
nullify!
thunderbolt is op
:O
dam vampire..
Nice
nemnemnemnem
surtein dum
I'm gonna eat some cheerios
ahve fun
why is there always a desktop pony on these streams? is it required?
Just a preference.
It helps us see who streams
I'm always daydreaming so I have fun . Of sorts
ahh
This is your chance to get an achievement.
like that's Phase's pony
Skogfisk?
No monsters in this stage, so don't use any spells, just magick
skogfisk is demons :D
hehehe
actually, skogfisk sounds kinda scary
just imagine a giant walking fish in the woods at night-
idk about that
gaping and staring at you -
That'd be an interesting encounter.
fisk is the danish word for fish
kind of kills the scaryness
A gaint walking fish? Sounds like walking lunch
yeahh but like
okay imagine you're walking in the forest, and you just see a really really tall thing, with a fishhead , BLANK eyes and opening and closing mouth
Lunch
that dude reminds me of "Rob Schneider, derpdy derp"
i'd probably freak out a little
AWw..
hehehe
every one laughs ending
00,02i'm convinced that everyone in this game is an internet user
yeeep
What was your first hint?
Why?
i think most everyone in the world is an internet user
except maybe some third world countries
60% I think?
You should invite some other people to join!
that few?
lol'
I'm not sure. might be more now
increasing every day probably
but considering china has a lto of traditional settlements without internet, and such-
I have never heard of this game but I already like it
china is pretty large
That it is
it would be wierd to just cut off internet one day
I wonder what would happen-
freak everyone out
I mean, kids in the 70s still had fun
exactly
internet can be inhibiting
but if you greew up wiht internet- it would be horrible
I'd go to sleep
yea
bye Alpha
yeah-
bye?
oh misread
as i'm going to sleep
hehe
:D
actually i do have to go
work
see you guys later
maybe
take care
Have fun andy
See ya
cyaa
wut
me sjåast
wut.
Wut?
Thunderstorm + Meteor Storm = Death Storm
me sjåast is like- my dialect for cya- just kidding around
o.O
Alrighty.
>,<
I dunno if a danish would be able to read it
:)
Good morning everypony :)
Mornin'
Hey there TOY_PON3
Mornin
Dat, TOY_PON3! :)
Today is gonna be a good day :3
Yeah? What's happening?
how you doing TOY_PON3
Gotta wawit to older bronystate viewers get on :)
I finally returned 'home" well Bronystate that is
*wait
(In sarge's voice) Today is a good day to DIE!!
Awesome. :3
Lightning Immunity would be a good thing to have during a Thunderstorm. You get an achievement for surviving it.
great alexxm and yourself?
i'm good TOY_PON3
alexxm: Great to hear :)
So who's streaming atm?
Phase
Coolio ^^
I want this game
It looks nice
Good morning everypony!!!!!!!
Hey there Dark92Enigma
mornin Dark92Enigma
Marnin
Oh, it is Phase4, i couldnt really see his DP :D
xD
Morning
/me comes in to ''Never thought my life could be this good''
Hey Dark92Enigma :)
Dark92Enigma: Same here bro, same here :3
Wow today must be a good day for everypony
sup Dark92Enigma
[Alpha]: Indeed it is ^^ I hope you have a good day aswell
Yeah, I'm feeling awesome today too. c:
BronyJenkins: Great to hear that ^^
/me is overflowing with kindness today :)
/me explodes with joy
hmm I wonder if hasbro would make MLP cereal
that would be neat
[Alpha]: But what kind of cereal? Like Cap'n Crunch? Lucky Charms?
I'd say lucky charms
I guess they would be more like lucky charms
Mmmm
I've never had luckycharms..
Nor have I
Even tough I don't like lucky charms
:O
Vivix: You should. And you too BronyJenkins
o.O
they don't have them here
Vivix: Where?
Norway
Yeah, British here.
Vivix: Ohh nice :3
I rarely have cereal, but when I do it's usually like.. Müsli stuff
Hehe, it's a nice place
yeee-
Vivix: I would love to visit there some day :)
man you guys got a lot of weird and tastys tuff
I have to stay off the Gluten so I can't have most cereals. :/
/me Is thinking of shipping cereal to other countries but the shipping would be through the roof
Aww
Vivix: Yeah unfortunately we are popular for junk food :/
hehe yee-
I noticed we're not allowed to buy energy drinks from USA though-
Vivix: Why not? o.o
BronyJenkins: Sounds like a plan xD
Don't they are freaking evil
No idea- thhinkgeek just said "We can't ship energy drinks"
my dad wants us all to go to texas to look at cars
My friend ships energy drinks constantly
Vivix: I don't drink that stuff so really I wouldn't know :/
hm- maybe it's just a site policy
Want me to explain?
Possibly.
hey guys
Sure [Alpha]
I tried that energy drink Rockstar, it tasted like motor oil so I threw it away ._.
hey DoctoDoctorWho
Haha, wow yeah-
/me .........
I usually drink one called burn, tastes kinda nice
I like Moster and Relentless.
Vivix: Cool ^^
Monster*
Ah yeah- yellow monster I've had a few times
Yeah, it's good stuff.
I tried the Purple Monster before they went off shelves. It was good
ah yeah-
why was the purple monster pulled
I even have a shirt of the Monster logo colored Purple
and not sure alexx
I remember when I was 14 it was really cool for people to buy energy drinks and like.."Oh man I'm gonna get buzzed on caffeine" it was so lame
alexxm*
Vivix: Hehe
Alright the reason you get an energy ruch from energy udrinks is due to the fact that it allows your cells tu multipl at a faster rate incereasing your energy surge but in the process also lowering your life span. Also all the chemicals inside of it are dangerous
Kids will be kids
[Alpha]: That right there is the reason i don't drink it anymore
Mm most energy drinks are just caffeine- at least the ones I've had
Yep, my friend has 2 energy drinks every day. I think he's addicted. >_<
BronyJenkins: That's not good
Still- I prefer soda or watever over it--
water* not whatever
I prefer water over soda
But soda is nice to have every so often
yeah
Yeah if you drink it enought you can get diabettes
True
I drink way too much soda--
/me all of a sudden learns that a friend of his suffered a stroke
Vivix: What's your favorite type?
I quit soda at the end of last year
Dark92Enigma: Oh no...sorry to hear that..
Ehh, Sprite or red fanta
[Alpha]: Maybe that's for the best
:O
!
Mmm red fanta.
ooooooiiiii
I like Frijj Milkshakes.
Vivix: Sprite and Orange Fanta for me x3
I'm not really fan of Pepsi and Coke Cola
me neither-
:P
Water ftw!
I try to stay away from the dark sodas. Not that that sounds racist or anything ^^''
frijj?
Water, and tea!
hehe
It's n awesome milkshake.
RaveBrony: Water is best thing to drink ^^
Tea is awesome.
TOY_PON3: Yeah! :$
Unfortunately I'm addicted to Powerade though T-T
Aww
Lol :D
Water? Better drink my own piss
xD
And water... I love water so much on a really hot day.
hehehe
Yeah- or whe nyou're just so thirsty nothing else will do
I always drink the Fruit Punch Powerade whenever I get the chance to buy one. They're pretty cheap
Yeah.
BronyJenkins: Cold water is the best
How do I acsess vinyl scratch to make a request?
I think most powerade is around. 5 bucks? here
bleah they taste crummy to me but then again water taste delicious to me o.0
Vivix: o-o It's 50 cents here
DoctoDoctorWho: Requests arent open atm :P
It's only open when the mod shouts it's open
most drink is around 3-5 dollars here I think
TOY_PON3: I sincerely hope he's OK....
Gee willickers the prices sure are different in other countries ._.
Dark92Enigma: Me too
DoctoDoctorWho: but you join it by typing "/join" then the name of the channel
I ohpe so to Dark92Enigma , even if I am terrible at expressing--it
too*
magicka again! WHY WAS I NOT INFORM ED :[
that makes sense, Im still relativly new to Bronystate so I dont know all the in's and out's yet:)
lol
oops, forgot my nick
We got a different pay economy too though TOY_PON3
there we go
Hiya
Vivix: Yeah :/
hurro
hi Flyboy
hi everypony
chat derp
Oh, then welcome DoctoDoctorWho. Don't think I've seen you here before.
so who's playing this time?
Erm I don't know why but I like to drink a lot of milk ._.
I think. I'm not sure, that minimum wage is 15 000 dollars a year- don't know how that compares
Milk is awesome, 'specially on it's own.
mmmm oreos
like I think if you're unemployed you canget around 14 000 a year until you find a job
Vivix: Me neither, luckly I'm taking Govt./Economy next year for my senior year ^^''
Ah, nice
Mhm!
I-- kinda maybe want to be an accountant
but all my education is in art and music, ha
Vivix: Hmm you'll eventually know what you want to become
No idea if I would like it as a job- but it sounds kinda interesting
yeah
I would like to be a journalist
well that went well
I'm not sure what I want to be, I think I might run a business in future.
:P
All I know is if I get a job behind a desk I'm going to shoot myself
Ah yeah, My friend was going down that road, but then he quit school and moved to another city to get an education in game design
i'm studying media so i'll probably get a media job
Oooo
Muffins.
how do xD
brb gonna serve myself breakfast
I remember work expirience... working with a filing system... never again.
Something smells odd- brb search for said smell
experience*
I've had experience working behind a desk. I think they call it school?
>,<
:D
bk
Brb getting myself some food
hehe
I mostly worked with just--mowing lawns and cleaning and stuff
I am probably going to go back to school to get a more focused education
Nom. :3
I took carpentry classes
Carpentry can be pretty cool
I find it fun
Yeah, Carpentry is awesome.
I kinda want to make guitars as a hobby, and carpentry would have helped a lot there
I like construction work.
[And Demolition. :3]
hehehe
:D
Anyway, I g2g.
kay I'm back :3
Bye!
aww later BronyJenkins
Awkai, byee
bye
I remember when I first wanted to be a therapist, then I realized I can't be patient when it comes to certain people :3
bye BronyJenkins
aw yeah
I had a certain desire to be a sexologist
Vivix: o///o
but--I'm terrified of scary people
and I'd probably meet a few scary people then
It's really interesting!
...Wait what
lol I'm not sure what that deals with though. The name gives it away though
hehe
Well its not that perverted-
it's like..
how does a sexuality develop? How do you GET a fetish? Why does certain things appeal to this and that and so forth
it's just a therapist specializing in that field, I figure
Oh. Yeah it's kinda interesting but I'm nervous to find out such things
yeah- I'm just-- I don't think I'd be cut out to deal with people who needed help that way
Yeah if that's how you feel
yeah-
I am a sort of minor expert in fetishes, which are we discussing? gore? insect? furry?
/me blinks
._.
Let's not expand that topic.
^
cause I mean, a lot of them work with like- correcting an unwanted sexuality, like if you have an unwanted attraction to children, you will often be sent to a sexologist
Leave me from this. I still don't know my talent so my job prevernces are askew right now
hehe
yeah-
Vivix: Pedo DO NOT WANT x3
yeaah- so I don't think I could work in it
Nvm, I'm back on an irc. :3
but the research around OTHER thigns, sounds so interesting
I don't blame you ._.
And welcome back BronyJenkins you just missed an interesting topic :3
hehehe
'interesting'
Welcome back
indeed ;)
well, we arent alowed to go over PG, most of the time
Lol, alrighty. :_:
Yeah xD
they still havent told me what fetish they were discussing:S
AND THEY NEVER WILL.
well none in specifics-
NEW TOPIC.
We're not talking about a certain type
:S
xD
just- iot would be interesting to learn how they develop and such
O_o
I don't like where this is going :D
Vivix: yeah I understand
O____________o
hehehe
lets talk about crossovers then
This is quite humorous
hehehe
It iis
lol
but yeah Docto we were talking about jobs, and I mentioned I had a desie to be a sexologist-
05ok Phase4, im here and ready one you get tired ^_^
now- HOW BOUT them ..spots team
00,02almost done
00,02this last one
DEAR LORD, MAKE IT STOP.
morning Wrek|Observiking
Lol, k
We're done! Honest
Vivix: Oh ok xD
what is the mok, so what is the most unlikely crossover you have ever come across?
I will flip the next person who mentions it.
crossover?
Jmo4267: Plz don't ;~;
most unlikely? I did see DBZ x Pony crossover once
I didn't read it, though
/me glomps TOY_PON3
/me is slow at typing on an irc
I read a warhammer 40k mlp crossover, 0_0 strange...
Hehe
Mmm WH40k
Was it good?
also. Hello Doctor
/me huggles Jmo4267
my FAVOURITE crossover, however, is fallout
mainly because I felt it was pulled off so fluently-
brb gonna do..a favor for somepony ^^'
05FO:E is too much for me
it was f***ing hilarious
650k+ words.
/me flips table
Aww-
Jmo4267: Nuuu~
Haven't read a crossover but I have found out there's a MLP Dead space crossover :'(
05id ratehr enjoy some kind of mane6 in the NV universe for some reason or vice versa
Well, I read it pretty fast- it was captivating
That'd be something.
Wrek|Observiking: Never bothered to read it. Not even once
thats about as bad as 40k
Well- I like it because equestria escalated into fallout universe, instead of suddenly being in the universe
We do get to learn the fate of the mane six during FoE though, it's- yeah some of it was pretty epic and sad
Don't want to know
refreshing now
I just want to read about giant pony robots.
05my favorite crossover fics are jsut the kind that has a plausable reason why the main character of say a game or universe is suddenly in equestria or vice versa, becasue i enjoy reading how they deal with the conflicts that arise
lolgiantrobotponies
Mm- yeah that's a taste difference- 'cause that's what I usually avoid-
like Timelords and Terror
which I <3
Tiemlawds.
in the 40k one I read, slannesh, nurgle, khorne and tzeentch get bored of their universe and move to invade equestria
/me Yawns
05daniel the wannabe timelord!
There was a fallou x mlp crossover where the lone wandered appeared in equestria, featured a few weeks ago
/me glomps Ponies47
05a great star trek spinoff :P
Good morning everypony :)
mornin
how you doing Ponies47
mornin ponibas
MEEEERNEEEENG
Ponies47:
xD
/me Hugs Jmo4267 back
Other then Tzeentch, who Celestia would fall to in about 5seconds. I don't think the chaos gods would find many followers in the mlp universe
sorry!
brb.......gonna go to my mom´s house
I'm good alexxm thank you :3
Dark92Enigma: Take care
Ponies47: What's up?
i'll be back in less than a half hour
Though maybe pinkie would worship Slaneesh
hey guys
05another thing that id like to see is a deus ex crossover that isnt just adamn jensen is unexplaindly in equestria or suddenly the equestrian universe is filled with augments
magitech
Like a slow escalation?
Ohai TOY_PON3! It's been a while since I've seen you here! What's up with me? Nothing much really. How about you?
little sneak peak, luna kills a lord of change greater daemon with gravity
05but i guess that is what drives people to write right?
ahh turned off ipad as well
Ponies47: Been good finally returned to Bronystate :3
05to get that crossover like they have imagined it
Do it wrek
:3
most writers start when they can't find what they want
05i dont have the time or dedication to write something good
TOY_PON3: IKR? :p
^^
Yeah-
I have the time and dedication just not the inspiration
I don't know the Deus Ex universe enouh to even attempt it
loldeusex
was a big fan of the first game, and enjoyed the human revolution a lot
05i would like to try write in ponies in the deus ex universe rather than the other way around
but-- don't know anything about the lore
One of the better crossovers I ever say was the Mystara crossover
and I didn't even know that particular pen and paper setting
whats mystara?
blood for the blood god
research Vivix
05casue theres nothing that even hints that any teleport or time equipment could transport someone from there
dis chat b alive nao
its, as i've gathered, a setting for dnd type games
05so the only plausable way is some kind of anomaly
05which is ratehr weak already
I always prefer universe x pony instead of character x pony
skulls for the skull throne
Blood for the blood god.
but someone from spacebattles wrote a 600,000 or so word fanfic with ponies in it
05its much more plausable say twilight teleport gone wrong
if you kno what I mean
and it was prettygood
That's true
long live khorne, chaos god of blood, war and slaughter
KILLL, KILLLLLLLL!
True but they always fall on that
wrek. someone actually did a dues ex crossover
05blood for the blood god
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/DeusExEquineRevolution
I think FoE is the onl crossover I'll read, because I'm such a screaming fanboy over the Fallout universe, and don't recognize any of the other crossovers
05but its the wrong kind of crossover
05which is why i didnt enjoy it
and to hell with those slannesh worshiping hippy pussies
so close Phase4
The boss here drops the best staff in the game.
05it suffers the same thign as the FO:E fic
05whic h i dont like
I really do enkoy fallout but I can't bear to read something that kills the purity like that
05and that is that the "real" equestiran universe turns into this mix of both
that's the part that I enjoy- so yeah-
"real"
canon, if you prefer
dakka dakka dakka
sort of , yeah, that it developes into it, withou ever including actual characters from the other series
05aye its a taste matter
05but so far
yeah,
05an NV or deus ex crossover the way i like em hasnt been made
05and the attempts are poor at best
what are we even watching?
I tried getting into FOE but found it a little repetitive plotwise
Did you check ou the newest fallou crossover? but it was lonewanderer appers in Equestria- I didn't read it
Aww-
05now that sounds interesting
05casue i realllllllly like the lone wanterer dlc
It just catered to everything that I love, so I fell in love with the series
what are we even watching?
its not really IC or anything. It really jumps the gun on getting lone wanderer meeting the cast
falls into the traps usual 'x meets ponies' does
...
Aah
also the wanderer is loaded down with ridiculous gear
hehe
its hard to write about a charachter that is different for everyone who plays the game
seriously though, what is this?
magicka
^
Writing the PC is hard, because every player tends to play it differently, whcih is why I prefer PC to be turned into an OC
00,02well that was fun
good game Phase4
DoctoDoctorWho: Magicka
I usually play as a charismatic pacifist in fallout sort of games
Good stream, man
05think you coudl locate it for me Vivix?
00,02Wrek|Observiking, streams free
I can try, just a sec
cool, never heard of it
05it liek to see if it fits my needs
Phase4, thanks for streaming.
he my needs
I just wish cardslafter would finish through the eyes of another, rather then do his rewrite
Internet derp back
Of course, Fimfiction changed to google search, so half the hits are "story does not exist"
its killing me
Thanks knighty!
excellent, I eagerly await it then.
05in the meantime reqriting the old chapters in between
Shit got so real, and I wanted to know how it ended
05becasue hsi writing has improved a shitload since he began
05ive read the 2 new chapters already and so far
05its a bit strange and some thign needs to be worked out
I suppose thats fair enough. He is one of about 3-4 fanfic writers that have made me laugh aloud
derpmoment
05but they are proving to live up to the first 15 chaprers
00,02LightTrooper105, was good game :)
05now i have 3 episodes left on the star trek disc i have in the dvd drive
05so im first planning on playign those
awww... i missed about half of he magicka run...
woo
05then i will play either NV or something else
i see infinite streams
what do you have?
Do you have vampire: the masqerade bloodlines?
lolNV
Okay I'm back! >:3
/me glomps TOY_PON3
/me slaps Jmo4267 around a bit with a large trout
WHY A TROUT.
Wrek|Observiking: You hit me too T-T
why not?
I prefer tuna.
05because you said "lolNV" which is very idiotic unless you plan to explain further what you mean
I'm not hating on it or anything.
Gonna stay out of this one o_o
05then stop saying things that makes it look like you do
Wrek http://www.fimfiction.net/story/14895/Wayward-Courier found it
05thanks
I haven't read it, but it's got good ratings
So anything on Stream atm?
05in a minute TOY_PON3 ^_^
okay ^^
Wrek, what sort of games do you own that are streamable?
05my stream library is ratehr wide
05i tend to play the more RPG style games
05say skyrim or fallout
I keep reading your name like Observo King
Do you have Vampire?
lol
05nope
shame. Hm.
I wanna get Skyrim on PC sooo badly :/
Is the original fallou streamable? I know overlay does not work on it
the chat would be way too small to see
Vivix: Did you get the Fallout Bundle they recently had?
I've had it for years
so- I had it from beforehand
05Vivix: sadly the old fallout games suffers the same error that ceasar 3 does
Vivix: o_o Oh cool
WOOT 4 desktop ponies!
Aww-
Ceasar 3 <3
05ie for windowed mode you need to set your monitor to 16bit truecolor
05and liek that the capper wont pick up the stream
me and my friend bought a copy of fallout 1 at the candy shop (that also sold cds) in like 1999?
there will never be a city builder as cool as ceasar 3
o-o
Ah.. too bad, they're great games. Not sure how fun they're to watch though
05probably not
05but i enjoyed playign them nonetheless
yeah-
I feel like a kid now ._.
Hehe
we were like..I dunno..10?
Vivix: What's your Steam username?
I was about 5
Mivix, I think
idk
05i played my first game at the age of 3 and that was doom, proves my age
Hehehe
doom <3
do you have doom 3?
I wasn't allowed to play Wolfenstein, but I was allowed to play Doom
05eeyup
05own all doom games
05even the lsot levels cahpters
I've always thought Doom 3 > Half Life 2
Nice
Do you use doomsday when playing them?
Vivix: Is your avatar Chrysalis?
05if i want to sue mods i use zdoom since it tends to work better
I kinda liked Hexen and Heretic too
Yes, it is
05otehrwise i use doomsday
Cool
Ah yeah
dat Hitler o_o
oh my...
In the thirties, before everyone found out Hitler was bad
05Vivix: i love doom soo much though
Wrek|Observiking: I played arcade games with my dad because I was too little to play them properly, at the age of 2 :D
Yeahh- it was one of my first action game loves
England will never fall for such HERESY!
I gotta buy Doom sometime =_=
05beat doom 1 and 2 adn the TNT WADS on ultraviolence without strafing
HERESY?
05even did it on stream
Niice
05fuck it was hard but worth it :D
I was never GOOD at it, hehe
x
xD*
05then we have my ABUSE streams
05if youve seen one of those
Ii think I've seen one
05you havent seen me die in a game unless youve seen me stream abuse
hehe
Wrek|Observiking: where the game proves its namesake :D
was that the... oh god memory.. original bungee jump teams..old game?
Sorry for being SUPER random, but I don't know why I love toast :3
Vivix: you're thinking of Marathon
Alien nazis, really, he hasn't even said EXTERMINATE once.
05abuse was their first sidescroller game
Hmm- wrek linked me to it and I dwonloaded it, but I can't remember if it was abuse
05published by bungie
Ooh, no then I haven't seen that
05developed by crack dot com
05the marathon series however
05is my childhood in a nutshell
05i fucking loved those games
Hehe
I mostly played--Doom, heretic and.. duke nukem 3d
05like i have no greater nostalgia trip than when i play that
the nazis were assholes and all but damn did they have good uniforms
can't beat that SS black
05i agree
^
Woah, what have i missed? :o
The nazi high command was obsessed with style and appearance, including architect to build castles and such
also they liked Norse mythology
i think one word can describe this episode. DISCOOOORD!
and it..shows
If something happens to the Nazis, I blame Fegelien
ah yeah
wow the enterprise looks pretty beaten up
05also i stripped the whole erradicate the jews thign they had going
russia would be in trouble
twilight sure has gotten popular down there
Ah yeah
and yet she doesnt even notice. that must be a good book
05they fall asleep while she read them a story
05fell*
05then she kept reading to herself
Morning, everyone
05dash dropped in wantign to borrow a new darign do book but got stuck listening
morning AttacktheAndalite
05and filly celestia and luna are there casue a spell mishappened and twi is takign care of them untill it wears off
05cause its cute as fuck
hehehe
how you doing AttacktheAndalite
I nearly had a heart attack, I agree
08,01wheee
08,01i'm at work \o/
08,01and stuff is actualyl workin
Hello workhorse
alexxm, I'm fine. Just waking up
05i shaved today
/me hugs TOY_PON3
05an hour later my acne almost dissapeared xD
08,01also, i got my bass guitar today \o/
/me hugs AttacktheAndalite back
05feeks great maaan
08,01Wrek|Observiking: that's awesome!
what did you get?
Hello guys 6_9
08,01but... i like stubble...
you'd think the nazis would be having a mental breakdown trying to fit aliens into their master race ideology
08,01Wrek|Observiking: are you going to be clean-shaven at BUCK?
then again I think only hitler and a few SS really were into that nonsense
05depends on what you mean with clean shaving >:3
TheMaster: Maybe the Aryans were Aliens o_o
05facially yes
08,01ha!
05the rest could use a trim but not cleanly shaved
Aryans from the future?
^
08,01indeed
08,01shaving in that manner makes for itchiness
wait. he's in grey now? Is he in the SS or the Wermacht?
052 different aliens
creepy
what just happened
08,01records being added to the db... i like this, this is good
that quick thing of history made my brain hurt
all the database
they really thought this through
/me yawns sleepily
08,01what are you watching?
/me pets AttacktheAndalite's head
08,01more star trek?
Star Trek
so they shot lenin....and that stopped the russia revolution
05S4E2
08,01oooh!
it sounds probable
AttacktheAndalite: Go to bed ^^
08,01nice
08,01i wish i could watch, but i'm working
then why didn't russia stay allied with france and britain anyway?
08,01and i don't actually have a graphical display
TOY_PON3, I just woke up. It's almost 11AM for me
/me 08,01is going all terminal today
AttacktheAndalite: o_o
it wouldn't have changed the problem. and only the ussr would work with the germans during the period of 1919-19...ah forget it
08,01Vivix: Washburn AB10
05well TheMaster
Ah, nice. I need an accoustic- I got..8 electrics
05mayeb stalin didnt egt to the power
05and his totaliarism wasnt as pushed
05so the alliance to beat the germans maybe never took place
o-o
05henceforth the germasn had free roam in that area
My mind is blown
I can't remember all the prewar preperations
05as logn as they could hold the dead zone
it showed on the map earlier that they had taken part of the us
05so maybe stalin didnt rose to power after lenin
they said they killed lenin in 1916
05or how it was im a bit fduzzy on the russian side of WW2 history
I think..Germany used russia to build things that could be easily converted into weapons and tanks during pre war
^ yes. and free roam to train and learn doctrine
I don't know what their alliance was based on-
yes-
it was based on both countries being international pariahs
is he waring a SS suite?
Ahh
Yes. He's apparently in the SS
... didn't we just do this plot, in reverse?
05stalin always wanted to capture the baltics and hold his totalitarian empire
05withotu those plans in the russians back head
i have that Amblem he has the skull
05its actually plasuable that the alliance never happened
So russia stayed a tzar empire?
I'm saying that if lenin was killed in 1916 then the revolution doesn't happen in the first place.
05well lenin was murdered
then russia doesn't break up at all
05but not by stalin
05well
05stalin wasnt able to take power afterwards
05which may be why thigns went as they did
Wel lwell- maybe the ugly guy aint evil-
yeah-
naw the ugly guy is always evil
hehe
xD
Stalin didn't singehandedly make the ussr what it was. Infact, having done a paper on it the industrial supergrowth of russia in the 1930s is sort of a myth.
they just nationalized it all
the enterprise looks pretty beaten up
05please enlighten me
not sure if sarcasm lol
Well after the russian revolution and the civil war the bolsheviks didn't know how to run their country. They actually used capitalism to get it back on track
05so without stalin to nationalize it
called it the NEP (new economic policy) it actually worked amazingly well. Until Stalin became angry at the ukranian Kulaks who were unhappy with the use of their grain to fund heavy industry.
05maybe they stayed capitalistic?
05wrong term
05maybe the NEP didnt break up the same way
yeah-
Well without lenin at all I don't know if the revolution would of even happened.
The menshiviks and the bolsheviks were convinced that russia wasn't even close to an actual revolution.
05actualyl yeah
until lenin showed up and told them that they needed to seize control now
05so without lenin
05no revolution
then its just tzarist russia. which would have been allied to france and britain
which would have been a two front war for germany.
05but tzar russia has no reason to ally with them
Hmmm...
well I'll brb gonna play some Terraria
05thats why stalin allied in the first place
Weren't they traditionally allied?
05to reclaim parts of europe
They allied after Wilhelm II was stupid enough to let the treaty of Berlin to expire
so Russia and France allied
05i jsut want to point out that we are discussing theoretical history
indeed
When the Tzar was overthrown, didn't the supporters and others escape to..france and britain?
aliens giving nazis super tech sort of throws that out the window anyway
I don't know the history between those countries
05why would russia be allied to france in the first place?
Nicholas II stayed because he thought that he could control the situation
by the time that the bolsheviks captured him and his family it was too late
Ah yes..
well russia was traditionally allied with prussia. but after Otto von Bismarck was fired by Kaiser Wilhelm II the Kaiser let the non aggresion pact between germany and russia expire
with no allied, russia allied france who hated germany
allies*
Aah-
05and sicne the first history change was 1916
05that still happened
And prussia ceased to exist in WW2 right?
also. Germany had allied Austria who had interests in yugoslavia and many slavic regions.
so russia didn't like that
Prussia formed into germany in 1870
that early? hm
after the Franco-Prussian war. Bismarck managed to crush france
05btw i love our discussion :D
Hehe
=is a history major
I love history- I aint good at it, but still love it
05as is my dad, im basing my asumptiosn on the small thigns ive picked up :D
well feel free to ask
05so since the first historical change was 1916
05by then WW1 had already ended?
1914, right?
well 1918 is when ww1 ended
1914 is the start date
05ok so
11:00, 11/11
oh right
/me is taking notes of this discussion
The russian revolution occured in 1917 and they dropped out of the war
Lenin was in exile in switzerland
and the germans transported him (in a sealed train car, they were that afraid of his abilities so he wasn't allowed to talk to any german workers)
05biut since he would be murdered in 1916, what events would not occur that turned the war as it did?
the russian revolution doesn't happen, even if the sailors in petersburg and the workers revolt. Maybe the Tsar is still forced to give voting abilities and the formation of the Duma.
Uh, its tricky since its such a volitatile period. I guess anything could have happened
Lenin was important but its not like noone else could have done it.
True-
05depends on if a new tzar if one was even appointed wanted thigns to stay as the ywere i suppose
Well Nicholas II wasn't about to die anytime soon. His son had severe hemophilia though.
Did he have a son? I can't remember
So theres that.
Ah-
Yes. Alexsi had hemophilia. thats where Rasputin comes in
Heroes?
Star Trek
But The tsar had a brother. I guess he might have been able to be tsar if his son had died
05but yeah somehow france and all of wentern europe fell to the nazis.
By the time Germany started using Russia to .. build their vehicles and avoid those rules, the revolution had happened?
05russia didnt do anythign about it or they did but it didnt change eanything
05hitler began invading the US
The Weimar Republic didn't waste any time getting programs in germany. So yes.
05and thats were we are at now
Which is fine for Star Trek
its even a semi-credible reason. more then "aliens gave them super weapons"
05well they had to develop the weapons from ground up
05so as it is right now
05but its not like the aliesn have trusted the germans with it
05not in vast numbers
one would think that they would have won with alien super weapons
but they didnt, proving that theory wrong with its own insane logic
Can anypony help me out with Terraria info??
I always found it crazy that Germany was trying to develop nuclear weapons-
What was crazy was that their numbers were so wrong
hhehe, I never researched it-
05werent the germans close to them anyways?
they thought they needed waaaay more enriched uranium then you actually need
I remember that eh- the H3O facility in norway was bombed, and the ship with h3o was also bombed
Aah
Yes. Plenty of sabotage and bombing
it never really went anywhere
05well norway was never invaded in a sense
05correct me if im wrong its a story i heard
the first movie that came out of Tungtvannsfabrikken, the h3o faclity that was bombed, dont remember name, had some of the original saboteurs acting as themselves
05but some nazis jsut started marching in oslo and thats when the goverment said fuck it we lost
Mm- we were invaded, but it was over in like 3 days
dat bullet wound
05cant recall precisley
there was a shootout at..the kings hunting lodge
but yeah I think they just paniced--
The nazis did invade norway fully and took it over very quickly
no help from britain either
05well brittain were serving their own itnerest at the time
They helped us later- luckily
yeah
05again gotta say themaster, realyl enjoyign the conversation :P
Well i'm glad. I always do like to show off what I know
I think the reason we got hit pretty hard that way was because of the suitable position to--stop supply lines by boat
Whats on?
Oh wow
05which would bring us to the war aswell
wow. enterprise looks like crap
that woulda been a disaster- you guys were neutral thrughout yeah?
05while the germans wanted to bomb us cause they were afraid that we would side with the brits/US
05we said neutral though
05well
05not we didnt
05we awere very deceptful
i'm suprised the enterprise isn't wiping out those slow prop planes
I know it was a risk going to sweden- beacuse some of the guards could turn you into the SS, and most wouldn't
05what kept the germans on our side was the allowande of out raintracks and oru ore
Well, guys- I have to BBL, gonna go with my dad and pick up his new car. Cya guys soon!
Ima take a guess and say this is some sci fi show
Star Trek
random question: is the whole "save derpy" war still going on or has the fandom dropped it by now?
05what kept os on the brits side atleast was the information we hadned form the german comm network
Ah
Great convo guys! /poof
dat Qaintem leap
05you going away Vivix?
hi everyone
Hey Lil_B :)
Haio Lil_B
he almost reminds me of Q
something about his dad
05for isntance, we told them that germanny was enmassign to attack the east front
/me hugs Ponies47 and CountDoofus
did anyone answer my question?
05they didnt beleave us of course
05but then they finally did
/me Hugs Lil_B back
05we said "todl you so"
What question, Doctor?
is the whole "save derpy" war still going on or has the fandom dropped it by now?
05as for that question DoctoDoctorWho, i never cared for and foudn the whole ordeal silly and immature
/me is awkward with hugging, but fine with internet hugs and returns the hug to Lil_B
I think it stopped when the hub kept showing the episodes unchanged?
I think only itunes changed it
wassent the enterprice damaged?
05yeah
As cool as it was I found the whole thing troubling because of the levels of fan acknowledgement
next thing you know they'll be a little dark blue alicorn called Nyx on the show
TheMaster : Q is Still best Chara
05i can accept that some fans were angry about the change
I didn't even understand what was going on with that derpy "controversy" until 3 month later or so XD
05but takign it to the extent they did was wrong
so is it still going on?
05same thign with those emailing and saying derpy was an insult
05the fuckers need a smack across the head
05humasn eh?
05humans*
what a real audience :/
Wrek this is the Story befor Kirk right?
05yes
I could sort of see why someone might say "woah guys, why does a character sound like they do actually have a mental condition" even if it was tabitha thinking derpy was a guy.
more of a case of doing your homework
DAT CGI
05the CGi is fantastic for its time
indeed
when was this made?
2002?
05first scene was made 2001
05so say tech from 2001-2003
yea
05made adn rendered 2004
how many trek episodes have already streamed today?
051
I just find it wrong that they are attacking something even when they are the only people who care
at first I thought people were mad because they thought the voice was strange XD
good morning everypony :3
05well the fan voice was high pitched and cute
05so i can see that
05but understand that there are people we are talkign about
05cant expect the mto act rationally
wrek are you streaming again?
05and think before they speak
05sonicandmario85: yea finishing this DVD before i do some gaming
Hey Wrek, can i pm you a random question?
05can alwasy try
what effect do you think it would have on the community if a prominent world leader claimed to be a brony?
05i would think that people would take it too far
05like they always do
isn't "taking it too far" half of what defines the community?
like good bad or what/
05it would bring good and bad things
05but in the end
0590% would not give a shit
05those that do are the noisy few
I understood both sides of the argument and found it alltogether a bit silly.
or atleast, the lengths they went
I just hope they don't go quite so far to do fan-service for us. I didn't start enjoying the show because they did nods like that afterall
it'd be like if Pinkie started offering cupcakes to her friends and they all suddenly looked uneasy about it.
05i find it funyn now and then with references liek that and little fan service here and there
05but it all leads down to
05takign it too far
I always thought that it would be a great boost if not the outright "final push" for the brony community in this "war" against society
Little things are great.
Like the Big Lebowski reference
oh yes
I loved that
the big lebowski reference is my favorite mlp reference
that movie is amazing
05this war against society is not as big as you think
05frankly
05most of the shit i hear comes form the US
its just a bunch of people posting angrily on twitter
which amounts to...nothing
05here in sweden for isntance the bronies i know and talk to have never had a problem
05sure there is always atwat that trolls
whatkind of problems do bronies have with society anyway?
05thats what coutnertrollign is for
FLAME WARS ARE STUPID
Its more the problems that society has with bronies
i assume they're mad at howard stern now?
05andy there are a few incidents for isntance trhe 15/16 year old being thrown out
05and some suicide attempts
15/16 year old?
wuit
05yes
i see
05was thrown out by the overly strict and religiosu mother
thats just sad
I normaly just shut up about MLP, when nobody wants to talk about it or even knows it, than there is no point for me introducing it to them (except for close friends)
that's not a brony issue, that's a religion issue
05EXACTLY
im lucky my mom actually loves me and wont throw me out whenever im 15 or 16 or whatever
05which is why the war on society that DoctoDoctorWho mentions is blown out of proportion
05and no its not a religion issue
05its a fundamentalist issue
I think most people in the community are a little overly sensitive. considering the brony fanbases origins...
you should be ready for the worst the internet has to offer
we origonated in 4chan, thats like getting an order of paladins forged in hell
Wrek do you have a Q epi?
05not today
05as for originating from 4chan
DoctoDoctorWho - an order of paladins, forged and tempered in hell and dedicated to the greater good
aahh to bad :(
05keep in mind that the community was small back then
05now
heh. I actually was there for the begining.
05many have joined that doesnt even know of the place
Oh the good old days on /co/
the community has expanded massivly from its origins
and is pretty unrecognisable from its roots
it must have been interesting to see it develop
minus its focus
just because im a brony doesnt mean my mom will throw me out when im older she loves me
I began in episode...3? I think
im lucky XD
Was a lot of fun.
I have never been to 4Chan... (except for one time for about 1min to see how it actually looks like)
watching my little pony by candlelight
and you had to walk 50 miles in the snow
i never at all been to 4chan
uphill both ways
05became a brony about soon 1½ years ago
TIME TO GO LOOK FOR THE WEBSITE FCHAN
05season 1 had alreayd aired
4chan*
its not so bad. But then again i have no soul
first summer brony, wrek?
05not really
its hot over here
i became a brony about the time the season 2 finished
05bumped itn othe fandom on MMOchap about a month before that
just starting to settle with the community
05broguht some episodes with me on vacation
I think I'm pretty much at the 1 year point now, maybe 1 or 2 weeks aver it
05was without internet durign that time
05came back and became more familliar with the community post summer
05joined bronsytate around that time
my bronydom began a few months ago
thats recent
i love this Community
i was actually introduced by a friend through bronystate
i think mine began s2e2
i became a brony last summer
I learned more about the community and its history in that time than I thought possible
when i became a brony was late december 2010
I became a brony Valentines day
Yeah. Season 2 really got me into the brony community too. I watch all of season 1 and did not care to get any more invovled beyound that.
Morning btw.
on*
and joind Bronystate at S2 e 9 Last round up
Ima play TF2 now, bye ponies!!
Bye. glhf
BYE!!
in the beginning i had resolved to just watch all the episodes and not become a part of the community. that proved to be pretty impossible
has anyone seen hasbro's new map of equestria yet?
my 1 year aniversery is this month
DoctoDoctorWho: link?
yeah, I was interrested in MLP, but really a FAN of MLP I became when I joined Bronystate (way too late) at s2 e20 or so
its canon!
your saying hasbro made it?
I got the Hi-Res Pictures :)
05yaaaaay human prejudice!
yes, they are Posters from Wall-Mart
05this is what i like about this show aswell
yes they did
racism at its worst
05it really shows that society is trying to evolve beyond what it is
05but how much of a struggle it is
wut?
can he explode?
Glorious!
twice?
What did he do?
Lil_B - PufferMan
I missed it
Why does hae to be so hot Texas!!
*have
Barbetos - he inflated his face like a puffer fish, basically
Striker ikr
Oh
so what do u guys think of the map?
Awesome
looks cool enough. Very much looks like the united states
except canterlot is put in the middle
i like it
they have niagra falls on there
neighagra falls you mean
yea
apparently cadence is canadian.
which makes sense
i get the feeling some of these places wil be used in season 3
05frozen north
there are igloos on the map
05i think i'd like it there
is this east or west of Azeroth?
i want get in those igloos!!
its south of panda island
For a political nerd such as myself, i'm sort of curious if they'll ever explain how the equestrian government actually works
/me puts a bag of ice on his head
like if Celestia and Luna are just absolute monarchs or what
i found 4chan god theres alot of pony posts there XD
its a monarchy
...which board did you go to?
O hai
the pony one
its actually a diarchy but
I WILL NEVER GO TO 4CHAN!!
not all monarchys are the same. Like Britain has a parliament
does 4chan still have a pony section?
TheMaster - Britain isn't *really* a Monarchy at this point...
yes
yup
I like the Pony section on memebase :)
05im guess more socialistic ratehr than kommunistic
But they do have a Monarch. Thats what I mean. Like if Celestia and Luna are absolute monarchs, Louis the 18th style
Yes you do
ponies, ponies everywhere.
so ponychan is like an adaptation close to 4chan but removed from it?
05d*
obvious green screen is obvious
she reminds me of Lara Croft kinda XD
its a seperate image board
there are a lot of *chans out there
most of them worse then 4chan
i have desktop ponies on right now xD rainbow dash is flying around on the task bar
05but few as popular and diverse
420, 7, 789
i heard that 4chan has some pretty bad flame wars
its a wretched hive of scum and villany
:D
which is why I like it so much
the great pony war was among the worst
054chan is a pract example of the dickward theory
just don't go to /b/ if you value your sanity and soul
derpys just standing there thinking about muffins
XD
Hey everypony
05dickwad*
HELLO
theMaster: now i have to check it out
Has anyone read "on a cross and arrow"?
Wrek|Observiking: Couldn't agree moar
I dont mind it, I gave up on sanity awhile ago
my thoughts exactly
I gave up on sanity when I started watching this wierd show about talking horses
I`m a seal
:P
Serenity - you watched Mr. Ed too?!
MirrorImage: Mabye...:3
cupcakes anyone?
Leave. Now.
No thanks, I'm more of a fairycake fan
i've been wondering whether i should read that just to see what its all about
05andy it would do more harm than good
that bad?
Yep
ehhh....
well don't say I didn't warn you
05its jsut a gore story that sets out to gross. nothing more. its bad
who wants muffins then?
walking into it blindly, yes it's bad
there was really only one part of cupcakes I found wince worthy
if you've heard plenty of it, it's rather meh
pinkie pie becomes a serial killer, thats all you need to know.
other then that, meh, i've read and seen worse
/me hands everyone muffins
05its jsut a bad story, poorly writen etc
05but enough of this
05________________________________________
Have at thee?
hah
yay pagebreak
I liked that Mirror
I thought that as well
:P
Your words are as empty as your soul, mankind ill needs a pony such as you
FREEDOM!!*Charges something*
what is a man, a miserable pile of fandom.
dat cgi
MY SKITTLES!!
Do mine eyes deceive me, or art thou waxing lyrical, good sir TheMaster?
TheMaster But enought Talk! HAVE AT YOU!
It was more a reference but I can be quite lyrical
Anyone want in on a pug highlander match of TF2?
Need hwguys
FOR GLORY!!
Referential lyricism doth still please mine intellectual side.
I can't, El shitbox can't run TF2
Okay, enough Shakespearean.
FOR THE EMPIRE!!
rainbow dash and trixie are walking around the screen XD
where
on mine
im using desktop ponies
oh
I'm trying to think of a good shakespeare quote to ponify
"To pony or not to pony. Are you serious?"
A horse, a horse, my kingdom for a horse!
there you go
Henry IV
Thank me later, now shush
Serenity - "But Sire, we are here."
Heh, it's been a bit too long since I last read Shakespeare. I just adore Shakespearean English.
I would like to see a ponifed version lotr
Art thou prone to anger, male sibling?
Buhbai for now, everybrony.
farewell count
TheMaster Watch the Ponys for it is knell, summons to heaven ot to hell
excellent!
Didst thou just make a feeble attempt at humourlessly passing off a saddeningly derivative joke in an intellectual fashion, e'er marring said intellects with the banality of thine statement, DoctoDoctorWho?
DoctoDoctorWho: I have to deny your flase accusations , your attempts at angering me were pointless you savage ogre
aye
false*
At least the response is succinct. :P
Wrek: did you ever finish that picture of the robotic rarity?
05i never got past the leather coat
05couldnt get ir right
05it*
awwwww
What an enthralling and yet low temperatured tale, male sibling.
i really liked the eyes
My sensibilities find themselves offended at thine persistent references to these plebeian sayings, DoctoDoctorWho.
Heya everypony!
are they still fighting the nazis?
Hi there Wrek! I see theres more star trek!
05Buytoast: nah it was sorted
bah
05Zanon; yeah for now
05:D
Methinks the Lasharus protest too much
yay
doth protest too much*
can't even quote a simple sentence. I suck
im not complaining XD
awesome mom
I'm back...........what are we watching?.........i left because i felt a little blue
Dark92Enigma - star trek enterprise
star trek
hello
when one finds themselves offended at humorous actions, unpleasurable things begin to emerge in a most unreasonable fasion. similar to what happened with the infamous derpy" incident. be warned at where you lay your rage brother.
Oh NOW I remember :)
vulcans have wierd weddings
05andy: one could say the same about human weddings
05its a matter of perspective
touche
I have wierd urges to dance
i just now got me some ice tea :3
heres one of them
051 more EP on this disc
how many discs are there
sparkle sparkle sparkle?
0524 eps a season 4 per fisc
I think thou wouldst find that I am not enraged, merely mildly put off by the low-brow simplicity of such statements. Thou shalt not find me angered by thee, merely mildly vexed. Should I have given cause for offense, however, I profusely apologise, having not intended such an unfortunate end result of mine statements.
Whoever said this theme is like ''Full House'' in space, he's right.........it's epic
any plans as to the gaming you were talking about earlier wrek?
And now, I think I'm done with this, because my brain's too tired for this. :P
told ou
Back to normal English.
hello
DoctoDoctorWho: BUCK YEAH, SPARKLE SPARKLE SPARKLE
i told you its just missing bob saget
HELLO DERPY
0_o
05a human beating klignons? WHAT TRICKERY IS THIS
im baffled
Buytoast He didn't even make a CAMEO there? (i hope so)
05maybe youll get asnwers to your klingon questions this time TheMaster
i like both old derpy and new derpy there both good xD
Buck yeah sparkle sparkle sparkle!
so are humans, klingons, vulcans all from the same galaxy?
05same part of the galaxy
woo, klingons!
05correct if im wrong
prepare the tribble cannons
05but i think its the alpha quadrant
05voygaer was in delta
so will there be pirates of caribian 4 ?
voyager was Delta, yes
URGE TO DANCE!!
Apology accepted, now we may make peace.
05the odminion came from...
05cant recaöö
dat sleeping filly luna...
05recall*
ikr
Wrek, considering our apparent love of shakespeare you should find oldtimey movies of shakespeare plays, and play them
WOOT 4 filly woona!
or new ones.
I`m back
05TheMaster: im a fan of shakespare in love
05but alas
too bad rainbow dash cant see the movie because shes sleeping...on a cloud
05ive been restricted not to stream movies outside of schedules events
/me puts cap on
really? how unfortunate
05oh look
05its datra
05data*
woah. data got old
so the guy from previous gen?
and a tan
05same actor
WHOLE LOT OF PAPER!!
nice
he was green originally right?
pale white
albino
k
wait a minute... isn't that the guy who played Data?
05it is
http://i.imgur.com/qntKK.jpg
wat 0 . 0
05lol Bronysith, but its almsot boarderline :
05jstu keep in midn what oyu post
05specially with recent incidents
okay
Wrek|Observiking - you referring to the whole fiasco on FimFiction a few weeks ago about the Mature tag?
people use the mature tag?
Buytoast - that was the point
05no recent incidents with linking things in this chat
yay. more nicole
Alright I'm back ^^
I leave you now my fellow bronies, I will be back in a few hours after this glorius broadcast
later DoctoDoctorWho
http://cheezburger.com/6488637952
lol
dat comfy chair
why is chat so silent?
Button going to be hit in 3...
05i dunno
:/
lol bioshock ftw http://cheezburger.com/6488806400
/me closes his eyes and drifts off to sleep
05i dont get it
05please explain
Wrek|Observiking: you never played bioshock 1?
...a compass in space.
Bronysith: I appreciate you trying to bring chat back to life
Yeah, that'll point anywhere.
05it wont launch on ym system i do however own it
okay
well i would explain it
but it is kinda spoily
indeed it is
05i dont mind but please take it to PM
Wrek|Observiking: The "would you kindly" thing is pretty much the crux of half the storyline. :P
=_=
Ouch.
05that beats any your mama joke
xD
:D
/me watches tumbleweed go through chat and blinks
i need to play bioshock again
time to start er up
05i wish i could
05was gona play both on stream but since the first wont start
05had to start directly on the second one
yea
I mostly play Bioshock 2 for multiplayer
i havent played bioshock 2, but i heard it was good.
BioShock 2 was decent.
It is, can't wait for Infinite
Can't hold a candle to the first, but it was decent.
i love the damn story in bioshock 1
Infinite should prove impressive.
SSPPPAAAACCCEEEE
same
when is it being releaced
Orcs?
I think in November
Not the flying foggiest.
hard to believe that jack is only 1 year old
xD
i mean 19, damn 9 button
i was about to say whaaa
shrek became evil
I blame Donkey
05meet the uknown esign
05ensign*
ello
hi Space_Striker
/me set his phaser to hug
/me hugs Space_Striker
HHUUUGGGSSSSS!!
x~x I'm getting sleepy..
Man, I must go through at least 3 cans of oatmeal a week. Ohai, Bronystate!
Hi Tovler long time no see
HHEEEYYYY!!!
how you doing Tovler
dat green chick
/me shoots Tovler with his hug phaser
I'm in with 30 Bits
very, good. It's nice to be back in time for Wellness Wendesdays
hey Lil_B
Their "skills".
ho TOY_PON3 :)
Ohai Tovler
Tovler: Wellness Wensdays?
CriticKitten best sandwiches you ever had
hi CriticKitten and PillowPoni|AFK
Hai.
Malik Blistar?
*Blishtar
Hehe my middle name is Malik :P
moo
hello killerpony7733
/me puts on a kilt
TOY_PON3: Been here for a while :D
breezy
So this is where Hayden got his acting from.
killerpony7733: Sorry didn't see you xD
TOY_PON3: I didn't speak here until just now
hi killerpony7733 ;)
killerpony7733: Exactly :P
Lil_B: Hiya :)
HHHUUUGGGSSS
me too, I'm in the chat the whole time, but I sporaticly type XD
dem lurkers
/me hugs everypony
Lil_B: Honestly it depends on the day and what
/me goes to quiet corner and lays down and closes his eyes
what's on*
/me is playing a bagpipe
killerpony7733 yeah XD and I'm actually working on somethin, but I just get distracted by the chat a lot XD
Lil_B: Eh just in another channel and this. Checking between them
lol
bagpipe time is over
MOO
suddenly i want to listen to bagpipe brony
yes
killerpony7733 a chatroom here?
ded
Applechip Bagpipe Brony is awesome :)
FATALITY
right in the brotherhood
Lil_B: You know you can join outside channels besides being on BS?
killerpony7733 i know
and i am back
just fall down
....weebles wobble but they don't fall down.
damn updates
there goes one shrek
Hey everypony!
hi Calcos323
how you doing Calcos323
Ah. TF2 pugs, I have missed you so <3
alexxm, I'm doing fine. Been talking with Jeff Burgess recently. Such a cool guy
<3
Jeff Burgess?
Skillet
Jeff Burgess is an up-and-coming Brony musician.
Brony songs are awesome
Calcos323: Oh cool, sorry I'm sleepy so I'm not using my brain at this moment x3
That's ok
I'd link his channel, but I dun wanna get in twoble
I`m listening to skillet
I understand
hello
I'll just look him up later
Just search for vulpicidefilms in Youtube
skillet a brony artist?
05relighous rock band
hey everypony, what is this?
kk
hi Tyler_The_Creator
what movie is this :)
05skillet has soem decent songs
TYLER!!
Tyler_The_Creator - not a movie; Star Trek
disturbed!
I c.
thanks
my favorite religious rock band ummm has to be Flyleaf
hi everypony
other than that Im good
hey LoGaN
hi LoGaN
Hey LoGaN :P
hola
/me fires hug cannon at LoGaN
Dat LoGaN :3
RaveBrony: I'm so sleepy T-T
dafuq
/me knocks out
ohai klingon
hello Chrysalis
hiya TOY_PON3
For some weird reason I'm sleepy as well. Maybe it's thet fact I onlky got 5 hours of sleep :$
Chrysalis: How's your day? :3
*only
Ponies47: Same here :D
TOY_PON3: And it's only 11:30 AM! D:
It's 9:30AM here
Ponie47: same here
pew pew pew
stun his face or something
6:30 Pm here
So that button on his chair that he isn't supposed to touch... Self Destruct?
SET PHASERS TO HUG!
its pretty good, absolutely cooking atm
holy shit
Chrysalis: Cool ^^
how bout yours
hey MirrorImage and Crimson_Phoenix
Simgretina did a fly away remix
Chrysalis: Good just sleepy :D
cool
mhm :P
lol
lol\
Hahaha dat ending
well played
lol
more Enterprise huh
xD
Is it just me, or does this ending theme feel completely unsuitable?
Woah earthquake
It sounds like the intro theme to a 60s series.
Lasharus - to a To Be Continued episode, yes
DUNDUNDUUN
Midnight_Splendor: seriously
There was one last night alsi
/me glomps Lasharus
Where are you?
05since i soon have dinner and there is no queue
This one was smaller
05there will soon be a music break where i eat
Alright
maybe that will wake me up
SoCal
05but untill then lets see what i can come up with
time to plop on the every song video?
:D
Damn dog keeps flipping on her back everytime there's an earthquake.
wrek had some heavy streaming duty this week XD
Oh yeah?
I haven't seen anyone else streaming :/ (except maybe at 5 am or so )
Well wrek is one of the few that can stream during very late/early morning for the US and EU
Yeah
And somewhere around work hours for the EU
I know, but it's evening, scoot, sumica nittani... they all normaly stream at tthis time too as far as I can recall
\m/
I need to be here more often
Also I love that Twilight Sparkle background
TOY_PON3: I'm here 7 days in every week hehe
hey everypony, what's the haps?
killerpony7733: Nice xD
killerpony7733 dito, for 4 month now XD
BronyInstrumental: Just listening to stream music and yourself?
/me fires hug cannon at BronyInstrumental
Eli: Ummm I guess?
TOY_PON3: making musical stuffs
BronyInstrumental: Cool good luck with that
BronyInstrumental: do show?
Eli: wut?
/me chugs down orange juice
musical stuff
is a man not entitled to the sweat of his brow? NO says the man from washington, it belongs to the poor. NO says the man from the vatican, it belongs to god. NO says the man from moscow, it belongs to everyone
Eli: how would i do a show of my musical stuffs?
how many episodes does star trek have?
more than star wars
BronyInstrumental: upload on youtube and give us links? :3
lol
Space_Striker: star wars only has 3 episodes lol
Eli: oh don't worry, it'll be on YT when it's done and i'll PM anyone who wants links :)
BronyInstrumental: cool. I'll wait for it
I'm back
AND PONIES ON BRONYSTATE?
World is safe
/me fires hug cannon at Vordox
hi Vordox
compeutor derped
Vordox: it's just Twi stareing into our sould
/me glomps Vordox
/me dodges it easily as his reflexes for hurts is superpowred in the normal body.
Eli: idk whether or not to show my face though, it's a contravercial issue
souls*
/me dodges the Reality, HELLYEAH
Eli looks more like she glares Off-Screen =.=
lol
BronyInstrumental: you don't have to
wrek still streaming?
She's just so adorable xD
Lil_B: hi. and yeah, that's where you stack your porn dvds
...
Twilight has her game face on
Eli: i know but i've had a past of not being very trustworthy. anyone i show IRL would only ever believe me if i showed my face at some point
Vordox u so random today Oo
what is porn?
Lilb: Nah this is normal :P
pls dont start this convo
sonicandmario85: baby don't hurt me
/me puts a kitten on Lil_B`s head
Space_Striker but I'm allergic to Cuteness!
/me dances to music
BronyInstrumental: don't worry no one here judges you for not wanting to show your face. for whatever reason you might have, it's fine
Lil_B: kitten fight
Kitten fight! No wait im allergic to adorableness!
my hurts
arm
/me throws kitten at Lil_B's face
my hurts arm?
Don't throw kittens......LAUNCH THEM!
this is fantastic. just sitting here listening to music while i eat my sandwich
/me takes kitteh "Ohhhwwww* :3 *explodes*
Eli: even if i did i only ever show 3 quarters of it. the other quarter is behind my hair
THROW THE CHEESE!!!!
The kitteh exploded!
/me launches another kitten with party cannon at TOY_PON3's face
/me dies
ow
i'm seeing twilight, i already like this
^
/me fires hug cannon at fLYBOY
Flyboy*
/me stares at Space_Striker 's hug cannon with a technique learnt from fluttershy
moo
Vordox I made tiny Pixel version of an N64 for the SB64 animation, I had my N64 laying biside me as an Model to get the angle right XD
Lil_B: Smart drawing ;)
BronyInstrumental: i have friends in the metal sceene, they have 90% of their face covered by hair :) who am I to judge?
Eli: you're half correct in that being the reason i cover my face with hair. i AM a metalhead, but i cover my face for my own reasons
Vordox currentl trying to draw him sitting down, I have wreks spite sitting down to have an example
So plagiarising my sprites.
XD
Ish coo'
bbs
k
BronyInstrumental: i have a skin condition on my arms, and for that reason i keep them covered too. whatever your reasons are, i just hope your music is good :)
Vordox not plagiarism -.- inspirating :3 I try really hard to not just recolor yours XD
You can if you want to, just edit it :P
Eli: if i work hard it will be. i'll give ya a hint, it's a cover of an infamous song by a popular brony musician
Vordox no, I wanna learn to make them >.<
Mandopony?
=3 Good
/me puts chocolae pudding hat on
BronyInstrumental: Party HARD
moo
yogurt vs pudding
I don't know how... but somehow I configured the Moog Plugin in a way that it onli swings in one direction of the middle :/
Is Space_Striker the same person as Striker? because you're the same in terms of randomness
yes:3
who would have guessed...
this song pleases me
05and we are back
cool
urge to dance is finaly her
Bronyte is back up and running :)
Bronystate... I want my new Keyboard -.-
hehe
"**"
damnit... I just leave it that way now
Imma go Rickroll myself for a while
Have fun
Eli watch "the Internet is for Music"
will do
Eli how can you do that
Wrek|Observiking: Playing as NeutralJensen?
Sweet Deus Ex
is this DLC
alexxm: it's basically jsut listening to a song from Rick whatshisface
Rick Astley
^
Eli i know what rickrolling is i just wondered how you could do it to yourself
hey, the Turrican Kickstarter has finally an update again ... was about time -.-
He never asked for this bro
the desus ex game thats more robocop than anything
i turn on Andrew W.K. or I fight dragons. or Rick himself
Wang's office.
Is he going for the Zero Factory achievement ?
First name Deep.
Dr. Deep Wang. :|
:D
Is he going for the Zero Factory achievement ?
CriticKitten with his Brother Long
Is he going for the Factory Zero achievement ?
Yes , please ignore me
Ok :3
-_-
I dont know man
xD
/me ignores Alister because he asked for it
she doesn't really move naturally does she
the chair looks like a face
Lil_B: You don't get to say that , I'm one of the biggest Deus Ex fans. It's me who says that
Lil_B: His sister's named Lykez.
so who is streaming ?
Wrek is
CriticKitten I just made a bad pun XD Long Wang
Lykez Wang
:D
oh, looks like I didn't get the pun -.-
Wrek might capable of the achievement
be*
nvm, he took the wrong door
Lil_B: Father was named Short, after a character in his parents' favorite movie: Temple of Doom.
I could probably keep this up, too.
Mother's name is Nu
NINJA
:3
Ninja.... releoad when spotted and try again
watch out , that guard will turn back while walking
I played this game too much
Seems like it
fuuuuu
Anamoly reading in Sector 2B....wait....not 2B....
Quick load ? wish I had that on the PS3 , would save a lot of time
Hello everypony
Wrek|Observiking: You gotta go by the right door , wiat for the two guards leave the corridor , pass under the camera and enter the door at the end of the hallway
hey Obsidian
what we playing and who's streaming?
Deus Ex Human Revolution and Wrek is streaming
how you doing Obsidian
damn so close
Alright I guess alexxm
Whose playing Deus Ex?
Wrek is
Which part of the story is this?
Just go by the right door !
Obsidian: The DLC
Obsidian: Mssing link
okay
Wrek: I expect Pro skills now :P
/me is kinda away again
whoa
finally
I am now a Cyborg
not there
fail
Beer!
WHERE
Whoops.
What's this I hear about the new upcoming Skyrim DLC being a rip-off?
bastard has low ammo
enough is ENOUGH! I'VE HAD IT WITH THESE MOTHERF*CKIN' SOLDIERS ON MY MOTHERF*CKIN' GAME. Strap yourselves in. Its time to crack some skulls...
How can Dawnguard be a rip off?
Cyborg_Striker: Oh nothing , Wrek can play his own style. It's just that I developed a route to sneak by without having to kill any guard or using equipement
MASF123: It's not worth $20.
ok
Wait for the price to go down.
sneaky jenson
I'm back, ya'll
CriticKitten: Can you explain to me why
i'm back guys
Welcome back you two
CYBORGS ARE AWESOME
Nice.
Thanks
I wish I could tell him where to go
np
TOY_PON3: The amount of content is significantly limited for $20.
Will Slender be played anytime soon? The Stream Derped when someone was playing it.
BOOM! shit just got real...
CriticKitten: Oh okay
most games cost 49 bucks, I haven't checked out Dawnguard at all, so I don't know what's included-
Vivix: I kinda seen a preview but not sure if it's all cut out to be
Have to consider that for the price of Dawnguard alone, you can buy a full copy of TL2 or a number of other games.
So for that price, it's a bit much.
I haven't heard any hype eihter- so all I know is "crossbows!"
^
Seriously though if I had a choice to be a vampire or a vampire hunter. I'd be a hunter
True- it's proably going to drop in price later, might pick it up then
That's....pretty much the thing worth hyping. XD
I played a vampire in Oblivion- wasn't fun because people you bit never turned
Oh and the new dragon armor too
Vivix: I'm always a wolf ;)
The vamp lord and were changes are (from what I hear from my friends who bought it) still not very useful.
!
Aah
Maybe if Dawnguard went down about 5 bucks then it would be worth it
I like skyrim- buuuut..
I don't feel it is as free as.. lets say NV
in NV, I in an excruciatingly long and fun battle, killed Ceasar
I played NV, loved it
Well as I see it, that's a copy of TL2 or a small update to a game I've already got tired of. Not much of a choice. :P
h:P
Yeah- NV was great, I don't get the whole set.essential thing Bethesda does
and why I can't join the dragons and doom everything
lol
It wouldn't be a GOOD choice for me, but I would choose it if I could
In NV you can make all the wrong choices and die lonely and friendless
It's like that one Skyrim joke. We're related Dragon so why not take over the world together?! >:3
hehe
Well, true, but reading the history on the way up to hrothgar just made me-
Nooot want to help the blades, not fight Alduin-
Alduin is a horrible jerk, but- so where the ones you are almost forced to side with
That guy's like "dun feel like turning around lul"
I just wanted to join the munks-
/me puts chocolate pudding hat on
Yeah
When you're sick of Skyrim, abandon all quests and turn off the compass. It's awesome to just explore
And this is why I can't do stealth games/missions.
But it's not even 4:0 a.m. in the morning, why on earth are you making chocolate pudding?
Yeah or kill some villagers >:3
hehe
Skyrim's set up in such a way that you can't just wanton kill everything.
And everyone
yeah- true
Is this black light? looks like black light
Bountys
unfortunately true
Which is admittedly disappointing since, if I get sick of somebody and want to cut them down, I'd like them to not be invincible.
Wrek|Observiking: There was some ammo crates back there
i think that voice in the bacground is playing kerbal space program
Totally critic
that's one of my cons against Skyrim
There's a mod on PC that lets you kill little kids in Skyrim
And I am back. This the missing link?
Some Nords just want to watch the world burn
how in NV you can kill EVERYONE, and in Skyrim I can't even kill the guys out to kill me
The freedom is significantly reduced in Skyrim from its prior titles, where you COULD kill everyone (you'd just be theoretically screwed is all(
*)
NV I disregard human life and kill everything in site
Yeahh, like Morrowind
hehe
I almost never massmurder in games
but in Fallout I tend to shoot ghouls
Vivix your play style maybe? I have to CONSTANTLY run from fights with my skyrim character on expert. Its a little annoying but eh.
Why can't they just spawn in a few minutes just like in Red Dead Redemption?
I don't either, but I want to be able to blast lightning at dudes for looking at me funny if I get that urge.
I never really played NV even though I own it though
So I could be wrong
yeah, same here
The scorpions scare me ._.
wait what?
I tend to shy away from fights in fallout
I usually play diplomatic and sneaky
^
Same
The worst is deathclaws
but--I can attack everyone if I want to or need to
Hehe yeah
In Skyrim I use a lot of raise dead and enrage abilities.
In Red Dead you can kill almost anyone, they'll just spawn later even the store owners do
I make other things do the fighting for me
Skyrim I'm an archer and explorer, mostly
Its entertaining to boot
I love starting fights in Red Dead :D
Makes robbing a general store more fun
hehe, true
In Mafia 2 I rob stores
so I can mod cars--
Games like those we love breaking the law x3
Vivix: same here
But yeah, it's great to have freedom in RPG games
I need the achievement of startong a fight in every bar in the game
starting
Indeed it is
because even small limitations will feel like a punch to the face-
Vivix just get in the habbit of using and/or carrying scrolls that will otherwise enrage, paralyze, calm, and raise dead. It helps a TON. Thats why mage is so viable in Skyrim
Mage is easy mode
Oh yeah-
I pretty much run around shooting lightning at things in Skyrim.
I'll try that- I'm doing okay with my archery atm, but I still have trouble against Wisps and such
why is he taking crates with him?
I shoot fireballs
I collect shouts ;3
Same
Flyboy: To climb things
I can pick up crates
ok?
i headshot everything with arrows
Duex Ex?
yeah
I've gotten ot that level now, I can barely attack Dragons though
enchanted with the enchantment that lets it hit ghosts and stuff
I tend to shout at goats when I'm on mountains XD
I shoot everything in the knee
hehehe
I love goats-
Archery would be awesome if you could use it alone to do all your killing, but it simply is not that good. Atleast I have not had luck with it.
I tend to attack hunters, if they attack deer and stuff
Yeah
Ponyborn :[
/me huge deer fan
lol
Poor hunters
;__;
I hate coming across those crazy guys that just want to kill you I make sure they suffer :3
Mmmm... deer
Guess the have it coming though
/me cries and hugs deer
Hey everypont
/me has eaten a deer before
Pony*
/me in real life
I would never ear deer
Yeah- I've eaten deer too, not after I grew up though
eat*
Sumica playing Duesex? :3
MASF123 Deer is delicious.
No Wrek is
Serenity: Nope wrek
Hmm, okay
Barbetos it's taste like chiken kind of
chicken
No DTP, so couldn't tell
i hate crates...
Hehehe
Vivix You know Deer hang around my house through out the day. They just chill in my neighborhood.
I'll be damned.
Aww, so cute
I admit I was grossed out at first, but, it doesn't taste bad.
We got some around here, but I just moved here
Actually the deer here like to troll XD
Hehe
I'm honestly afraid to pet a dear, they might kick me and stomp on me ._.
Deer caan be a bit spooky
TOY_PON3: Deer aren't usually hostile
am i the only one in engladn, where dear mostly stay away from towns?
Deers can be killed by cars, that makes them weaklings.
Serenity: Really?
Bucks on the other hand, are fuckers
So one of my neighbors has these deer statues right? One of the fuckers decided to stand right next to one perfectly still. I did not notice her for the longest time XD
Flyboy: naw
Horses are more scary as they have a kick that can kill you
hehehe
True
Yeah horses can kill, but they're usually nice
Also, stags are quite hostile too
My sister got kicked by her horse-
Unless you hurt them
But deer are pretty harmless
They will fight back
I found a deer trying to hide in my tall grass
Horse can trample you to death. Lol.
Deer can kill dogs and stuff
Cyborg_Striker: Pokkymans
Cyborg_Striker get to pokeball.
Moose and Deer tend to kick dogs if they come too close
get the*
Hello everypony :)
I hate when deer hunters collect the heads of their kill and mount them on the walls
hi
T-T
Helloo
They are like Francis: "I hate dogs" >:c
sup
Hello cachi01|mobile
Yeah I hate that too-
I dunno, makes a nice decoration
lol Francis
TOY_PON3 why, it's a trophy
Slightly more humane than head of their enemy on the wall
Guys i saw a newborn spike o_o
You can't trophykill a man :/
MASF123: I'm not into that stuff
I'm a lover, not a fighter
Yeah- I just don't like it
I try not to---meddle in other peoples business
/me puts chocolate pudding hat on cachi01|mobile
So am I, but you don't see me complaining
but I would never allow a girlfriend or boyfriend to bring that into my house
TOY_PON3 taxadery is fine when they kill a baby kitten to make a stuffed animal.
The only place that I want a deer in my house is either in the oven, the plate, or my stomach
MASF123: ;~; ...
taxadermy
/me eats dat hat
/me noms cachi01|mobile
But I love baby kittens...
/me noms serenity
I do too, I find it fucked up but it's ok by many so I'm ok.
I have cyborg kittens
lol
I have a gun with a cat engraved on it
I once raised orphan kittens
Holla everypony! :)
how you doing GilDash
Hello, GilDash. How are you?
Cheerio, GilDash
Hello GilDash
Okay one time....my mom found a box of baby kittens. She.threw them away T-T
! Awww-
I have a pet cat, had him since he was a kitten, so I find it upsetting
TOY_PON3: You should have slapped her for that
PillowPoni: Fine thank you. Yourself?
PillowPoni: Ikr
/me fires hug cannon at GilDash
I've had all my cats since they were newbord
Well, she saved you a couple quid
GilDash: Pretty good
GilDash: Hiya
killerpony7733: Holla! :)
Vivix: It was sad..I wasn't born at the time so I didn't know until my brother told me
Aah-
....welp
that happened
And it's only because the mother was an alley cat >.>
;__;
/me hookshots CriticKitten and noms him
our cats descend from a barncat
fail
Dat music
Supposedly she was afraid the cats would have a disease. Pfft
those people are OP
Next cat I get in the near future, if it's a female I'm naming it either Trixie or Pinkie :$
Hehe
this has turned from deus ex to splinter cell
Mine is named Georg
MASF123: Name it Trixie. Cats are slick creatures sometimes
My cat is named Butters :3
Pinkie lulamoon and trixie pie
Mine is called Billy and he's a fucker
Hehehe
I'm gonna shoot his face one day
o_o
Cat's only do what you tell them to do when they want to do it
My cat's name is Meneno, it's made up I think
Ah yeah
Vivix: I realize Butters only cares for me since I am the one who feeds him :D
Hehe
Yeaah- but we still love em
My cat ran away years ago :'(
Eeyup
Aww-
Cats are generally very loyal to the one feeding them
:/ sorry bout that
My cat tends to come when I call for him
but..only if he can be bothered
If I ever get a cat, I'm gonna name it Pinkie if it's a girl;
Mine doesn't. Mine's a stupid bastard
Well my cat completely ignoes me XD
ignores*
Hehe
If it's a boy, I'll name him Pie. So I'll have Pinkie and Pie.
He just stares and looks away ._.
Neat
Oh man. I just come back to jensen draging a body around. Oh man the luls
my cousin`s cat is an asshole o me
i think my cat only loves my hand and not me XD
Barbetos, only Jensen
My counsins cat usually nuzzle me, then hiss at me
My sister's cat Lily gave me a scar on my forehead that's never went away lol
05stop masturbating the cat then
:D
Wrek|Observiking: I thought the same thing. XD
Hehehe
shaddup wrek i was talking about because i pet him
That was a good one
Wrek|Observiking: (<_(\
Masturbating a cat lol
ewww
Wrek: (-_(\
Is it even humanly possible to masturbate a cat talking anatamonically?
Yeah
yeah it is
Find out
what cat?
/me leaves the conversation
this topic...
^
Weell, he asked!
what is this
Its the same...
:D
I think
Serenity: Y U ASK HOW TO MASTERBATE CAT?
:P jking
Y NOT?
Actually, I think Parker fro mthe original red faction does the whole body snatching thing better than Jensen XD
o.O
the monkey did it
Serenity, well if it's possible to do it to a dog then it's possible to do it to a cat. Now if it's a stuffed/toy cat, then.....
Okay this just got weird
that's not masturbation. It's manual sex
Because if you're talking about it, I want to know if it's actually humanly possible
/me leaves thread :P
He has the sense to drape dead bodies over his shoulder and move them around.
And then the chat went bestiality
^
like--physically
who's streaming?
Soooooooo how bout that Deus Ex?
furry status
Look what you started, Wrek|Observiking!
Hehehe
MASF123: Worse than that
....I leave for five seconds and everyone's trying to figure out how to satisfy me sexually. Need an adult now. ._.
XD
So, how about the Spyro games..........
I AM AN ADULT >:3
Hehehe
i suppose i spoke before thinking
cachi01|mobile inner species erotica
=P
CriticKitten, most of us are adults here :3
I'm not, so why the hell am I even talking to you guys?
xD
I'm an Aduuuuuult! Man.......:S
That's arguable.
CriticKitten:I am an adult
We need another adult
I always think everyone is the same age as me
I forget kids exist on the internet
very arguable
i isn't an adult
Congrats guys, you managed to change topic :)
We did?
/me gives everyone a plaque
inb4 Internet fiight
What where we talking about before?
Yup lol
cats
Nothing!
vivix, you genocidal...
Barbetos: Games
lol
Noo not like thaat, honest
After that
Barbetos: and music.
Ponies, we were talking about ponies
There might be a video of somone masturbating a cat somewhere around here
Cuase I walked away when we where talking about skyrim
....
I can gurantee that cachi01|mobile
cachi01|mobile, noooooo don't bring that up hereeee
umm...
cachi01|mobile: Pls learn it on your own time xD
Xd
I've even seen dolphin...stuff
Getting the chat back on track
Okay, let's get back on track
Vivix: o_o
With the appropriate topics
Some poser tries to give a topic to talk about that I don't like. I said, "Man this ain't a good topic..." I threw it on the ground!
is wrek playing the game we're watching right now?
Yes
lol
yup
Harry Potter.. GO!
Harry Potter was fun!
Man I really don't like ron weasley
this is like Thieth
They're all jerks, but the story was fun
hey guys :)
My mom and sister didn't believe that Ron and Hermione got married
Everyone hates Ron Whesley cos' he's ginger
hehe
Hello cratorkid
Im on mobile IRC what is wrek playing?
hiya cratorkid
You're a faggot Harry
Vivix: sounds like my life
You're too nice Wrek
Which makes him evil
Deus Ex, cachi01|mobile
MASF123: I like Ron Weasley, he's a sexy ginger
o
xD
LAWl
BLIND GUARD
Oh nice
My sister says hes sexy too
hey Obsidian and Barbetos
whoa too much information
That upgrade was hidden pretty well
but..I don't find him attractive at all
That's normal
So....if you had a Patronus, what animal form would it take?
PONY!
...
Doe!
Cat!
or Goatalope
Pony
cat
Pegasus
or pony
A pegasus
Obsidian: I`m going to turn you into a portal >:3
actually. a unicorn
PillowPoni: Motherfucking blue whale
or a pegasus
Keep in mind that unicorns DO exist in Harry Potter
potrawhat?
lol
O.o
Proffesor oak counts as an animal?
cachi01|mobile: No.
Well, he is a live
Retry!
Hi everypony :)
Hi mega!
P4ngya: A spell in the Harry Potter universe that repels Dementors
Hey MegaMoonShine
hey MegaMoonShine
Hi MegaMoonShine
if i were to go into details. it would be a purple pony with dark purple and light purple hair. with a craving for books. remind you of anyone?
And then my inner Potterhead comes out
Cheerio, MegaMoonShine! :)
Hello, MegaMoonShine
Flyboy: Twilight Sparkle?
I think I would have to say goatalope
I'm addicted to that hybrid
Nevel is best badass
/me waves to everypony
The best thing that came out of Harry Potter is Harry Potter Puppet Pals
Wrek: What's your favourite weapon?
PillowPoni: eeeeeyup
/me ties up MegaMoonShine and Vivix together
Flyboy rainbow dash?
cachi01|mobile: :O
Uah!
moo
Pinkie?
Rarity?
I would lol if someone had Celestia's counterpart as a Patronus.
Applejack?
IDK WHO?
/me jumps on cachi01|mobile and starts repeatedly punching him round the face
/me shocks Cyborg_Striker
Ouch!
No figthing in spawn!
I CAN`T SEE THROUGHT MY LEFT EYE!!
But you're a cyborg...
Cyborg_Striker: You need more augmentation
The Rock-it Launcher is pretty cool and practical gun
I want my Patronus to be The Kraken. Totally kick ass and the Kraken theme is kick-ass as well
Cyborg_Striker: i cant see through your left eye either!
My favourite weapon(But it's very bad) is the Old Shotgun version
MASF123: i never found a use for it
Up close = EADLY
Deadly*
I want my Patronus to be a Narwal
:3
So either finish 2 with one melee strike, or 1 with a big fricking shot
Nothing beats me in melee except bosses
PillowPoni: so you are a greyjoy?
cratorkid, if you run out of ammo you can pick up junk on the floor and fling it at an enemy.
Dolan patronus
Dementors pls
I never made the rock it launcher
PillowPoni: What's that? I was referring to the Kraken that Davy Jones has.....
in fact I almost never made anything-
Hello everypony!
Also it does a shit load of damage
I should def go replay F3
i want my patronus to be twilight sparkle
Hello BronyJenkins :)
hey BronyJenkins
MASF123: yea , but most of my ga,es i never had ammo problems , considerin i did a hand 2 hand , and mostly stealth runs
patronus?
hello BronyJenkins
How are you guys?
cratorkid: What's that?
'good
great
Flyboy who in the hoof is that?
cratorkid well if you have high unarmed skill than yeah but let's say if you don't and run out of ammo
BronyJenkins: Pretty good. Discussing Harry Potter and other random things
PillowPoni: game of thrones refference , the greyjoy house symbol is a kraken
cachi01|mobile: i've heard enough *grabs a PTM and blows his face off*
Awesome. :3
cratorkid: I've never seen Game of Thrones. Don't have the channel :l
Im a ghost!
o.o
cratorkid: But it sounds pretty badass
anyone gonna ask what a PTM is?
no-one?
Nope
nopony
Uhh...
/me pokes Flyboy`s dead body
What is a Ptm? :3
Cyborg_Striker: wait... im not dead...?
M Night Shyamalan
You just got Shyamlan'd
What a TWIST!
:O
Did anyone play Slender yet?
Me
I heard someone did a stream on it here yeah
how was it?
Who turned me into a kitten?
Oh man if my life was a M Night Shyamalan movie it be torture
I just got 1 note
I compleded Slender...
I've never been on reddit, so I didn't think it was too scary-
slender aint scary
Its hard as fuck
so many blind guards.
I haven't played Slender
MASF123: yea, it has uses , but running around and picking up junk isnt practical, if you stck up and junk then it might be usefull, the junk that does high damage is heavy , and that weight eould be better used on ammo, it has its uses but i never had to use it
Not scary but hard
Don't you win just by not looking at him?
WHO TURNED ME INTO A KITTEN?!?!?
05brb
k
I DID
:[
Vivix its kinda hard
with my Personal Twilight Minigun!]
I've only watched people play it-
my favourite play was actually by captain sparklez, because he's jumpier than Pewdie withou screaming
Vivix he is right behind you after note 6 so u cant turn around or else ded
Wait is Slender a free game?
My Marine friend told me on FAcebook that you'll shit your food out and later eat more food to find out you shit your pants again
Ahh
Slender is free, yeah
after playing Slender
Cool I need to download it
Anyone here play CSGO?
Slender is only scary if you like the lore behind it or something-
I played slender in the middle of the night while playing Michael Myers Theme
Its already out?
Favourite weapon, Wrek?
I heard it was shit
Vivix: I know a thing or two about Slender
it was scary as shit
TOY_PON3: same
I've never heard about slender, before the game
Vivix: And the problem is when people like pewdiepie plays it and all people will play it to death and will go around and say ''dude play this game it's god damn scary'' and it gets the game boring and meh quickly with so many people playing it
I dont get scared easily.
I personally found IT HURTS guy to be scarier, and eerily similar and older than Slender
I might download Slender....don't know if my computer can handle it. I think the second biggest thing on my hard drive is my music library, which I'm sure is probably 6GB by now
WHY AM I STILL A KITTEN!!
SLENDY FTW
true killerpony7733
yeah pewdiepie isnt that great
rd!
now give me 20 dollars
I think my steam library is 250 gb, and my music..probalby 80?
05back
TOY_PON3: i like robbaz more
Wrek! Favourite weapon!
Is it true the Slenderman is real?
If anyone knows who It hurts guy is, you get a internet cookie
Vivix: Holy fuck...80GB of just MUSIC??! You must have at least 1TB or more of space
cratorkid: I like uberhaxorus
Evening, Nittany_Discord~
I have 1Tb disk yeah
Wrek: Silenced, or Tranq, or special?
Vivix: You have a laptop?
MASF123, only if you believe he is
cheap 5400rpm, but it hasn't let me down yet
TOY_PON3: i use to llove the creatures then stopped , they can just bget anoying
I like more than one youtuber... I dont understand the hate.
no it's a stationary
what that's lame
11,01Dammit, I wanted to sneak in. *Dusts PillowPoni's head*
what kinds of music do you have in this 80 gig folder?
Hi Nittany_Discord
Vivix: Oh
Ohi Nittany_Discord
visual kei, noise, alternative, ambient, etc
hey Nittany_Discord
cratorkid: I see
atm I use more spotify- so it's a bit out of date
Hello Nittany_Discord :)
Nittany_Discord: lolol I can see when you get on :3 *vaccuums Nittany_Discord*
He should be real, that would be awesome
how you doing Nittany_Discord
sounds about the same as my tastes
Cheerio, Nittany_Discord! :)
Sparklez, cry, strihiryu, pewdiepie, tobuscus and nova FTW
/me 11,01is clean!
Cool, l0x0r just recently told me about Sleep Party People on..comments, and my god- it's like Shoegaze, meets noise, meets synths
/me is also clean!
They're danish, I think?
/me is dirty
/me is slightly clean
11,01Hi TOY_PON3, Obsidian, cratorkid, alexxm, BronyInstrumental, and everypony else.
:3
/me is squeaky clean
Vivix: What is danish?
Hey Nittany_Discord
11,01Hey Lasharus
Sleep Party People, I think-
I will shower in a little bit
denmarks language
Vivix: Which is what exactly?
TOY_PON3: i really like angry poncho, mikelat. criken, and thezemalf
I never asked for this.
It's a band, eh
cratorkid: Never heard of them o.o
really cool, heavily modulated voices and --awesome
Y U NO PLAY IB
I mostly watch Tobygames
/me stops lurking
Hi Nittany_Discord!
11,01Hey MaidSurge.
Vivix: Never heard of them. So i wouldn't know if they are danish or not. But i do live in denmark so yah :P
TOY_PON3: welll there my favorites, just be carefull , i like mikelat but he doesnt like bronys
cratorkid: :<
Ah, I'm Norwegian
Has anyone here beaten I wanna be the Guy?
Awesome!
Anybody got the newsletter yet?
I just found them a few days ago, or actually last night, and all their related artists are Danish at least
I can't link music during stream, but if you like noisy and ambient love, check them out on spotify or youtube
Vivix: Hehe We are in generally around under 5 or so danes and a close tie with norwegians and swedes
im a dane:)
Hehe, yeah A alot of scandinavians here
andy: Hehe nice!
FFiiMM
i'm a brit :)
Vivix: But yeah we are quite a few scandinavian brothers here :)
I`m asian
Yeahh- it's fun to see
i'm MASF123
but yeah, andy, what do you listen to?
well i got really into the brony music
but that doesnt seem to have a genre
i also like ambient
yeah- seems to be spread out
I fell in love with shoegaze and sadcore via ambient
electronic music too lazy to classify the kinds listen to
ill check them out
Rock music
What's your least favorite music Vivix?
meow
rock is always good
I enjoy rock too :$
I like live electronica, like sleep party people or casiokids
anyone else here listen to asking alexandria?
Rock and metal FTW
least favourite?... Avant Garde jazz maybe
Nerdy or gangster? Which one would you rather be?
used to BronyInstrumental
Nerdy, def
MASF123: Nerdy.
Both
Nerdy
MASF123: nerdy. no contest
Nerdy for me
yeah I say nerdy
nerdy
I really like crazy noisy jazz, but not avant garde
Crazy noisy jazz is best jazz
AWw Yeahh
I need to learn more names- I find ith ard to FIND jazz
meow
/me has He's a Pirate! theme stuck in his head
seems to me good music is hard to find
I am--veery open to music
SKILLET
Same
you almost have to be to collect 80n gigs
I mean- on Fimfiction I and some guy have spent like a month just trading links
I find beautiful music everywhere
hehehe
Anything that sounds good to my ears, I like
all music has some beauty to it
yeah, and all decades too-
besides rap andy
all time low are amazing
Some rap can be cool-
right besides rap of course
Some rap is good
I like rap >.>
I kiiinda like--eh Beck's rap
like Beck - Loser
Except the new crap
but thats like sloppy white rap
depends it can't be mainstream
That's a good song
depends wat kind it is i guess
the pop rap usually makes me cringe
I only like rap from bronies.
Now I`m fish
yeah, pop rap is cringeworthy
I dont like rap
Of anything
Pop Rap is crap
I am a sucker for organic and loud sounds
EPIC RAP BATTLES OF HISTORY!!
organioc
no
kinda why I don't listen to metal anymore-
organic*?
Twisted Metal
I only listen to some metal
they've perfected distortion and production, it don't sound angry and alive to me anymore
The only rap i listen to is
MASF123: that's an awesome game
EPIC RAP BATTLES OF HISTORY
yeah
Vivix you'd like 'the mortician's daughter' by black veil brides. awesome song
no Rap battles
Screamo...is not music to me I'm sorry
epic rap battles are exactly what the name implies
Dafuq
ALL METAL IS MUSIC TOY
Maaybe- I'm extremely skeptical to most metal
is stream playing music?
I like 80s music, some of them.
they are being sarcastic which why they type it in Caps
cachi01|mobile: Sorry not Screamo
because it sounds amazing
me too
BOTDF nope
Yes it is
:|
I did listen to screamo for a while, since they tended to use singlecoil guitars and more noisy chords
what is this?
nice violin music
What if i show you a metal bronu?
very nice
I love this music
I`m listening to rainbow factory by woodentoaster
Most of his songs are screano
Mo
AVAST Fluttershy's ASS
I only really listen to PinkiePieSwear of the bronies, but there's others I like
CLEAR SKIES
you guys should check out wooden overture
PINKIEGUY FTW
appejack the engineer cover
sci is one of my favorite artists. His music is sorta....eh....how do I describe his music?
Thing is, I don't like too much humour in music-
Applejcak's FiM Theme
I like Alex S
jack
Y U NO LISTEN TO PINKIE GUY?
i like most of the brony musicans
Dubstep never got noisy enough to me, I like some of it, but sometimes it's just noot.. disgusting enough
i'm partial to some you me at six
Party with Pinkie Pie and MLP FiM Theme glitched
Skrillex is okay to me
You me at six, heard of them, they're pretty decent
then again, I'm sorta new to electronic music in general.
Reptile's Thme
Skrilles..... No
Just no
Nope
I like electronic bands that don't use computers or samples live
DUBSTEP JUST NO
^
Amen
Excpet ofr Skillex
Some dubstep is pretty good
some dubstep is ok'
oh god stream music is so good
I do like some of omnippony because I love his voice slice, but yeah
one of my favourite bands i've discovered as of yet is escape the fate. they have a song called something. best frickin' name ever
Okay whoever compares Skrillex to Michael Jackson, fuck him
XDD
i know
hehe
Who dafuq would make that comparison?
Both suck IMO
Whoever compares One Direction to The Beatles, fuck him
Both suck imo
someone compared skrillex with michael jackson?\
/me listens to Deadmau5 from time to time
05yeah who dares to compare the musical marvel that is skrillex to a lowlife like michael jackosn
cachi01|mobile: :|
I think Justin Bieber sucks :S
Don't compare bands negatively
Wrek|Observiking: Ikr?
^
Wrek|Observiking, the indignity of it all
Honestly now, if something is popular it is popular for a reason
Wrek, you don't like MJ?
Ot
True
It's not ofr me, but I don't care otherwise
Vivix, Michael Jackson worked hard to get where he was/is
Meh
Of course, but I'm not a fan of his sound
all credit to him though, he deserved what he made
Jackson 5 started his career
evem parasprites like MJ, and that's saying something
Ello everypony.
even
Ello lowfn :)
MJ sucks..... The only time i listen to one of his songs. Its a parody or a cover by alien ant farm
hey lowfn
If his dad hadn't pressured him into becoming a pop singer he would've never made music
True-
cachi01 no YOU SUCK!
cachi01|mobile, get out
xD
NO U SUCK
AND U GET OUT
AND U XD
your name sucks too
Flame War Commence
remember guys, just because we don't like something, doesn't mean it has no right to exist
inb4 kick
Dat Metallica
AND UR NAME SUCKS TOO
abandon tread
Vivix, agreed
Vivix yeah i guess u r right
Your name sounds like a rip-off Virgin Mobile
Yeah, that is true Vivix
I realized, after creating my youtube and all, that theres an anti aging creme named Vivix
I was like "daaaamn..."
xD
/me swims around fish bowl
lol
Really? Lol
no notreally
U mad masf?
I really like this version of The Unforgiven
no notreally
yeah u mad :3
Trolls are against the rules here
Im not trolling
Just stand back my buds and watch
i missed a troll
Sure your nit because your not doing it right
08,01wheee
not
08,01my bass guitar arrived today!
/me walks backwards
08,01i dunno if i said earlier
Awesome saturb
N
congrats
08,01so i've been twanging away at it for about an hour
where your fears and horrors come true
08,01and my fingers are *so* blistered right now
08,01String_Shredder: Washburn AB10
That does not sound wrong at all :D
Lol
washburn? how is that wrong
08,01i can hardly type...
08,01so worht it, thouhg
You play finger style?
08,01it's a wonderful bass
08,01aye; i've never used a plectrum before, and have no idea how to
08,01MASF123: i do now!
I use plectrum on all my basses- except the one with Flatwound strings
lol
that's and interesting soundtrack. who is it?
just a question, what's a plectrum?
i wish i knew
08,01honestly... i still prefer the cello
nice
Wrek always plays the best songs <3
a pick, plastic or other material
08,01but maybe because i'm a lot more familiar with hit
what's a plectrum?
http://www.effectpowersupplies.com/ekmps/shops/stompbox/images/washburn-ab10-acoustic-bass-1658-p.jpg
Dat Octavia envy
I still want a damn cello
08,01cachi01|mobile: that's actually the exact shop i bought it from :D
I kinda want a doublebass too, but they're damn expensive
Awesome!
Is that it there? Dude, that's cool looking
what's a plectrum?!
08,01ALSO
BronyInstrumental: its a pick,you use it to pluck strings
Wish I could learn how to play and instrument T-T
08,01WHO IS GOING TO GALACON THIS WEEKEND?
an*
Not me :(
You just buy it, and stay on
I wish that too..
Vivix: oh. i know what a pick is, i always just call it a pick
08,01because i'm going, and we should totally go for drinks
i don't even know where galacon is
Yeah, the official term is plectrum
It's in Germany
08,01TOY_PON3: aye
yay~
i need to brush up on my cello, i'm a little lack-luster ATM. same with drumming
One thing for sure, you must take pictures
I'm going to buy a cello eventually- but there's a few other thigns I need first
I must say Bronycon couldn't have picked a better location, it's in New Jersey
Bronycon in Aussie next year
I heard they will move it to L.A. I hope they don't
Really?
i can go to the next bronycon if it's in january. i couldn't go to the last one solely because of when it was
But I wanna go to Bronycon T-T
l.a can be a nice place
I WISH BRONYCON COULD BE IN TEXAS:'(
Equestria L.A. is coming up in November
I might go
I wis Bronycon would stay in New Jersey
MOO
10 days until BUCK, so excited!
I just want to go to one damn brony convention and my life will be complete
wait I`m a fish
yea i would like to see bronycon sometime
TOY_PON3, look behind you an alien!
I've kinda wanted to play at one, but I don't have a bronyband
i see Striker is still here-_-
Why not solo?
05only 10 days?
05fuck
05fuck
I prefer bands, cause the n idon't have to sing
05fuckj
fuck
^
Vivix: Why don't you like singing?
I like singing, but not on stage
Oh
I only sing backup if I haave to
now I`m a pickle
Stage frigght I assume
^
fright
Well- I'm more comfortable on stage than off
but not singing
I see
metallic
metallica covers?
Swetie Belle did the same thing and look what happened
oh yeah
it is
hehe
lol
poor sweetie belle lol
YAY BACK TO NORMAL!!
I wouldn't mind singing if it was really loud shoegaze and I got to use filters and synths--aww yeahh
:S
I need t oget back into a jam band-
if you party hard enough, maybe you'll have a tatoo on your ass the next day... that's how you earn a cutie mark
hehehe
yeaa
/me puts on a kitten hat
/me feeds kitten hat
/me saves poor kitten from Striker's evil grip
on concerts, I like to feel the ass punch me in the face-
bass*
so is this DLC or something
jeeeez..
i have a band of my friends. we haven't done any gigs yet but the sound is pretty cool
Coo, cool
Don't think so alexxm
I haven't played live wihit my friends, but we played a lot of concerts during music school
I can play an Xbox, it that an instrument? :O
Nice
thanks MegaMoonShine so how've you been
although i am a little sheepish on stage as i do 3 of the 5 parts in my band >.<
my favourite was eh..the live jam group, soo muuch noiiisee
/me is suddenly on a big chair petting a cat
aahh
Great alexxm, thanks :$
on the live jam group we were three drummers, 2 bassists, 4 guitarists and a vocalist with pedals
I wish I could play an instrument but I don't know which one to choose
I've done Karaoke xD
hello everypony
:P
TOY)PON3, any good at it?
what music is this wrek is playing?
Im expert in rock band
how've you been Striker
in my band i hafta do the lead, the rhythm and singing at the same time. it gets complicated sometimes
Does that count?
goog
Ahh, yeah
I like playing..live focused
MASF123: After a couple of times I did better
like if we lack a guitar, we don't write a guitar part
WHat song was it?
I sang Rebel Yell
xD
Damn keyboard, the buttons are jammed
I sing really good Morrissey and The Smiths :3
Like eh--punk ish voice?
it pains me to say it but i sing a mean rick astley :D
MOO
...hmmm I don't follow music so those songs I haven't heard of
or am i totally confusing htose names?
Vivix: Sorta rockabilly
Aah , cool
I love playinh surf rock when I'm alone
Yeah my brother got me into that ^^
Pony Music is on the lost
list
05a great rebel yell cover
Yeah lol
Wrek|Observiking: Oh I wish
I really like voices that..aren't completely in tune
Ah
Like Pumpkin Head, that guy--even with autotune he sounds off
it's just..the best ..it just sounds awesome
Never heard of him :P
HI everypony!
japanese... eh nagoyakei band? I think
it's kinda like grunge and punk
HI Capfluttershy :)
Morrissey and The Smiths is kinda underground
eh
I like punk music
I like some punk- but I dunno, I haven't heard a lot
I'm gonna miss this weeks friday movie night, because i'm on an open air festival :) LMFAO are comming :P I don't care if they're mainstream, i heard they make awesome liveacts
MegaMoonShine: how are you? ;)
I heard black flags cd where they didn't play any songs, just recite creepy as hell poems
creeped me out-
Great, Capfluttershy
:)
Ewww LMFAO
well I'm out
http://cristgaming.com/pirate.swf
Later MASF123 :)
yay
pirate gif
See you
Ny fave swf
Byebye
well, the Red hot Chill peppers are coming too
a lot of people come to me in school asking me how to play stuff. it gets annoying sometimes
see ya MASF123
hehe
YEAH
Playing is..you just gotta do it
RHCP
bye MASF123:
FYW
FTW
the more rules you try to force into your head the harder it gets, when you learn the rules you learn in what ways you can break them
they say the best way to learn something is to do it in a way you enjoy it
yeah
that way you can practice a lot
MegaMoonShine: hey do you have skype?
I don't know the names of any chords, but I can figure out what chords I'm playing by counting scales and shit-
I take it I'm old cause I like Carl Perkins
No I don't Capfluttershy
like how C 7 is..just a C with a major and a seventh
/me fire hug cannon
so c7 is like.. at least 10 different chords
or..okay maybe 5
well im not gonna be on to long so..Bye Everpony!
baaii
later Capfluttershy
Bye capfluttershy
Damn it 2 late
you are a pirate
a pirate is free man
yes
13http://fav.me/d4hb5yc
hey Shizuka
Dat roseluck
And hi shizu!
um wow nice roseluck
Hello Shizuka :)
silent chat is silent >.>
/me goes to lurk
FIRE THE HUG CANNON
/me fires hug cannon
akward silence ensued
it's quiet.....tooo quiet...
more awkward silence
moo
so..
I think i brok it
is he playing the addon?
yeah
hey Dark_Horst
hi
https://encrypted-tbn3.google.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQJ7ljFkfxa2pwxScrzh8EVXTHEAK-kwe-q0H9XEUvyPas02SlSTQ
wow those google links are long
Dark_Horst: How's your day? :)
Yarr
I've seen longer
that's what she said >.>
Sorry had to say it
hehe
xD
yarr
GAAAH!
lol
slightly tired, slight construction work today. pays good though, so i'm happy^^
DAMNIT YOU BEAT SiGNAL SYSTEM I MADE ISN'T WORKING
:[
:P
Dark_Horst: That's good :3
ooh a song i know
andy: what is?
Anypony here has played forbidden.exe?
lemon tree foold garden
amazing song actually
fools garden
lolnope
just starting to learn java
Yarr
,
silence...
dun dun dun
/me is lurkin
/me turns into a spy
So, I started playing LA NOIRE again
whats la noire?
hey
it's a crime novel ish game
really damn good
cool
heh
AND you can skip the action if you don't like playing those parts
/me sneaks paat andy
anyone played heavy rain?
only seen it-
BEST CONVERSATION EVER
"Tell me, do you remember Andy?" "No..."
totally
hehehe
Y:Truth A:Doubt X: LIE
*Doubt
Did somepony say L.A. Noire?
I want that game so badly! x3
X!
I have it on computer, but haven't palyed it yet
I used to borrow my sisters copy on Ps3
so I have played it a lot
<3 music
"FUCK YOU LADY, YOU KNEW ANDY AND RAPED THE CORPSE! I GOT PROOF!"
/me is listening to other music
its pretty sweet allright
what's he playing?
L.A noire is meh
I wanted to buy it during Summer Steam Sale but I had some mishaps ^^'
wow
who raped me again?
aww
And that's LA Noir
Yeah but I'm patient :3
U have to guess if hello is true false or doubt
Cole Phelps yelling at rtandom people for no reason
teehee, womens volleyball
I think it's really worht it if you like crime shows of the old sort
I love that type of stuff
I like the talking more than the action- but I wish you could just drive around for lulz more
I like the Street cases
That game is for me then
Like MASKED GUNMAN
Ah, DEUS EX... I still haven't completed that.
I shot that dude in the Ass and he died of it
hehe
Lotsa translucent figures
ah deus ex
i enjoyed this game
I liked it too, but I hated the bosses
Or THE SHOO-SHOO THEIVES. Shot 'em both in the head and they still call an ambulance
Hmm.. I came on here, when season 3 releases, will it be livestreamed here?
they were made by square enix though- not whoever made deus ex
yeah
Vivix: Ion Storm made deus ex itself. And Eidos published i believe
Hello everypony. Deus Ex and awesome music. I <3 Bronystate.
yeah, could of lost the bosses and lost nothing from the game
yeah. but they outsourced the bosses
Because with the rumors of them trying to take down season 3 vids, and me not being able to watch the hub, I'm hoping to find a livestream of the episodes.
they were made by square enix I think, therefore they don't follow the playstyle or aanything of the game
DX1 had bosses of sorts but they were all optional not a requirement to fight
They're always going to be taking down episodes from youtube, but it'll be streamed and stuff anyway, as usual
Hello Canadian_Brony :)
yeahh-
Great, bookmarking this site for season 3 then.
Delos-X Bronystate will stream the S3 premiere when it's released. Currently, there's no release date
hi
so pumped for season 3
Thanks, I was just wondering if there is. I know that due to there being 13 episodes, they will be able to produce seasons quicker, therefore giving shorter breaks.
how you doing Canadian_Brony
Aww Yeahh
Who isn't?
only 13 :(
Less episodes = less waiting = more seasons.
well, sort of, 13 episodes was said to be "for a special reason"
Only 13 MADE BY OTHER STUDIO
Hey Canadian_Brony!
and wil hinted that season 4 will be 22-26 again
arent seasons usually every year
even simpsons had a few 13 episode seasons
Spoilers: It ends early because somepony dies
yeah seasons are once every tv season
usually fall - spring
alexxm not bad. I'm trying to conjure up something to drink for the MLP drinking game taht I can get cheap and in bulk.
so less episodes means more time between right?
currently, I've got nothin'
yes
What if Gaben is director of season 3?
13 episodes will make it a longer wait
that doesnt sound pleasant
but I wonder what the secret is
might be a movie or a tv special of some length
but i guess you cant rush these things
ViolaGrey|Drawing: And the episodes could be longer as of that result
I'd rather not know
longer wait for each season if theres less episodes? doesn't make sense.
yeah, this is normal in tv
it's normal Delos
Vivix: I mean't you not ViolaGrey|Drawing
killerpony7733: nice fail ping :P
xD
well, comedy is 22 minutes
TOY_PON3 Then episode 3 of season 3 would never release
we probably wont get longer than that
If the finale is supposed to be epic it better blow my pants off
btw hi ViolaGrey|Drawing
hay TOY_PON3 :P
but Wil said the 13 episodes is for a special reason, and that they are working on more seasons
I know ^^
I'm curious about the villain, the one 'leaked' from the quiz is apparently a possible villain.
I don't look at leaks
All I look foward to in season 3 is the songs
k bronies, Im back
Vivix exactly. Shorter seasons doesn't mean a series is dying
yeaah
^
Wb DoctoDoctorWho :)
hi DoctoDoctorWho
and I mean everyone said Simpsons was dead s4 because original writer staff left
Yeah
ofcourse I'm not saying we're getting 20 seasons, but I'm not worried
one of the longes running shows
Each episode should be an hour long :/
the longest running sitcom ever
20 seasons would be awesome though.. XD
hehe, drama gets 40 minutes, we get 22
xD
Oh yeahh, if they could keep the quality up- that would be amazing
as long as it doesnt descend into mediocrity
Definately.
I doubt they'd be able to
"This hour has 22 Minutes"
do you know what a simpsons episode cost?
750 000 dollar
Even if FiM ends bronies will still make custom episodes so we have nothing to fear
damn
I wonder what MLp costs
idk
I noticed a similarity between discord and chrysalis' defeat though..
think about that when you download things
could the fandom go on without the series?
Yes
trekkies did
TOY_PON3 IKR? Just look at "Double Rainboom"
they both underestimated them at the peak of their goal.
i think so too
andy of course
Canadian_Brony: Exactly
but it would die a little
I hope they don't do that again, it would be dissapointing.
Seriously I could live without MLP, just my life won't be so happy and I wouldn't have met any of you :)
aww
;)
i agree
/)
(\
/)
/)(\ :D
./)
bro hoofs for everypony!
yay
Yeaahh!
(\
Eeeyup.
TOY_PON3: And i doubt BS would go down one day. Look at how good it goes. BS would probably be around so can always hang out and watch stuff here in the future
hey, who's streaming?
I would be a fan even without the fandom I think-
I've always loved cartoons like MLP
killerpony7733: Indeedy
wrek is streaming Canadian_Brony
Vivix: Same here
Sorry lagged out 4 a sec, NOW Im back.
thx MegaMoonShine
missed epic brohoof session
Same, chat derped
another? /)
sure
(
Vivix: same :D
(\
I haven't got missing link, I haven't even completed the maing story XD
woot! (\
main*
/)
(\
dont u mean mane?
Thats when you're refering to the mane 6 characters.
main, mane, whatev
And I'm talking about the main campaign for deus ex XD
usually u can use it whenever the word main comes into play
if you'd like, sure
it doesnt matter tho, to each his own.
just like how we say "Everypony"
some guys ponifi their PC to replace every main with mane
I prefer to use it when I'm reffering to the task, really. But oh well, its personal preferance.
there is this thing for browsers that replaces all 'anyone' and stuff like that to the brony variant.
there is?
where?!?!
yeah, I'll get a link quickly.
/me squee
they have whole videos on how to ponify your pc
personally, i think it's a bit over the top. but yeah, you can download it
or mac
/me forgot all the notes while playing, suddenly skronknonknoise
Wrek|Observiking: Button under the desk with the screen
or replace your programm icons :) i love the Spitfire/Firefox icon
oh fancy whats playng there mate
I belive its this: http://pterocorn.blogspot.co.uk/2011/10/ponify.html
mrmaskpony: wrek is playing Deus Ex
hi mrmaskpony. Wrek is playing Deus Ex: Human Revolution
Im getting my own computer soon, any suggestions? im just geting a gaming computer and Im planning on buying from alienware, any suggestions?
okidokiloki
Depends on what you're willing to spend, alienware PC's can get expensive.
I said suggestions twice,:P
Can you do that? :O
DoctoDoctorWho ]
sorry, I'm
using a laptop
lets just say money isnt an issue
THIS THING'S KEYBOARD SUCKS!!!!
Oh, if that's really the case... hang on a sec.
well find the most expensive computer out there then
I'd say you spend around 15-1800
and I dont require mobility either
that sound so "old movie evil guy" like :)
and buy it in parts, better warranties
Ikr
money isn't an issue... just kill bond
I say you just try to get a good factory set up
Hey bud, what's on?
no overclocked CPU or overclocked GPU
it's not worth it
thanks
hi Braviary. Wrek is playing Deus Ex: Human Revolution
I've never bought a finished PC, but I'm guessing Alienware lets you pick parts?
Ooh.
if you can get a moderately sized SSD (not a HUGE one, you want it primarily for the OS + applications) go for it
I believe so
If you're really not worried about price, try the aurora. I don't have any PC's but they seem to have good specs.
SSD can be good, but it's rumoured that it can randomly wipe itself
I don't have any alienware PC's*
I run on a 5400 RPM disk, don't feel it's all that slow-
i trust in good old harddisks
I bought it by accident, isntead of 7200rpm, didn't een notice
Vivix is right buy parts. it's cheaper in the end, and most of the time it's better
they have was more rooma nyway
Wrek|Observiking: you pumped for dark souls pc edition?
*way
and when in parts, you can keep upgrading without spending too much money, until your mobo is obsolete
Im scared to try prepare to die edition
I need a new computer. My current one won't play Steam games and will freeze every once in a while
sick-
Moo ^.^
Ponify looks cool
so anyone get the news letter yet
hi Ponies47
sup Ponies47
alexxm not sure, haven't checked my e-mail today
what news letter are you talking about?
Ohai Canadian_Brony :3
alexxm: Nothing much
true-
Hi ponies47 and dat SB entrance lol
if you're not comfortable handling parts, it might not be hte best idea
yeah Im not too good in that area of assembly
thats pretty cool
my dad was, and is, a nerd, so I grew up with it
Vivix same
even if I haven't really been a nerd in that way for quite a while, I can still build a computer on my own
well, somewhat
and there's also the argument where "buying parts" still requires you to buy like MB, Processor, and a lesser extent Memory at the same time (maybe case too?). You need to make sure all your parts fit together...
he buit 5 computers
*built
Deus Ex?
Eeeyup.
Yes, Emil
yeah, but now adays thats much easier htan in the old days
Okay.
hi Emil. Eeeyup. Human Revolution
I remember putting in ram in my computer and instantly just smelling burnt computer
we threw the ram in the freezer
Canadian_Brony: Ponies attack?
lol Vivix
Emil lolz
I had 96mb ram!
xD
then again I have a tendacy to be modest about myself
You can actually drag bodies in this game? WOW.
WIN.
apparantely
Yeah, its also pretty fun to do takedowns on people.
Owned, biatch.
emil you can do that in most modern games witha stealth element
Friendship is magic B****.
If the guy streaming is on this, I'd save the stun gun for the boss.
Chrysalis: I guess.
I think he's doing a no kill achievement
so i guess all guns are saved for boss?
Emil so you are a mmmmmmm beyatch that doesnt like mmmmm bananas
Well, stun gun is best on bosses in the campaign.
one time I wrote a poem 4 school, and at the end I just said "good enough" and handed it in. everyone kept likening it to dr seuss
I don't know the boss for this.
Delos-X Wrek is currently streaming
ohai cachi01|mobile
cachi01|mobile: I don't really know, I...
and as mods are the only ones who can stream, hes obviously in here :P
Emil WELL I KNOW WHERE YOU WONT.FIND ANY
Ik, I was just wondering if he's reading this.
Hey everypony
Hey Serenity :)
Hello serenity.
cachi01|mobile: Oh please, no, help!
Emil ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNAAAAAAAAA BEYATCH
hey serenity
lol
Lol
hai /Serenity
Hi canadian_brony :)
dinner back soon
Ordered 2 pony t-shirts today.
DoctoDoctorWho my English 9 teacher read us doctor Seuse *spelling?* as part of our poetry unit
So awesome.
hi Serenity
Emil: lol
we never had any dr seuss
my only knowledge from him is via simpsons
of*
If only my PC could run games like this.. :/
Emil nice! I have one and I'm waiting for my wristband to arrive
^
Canadian_Brony: Nice.
Delos-X I know that feel
So, I stick to games like mlponline and tf2. ^^
Mlponline?
I dont know how people could grow up without disney and the doctor
I can't even play TF2
Not out yet, right?
Delos-x atleast u can play TF2
Erm.. a 2d mmo, i don't want to be kicked for advertising.
No, not THAT doctor
the doctor isn't that big in europe, but DISNEY? Oh man..<3
Doctor FTW.
Hah, barely.
Doctor Seuss that is
Oh.
Unless I get permission from mods to talk aboutmlponline, I can't say anything.
eyup
I don't want to get kicked or anything.
That sucks.
mlp online?
that like an mmo or sumthin?
If you really want, google it.
Fallout Equestria, MLP online, And Legends of Equestria. All big games.
google has the answers
Fighting is Magic.
huh
Dude u cn talk about MLP online
I actually work as a spriter for mlponline ^^
so steam is gonna start selling software
Fallou Equestria should totally be a mod for fallout 2
Its ok
fallout equestria is a game O;o
to the Internet! *Batman theme*
as well as games
And Ponykart!
Emil: I am really looking foward to LOE
killerpony7733: Same.
I'm one of the spriters for MLPOnline.
I wanna play Ponykart!
Delos-X nice hows the game going?
Fallout Equestria is a mod for Fallout 3.
Chrysalis what kind of software?
To the batPC!!
Vivix just about any from the looks of it
Coo-
Still in development. multiplayer not out yet but singleplayer beta is.
I like that most of my osftware works without internet
Emil: oh
DAW's and Animation software should never require internet
K I'm back lol
Wb.
Wb TOY_PON3 :)
steam has offline mode
yeah, but you know-
thanks :3
I want to play deus ex again.. I forgot how fun it is to sneak around on it.
Emil I thought it was a fan-fiction with about 1'000 stories based off it, similar to "The Conversion Bureau"
for instance, a music daw computer, usually works best if it has no internet at all
though- now adays even Cubase requires you to use eLicense, but eLicense can be activated offline--so nevermind it requires no net on the DAW
k I know this is a noob question but how do u ping pple? I never quite figured it out.
Canadian_Brony: It is also a fanfic. Or, rather, a series of fanfic. But it is being made into a game.
ah
it might really cool though- I like buying software
ok
DoctoDoctorWho you just write there whole name
If only I had the money to buy software :D
Yar har...
Hehe
like Chrysalis?
yup
not all software is too expensive- but when they are, you have themf or years
that would ping me
had i not turned them off
Vivix: I want the best of the best ^^
I'm glad people are making mlp games and fan-merchandise.
hehe
awesomesause
Delos-X: Same.
Photoshop costs 1200 usd I think? Flash much the same
who ever invented Tab key: bless him
Delos-X like Budding Friendship
but! you can rent them for like.. 80 bucks a month
Aah
that looks AWESOME XD
i couldn't write half of your names
speaking of fan merchendise...
If you are into an art school I'm sure you get them for free well, renting
DoctoDoctorWho you can write the first few letters of somepony's name and hit "tab" for a shortcut. You may have to hit "tab" more than once if the name you want doesn't appear right away
huh
i dont remember this bit
in school you usually get a discount, or loan the school's license
this a DLC?
Yeah
I think hasbro should make better quality plushies and things like that, the current plushies they have is bad quality, really.
I bought Animate 2 instad of flash, because honestly I can't afford 1200 dollars
Delos-X: They are cheap bastards. They don't care about us. No-one does.
it's more geared toward traditional animation anyway-
Delos-X: the fan made merch is way better :P
I saw a RD plushie with her at the gala dress go 4 2500 on ebay
i wanted to get into some digital art and thought of buying photoshop, just seems so expensive when i have no idea how long ill be doing it
Delos-X: But that is the way with everything.
Vivix.......... Yar har.........
Wowee
I stopped pirating when I started getting money
Good boy.
Delos-X I've seen a hand-made Rainbow Dash plushie, but it was expensive and sold high at an auction. HOWEVER, it was super-high quality
Or girl, I guess.
there are alternatives, luckily
boy, yeah
Ok.
If u saw the plushie u would think it was worth it
and yeah, I like it- you get so much extr afrom buying too
yeah
must put plushie on to buy list when i start getting paid
Cool
sometimes i think hasbro is just repainting their stock of G3 toys and then they try to sell it to us
like Cubase came with dvd's and cool box--and shit
Yeah, I've been watching a person on DA, hoping I'll get the money to buy one of their plushies.
They're amazing quallity, but start at around £80.
Wow.
Chrysalis I've already added it to my list along with about 500 other things. And that's just MLP merch
but they would be worth it.
Delos-X your UK based?
I'm in the UK, yeah.
you going to B.U.C.K?
if he isn't theres still time to get tickets. 10 days left
ohai BronyInstrumental
Wish i can, but its a 4 hour drive alone, with traffic and costs, I can't go.
hey Delos-X, I have a question?
cheerio Canadian_Brony
Erm.. yeah?
What do you want to ask?
I wish i could go BUCk... but it's my best friends birthday, and he's turning 18 so yeah, no chance
Delos-X where in the UK are you
Delos-X I know that feel. There was a Brony meet-up in July near here, but I can't drive and my parents wouldn't let me anyway. Being 15 without a job sucks
around nowrich, norfolk.
Delos-X croydon
Eli: that sucks. wish your friend a happy birthday for me :)
I wanna go to Galacon T-T
Yeah, 15 here too.
The same
being 14 is worse :P
I'm jealous of their gaming companies.
you must be going to very russian sites
Being 14 is awesome
XD
ow my eyes burn brb
Delos-X why? all the good stuff is made in canada
japan FTW
^
toobad there is so little good stuff from any country any more
I'm going into level design, and want to go to companies like bethesda, 343 and epic games.
BronyInstrumental: how am i gonna do that? Happy B-day Tobe. oh and happy b-day from a random internet stranger, but don't worry, he's a nice guy and he likes ponies :P
got a 1st class degree?
But at the moment, I'm starting as an indie developer.
level designing would be fun
BronyInstrumental I was 14 two months ago. I loved being 14. I can get my driver's license next year, but I want it NOW!!!
Still working on my GCSE's. XD
ahh going that route
BEING 14 IS AWEEESOME
Delos-X be wary
I stil l think it's crazy they let 16 yearolds drive
yea
I'm 23 and I still haven't bothered taking a license
Yeah, its a competitice area.
Delos-X: i do my finals next year. i'm in the accelerated group so i do em a year ahead of most
i wanted to be a programmer for about 12 years
and the industry did a MASSIVE shift in the last 2/3
I'm doing my finals next year too.
Vivix: yeah... they shouldn't let 16 year olds drive
the reason for that is that 16 year olds need to be able to drive many places
well, my GSCE final exams.
to the point i dont see them making games anymore
yeah GCSE's
but at least, they don't let them drink :P
their citys dont allow for any other transportation
almost none of the 16yearolds ik new at that age had jobs, other than in summer
Vivix I think it's crazy people drive while using their cellphones. It's illegal here, and stupid, but they do anyway
just be aware there is a massive market crash coming
IMO i want to pass the test the second time.
and the games are all crap atm
13http://i.imgur.com/urWey.jpg
ohai Shizuka
So about my question Delos-X
13i have been here .-.
all the games are crap`? Indie?
Shizuka nice TP
Shizuka that is bucking awesome.
Awesome, Shizuka :$
And yeah Canadian_Brony driving wiht cellphonesis just.. uagh
which pack is that?
or is it a shader mod?
and people who "I'm good to drive" are a hazard to us all
13painterly pack, with shader mod
Canadian_Brony 2 months ago i saw a girl driving.......WHILE SOLVING A RUBICK CUBE
hang on.... different coloured lights
HAAX
13the shaders are horribly slow though, trying to find one that's just shadows to add to the set i have running now
Oooh minecraft, you got the mine little pony mod?
I saw a girl a few weeks back who had a whole kajak in her car
cachi01|mobile WTF?!?
she could see out the side window
IKR
cachi01|mobile: not a dodecahedron? not impressed
U srs cachi01|mobile?! :O
cachi01|mobile: well... ain't she talented?
shadows are expensive
Megamoonshine yes im serious
I wish miencraf wasn't java, and I wish it had shadows
Sunclocks would be so awesome
We LOLED so hard cause before we saw her we saw a dude on facebook while driving
sundials you mean
it has shadows
just not entity shadows
There are good shaders available if your PC can run it.
or dynamic light shadows
that would be illegal here too. You can't drive while being distracted. Cell phones, food, GPS, your CD player, nothing.
My friend is building equestria with minecraft, Its gonna be so awesome!/)^3^(\
the shader adds the shadow?
but to be honest, they really ruin the look when a mod adds them
hang on a sec
same as the high res texture packs
aah-
DoctoDoctorWho already made... Brohoof.com
ALL of equestria.
just ruins the look of the game
I play with vanilla textures at all times
but I want shadows for sundials-
Chat derp :<
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6EU37kV-7e8&feature=relmfu
DoctoDoctorWho yep
No vid links Delos-X :|
Alright I feel better
Oh, ok.. sorry.
whats the deal with the no vid links rule?
/me Wacks Delos-X over the head with a Newspaper "BAD!" :[
Delos-X you can link vids when there's no stream. Otherwise, only picture links during stream plz
:(
eww hate motion blue in games
it's rude
no vid links while people stream
Ok, now I know.
same as DOF
brb
makes sense i guess
when there's no stream we can link anything that is safe for work
it does
both horrible things to have
Well, unbelivable shaders will give you the chance to make sundials.
/me grabs Ponies47 's newspaper and knocks him over the head with it. "I felt like doing that!"
andy someone is streaming and you nee to respect that and by giving youtube links you disrespect whats showing on the strean
o_o
Its like talking when your teacher is talking
I didn't know, I'm sorry.
is there a rules page somewhere?
s'alright
andy yeah there is
andy eeyup
princess celestia vs a lord of change greater daemon, who wins?
/me Takes out anthor Newspaper and smacks Canadian_Brony over the head with it "How did that feal?!?" :[
andy yes, it's called "Rules"
Lord of change
I haven't seen the rules page in a while, but for first time mods are nice and just tell you
Yup
well they have one without DOF and MoBlur so lets have a look
/me smacks Ponies47 with his newspaper. "Like that!"
dat eye
she almost whooped its ass but then It relinquished controll of the host just enough to get her to lower her gaurd, then the LoC mind raped her.
for those who *might* be here for the first time, and NOT on the bronystate website... http://www.bronystate.net/rules/
/me gets two newspapers and smacks Canadian_Brony and Ponies47 STOP HITTING YOURSELFS WITH NEWSPAPERS
dem rules
/me hits cachi01|mobile with his newspaper
Da rulez
brb guyszz
I am superior
/me gets a baseball bat. Is this ok, though?
Canadian_Brony it. Is. ON
then luna sent it to the moon and engaged in ham-to-ham comat with it
/me Takes Canadian_Brony 's newspaper and cachi01|mobile 's newspapers and his newspaper and throws them into the river "Can we just have peace?"
nope
/me dumps the river on Ponies47
/me grabs an apple and holds it out to Ponies47
oh ffs, no decent download link
all installer based links
It's a trap!
S.S....S....S...So...C..C....C.. COLD!
ded
/me Eye twitchs
Kepp it away Canadian_Brony!
and then luna killed it with gravity
Kepp? How do I kepp?
/me takes the apple and eats it. "Thhanks!"
An apple a day keeps the pony away
Thanks*
I will impale your tangerine!
I love apples :D
that was an apple
I love sour apples
Fruit is scary O~O
I love juicy apples
o_o
D:
i never eat apples. i want to see the doctor
lol
time to hack an installer
All apples are yummy. I even eat cooking apples. :3
damn you why you think i want auto install
this is useless for multimc
Eli: Eat some Potassium Cyanide then?
Anyway. What was I gonna do now?
Idk
Oh yeah TF22
*TF2
So ummmm. Yeah be back later :P
seeya Ponies47
I DEMAND ORDER!!!
Have fun
Cya.
I might go and play deus Ex... or.. .something. I dunno.
/me writes "order" on a piece of paper and gives it to DoctoDoctorWho
you have order
I gotta go in an hour
/me listens to Serenity. dies a horrible death
woot! *walks away satisfied*
:3
http://i.imgur.com/0YuFo.png
/me pokes Eli
Crimson_Phoenix: You win an internet
ohai Crimson_Phoenix
Crimson_Phoenix: The win is strong with this one
^
V
<
>
<.<
>.>
allo?
Chat is DEAD
^^VV<><>
DEADDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
ohai Metronome
o_o
:)
brb guys
:3
Well that was strange...
moo
/me 11,01dusts Metronome
R1 R2 L1 R1 < v > ^ < v > ^ whoever remembers < that is awesome.
ohai ND|Away
11,01Hi Canadian_Brony
quiet chat
ohai ND|Away
not so away any more?
/me puts Canadian_Brony infront of him
11,01I'm lurking.
/me stares at Striker
11,01I'm working on some C code for a science paper.
Yeah I'm gonna go for now. Take care guys I'll be back soon :)
sshhh
seeya TOY_PON3
byebye
I'm trying to clean, can't find the damn garbage bags
Heya everypony! How're y'all? :)
/me stands in between striker and Canadian_Brony.
hi Fisheh_Fish. Pretty good
Fisheh_Fish: Great and yourself?
ND|Away: Why not C++? Would be a bit more versatile, no?
Hey Fisheh_fish!
TOY_PON3: I've been better
/me sits back down infront of his laptop
Fisheh_Fish: That's good :3
And with that I'm off
11,01I'm more versed in C, and this is just some math. I don't need something object-oriented for this at the moment.
Heya Fisheh_Fish :)
/me outs Delos-X in a cannon"Say hi to Luna for me"
. . . I don't get it
11,01Unless C++ can do median values easily.
/me fires cannon
/me deploys a parachute to slow down then slowly float to the ground.
Striker what are you doing? You'll never get anypony to the moon with a cannon! I should know, I've been there.
What we watchin?
Deus Ex
Deus Ex: Human revplution streamed by wrek.
I've heard many good things about that game
revolution*
Wrek is playing Deus Ex: Human Revolution
/me pulls out 1,000,000 firworks out of truck
Striker that won't get anypony anywhere
fireworks explode
but it will be a very fun, short ride
suggestive
I`m a bunny
/me mentally imagines bunny
I'm a Canadian
I realised.
Canadian_Brony: WOAAAHHH really? :D
My friend loves that place.
yeah
/me puts 1,000,000 fireworks around barrel, gets in and... BLAST OFF!!
who would've guessed
Allo everypony.
/me watches as Bunny_Striker flies into the air and explodes
not many people, really. I never bought the topic up until now.
Hello meanwhile!
Bunny_Striker actually was in the MLP show. he apeared S2 episode 16. but he didn't get much of a speach roll
/me Mossman is a Spy! :O
all he did was bark
/me stares at the fireworks
hi MASF123
Hello, Meanwhile
Hey Meanwhile! :$
There appears to be freaky stuff going on in Deus Ex.
I would throw a muffin at Meanwhile, but I left them all on the moon. I hope Luna didn't eat all of them. Again.
Hello Meanwhile :)
MUFFIN! :D
Meanwhile in the Hall if Justice...
Canadian_Brony, why are you leaving muffins on the moon?
Hi Canadian_Brony
PillowPoni Luna baked them for me to throw at you.
/me eats a carrot
Meanwhile: care for some crappy chocolate? *throws M&M package*
/me sets M&M's on fire.
Oi, M&M's are delicious
where did my M&Ms go?
Bunny_Striker, Meanwhil set them on fire. Chocolate gone to waste.
I like Skittles
Skittles rule
I enjoy Twizzlers
MAKE THE RAINBOW, TASTE THE RAINBOW!
MUFFINS!!
There's no Skittles here :(
In the rainbow factory, where all the skittles get made.
whats on?
>:3
BANNANA NUT MUFFINS
Delos-X . . . I had a heart-attack
Bunny_Striker: YES
Whats on?
Delos-X: so Skittles are made of pegasi? :D
Eulshy: Wrek playing Deus Ex
maybe
Eulshy: Deus Ex Human Revolution
hi Eulshy. Wrek is playing Deus Ex: Human Revolution
Fank you
give me your carrots
....
My sister doesn't eat Yellow or Green skittles, and she just gave them to me. She's 6 . . .
SOUR SKITTLES ARE MY FAVORITE!!
OMG ME TOO :O
I like the ones that have the sour powder on them. I don't see too many of those anymore, though
Ok, I'm going to go do some RP and some spriting, so.. yeah.
I might be back later.
seeya Delos-X
once I put 7 in my mouth at the same time
Cya! :3
Bye Delos-X :)
lol, Shadows + mods = happy fun times
so much broken
TO THE MOON!
I'm headin' out for now. See y'all later n' stuff
Cya Canadian_Brony :)
bye Canadian_Brony
I DEMAND CARROTS
See you Canadian_Brony
LOL
...
..
carrots
/me nibbles on a carrot
nomnomnomnomnom
That's the worst companion cube I've ever seen.
eeyup
...
Ded.
poop
ded poop
...............
Why does wrek need the crate so bad?
I have no idea.
fun
companion cube
it's like the gnome in hl2
lol
Seriously, why does wrek need that crate so bad?
Maybe there's a secret collectable that you can only reach with or something.
Maybe
Or maybe it was totally pointless.
05nah
05but i am missing an aug
05heavy liftign one
Ah.
Do you all share the same gamesave?
hmm
chat suddenly died?
it would seem like it
thats...a rare happning..
k guys Im back
why do i want to say net-split..
Wb DoctoDoctorWho :)
hey DoctoDoctorWho
everyone should totally not talk when someone mentions chat being dead
that would be funny
>_>
oh hush XAX
okayface.jpeg, shamroc
why do they have spinning laser security system
doesnt seem to effective
cuz theyre too cheap 4 the lazer web
05here ill show you waht it does
ok thats pretty cool
still fairly easy to bypass though
boooooooom
it should be spinning faster :)
exactly
also does this have friend/foe detection?
instakill
lol
Well, that was a quisk desicion
quick*
bratan
dat dude is russian
russians have cool names
like what?
stokanov maybe
thats a last name
wait ill think of some
and its actually funny in russian
yuri
lol yuri
boris is russian
11,01My current crush speaks Russian.
It is the russian equivilent of george, huh
ND|Away: is she russian? or studies it?
ND|Away: Cool :D
11,01She's Latvian.
i wish i could speak russian
ND|Away: :D
ahh, i knew some Latvians
were nice
11,01Russian is her first language.
japanese is cooler though
Ohai twilight_sprinkle!
hai MadSurge!
/me licks ND|Away s lust
how you doing twilight_sprinkle
11,01It's not lust. It's love.
brb
ND|Away: even better
alexxm: im fine, you?
ND|Away: now the changelings can get to you easily
i'm good twilight_sprinkle
11,01I couldn't care less.
ND|Away: well i am happy you found love brother
is there mod on atm i can talk to i have a question
11,01Problem is, she doesn't like online relationships :<
11,01But we get along so well.
thats good brother
online relationships cant be easy
Weeee!!
Getting owned in CS GO!
D=
Fun game though
counter strike
it is a fun game
Barbetos: beta testing?
si
/me hops towards Barbetos
It is about to release though
you know what i really hate.. gamer posers
I am gona pick it up
Barbetos: is it open testing or did you get chosen?
/me hops towards Barbetos
hmmm, MFFS + dynamic shadows = a really annoying effect http://theadmin.co.uk/ScrSnp/eORhs0.png
not lust, but love?... why not both it makes things more... fun~ :3
/me mo
Chrysalis: awesome
hello every one
hoi cow334
hello cow334 :)
Chrysalis: lolwut
Moo ^^
The forcefields dont play well with dynamic shadows
/me hops towards Barbetos
Hey again everypony. :3
all gamer posers need to stay away from games
/me hops towards BronyJenkins
Hey BronyJenkins :)
Ooh, a bunneh. :
:3
hai BronyJenkins how are you
I TURNED INTO A CHICKEN
I'm great, thanks cow334
how've you been BronyJenkins
gamer poser?
/me clucks
its funny how theyre camping with their backs towards the place the protagonist will be coming from
Great, alexxm. Watched the movie 'Ted' today. Was aweshum. ^_^
BronyJenkins what was it about
Bronysith you know an easy way to tell when you played a world too much?
when you recycle and MFSU because you dont have anywhere to store it
an*
/me clucks
A teddy that comes to life and thirty years later does a load of drugs and stuff. It's from the makers of family guy, alexxm.
BronyJenkins sounds intresting
Wrek|Observiking: Trying to ambush burke from behind for the achievement?
damn, I hate my new headphone
it irritates my skin and I have red inflammations on the side of my head :(
and before anyone wonders, my hygiene is proper
test
damn
Alchemist, what kind of headphones do you have?
PillowPoni: they are rather no-name cheap ones, I think its this model: http://www.trust.com/products/productpictures.aspx?artnr=16659
brb
Alchemist, it could be the material.
Alchemist: I was wondering more about allergies
Alchemist: Mines steelseries siberia V2. Well having them on in proloned periods causes a bit itching but else it's usually fine
prolonged*
headset talk?
I guess.
Man I feel great today - had the best night's sleep In weeks, smile on my face all day & :) I didn't cuss a single time in anger - Why can't everyday be like this
dunno, didnt have these kind of headphones before, I always had earphones, the ones that go behind your head and not across
/me hugs Cypresswolf "Sweeeeet"
my ears tend to hurt if i wear headphones to long
sometimes i just pump up the volume and hang them around my neck
Cypresswolf good to hear
but they were ruined after one year, so I decided to try these, they seemed to be more sturdy
That's nice Cypresswolf :)
look out below
How is everypony :)
any idea what was differant about today Cypresswolf
alexxm: I wasn't cranky for one - been getting 5 or less hours of sleep a night for the last few weeks'
hey everypony.
Should stop staying up past midnight
what're we watching?
deus ex
hey Odd_Future_mare_gang :)
hi :D
Can't stay long at San Japan - plan to drive to San Antonio friday and come back saturday - can't find anyone available to watch my dogs while Im out
Back from TF2 :p
Might just spend more time at the Alamo and river walk than the convention anyway :) I think I'll bring my Roseluck with me
wow I jjust stopped
wait what
Think about it - Roseluck at the Alamo
I just stopped right there a few miinutes ago
Cypresswolf: Where are you going? Bronycon?
Or somthing?
Ponies47: San Japan, Bronycon is Sept 9...I think..let me check
Later everypony :)
Bye MegaMoonShine
later MegaMoonShine
cu
Hey Bronies!
bye MegaMoonShine
hi
I'm a new brony!
thanks guys.
Ponies47: Yes, September 8-9 - Texas's own Bronycon - Brony Fan Fair http://bronyfanfair.com/
how new exactly?
/me Whistles out for Sylandest "NEW COMER!"
Then sudden accent change
Ponies47: whats this?!
/me Gives Sylandest a mug and some cider in a barrel
Welcome welcome
:D
i have been a gamer for as long as i can remember. The very first game i played was i believe. Super Mario 64... what are your guys first video games?
05doom
i believe it was a harry potter ps2 game
Zack McKracken Alien Mindbenders
Unreal Tournament.
sonic advance 3
so it just ends
Bronysith: an arcade game called Snow Bros :D
Not sure i began playing games at the age of 4 or 5 so any game from that period of time should be one of them
Sonic the hedehog
Chrysalis: Sweet. I might be going to Canterlot Gardens which is in Ohio which is also in September. I hoep I can make it. I could try out Fighting is Magic and maybe meet Tara! :D
be back after dinner
mine was some simpl space game on a different OS than windows
*Whoops sorry Chrysalis :$
I ment Cypresswolf
Wrek|Observiking: Ever noticed the trailer with this song kinda gave you the false assumption it was going to be awesome though inr eality the game didn't match it's trailer?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qybXXSHDRE4
Ponies47: I know of 1 group here in Houston trying to make a Houston Bronycon, goal is to get Tara Stong & Lauren Faust to attend eventually
...
http://www.bronystate.net/rules/
And FAQ?
at least someone gave me the rules
Ponies47: aim is sometime next year
useless admin is useless
Oh that'll end well.
im reading
Vinyl Scratch plays TF2
05theres a niftly little ruels button on the bar jstu above the chat
Cypresswolf: make it happen
05its not invisible
its pretty cool
well try to
Good
05rules*
it would be funny if it were invisible
cow334: we're working on it :)
cool story bro.
I'm more than happy to fund it :)
It's not a mods job to tell you to read. It's your duty to read them
Cypresswolf: thank you and good luck at it
You broke the rules!!!*smashes keyboard repeatedly*
Oh no! someone broke a rule!?
*fires Nuke*
Cypresswolf: houston that is where you said it was going to be right?
What just finished playing?
Cypresswolf: Sweet. I just wonder what I should do if I meet Tara :P
Shamroc: You're*
:D
Meanwhile..i will kill you sometime...
Slenderman: I think the newest Deus Ex game
Shamroc: Stop startin'.
also yer ma's a slag Meanwhile
05end credits to be exact
Nuh uh Shamroc yer ma's the slag.
05sumica will soon take over however
Never heard of it.
credits=longer than actual video
Meanwhile: i beg to differ...yer ma's the slag..
that was deus ex HUman Revulution : The Missing Link
Wrek|Observiking: How long have you been streaming anyways?
Wrek|Observiking: Any idea what sumi will stream?
are those pictures of the game developers?
andy: Yep
Shamroc: I am inclined to disagree and point out that it is indeed your mother who is the slag.
The credits was the best part of the video. :D
kind of cool of them to do that
makes the credits more personal
05Ponies47: about... 4 horus today
.
0513 yesterday
,
053-4 the day before that
devs tend to sneak themselves into the games quite often
Wrek|Observiking: Ah. Ok. 13 yesterday O_O
andy: Indeed the team who made DXHR certainly put soul into the game.
Ponies47: I dont know about you, but I'll aim on trying not to geek out :P I may have her autograph my Manic Twilight custom :)
Meanwhile: welp i guess my ma's the slag...i cant make a good enough comeback to counter that..
is there anyway to skip credits. i mean, does anyone actuallly want to watch credits?:P
05consider the credits the intermission before next streamer takes over
Shamroc: Alright then.
who is the next streamer?
Sumi
05sumica
Cypresswolf: Epic. I just might get a picture of me brohoofing her or somthing like that. I have really nothing she could autograph :$
/me sigh
Ponies47: ^_^ OH, and have her do her crazy laugh while she signs it :D
ponibas: What's wrong? :<
don't worry abou tit
Cypresswolf: O_O If you video tape her doing that and post it on Youtube I will love you forever (No homo).O_O
hello everypony
*guy
Hey MysteriousKaos
hoi MysteriousKaos
hello MysteriousKaos
what are we gonna watch today?
how you doing MysteriousKaos
pretty good
Oh boy this video! :D
yeah Luna
songs :3
/)^3^(\
this is cool
It will be even better once it's comeplete
is there going to be an indiana jones movie tonight?
i dont know i like the look it has now
Alchemist: Yep the third
its special
Alchemist: Last Crusade.
the third is the last crusader?
theres no moive today right?
awesome, that was the best one imo
hide yo wife, hide yo fillies, cause woona is stealin errybody out there
There are two movies tonight.
moives lol ok
13Pikachu: did you seriously not just read that...
twilight_sprinkle: :D
:3 maybeh
The third Pirates of the Caribbean and the third Indiana Jones.
Pikachu: What Shizuka said
:O movie time this early? Sweet!
| (• ◡•)|
pirates of the caribbean 3...meh. First one was awsm, the others fell flat imo.
/me is kinda here
I never realyl got into Pirates of The Caribbean. Indiana Jones. BUCK YEAH!
MadSurge: i think this is ordinary stream for now
Movies aren't actually on for like, 2 hours.
*really
I need to dust my custom collection again :| the clay ones are the hardest to clean - they're just a pet hair magent
i luv moives eccpet long ones moives
Alchemist: only saw the first of those
:O Sumica time!
Oh hey, this thing.
Schroedingers-Lil_B: I saw you, now what? ;)
yay it's Toaru Majutsu no Index :D
I spy Sumipony :D
I'm afraid to use water on most of them, I don't want to wipe the pain off :(
i thought this wat black butler XD
*paint
*was
Alchemist well, yeah, NOW you see me...
00,10Seeing as I got accused of only showing this up till the clifhanger last time =p
dont all the eps end on a cliffhanger?
I'm not saying I hate it but I'm not a big fan of anime. But if Sumi stream I don't mind.
that reminds me, I want to give Hellsing another chance
can someone give me a plot breakdown here?
someone said I watched the wrong one and that one sucked, but I dunno what version shall I watch
05would wearing a suit to BUCK be too much?
00,10too much words for ponies
I'm glad Hasbro is coming out with officail toys for many of the background character, but it sure does put a damper on custom collecting for me - official blind bag versions are much cheaper and easier to collect - I dont have to worry about cleaning a real blind bag in water
11,02My Minecraft server has been updated to support 1.3.1 :3
Wrek|Observiking: Not really sure. It would make you look nice :P
I just got a Copyright from Hasbro
SuperBrony64: Yay then i can finally join again!
SuperBrony64: Yay :3
13joke ist on you
I could start putting my custom in the cubbard...but I'd need to find a box to put the beanies in to make room
Copyright cliam
13my server has always been 1.3.1 ready
claim
dat not real Organ
13so there
Wait.... I don't play Minecraft! I never have :$
SuperBrony64 not waiting for bukkit then?
Shizuka i got 2 on 1.3.1 and my mods on 1.2.5 :P
05as has mine :P
Schroedingers-Lil_B: is that the one I should watch? "Ultimate"? I watched the vanilla series and it didnt make sense to me and couldnt finish...
13Chrysalis: bukkit too
Wrek|Observiking: Oi that reminds me still need any help?
13with worldedit and essentials
SuperBrony64: fuck yea, now i can actually make my start to look nice
05yeah but not right now
*home
05feeling lazy
11,02Bukkit updated to 1.3.1
Alchemist Vanilla? Are we talking about the same Hellsing?
huh, forge still hasnt
It's so BS I Upload MLP: FiM on Youtube for the community and Hasbro is like nope
damnit forge i want my mods
11,02Also, I made the server dramtically faster :O
13well mine is creative
Schroedingers-Lil_B: the cartoon series about vampires (i only remember the Alucard character)
What is Bukkit
SuperBrony64: could i have an ip?
13http://imgur.com/a/IwGZy#0 and has this
13so there
Alchemist :/ can you pm me a link? the "Hellsing" with a Character named Alucard I know is a rather Brutal Anime XD
11,02cookie.dyndns.tv
All these new G4 pony toys soon to be released in the future - my entire house will be pony themed :D So much pony, I can't take it :P
hes Still running?
lol
how many MC Server has Bronystate now? XD
2 minutes to run 2 meters
How much ram do you need to run Minecraft?
05mine has... http://i.imgur.com/Q8Pfj.jpg >.>
not at all Wrek|Observiking it will make you look like a champ
Mod Minecraft server fight. Go.
SuperBrony64 yous does have http://theadmin.co.uk/ScrSnp/VH5i0U.png
00,10ded
well series over
shizu, thats sweet
13mine ist not all open to public, so there ist no danger of griefers
yeah i use a whitelist too
05whitelisted
mine has all this http://theadmin.co.uk/ScrSnp/YvY9Pr.png
actually, lets not just spam chat with MC pics
good idea :)
nice minecraft worlds you have
Its nat a Toumah!!!
Back. What we watchin?
what anime is this?
00,10Snort name is Index
00,10er short
drugarebadmkay
whats the point of erasing his memory, not like his character had any interesting memories that cant be replaced
00,10his memory was not eraced intentonaly
dang.
Sumica: i meant the writers
AWWWW
...
11,01Damn weather.
11,01Knocked the internet offline twice.
olol
hai :3
Hey everypony
Troll Touma.
hai Serenity
00,10he is so gonna get bit
Incoming chomp.
thats one suckish doctor
Dafuq is streaming
well, im going to bed
see you guys later
:D What's this series called? I think I'll add this to my anime collection
what?
btw hi Serenity and Derp_Derp
WHAT.
G'night andy!
Cypresswolf: Toaru Majutsu no Index
Nittany_Discord, that storm blew over my home too.
bye BronyJenkins
00,10To Aru Majutsu no index,
Bright beaming bloody sunshine here all day
I'm not leaving. D:
05mmmmmmmm marabou
I agree
i wonder if my heart can store memories
i hope its 1 gig at least
Thanks shana :) Got it written down - be the first thing I look for Friday
twilight_sprinkle: If your heart is a hard dist drive
Heya everypony!
00,10behold the true power behind the city
Mine holds are 300 Gb
hoi Zanon
desune
how you doing Zanon
/me "that awkward moment when you join in a stream and its in the middle of something you dont kn ow and you're all like" :$
hai Zanon
,=,e
Hehe im doing fine ! just had something funny happen to my oc today.
what was that Zanon
vampires..
sometimes not everypony should know you roleplay xD
what is this, vampires?
Nope
it is alaons from outter space
speakin about vampires and roleplay: any fanfic writers here?
inb4 Lincoln is deep blood
05Zanon: lol'd
Ya wrek zanon got trolled XD
this singing
00,10I have seen that art style before.
05its VDK's sumica
05its ratehr unique
Falloutbreaak
00,10aye
he has done my char before.
i forget, does the main hero have amnesioa? he just seems so empty
05thats boarderline zanon
00,10yeah twilight_sprinkle
he is doing another as a joke to another friends of mines its gonna be a big surprise.
What're we doing?
05keep in mind that when linking further images
Sumica: k, his emptyness as a character makes more sense then
good bye every one
you r63d zanon first wrek
05but its not explicit in any way shape or form >:3
oh i know i do not link that stuff xD
dem socks
...,=,e
Those socks are missing a texture, Zanon
dat trap
wow, what is this ?
MacRonald?
'dat limewire
and then firefox randomly crashed
I use google chrome
i use chrome sually too
Recently, Firefox has been memoryleaking a lot
13http://i.imgur.com/t55D4.gif
My firefox memory leaked everywhere, changed to chrome
Shizuka: That dude's sinuses are toast...
wait, I`m a chicken
05the proper way to eat fast noodles
El shitbox was driven to 512mb used by the program
ARE WE WATCHING PORN AGAIN?
Overdoing the ram and almost frying it
RDashie: No.
:C
05that would imply we watched porn before
Well actually, it fried one of them
That's why El shitbox only has 512 ram now :3
05i have too noticed firefox memoryleakign alot latley
05good thing i have 16 gigs of it
I think chrome is running around 600mb ram to me now- it's got too many exe's and I'm too lazy to add it up
so anime goes on in the stream , and stuff about PCs in the chat
nice
05so it only gets noticable sometimes
16gb <3
Wrek|Observiking: You're just saying that to make El shitbox jelly! My 512 mb could kick yo ass D:<
If someone gets threatened by a girl "I will get you into bed and if it's the last thing I do." is that a good or a bad thing?
i have 4 and only 3.5 usable
05that a challenge?
Eli: Depends
Depends whether or not you want it
I now have a random sword
Women have been arrested for rape too
/me throws moniter
the pedopolice
I`m using pc
well now i'm in trouble: she's hot, but she's a bitch
have sex, leave here
her*
/me shrugs
I must officially say, when I get my new computer that replaces El shitbox, I'm gonna record a video of me shooting it
Kitty.
Must also try and get a crowbar too from somewhere :S
05i need to know her better before i give any advice
05if she's even a bit homocidal
05i say stay the fuck away'
i also wanted to crush my old pc into a cube to keep on my desk ^^
BUT I WANT IT NOW
I want to be a Gordon Freeman and crowbar the shit out of El Shitbox
Fox hunting isn't that accepted anymore-
wheres that guy who asked everyone hows their day been? is he dead?
You mean alexxm?
Probably sleeeping
yeah
El shitbox needs to burn
oh hes here
uh what Serenity
is he dead?
Look above you
GAH
O.o
so he Did forget
05is who dead? and why would they be dead in the first place?
alexxm
well that was a pointless twist
are you
alive?
WHaat is going ooon
dat awkward moment when i kinda know japenese from animes o.o
11,01Mica
Wrek|Observiking: Well, I have 2 dead cats, a dead dog, 2 dead hamsters and a dead guinea pig, does that answer your questiin?
uh yeah RDashie
oh thank god
ohai HellsFortune ;)
hi ^^
hello Schroedingers-Lil_B
he challanges him to a Du dududu dudud dud ud DUEL!
hmm... what is this btw ? ;o
O god. Now there's anime. What is this?
05you didnt answer me RDashie
Cram School, that made me giggle
Last anime I watch watched was Naruto in fifth school.
grade*
OH GOD IM SORRY, what was that?
RDashie was wondering if Alexxm was gone, or something
05why would they be dead in the first place?
thats a thin Ciggerette
because he always asks everyone the same question
this time
<.>
he didnt
poop
RDashie: thats a never ending cig
woops
:|
what anime is this....?
wrong one :P
00,10To Aru Majutsu no index
Wrek|Observiking: Well, lets see, 1 cat died from a neighbour cat, another cat died from anatomonical failure, my dog dropped dead while I was eating tea, and all the rest died of old age
05it sounded rather weird coming in here asking if someone is dead
05keep that in mind
eating tea?
Stake
05and Serenity, i cba reading that
steak
Love you too
XD
tl;dr: They died, okay? :3
Don't rile people up by being macabre, man
brb
What happened in this anime since episode two?
/me is thinking about carrots
hey, does anyone remember that anime kinda show, Shaman King?
im watching it again ^^
RDashie: i do
Braviary: Touma lost his memory after saving index from memory loss :D
I'm thirsty, and there's nothing to drink
Pfft.
D'AWWW
KITTEH
Holeh kitteh.
walking Church! SANCTUARY
now transform into a tentacled monster and have rough sex with her
Riiiiight
If she was older than
i
00,10you realy are damaged RDashie
She contains BABIES!
She looks like a 20 yearold to me-
I suck at anime ages, they make no sense-
back with food :3
u really cant tell me how damaged i am
Well, to me..
she looks 14 to me
only I know that
inb4 cat
she sounds like a kid, but looks like an adult
theres a woman who likes 9 and is over 20 in this anime, so its impossible to know
"Hey, is this the police? There's some guy gluing cards to my house"
hn-
i cant help but remember Jhonny Bravo saying " oh cancel that, its just me"
hehe
poitnless twist is pointless
RDashie: Yeah
It's uhhh
I remember when Bravo dated that Gazelle
LOL
XD
05doesnt matter if you are damaged or not, keep the sextalk out
"Hey, is this the police, there's a really handsome guy in my house! Oh wait,t that's just me!"
XD
hehehe
childhood
animes tend to confuse me
bravo was awesome
What wasn't in them days?
RDashie: Hello, Police? There's a handsome man in my house - Nevermind, I'ts just ME! :)
05please aknowledge RDashie
/me turned into a bunny
XD
ima go watch that on yt
05please aknowledge RDashie
am i allowed to post links here
Cypresswolf: Beat you to the joke for once >:3
I
DO
AKNOWLEDGE
05bullseye
Dat kick
not again
:P
okay, stay calm
05im way too evil for my own good
^
^^
^^^
^^^^
^^^^^
Wrek is evil and I approve that as king of the foal pen.
<<<<<
05^^^^<^
What?
Kechup spill in isle 1
well that was messy
Hmm, gonna defragment El shitbox
it'S fine. as long as he doesnt rape us in a dark alley
hey mods or w/e, am i allowed to post yt links here?
not during stream
05not during streams
/me hops towards Serenity
05you should know this
05read the rules
See if it gains at least 0.1 megahert from it
herp, no one does that
/me stabs Bunny_Striker
I did..
RDashie: We all do.
05actualyl yes
05everyoen here but you has
I am pretty lame, though
i didnt :$
good, should i feel bad?
Not reading the rules results in being told to read the rules.
05then go read the rules
The rules are mostly common "open age chat" rules though
lol
NEVER
Not reading the rules at all eventually results in infractions and a hammer to the face.
05hehe
banhammer to be exact
god, dont you just love mods?
See wat you did Serenity, I`m a Cyborg bunny now
05no but in all seriousness, go read them before you give me an excuse to ban you.
Meanwhile: Hammer? Thought it was cinderblocks with you?
i know i do
The rules are, broken down, basically don't be a jerk, don't spoil, kidfriendly-ish
05it has happened before it will happen again
ok. will rules of etiquette in engineering suffice?
Meanwhile: and entertainment for us :S
Serenity: Me? I'm not a mod. I'm regular chat sludge.
So am I
/me Yawns
i know the rules anyway
Wrek's Hammer > Thor's Hammer
its more fun figuring them out on the go
this is boring, pls someone say something about xbox or ps3
Xbox and PS3 are shite.
^
XD
i agree
05eew consoles
So my PC, hence the name
COMPUTERS FOR THE WIN!!
Meanwhile: you're not sludge, you're the resident grammar nazi. :)
Consoles are for the family room
Cypresswolf, you will now go create a Hammer in Skyrim and call it Wrek's Hammer
05Spectrum_Rush: you mean spelling nazi
indeed
YES!
05and yes PC MASTER RACE!
/me nibbles on a carrot
Wrek|Observiking: right you are
Wrek|Observiking: Technically speaking, nowadays, Spelling falls into grammar
05harr harr
Consoles and handhelds tremble before the might of the PC
any PC expert around here?
no, Serenity, grammar is clauses and punctuation. Not just spelling
There can only be ONE Wrek's Hammer - and he isn't going to give it up anytime soon!
RDashie define expert
most "grammar nazis" don't do well in grammar, only spelling
I know that, but spelling nowadays is accepted as grammar as well
:|
05I use an axe
I use a rocket launcher
Then the Hammer is MINE!
PUT DAT PUDDING DOWN, NAO
inb4 someone makes a mod for a game which adds Wreks Hammer / Axe as a weapon
Dat lie
Well, well..
When you enchant weapons, can you give them names?
hey , guys are you getting cs go?
05though if i was usign a hamemr it would look sometihng like...
im fine with cs:source
Axe of Unforgiving Bumtase.
i'm not
RDashie: my freind already bought it haha
/me poops inside one of RDashie`s shoe
Done. I have officially added Wrek's Hammer into my RPG
O.o
Personally, I use a mace - The spinier, the better :)
Serenity, and thus your RPG was inbalanced by it's power
Easter egg! It's okay to be OP if you get it from an easter egg
looks like i shoudl pick up enchanting. i've been using the same skyforge sword for 20 levels. it needs a name
Kinda, you hit like a bloody lorry then a bulldozer, but you don't gain any hp from it
le
I loved the look of the Master Mace in Fable 2 :)
/me is MLG
05heres a render of my banhammer had it been a hamemr and not an axe
05http://i.imgur.com/EogDB.jpg
nice
hammery
Wrek|Observiking: Okay then, I'll try and make a low poly version and import it :3
Looks like it hurts
gabens is better
IT NEEDS TO BE BIGGER!!
Serenity: are you talking skyrim mods?
like anime bigger, like a 2 tons sword
No. Hell noe
bummer
05that model is actually 2 million polys
I don't do Skinram
what then?
if i ever write a fanfic, i'm gonna add wrek's hammer. awesome weapon
Yeah, SLIGHTLY over what D3D can manage
05thoguh at the time i sucked at making hard carved surfaves look good
only on steam
O3O
is the game cheaper than the DLC
I was looking at around 50-120 polies :3
05but i got the texture right
HI everypony
Oh well, I can fi it
those 2 million polygons are why games use bumpmapping
game £3.74, DLC £7.99
imagine how many poly's they shave off-
05its as big as a 2 hander but wierlds like a 1 hander
05goes well wit ha shield
NAVIS!! NAVIS EVERYWHERE
So a 1 hand weapon
Okay
/me does joydance since he got his final confirmation mail from Galacon.
Will have the cut the damage down a tad
05thats the point of it
05its a huge 2 hadned hammer
DED
05but I wield it as a 1 hadned
Wrek|Observiking: I wonder is it a weapon for skyrim?. Looks like it but i may be wrong
NOT THE ANIME GIRLS!!
05feel free to keep it 2 handed
well shes ded
not
05as logn as i get a 1 hadned version if i play your game
Chrysalis: which game?
a
BIG SURPRISE
Well, it's 1.2 seconds per attack, doing around 2186 - 6954 Damage. That's around 5-8% of hp damage
hi fellow regulars
what?
How much HP do you use?
Sweet hamma
Deeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaad.
El shitbox
05i recall a wc3 mod that used a ban hammer as a weapon
Well I'm a tank spec, so I can take a shit ton
I have 77k
05on hit it banished the target for 5 seconds
Ahha-
I'm a fan of using 100 hp as absolute maximum
so many ded people
"The Ban Hammer is a weapon skin for TERA
and DT and AC and whatever as moidfiers to make leveling interesting
hmmm, Wrek's Hammer Vs Hammer of Notch
but I also like to have weapons unlevelable
The hp of your avarage guy is around 40-50k
HEARD THAT
in what game?
Chrysalis: That's the end of the universe
I'ma go play a game so bye ponies
doesnt take a doctor to know you shouldnt rip arteries
breast?
itd act like a drill to pierce the heavens
05here's anotehr render
also, hai Allegr0
bye Eulshy
here we go
05http://i.imgur.com/btpVz.jpg
hey Chrysalis
05lwo quality but meh
OMG
Is she bathing the cat?
and the cat is okay with that WTF
Also adds 37 defence, which adds like 0.2% protection
Woo big time
Wrek: How very Frostmourne-esque.
Frostmourne hungers....for burger king
First world problems, 223 games, 53 installed, i dont know what to play
05this should show the details a bit more
05http://i.imgur.com/OKB3k.png
Chrysalis: Pah, I have 260 games
7 installed
Curse you Shockwave!
05but uses wrong texxture work
yeah i got like 27 games
fml
I'm a brony hater and I just came here to hate on you. There's nothing that can stop me except 10 hugs.
OKAY THEN
get outta hea
actully
there are kicks
and bans
XD
^
and just generally ignoring
D:
Chrysalis: But I thought we only supplied love?
bai hater
I think I have..63 installed
WG: who said we want to stop you? maybe we ant to feed you
aw hes gone
twilight_sprinkle: I have extra cake
05WG was kicked by Wrek|Observiking (or this [Total Kick Counter: 242 ])
hi bronies! :)
Serenity: yay cake
Well that ended pretty quickly.
inb4 he was acutally just trying to farm hugs
242 kicks, Dayumm
/me 11,01dusts Wrek|Observiking with pony feathers
how you doing daring_derpy
twilight_sprinkle: we don't usualy feed parasprites
Oh, and feeding trolls makes you a bad person.
am i still holding the record as the only one with a Q in thier name?
hi daring_derpy
Eli: i do, its fun!
asks everypony except me :C
good good, alexxm :)
you=
?
I still hold the record for having the only name that symbolises peace
twilight_sprinkle: they can eat your whole town if you're not carefull
i'm good daring_derpy
:)
i thought you were just one of the best films of all time there Serenity
Eli: eh :P
Chrysalis: Serenity is basically a big word for peace
i know
Kkkkinda
I haven't actually seen the film, but I presume it has something to do with restoring peace to earth? :S
/me nibbles on Serenity`s shoes
but i associate it with the film
It means to be at peace, not "war" kind of peace
that actually makes me wonder why we don't have anyone named Harmony...
Eli: Because Nittany_Discord happened
/me nibbles on Serenity`s shoes
/me punts CyborgBunny_Striker
11,01Because what?
05drum fed AK :3
You happened
Nittany_Discord: i don't get it either
there are people named harmony if i remember the S2 episodes
05one of my best
05http://i.imgur.com/xsCpg.png
Velma: My glasses!﻿ I can't see without my glasses!Johnny Bravo: My glasses! I can't be seen without my glasses!
dat guy almost sounds like Souichiro from Fate/Stay Night.
Wrek|Observiking: Sweetness
Good models, Wrek
Wrek|Observiking, the TERA banhammer skin: http://goo.gl/LNeMt
Wrek|Observiking: noice
nike, AK with a drum
needs more spikes
I used to make terrible models of instrument amplifiers for GMod
05grenade laucnher
It was easys ine almost all of them are square
Face PLANT on my FIST
Uppercut of Memory Return.
05http://i.imgur.com/5H1Np.jpg
OH SHIT!!
AWESOME
...
Moo
CyberCow_Striker?
what the..... the livestream isnt buffering like crazy?
this is wierd
CyborgBunny_Striker
midi trumpet sound
05http://i.imgur.com/asjQu.jpg
05anotehr angle
I play trumpet
Did you ever do any modwork Wrek? Or did yo ufocus on HD models?
/me tries to mind space
05ive done some mod works
...
05but nothing released
...
Ah- too bad, these look pretty good
what is that even a picture of Wrek?
I agree, you should get some clients if you get lots of free time.
PEDOPHILE!!
I clicked Do a thing in Quantum
I laugh
is it done?
thank god
Und dann Stargate.
Who is streaming anyway?
Sumica is.
Ahh, Didn't see a Sumica pony
yay
holy crap sumica needs to stream everything from now on
btw Wrek|Observiking what program did you use for the models?
im not buffering even a tiny bit
this is awesome
http://cristgaming.com/pirate.swf I LOVE BEING ONE!!
05for isntance modded NV
you realize that buffering has nothing to do with the streamer, right?
ponies
05with http://i.imgur.com/KOC7g.jpg
just a term i use
ik though
05but as i said never released
Ah yeah-
omg not the nerdy stargate stuff
Wrek|Observiking: Have you considered learning 3ds max?
seriously though
oh god
Quantum Conundrum is a great game
mkay
I watched a friend play it
All he did was be hilarious and break the hell out the game
00,10heres a thought dont like what is on RDashie then leave
RDashie, feel free to go scour the vast internet for your own entertainment
myeah, u dont really need to tell me that, i obviously know what are my options here thank you
then shut up
-_-
wow
easy
seems like someone is buttflustered
Don't look at me, I didn't do shit
:c
or is just a natural asshole
13ded
is this the show with space yugioh?
mayba
Maybe you guys are a little too harsh on him
or is it cappin crazy's wild ride?
who
00,10Seems like all you have done from the moment you got her RDashie is complain so clearly you need to have it pointed out for you or you are some strange version of a Masocist
Some people have been pretty jerky about not liking what is on the stream, I'm guessing streamers are a bit itchy about it
oh, space yugioh
>go to computer
>Stargate music
Great success.
STÅRGÅTE
00,10ohhi Dari
Ohai
Of course you do, price
Dat dari.
Screw it ,I'm leaving this drama
08,01hey dari
What the, dammit typo
Dat Meanwhile
stargates on?
'dat intrusion
/me drops everything
I`ve never really seen star gate
Chrysalis: Yep
it's like star trek
i love you powerful ppl ^^
except they have a black guy
CyborgBunny_Striker: Then you're in for a treat. :P
good evening dari
and he has a golden yugioh eye on his head
A black guy with an epic emblem on his fodwalker
Spectrum_Rush: Evening
I always loved the Biohazard symbol
Right.
ahh lack of game suddenly easier to deal with
hey phase
Buytoast Star Trek had a black guy too, don't you remember Data?
Or to you guys, Forehead
omg classic, someone is infected
-_-
<3 Sumica
the only star trek i've seen was the one that wrek has been showing
that's the first time i've ever watched it
Buytoast: you've been missing out
Enterprise
Wrek's Trek was the first i saw on my own, and now that he's streamed it I'm finally catching how it ended
My dad is a huge-ass fan of Star Trek
bitch run!!!
Mostly TnG
aixelsyd sah Nrutas
run away
go get em black yugi
He can't look friendly.
show them the heart of the cards
Wrek's Trek would make a good book
This is my friendly face
he smiled once
ded
Oh looks, it's the twin towers, dohoho
awww :C
00,10her hair is in realy nice shape for having been hideing in the bushes
/me has seen every ounce of star trek, so beware i may start to ramble
Sumica: Magical alienism
w3awzsz
wysiwyg
?
inb4 she dies
lol
I'm so thirsty
oh this is a good episode i think
Ooh, some Star gate
and the chick wants to stop and take pictures on the road trip
Her argument makes sense- I think
Teal'c is such a boss.
'fun'
that sounded scary to me--
00,10would think they would have camo suits
why were they wearing hazmat suits again
Sumica: Camo suits are for Metal gear solid
Because deadly bacteria
00,10everyone on the planet died of an infection
..bleak
alexxm sg-7 died from bacterial outbreak
ohai everypony :)
thanks Chrysalis
everybodies dead dave...
Sumica: Wait, so...zambiez?
hiya guys
wazzup?
Heyup, otakon
how you doing otakon
hai otakon
hia otakon :)
hi ota
so who is excited for The Last Crusade?
ello otakon
00,10alien space zombies egyptions
Last crusade is best crusade
Well, Burning crusade was alright
otakon me, but I don't know if I will make it :/
oh are we watching Stargate?
Lil_B|Happy: you can make it!
Ermagherd Stergert
egyptian zombiees?
they brought back the cure awesome i love that band
ermagherd prenc dehree
ew mustard
are you watching SG1 or the film?
nom nom nom
SG1
00,10she could have the cure, lets feed her hotdogs
Nrutas: sg1
lol!
ʸᵃʸ
om nom nom nom
also, mustad is delicious
Cheery picture.
/me can't watch the stream right now, because he's downloading illegal piratey stuff
and that picture is disturbing
dead people in the picture
ded
ʸᵃʸ
Nrutas: AR MATEY!
Happy Little Dead People, Bob Ross would be proud ;)
just needs a rainbow now...
lol
yeah she's totally fine
hotsauce is where its at
:O
how sweet, :/
I like hot sauce too but NEVER EVER EVER get Mad Dog hot saouce it will burn out your eyeballs
Teal'c has no desire for fun.
thats what she said
a condenced ball of anti matter
:P
Is there a part in this series where Teal'c has somethng else than : ( or : | ?
Well, my fucking drinks bottle weights SEVEN kilograms
they have to go take pictures of that really big hole out there
dance pony dance
Probably wasn't a good idea to have a 3 litere bottle and fill it with coek
lol that guy looks like such a nerd
Serenity: especially if you're cycling
Serenity "I have too muchwater" - First World Problems!
^ thats the point RDashie
i wonder if you can make a pigeon explode with acid and baking powder...
Lil_B|Happy: *Danface* Do I look like a donator!?
We watching Stargate?
Hey has anyone here completed the theives guild quest line?
hello
Is it worth downloading Modern Warfare 3, anyne?
in skyrim
anyone*
CCCP: Hiya :3
/me hugs killerpony7733
Serenity yes : |
WG: Let me answer your question with a question: Is wasting your life on CoD really worth it?
imo not with blops 2 coming out soon WG
/me hugs back CCCP
Hello, bronies. What are we up to this afternoon?
Barbetos: in what?
good morning CCCP :)
/me hugs Reikim
00,10she's dieing from the hotdogs you fed her
i'm good!
how are you?
Nrutas Skyrim
MW3 is fun if you like that kind of games
/me hugs daring_derpy
WG as long as you didnt pay for it
Sam is awesome. O'Neil was the best leader of the group though.
/me hugs Nrutas back
Hello Reikim. Welcome to zee chat
yeah you could say that about every single game in this world.....nonsense
welp this isn't good
:( I didn't get this week's Newsletter.
die
and then CHEST BURSTER
So what is this?
Barbetos: oh, is that the one with the dragons and the pushing and the chickens?
Vivix: If you want a decent game like that, just get Counter strike
i dont mind if you play cod as long as you didnt pay for it
Kingman725 : problem is treyarch always makes high requirement engines, so I couldn't even run it on 640x480..damn :\
More specifically, get CS2
why would u play it in that res?
jeez
Thrackerzod : Never paying for a thing :D
um she's not HUMAN though
And suddenly medical equipment.
Oh boy, I love house!
Depends on taste Thrackerzod , I've tried MW3 and BF3, enjoyed both- don't enjoy CS, but play none for more than..well I don't play them anymore
spoilers
Nrutas No. Thats Fable. Haha. just kidding. Your right, yes.
otakon: What are we watching?
welp this won't end well
RDashie: So it runs, plus lots of people can take that res
Reikim: it's SG1
all the real doctors
omg look at that 2 pound force that doc is applying
WG: well i think its time for a computer upgrade...
Sweet, TV show I never got around to watching.
WG i do pay for games
I play Diablo 2 in 640x480 cuz it can't run it in 800x600
What pone is that in the bottom left?
RawketLawnchair: ipone
she's pregnant
RawketLawnchair: Sumica.
the buck?
O'Neil vs Mitchell?
ROBOT?
WG: Could waste your life playing Counter strike which is basically a good version of CoD, you'd be a lot happier
pregnant fluttershy is best fluttershy
RawketLawnchair: DUDE! Long time no see
SHE IS A ROBIT
the hell is that?
but pregnant dash is also adorable
It's cursed.
Well that don't look too good.
That doesn't sound right.
ZUUL
and i am back
what is best between CS and CoD is up to the player, not us
that looks painful
...
sorry, meant O'Neil OR Mitchell.
shes infected
she dies
ITS A CHESTBURSTER
Shegundai
inb4 something horrible happenes.
inb4 ded
NOT
ʸᵃʸ
A
what move i this?
In during something horrible happens.
She's obviously a zambie
boom ded
Big: SG1. TV Show.
k
What the shit is that
Big: stargate series
thx
I don't think that's supposed to be there.
i want her to be a robit
the beeping getting faster......shes gonna explode!
Serenity : I don't know, counter strike is not my thing becuase you can't aim down the sight and stuff. Killstreaks don't matter for me but I also hate how Infinity Ward has nothing new to offer
Looks like a tumour
look like house
RawketLawnchair Heeeey. Where you get that name? I was saying that like crazy on my communities stream like a month ago.
XD
Barbetos: Metal Slug.
WG: Some modded servers allow sight aiming
Beb.
HA!
/me nibbles on RDashie`s shoe
hello people
ded
Plus you can live with it when most of the time is spent spraying
RawketLawnchair GREAT GAME.
I BLLAME DAYGON
Now I want to play Metal Slug
How many times are they going to shock this girl? I mean damn.
DAYUM
Kingman725 : Do you think that CPU matters that much to upgrade from dual core 2.6GHZ to Quad cores, or should I just keep to GPU?
WHAT IS WRONGWITH YOU
Reikim whats better, death or beeing shocked a million times?
CPU Ghz matters MORE than core count
GPU, always
00,10oh it's RawketLawnchair, have not seen that name in some time
mom? your mom is dead
her mom is dead
My mum isn't dead...
Lil_B|Happy: I mean, the writers seem to jump straight to the defibs whenever they need a medical emergency.
WG: well im not too much of a computer person, but i think it would help
Howdy ho, Sumica
Serenity: Honestly, I tried getting it to work through steam, but I got protocol version errors and stuff
I`m a Cyborg bunny Daygon
WG: Hmm, okay
dis beach dies too
WG: i could link you to the computer i bought its pretty decent
i want ded
i want ded now
Please, if you value your life, do NOT link computers on this site
hehe
El shitbox doesn't take kindly to newer better computers
get outta hea nerd
If the girl's lucky, she'll become a special snowflake due to the parasite...thingy.
Hey, this is a season where Daniel ISN'T dead again.
00,10Still S1
WG what game were you talking about there?
Big-O, it's SHOWTIME!
I would care if you were a pile of c***, CyborgBunny_Striker
GTG later everypony :)
Bye Ponies47
Goodbye, Ponies47 and the other 46 ponies
I liked O'Neil. He was funny. And Seeyah Ponies47
...Well, those plushies aren't too bad.
that guy has gay eyes
what is this show?
I'll bound to your superior knowledge of gay eyes, RDashie
NeRd
Daygon: Stargate SG1
Ponies47: Night.
05lol RDashie, why are you so homofopic? lol how wussy of you
Vivix: Modern Warfare 3 (I'm not a cod fan). But I'd also like racing sims like GTR, but for that I'd also need a wheel.
Kingman725: I'd appreciate it.
And you got protocol errors on steam?
oh but im not, im jsut saying , he look gay ^^
oh hi there WG
damn
boooom
05lol yes you are
05you said it youself
05lol
Hey there Bronysith
00,10omg JC it's a bomb
so she's a bomb
And Doc Frasier. She was awesome BG Character.
lol
hiya Wrek|Observiking
did i or did i not say she would explode?!
Sumica: I have bombs stashed all over my house, but you don't see my screaming for my life
05hi otakon
The girl is a bomb? PLOT TWIST.
Vivix: I only got that with CS Source
/me glomps into otakon s face
Oh, okay
RDashie: what does gay eyes look like?
WG: whats ur steam id bro?
Vivix: One of my schoolmates said I need a 2007 october version of it, but I haven't downloaded it since :\
like that guys eyes
ah-
Bronysith: KainRaziel or KainRazielMT
why are his eyes like that?
Hi, Goodafternoon everyone ~
isnt he human?
Ima go now, i got locust to kill. BYE
I haven't played CS since..well 2011, but before then--years and years and years
05lol RDashie must be gay for knowing that those eyes look gay
05lol
Bronysith: Do you play TF2?
wow, nice one, -_-
WG: do you breathe air?
u so smurt
WG: of course lol
XD
it's got a timer
bronysith : haha
in big LED's
WG: pendulumforever?
otakon: So has El Shitbox
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: hi there
lol
Wrek|Observiking: lol
well damn that sucks ass
05now stop throing out idiotic commments RDashie, frankly you are gettign on my nerves.
05throwing*
Damn stream- I was going to do stuff, but here I am..
/me hides in vault 42
INCOMING
just goddamn shoot her in the head and send her off to a blank planet
It's summer, It's worth it
put her out of her misery
otakon: Dead man trigger on the bomb, I'd bet.
wow, im getting on your nerves? doing what?
Reikim: it figgers
lol
00,10wont stop the bomb
otakon: That's a bit extreme. I'd just blow her brains out and tahat be the end of it
/me takes otakon into vault 42
otakon: we are safe here
Sumica: no but then she'd at least not be alone and explode
Bronysith : Yes
Again, can't kill the girl. Would risk setting off the bomb.
/me takes Reikim into vault 42
Serenity: the bomb
Hey! It's the twin peaks guy
WG: i added you pendulumforever
Laughing is illegal where Wrek lives, RDashie.
hey mod, i really want a reason for kicking me from the chat
LOL
So, blow her brains out and send the corpse to a blank planet
13Hey RDashie I really want a reason for you continuing to act like an immature twit.
otakon: Just pick her up, control the explosion and most likely my Rocket launcher will cause a bigger explosion
13LOL
hiya Shizuka
XD
Heyup, Shizuka
Dat answer.
you still didnt answer ......
otakon: Heart stops, bomb immediately goes off. No time to send her off.
05Shizuka, have i ever said how much i love you? <3
Bronysith: Alright when I get to the PC I'll add you too
Shizuka: do what you want cuz a pirate is free
hai everypony :$
05will you do the honors when the time comes?
13not now honey shizu is working
hello Michael
You two would make a perfect you, Wrek|Observiking and Shizuka
WG: sweet, cant wait to game tf2 with you. i love it
Okay okay, WHAT is going on here in the chat, guys. ._. I see harassment
Wrek|Observiking: i think it goes to show without saying how much we love Shizuka
Bronsith: By the way, my brother forget bonk into crit-a-cola, and i haven't gotten bonk back ever since..I wonder if I can "find" it again?
Who owns Dungeon defenders on steam ?
05Serenity: vivi x shizu is only ship
/me hugs CCCP
Vordox: Mods are working.
/me huggies Michael
WG: yea you can always refind stuff
Wrek|Observiking do you get paid for modding?
dam wrek
Guys question
WG: I've gotten so many copies of Bonk it's not even funny, so no worries.
god how i love this chat... so many ideas for pictures XD
/me glomps into Reikim s face
05yes i get paid in cheesecake and gummy bears
my PC immediately restarted after downloading the driver for my Galaxy tab
I really hate chat sometimes.
inb4 they get through in the last second
Reikim: Well that's ironic. I haven't gotten it back in months lol
Erg, no kidding.
05no i do not get paid.
the rules of entertainment demand it, RDashie
true
Wrek is paid in sea pony tears.
You should stream Sword art Online. Its a new anime, 5 episodes.
Too many immature twits nowadays...I don't remember it being this bad, three months ago or so.
lol
well shit
Wrek|Observiking: sell the cheesecake and gummy bears
is there still butthurt in the caht
If I was a mod for a day, I'd totally work for cake
but then you wouldnt have any cheesecake or gummy bears....
DAMN
the explosion will be gigantic
Buytoast: The cats fine
what a predicament
I'm back.............
Yeah that's annoying but other reasons too.
13if i were mod for a day, i would be paid in wubs
13oh wait
?
Wb Dark92Enigma
/me gives Shizuka a bass cannon
wb Dark92Enigma :)
how you doing Dark92Enigma
05wubs can be used for cleaning
Dat Shizuforeshadowing
05as vinyl taught us
make me a mod, i'll give you entertainment
oh shit. i need to be playing phoenix wright.
newfoals are rustling your jimmies ?
Wrek|Observiking: What, and hoovers aren't?
and brutally dictate
Like the majority of it consisting of people who you'd swear have never seen a woman before.
wubs can be used for everything
Oh, that
Alright. Switching back to my good computer.
Or wait
05you are welcome
It grinds my gears in a huge way.
http://static.fjcdn.com/comments/No+_9d2088d1b14b8a84ceea0cc7f604ac7c.jpg
XD
Are you referring to vulgarity, sexism or blatent machismo?
Because your above comment could refer to one of the three.
omg that guy
El shitbox has been degragging for 3 hours now, and only has 11% done
With a 200 Gb hard drive
More of desperate reaching out in the vain hope to be acknowledged.
What we watching?
00,103min elevator ride.
Alright I'm off.
Bye guys
WG: see ya bro
00,10either realy far or realy slow.
05you didnt dictate Buytoast :< im dissapointed
I've never defrag'd a computer I own
to your doom
Ta ta, WG
bye WG
Sumica: they are getting ready for a boss fight
Sumica: far
bye WG
Bronysith: I think we'll meet .D
bye WG
05* Wrek|Observiking sets mode: +o Buytoast
05* Wrek|Observiking sets mode: -o Buytoast
yeah nothing like sending a child off alone to die
what?
@P
It's pathetic.
hehehe
i didn't notice anything
Not much to be done about that one.
Wow
op for a second buytoast
05you were mod for a millisecond
ah
buytoast?
Wrek|Observiking: I can cause a dictatorship. Just give me a stage and a microphone
i was playing bonding of issiah
So guys, what are we watching?
Imagine if he had been on the readya nd just banned us all
Wrek|Observiking: and he done fugged up
Teenagers will be teenagers...
let me guess, a hard decision coming up?
Op the whole channel, see who is last man standing
:P
And then after Wrek|Observiking sets Buytoast as mod, the mod tools suddenly break
Yeah, because it's totally just them. /sarcasmface.jpg
i woudlnt do that
lol
some of us have auto-kick on op scripts :P
We could have achannel called modwars, where everyone is op
No, but it's mostly them.
05dari would jsut cheat
Was i kicked? o.O
Vivix there are channels set up like that
Mostly.
<:
Mebbe
Oo
ILL BE BACK
05-.O
blantant lies
she'll be back
blantant goddamn lies
aaand the chick got attached to the kid
Pretty sure the basic IRC has a /ban all command
Indeed. It's just...personally really annoying.
and ofc they didn't tell the kid
so u go ded
Hehe
nobody can complain about you being a mad mod if you kick them
/me licks otakon s face
liarsam
and ofc I get lag now
Noone can complain if there's noone left
Yeah, I can see why.
Clearly the only sane course of action would be for everyone to target dari first.
damn wordsplit rules
wat
otakon: my tongue causes lag
youre ded kid
LOL cya kid have fun dying
oh shit it's the prequel to fallout
Should clear up a bit once summer runs out, at least. I hope.
00,10Tom would not permit kick all or ban all to get past 5-6 people before it would override and kick the person doing it
Meanwhile: I'd target you first, just to annoy you :3
Serenity: You'd miss.
05right now i am selling "mod for a second" rides. 1 million money per ride
hiya Meanwhile
Allo otakon.
Wrek|Observiking: don't you mean 1 million bits?
/me gives Wrek|Observiking a million money
hai Meanwhile
Meanwhile: Hmmm, heat seaking Ban katana, ueah
1 million money wtf
Mod is just a title, Wrek, Nothing more. :P
One million monies.
i can build you a statue in your honor if you make me a mod
THE HELL IS SHE DOING?!
in minecraft
/me nibbles on Vordox
Unfortunately, the ban katana has currently got no power, and won't work here when I cut someone in half with it
A robber who says "Give me all your monnies!" scary, or not?
Vivix: Not really
._. why is everyone trying to eat/hug/Glomp/Kill me'+
GODDAMN STUPID WOMAN!
So, what are we watching?
If it were the 1930 I could give you 1mil Reichsmark anyday
He'd be dead by the time he even started speaking
Fisheh_Fish: SG1
yes
Cool beans
were all gonna die
ded
nuuuu
OMG
Well, good thing I'm immune to all viruses in the world
Sorry Wrek, not enough cash on me. Give me a couple days, I'll raid a bank or two.
1 minute until detonation
/me nibbles on otakon
Reikim: Watch out, I heard banks like hiring me as security
Serenity did you change your nick recently?
/me kicks CyborgBunny_Striker towards Bronysith "Nibble the dark side"
dat countdown
Lil_B|Happy: Yes
Wrek|Observiking i can give one wub per second :p
otakon: I lost track for a sec...how are they dealing with her?
/me assimilates CyborgBunny_Striker
tension omg, -_-
5 4 3 2 1
/me assimilates otakon
Serenity can I guess what was you name before?
00,10where is the earth shattering kaboom?
I pray.
booom
Reikim: shutting her in a Nuclear Waste bunker
But I doubt it.
It's on its way
dat face omg
Lil_B|Happy: I think you can already guess
/me does not assimilate
no ded?
Pessimist. Lighten up a bit!
awwww no explosion......
no ded.
No boom?
no boom
Because even the folks who I generally regard as 'above-the-rabble' are prone to it.
wait for it
05nexy bamp
WHERE IS THE EARTH SHATTERING KABOOM!
what a letdonw
Serenity Very_Silly_Filly?
down
YOur nuclear boom is in the next bunker
the power of love saved them:)
dude wtf is wrong with that guys face?
Lil_B|Happy: Yaes :3
RDashie: it's a golden emblem
why does the black guy always have that facial expression?
It's a kickass emblem
Kingman725: bc he's an alien
I think he's an alien
lol
Kingman725 IKR? omg i
I totally want an emblem with the serenity icon on it
Serenity i thought so because of a) "El Shitbox" b) dead pets and c) immune to everthing and d) age 15-16 XD
wtf
/me nibbles on
vivix
LAWL Teal'c all like "okay"
knew what?
my summer ends tomorrow anyway ._.
black yugioh always is unhappy
Lil_B|Happy: Yeah, you know me too well
because the world is a terrible terrible place
KNEW WHAT!?
/me nibbles on Vivix
I could rant here about the interpersonal disconnect in our society due to various changes in social dynamics, but really I could just say that people are lonely bastards and leave it at that.
oh come on, i wanted her to be ded
GODDAMMIT SHOW EXPLAIN!
/me nuzzles fur
I choose the latter.
buuuhnnyyyy
oh look a puppy
Dat dog
lol dat is a cool rule
now black yugioh is cosplaying as a gangster
puppy
This is a dog. You are a kid. You must have the dog.
But it's a Shiba inu
puppy
suddenly having puppies is a rule
>not from earth, still looks like a human
I never heard of this rule.
I wanted a fucking Husky!
yay
puppe
EXXXXXXXXXPLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIN
Serenity: best dogs
Serenity I only need to see this once to remember it... something I wish I could to remember names... ore school releated stuff -.-
now eat the small creature
but...but...what if she's super alergic?
doggeh!
I hate people.
otakon: Cavaliers dude, cavaliers
/me nibbles on a carrot
hmmm
Teal'c looks fancy :)
All the unhappy emoticons in the world are not enough to convey my depression upon hearing that statement.
Lil_B|Happy: it's the hat.
Lil_B|Happy: I forget almost all the people's names if I leave here for a week, and I do that often
no where is it?
otakon yes, thats an amazing hat :)
lol
I have a fedora
Wearing it right now
nice
it's time to play old yeller
Nothing.
XD
Sorry. But as a species I really wish we'd just contract some kind of planet-plague and get dusted.
ginger
Vivix I remember names, or fraktions, like the beginning otr the general "shape" of the name :/
I was in Toronto! lol
keep the secret kid!
Give it a couple generations. If current trends continue, something of the sort will come to pass.
Ah yeah-
Lil_B|Happy: Same. So a week or so away shouldn't really dent my memory on whos who here
Well, I remember the mods- not always who is who though
/me shoots Michael with laser
no swings in toronto
Goddamn this kid doesn't know anything
seems legit
I love swings, they are fun to jump off
Every kid must have a dog/10
otakon: She's an alien, isn't she? Cut her some slack.
/me repels the laser with his lightsabetr
*lightsaber
i dont know how i made it through with that guy and his face omg
so next is PIRATES OF THE CARRIBEAN: WORLD'S END!
I got mine to around 4 metres high then jumped off
/me murders Michael
She's not from Earth lol. Course she doesn't know what's going on Earth >.>
Michael: you are no jedi nor sith
/me poops out Serenity
I hope I live long enough to shout "I TOLD YOU BASTARDS" from my roof.
still it's a goddamn SWING
/me stabs Cyborg_Striker
D: really pirates of the carribean is next???
Nittany_Discord you have dungeon defenders right ?
that's as basic a kids toy as it gets
perhaps shes a stupid alien
but i got my lightsaber Bronysith
Nah
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: I have it, but neither El Shitbox or my laptop can run it
Kingman725: yeah it's Summer of Trilogies here on Bronystate
/me force grabs Michael s lightsaber
We all don't know actually :S
00,10hey dari
:D
Yeah?
/me poops out muffin
YES
This week is the Pirates and Indiana Jones trilogies
killerpony7733 yeah, I can remember stuff for a really long time, but I need something to activate my memory XD, something that makes me go PING!
what on earth is this
wtf
Hahaha
OPPAN GANGNAM STYLE!
We can't assume that it is on that on EVERY living plant :S
?
oh god
YEA
GANGNAM STYLE
the buck?
oh god
no really the buck?
open condom style!.... what?
isn't that the asian guy from the hangover?
crotch shot
:[
Korean dubstep
camle toe?
i am so confuse
what in tarnation?
pretty horses
wat
You know, of all the people I've known who wish a grim fate upon humanity, you are truly the one with the most spite towards the human race. And that is quite a feat, trust me.
gangam style
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand.... I'm off lol
Swag.
dabuck is this?
THE FUCK IS GOING ON!?
wtf is this, jeez
i want to go wtfd
AHAHA WTF!
but im too busy turning it up
Its Korean Dubstep
this is not a pirate
?
horses > slutty music video girls
this video :D
wat
its oppan gangam
Vivix: Oh god
ahh korrea has found eurotrance?
Stream some Sword art Online. Its a good anime
asians
Vivix: We aren't watching Britney fucking spears
I've run out of wat I'm afraid
eww
i love this one so much:3
OPPAN GANGNAM STYLE
hes cool
Hehehehe
What?
Koreans to be exact
CONDOM STYLE
Wat?
GANGNAM STYLE
OPPAN GANGNAM STYLE
Wa?
GANGNAM STYLE
duhfuq
OPPAN GANGNAM STYLE
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY SEXY LADY
DA FAQ MAN
I can't hate this.
gangsta style
HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEY SEEEEEEXY LAAADY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
OPPAN GANGNAM STYLE
otakon: Meh my brain has become immune to this
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY SEXY LADY
butt
Wop.
Relevant to video: http://askprincessmolestia.tumblr.com/image/28790970181
05derpy is a sexy lady? well derpy brought you cookies.
killerpony7733: good for you I'm still...........................
North Korean Life
wat?
Wrek|Observiking: Muffins
Wrek's been watching JJ.
if derpy were you bring you muffins
Wrek|Observiking: muffins
05mhm
wtf
could you say no
dabuck
00,10and JJ has been watching this video
what is this
yay muffins
i want to hate this
THE FUCK?!
why can't he holöd all of the ass?
but its good
A suit that yellow should be made illegal.
I'm not sure if the is the worst or best thing ever. O_O
Kim Jung Un seems to have been a rapper before he put on weight
So, we doing At World's End tonight?
HEY!
he cant see with those glasses on
05aye Navigator_magmablock
otakon: Being on the internet for a long time makes you immune to it all :D
O O O O O
I wish you could see my face right now.
OPPAN GANGNAM STYLE
/me dances
Bc it is frozen in a look of utter confusion
who da likes this?
http://derpy.me/uBgIf wat
ERRY DAY I'M SHUFFLING
CCCP: cool
okay this is the craziest goddamn thing I've seen here hands down.
You have to be very slutty to let a man crawl under your plot
Everyday I'm OPPAN GANGNAM STYLE
Whos streaming right now?
Sumica
lol dari
wtf
Malmortius: Sumica
CCCP: Why do i feel like she could fire it backwards and hit her teammates >_<
otakon, crazier than that Bollywood movie?
05Malmortius: you can tell from the OC in the corner
I am a smooth blend of confused, amused, and bemused. I am an Usion-smoothie.
at this point I've soon so much weird sh*t on the net that Im immune to anything.
otakon: Quite the statement, seeing the ouevre Bronystate has presented in its time.
EEEEEEE SEXY LADY GONDAM STYLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLE
Party Rock Anthem > OPPAN GANGNAM STYLE
StinkomanFan: yes bc that was bollywood and was expected
spite requieres caring, i don't think i'll live long enough to see the fate of humanity, so why bother ._.
freezeframe
powerful ppl, why so plothurt?
Reikim: yh this it the craziest thing I've seen here
oh shit its on loop
again :O
Sumica, how about some Sword art Online. Its a new anime, very awesome. Its about a guy stuck in a virtual reality MMORPG
O_O
god i love that song
that suit is badass thought
yay
Malmortius: so it's DotHACK
/me wears the yellow suit
yellow suit guy is like an asian Andy Warhol
Malmortius: Trilogy week, Pirates of the Carribean is next.
SHOO BE DOOP
SHOOO BE DOOO
YES
SHOO BE DOO
yay shoo be doo
Shoo be doo shoo shoo be doo
which pirates of the car?
and this video clip still has so mmuch "haters gonna hate" gif potential
Shoobe doo!
my mind
Shoo be doo
D:
YEAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
MIND MIND
here are your ponies
I'm so walking in a Disco , dancin as stupid as this screaming "OPPAN GANGNAM STYLE!"
Shoo be doo, motherfuckers
/me calls upon the sea ponies
00,10So then it's dot hack Malmortius?
MIND MY
oh man
Shoo be doo!:D
No Sumica, it has a different style
SAVE MYMINDSEAPONIES!
god i totally hate seaponies
Its pretty awesome, only 5 episodes up to now
/me shakes out of it.
...How did we get here, exactly?
I HATE SEA PONIES!!!!!!
SOS - I'm seeing Sea Ponies O_o
Sea ponies are epic
otakon there are sea ponies
G1 is epic
love them
I really hope for seaponies in S3:)
^
ya because there as useful as aquaman
from hate chat to fate of humanity
Dat ban.
I don't see events, what now?
It's Bacon and Applejack
It's baecun and aeppuhlljaecuk
13i was tempted to make it permanent
it's bacon and applejack
24hour timout for not lliking sea ponies :O
Bacon and Applejack.
Unless they make sea ponies the new S3 villains I think I can live without them. :P
haha
ban who?
:3 I should take my extra blind bag mane 6 and turn them into sea ponies
wow, the banhammer seems a little twitchy lately
Shizuka who?
"We almost died, it was great!"
Shizuka: rdashie?
dat picture
I am well and truly misanthropic.
Michael: probably RDashie since he was being a twat
anyway brb
Sumica: Is that picture your background?
otakon: *is
one does not demand ponies, and then bitch about it when they dont get G4 ponies, Bronystate does NOT work like that :)
yeah rdashie got t-bannede
RDashie came, saw.. made friends....
sparkle :D
evenin' everypony
Banning is bad
hi CaptainGanjalf
...A word I don't know. To the dictionary!
the best sparkle is a twilight sparkle
Wow...
SUMICA, First episode of Sword art online. You wont regret it.
hai CaptainGanjalf
well, rdashie was a dick
Good Evening CaptainGanjalf
Ooh, Wrek has a new desktop
YEAH
wooohooh
damn chat derped, who pinged me?
DAT TWILY <3
awesome song!!1
I'm totally playing this at my wedding
for yesterday
That security guy REALLY got ALOT of good tidbitsof Info from Lauren Faust herself
/me sings with Twilight
D:
seriously
Dat dance loop.
POOR SCOOT
yay:)
Hate the music, but the loop is epic
magmablock ikr
sings along
Twilight is best pony :)
/me sings with Twilight too
it's still NOT becoming popular-_-
oh jeez i fucked up my name brb powerful sexy people
Aha. A fitting term. Thank you.
I'm watching people with bunny masks making awesome music- Twilight is dancing to it
love in bloom, the brony mating cal
Dance, Twilight! Dance!
Ponies are weird
call*
Vordox security guard?
You're welcome.
00,10Eli that's the other song it can do
YEah
13look who's already ban evading
05Eli: klicking it switches to it
/me licks Sumica s knee
HAVE YOU GUYS NOT SEEN IT YET?! GO DO IT!
It's on EQD
can i download this somewhere
youtube
HEAVY info, about Scootaloo and a VERY interesting concept
Shizuka: thats perma right?
i think
Shizu, attack!
no reason for banning me, stull does it
00,10oh perma ban time Shizuka?
Another delightful word into my vocabulary for later use...though I can only think I'd ever use this one in a depressing situation.
00,10eeeyup
Oi, the title isn't correct.
/me gives Shizuka her custom perma ban flamethrower
05shizu <3
Well, that was stupid.
fool
/me hands Sumica the bansword of destriny
00,10wrek click the text to show them
P_P_P_P_P_PERMA BAN
Don't rile the chat for kicks
13lord?
perma ban inb4?
what's happening?
mkay... why is your name suddenly Commodore_Wrek? you sound like James Norrington
You guys are mobbing to get people banned
LAWL
Dat seizure
05see?
Because Commodore_Wrek is a commodore 64, DOHOHO
SPARKLE SPARKLE SPARKLE
I see my Commodore_Wrek
hi! ^^
who got banned? was it that RDaishie person?
Chrysalis: http://vocaroo.com/i/s0Q5kqmoOOkM
Which .hack is the first anime series? there seems to be lots of ones here
Buytoast yup
Buytoast: Yep
Buytoast: Eeyup.
Pirate_Spectrum_Rush, FUCK YEA SPARKLE SPARKLE SPARKLE
hes perma
Yes
Now now Bronysith >:3
00,10.hack//sign
Yarr, PotC!
Whats on?
So somebody got banned. About time.
wooohooo!!!!! bring on duh pirates!
pirate time
LESDODIS
arrrrr prepare for pirates
:(: yar
ninja > pirates anyday
Sumica i enjoyed that anime
/me hide
Lawl I see what you did there, Sumica. :P
pirates for third time
Sign Up
again
:)
PIRATE TIME!!
and another newfoals takes their trip to the abyss of oblivion thanks to Shizuka pool noodle
And then the movie.
diseny movie :(
:) *
Lord Beckett is going to win
wait.... theres more than Quantum?
PIRATES 3!
um...yarr?
Which one? RDashie?
i really wanna know if its possible to really ban me....
00,10yeah
yup
Seriously though Sumica, look into Sword art online. Its one of my favourites, and ive watched alot.
wait, which PotC is this?
i like dis song
Shizuka: yes lord shizu
oh so it can be done
OHMAHGAWDS UK STORE :D
D: gallows
Dude was a nitwit.
Malmortius: 3rd
/me Last time on Pirates of the Caribbean
brb, getting pirate name
Ban evaded, I'm guessing?
AWWW YEAH
i <3 this movie too :D
/me cows
That's not the Truffleshuffle I was thinking of :(
13yup
Indeed.
yep
/me chugs down rum
They stole my fucking telephone!
:O whos the pony on the left? ???
you should do an ip ban sumica ;)
/me has a jar of dirt
the best part
00,10thre is sign, roots,twilight,quantium, and the ones that came with the game
And the movie instantly starts out with people being hanged at the gallows. Including women and children. You know, for kids.
Watching Pirates in the middle of class. legit
FFF-
left pony = Wrek's OC
/me grabs his jar of dirt
AYE BE READY TO SET SAIL!!
ded
FFFFFFFFFFF-
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
When did this start?
uh oh
Yo Ho
Yet another poor soul whose quest for recognition led to harrassment of others.
hang all the people
DAMNIT
Thieves and beggers
started now
Well, he got what he wanted.
Right to a fair trial, suspended.
I like this movie, (with some exception from annoying bits -.-
D: ppl are getting killed here
all ded
"*Dun dun dun* Another one bites the dust!"
Suspend ALL the rights!
13right to G4 ponies
all suspened FROM LIFEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
omg ded works so well here
So many peoples.
13suspended
nuuuuu
/me GASPS
Looks like I made it back in time.
HANG THEM
YOU ARE A PIRATE
Meanwhile the perversion of law
godamnit! I need to go to bed... i need to get up at 7 tomorow again... and i love this movie
Shizuka: nooooo
that guilt by association
back in the days they didn't have streams,so they hang people
now who can sing this song in full?
YAR HAR FIDDLE-DEE-DEE
Shizuka: Them's fightin' words.
the kid.
>pirating import games
Shizu, that qualifies as cruel and unusual punishment.
>dead
i wonder what it feels like to pull that lever
O:
A kid?
dat kid
sing the song kid!
Hanging children. FOR KIDS.
Shizuka: suspended? not permabanned?
not the kid
Buytoast: Nothing
Shizuka (Insert Dramatic Twi)
Reikim: Right to complain, suspended.
Rum any one?
hoist the colors... best song in all 3 movies
O_o WTF movie?
a little kid
Epic song incoming
This is so Disney
WAZUUUUUUUUUUUHHH
11,01TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Yes.
11,01I was AFK.
Call to arms, guys. SING ALONG
kid , let me guess, he escapes
"And another one gone, and another one gone, another one bites the dust!"
bad singer
you know, disney
Can't you tell this is a Disney movie intended for families? :D
turn it up woo
arrrgg
If only that was Justin beiber, if only that was justin Beiber
I remember being shocked when the kid died.
never shall we die
Jackelpon3: Like Jack Sparrow
/me FirstMaidSith
BEING A PIRATE IS ALRIGHT TO
/me stands up to piracy anthem
Where we will, we'll roam♪
<3 this song
yo ho
YEP
You wouldn't expect it from a Disney feature.
epic song
still better than JB :)
Nittany_Discord: captain?
Nittany_Discord kk letting you the new hero jester is free right now for one week :p
now everyone...Let's sing an emotional song
oh no Wreks been suspended D:
all
YARR
YO HO!
YAR HAR FIDDLE DEE
hands
Points for this scene being very moving, though.
BE, DO WHAT YOU WANT BECAUSE A PIRATE IS FREE
THIs reminds me of AC II
Fixed
EPIC SONG
hoist the colors high
hoiste the colours high
hoise the colours high
Yoo hoo ~ all hands hoist the colors high ~
heave ho.
YOU ARE A PIRATE
Nittany_Discord: ME CAPTAIN
thieves and beggers
/me hoists the colors high
Pirate_Spectrum_Rush: Are you silly, I already freed the mods
never shallwe die
never shall we die
never shall we die
Heave-ho, theives and beggars, never shall we die
Heave ho, thieves and beggars, never shall we die.
11,01Ahh.
>never shall we die
I had no idea they were all professional singers. Wouldnt you know it.
05thsi part always gave me the spine chills
chills
>being hung
11,01Still want to do Maid Pirates?
05its awesome
NO!!!!
This scene gives me goosebumps every time
/me never shall die
NOPE.AVI
Wrek|Suspended: ikr
D:
powa
Hold together, hoist the colors high
so awesome
Never shall die!
Wrek|Suspended: i am getting the chills right now
Same here, Wrek
I won't die, until I'm 53 years old
you don't say
excellant
hey, who banned me the last time?
youdontsay.jpg
Third movie is by far the darkest of the trilogy.
Fun fact: there is a gibbet in the US in texas from the wild West Era to hang 7 people at once, it's known as Door to hell (or something similar)
/me All togehter now.................
00,10it is moveing
Heave ho, theives and beggars, never shall we die♪
I feel nothing from this scene
Lord Cutler Baguette.
ded
LOL
SQUEE
ded
...................
neee?
dat bit
:D
squee
they so ruined Pirates with the 4th movie
SQUEE
squee
RELEAVANCE
dat sqeee
Dat squee
squee?
oh dear
SQUEE
DAAAAAAAAAAAAAMN
lol!
i wish there was a proper version of this song
00,10and then wrek killed it
hullo everypony
:D
Bad timings quee
SQUEE
And then they died. The End.
And that's how you start a fucking movie
it fit so well ;)
Best time for a squeee
Wrek, you magnificent bastard, I love you.
Though it was ironical
Hoist the colours.
Navigator_magmablock: ikr?
hai Nrutas
SINGAPOOORE
They made the SQUEE before it was cool
hey sumica, was it you who banned me the last time?
I was under the impression it was a real song.
im on my shiny new tablet
http://cristgaming.com/pirate.swf
00,10define last time?
Look at all the Captains!
Singapoore, where everyone is a poor Singer!
Captain_Dark92Enigma: The squee sound didn't actually originate from MLP
Captain_Striker: bye bye
Is Superbrony64 around?
the "perma" ban
what have I miss?
you know
everypony can be a captain :D
hmm, do i try to order one of those t-shirts for buck
Crimson_Phoenix: Movie just began
00,10you meen like 5 min ago?
Singapore!
what song was that?
advertising that you are ban evading is not a good thing
11,01People didn't seem that into maid pirates yesterday.
but there will be questions from my parents...
Serenity I know, i heard some from Spongebob
Serenity yeah... when I heard it on MLP for the first time I was like "Damn... this sound is old XD"
Sumica yes
/me licks Sumica s shins
Why are you singing a pirate song in the middle of a hostile territory?
its keira "sunken chest" knightley
Nittany_Discord: what?
oh pirates of the carribwam?
also
This soundtrack
moo
Nittany_Discord: It's like trying to be a pirate ninja. Just too much at once.
00,10nope but I will gladly do it now
Suddenly Fireworks
dmnit... i really have to go to bed. good night everypony, have fun watchin an awesome movie
I'm not a captain
05NYYYYYEEEEEEEEES
Are you really this stupid, Keira?
I'm a leader
05that fel so GOOD
what part of PERMA ban does ne not get
05MMMMMMMMM
05orgasmic
OH GOD
05dat ban
this will be my first POTC movie :)
What did you do, Wrek|Suspended
ban?
Lolol
11,01Ninjas and pirates are rivals, aren't they?
so its froze for anyone else?
Barbossa!!!!
I think Wrek's enjoying this a leetle too much.
BEST PONY
Good ol barbosa
Guys, I just realized something.
Nittany_Discord: what make3s them rivals?
Hai MacGuffin
/me cheers
05Sinestro: refresh
Dead Man walking
barbosa appers
Wrek likes to ban
Captain_Michael: yup
FirstMateReikim: aye
night all
Wrek|Suspended: Also, why are you suspended? I freed all the mods :3
Nittany_Discord: Pirates and maids don't get along either. What with all the pillaging and so on.
she is bloodhungry :/
11,01Captain_Sith: The internet.
oh she crazy
If there was a squee at the Execution.. that means that...
Brits?
05Serenity: the right to mods was suspended in the start
Nittany_Discord: what about the internet
THEY HUNG FLUTTERSHY
Where's Dick Jensen when we need him, right Wrek?
/me dusts
THE BASTARDSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSs
NOT FLUTTERSHY!
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m8f5izPegD1qded3go2_500.jpg
The right to being suspended? Suspended
11,01They started the Pirates vs. Ninjas thing..
Wrek|Suspended: Then I have but one thing to say: DUN DUN MUDDABUCKING DUUUUNNN. I'm done
Sumica atleast give me some time to read the last message -_-
05Vordox: sumica is dickjensen, im goodguy jensen
dat camouflage
NINJA PIRATES
LOL STEALTH
dem commandos
Ninjas > Pirates
Ninja Robot Pirates
IMPSORRIRU!
11,01And you can have maid pirates.
Sumica is the NICEST Jensen...
Ninja Robot Zombie Pirate
The right to squidge, suspended
GUYS
To good guys
00,10ok Legoup
How about
I want this Music Box so badly :(
dat monkey
umm so what was it?
lmao
PARROT
Ninja Robot Pirates Samurai
GunnerMaid: NinjaPirates > Ninjas OR Pirates.
Mmmmm song
11,01They pillage and plunder and clean up afterwards.
THE MONKEY
Monkey!
Pirates > Ninjas
lawl Captain_Sith
^
Captain_Maid_Discord, piracy will get you suspended
I really won't be suprised if I look like Adam Jensen when I'm 20
YAR
/me cinderblocks Captain_Pillow_Poni. "Right to be quiet still in effect"
So he's a dick then
okay this scene is pretty awesome
me <3 music Boxes
HOI
Hoi.
Captain_Maid_Discord: Then what's the point of pillaging? The whole point of wrecking things is that someone else has to clean it up.
hoi
Hoi
I think Jensen look like he's 35+
Hoi
I'd be very surprised
Yoi hoi, mah boi
a house of whores in a disny film
yup
11,01But maids like to clean things up, so maid pirates wreck so they can clean.
Vivix: I believe he is around 20 or his 30's
Meanwhile: *cinderblocks bounce off of me* Damn, you saw that, huh.
it seems i can not argue with powerful ppl
Hello BaconMane
YARR MATEYS WHO'S READY TO SET SAIL INTO THE UNKNOWN ONE LAST TIME?
LOL
epic weapontry time
xD
He looks pretty old- but I can't remember if they said in the game
Aren't we all pirates...? So LET them be all treachery... Duh
/me maroons Admiral_Otakon
hai BaconMane
so many weapons
hi BaconMane
dem guns
hiya BaconMane
Captain_Maid_Discord: I concede. Your logic is infallible.
I'd Either look like Commander Shephard, or Adam Jensen
/me 11,01dusts BaconMane with his cutlass feather duster.
How is she not weighted down by that
She's more loaded than the rest.
ALL THE WEAPONS
XD
ello BaconMane
damn she's packing
all the weapons
she has a very loose... pocket...
....
OH MAI
LAWl
>_>
Barbossa
Thats alot of weapons
;ol
WEPON
Uhh, where did she hid it?
oh my
Did she just pull a blunderbuss out of her ass?
0,5*dresses up in maid outfit*
1 WOMAN ARMY
Dat ban
Remove
i'd buy that for a dollar
LOOOOOOOOOOL
/me licks BaconMane
CriticKitten: that's what it looked like
Are you guys, CRAZY? That's nowhere NEAR the amount of weapons I carry with me
DAMNIT SQUEE
SQUEE
Squee
SO MANY BANS
squee
dat squee :D
asshole
SQUEE
Sqee
Serenity, I only need one weapon...
where? what ban?
where?
Admiral_Otakon: ur
Appropriate squee was
otakon: If so, then I gotta say....dat ass.
05they are the same bans
I'm gonna transform into Guybrush now :3
Admiral_Otakon: Sorry sir, you missed it.
the hell?
StinkomanFan: So do I, but I like variety
dat Jet Li
Guuy Bruuuush
TSAAANG TSHUUUUN!
whats up my fellow bronies
hmmm brb again
POCKET SAND!
ill just watch the movie instead -_- jeez
Oh, everyone heard the Squee? Does Wrek|Suspended have the same ping sound as me?
The good news is I have not been banned .. yet
test
so what happened to jack spiggle?
ello spitfirecolt
Hell, you should see my arsenal in New vegas
Hello spitfirecolt
Chow Yun Fat. Aww shityea
STEAM
Wrek|Suspended does this concern me?
wait Wrek|Suspended got suspended?
Hello, character played by a very popular actor who is poorly utilized in this film!
/me POCKET SANDs Serenity
when?
MOAR STEAM
hai spitfirecolt
He doesn't look young nor fat
Dat dramatic effect
/me stabs StinkomanFan With ballistic knife
whats up superbrony64
tis a fatty
hi SuperBrony64
05the right to stream, suspended
wow
0,5Hawt DAYUM
Easy Shizu.
Shit, my bad. It's Chow Yun Fat, not Jet Li:)
05the right to ban, suspended
/me Covers everypony in powdered sugar
they had mcdonalds back then?
:$
13flashbacks to griefers on tribes 2....
05the right to make sexual innuendos...
Dem nails.
05still in effec-suspended
Nnnnnnn?
Aww-
at least you still have suspenders.
hay wrek hows it going
Wrek|Suspended: the right to stream ponies.....?
/me chugs down rum
Getting twitchy trigger finger on the ban-shotgun?
13there were two of them from competition scenes... out of some 400 bans we had, they accounted for about 30%
Wrek|Suspended: how long is your suspension mate?
05Bronysith: the duration of the movie
wat iss that
Right to suspenders, Suspended.
05i tried to make a new meme >.>
Wrek|Suspended: for shame
Wrek|Suspended .. wait... is the unnuendo thing suspendet now or not ?
/me licks Wrek|Suspended
making new memes, suspended
Wrek|Suspended: You're doing pretty well. So what happens if I make a sexual innuendo, then?
/me hugs Wrek|Suspended
buh bye upperhoof
Faill Will Turner
The right to not be exposed to G3.6 Newborn Cuties, Suspended
And Will Turner
Turner, you suck.
fail spy turner
will turner failed
That's 120 bans
evening everypony
and Chriasten Steward does her best Expression :)
Dat spike
DAMNIT WILL
05the right to to stream ponies, suspended
I truly question the way some peoples minds work.
Hello Fou_Lou
hai Fou_Lou
Wrek|Suspended: NNNNNNNNNNNNUUUUUUUUUUUUU!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wrek|Suspended: O_O
05the right to stream G3.6 still in effect
Wrek: Isn't that ALWAYS true?
/me hugs Fou_Lou
Wrek|Suspended: Suspend ALL the things!
good evening my fellow pony
DAMMIT WOMAN GO BACK TO KITCHEN
Susupend meh
Wrek: The right to make new memes, suspended.
He got caught
nuuuuuu G3.6 noooo
Zanon, suspended
I try not to, because that way lies dark places.
Fatty I see
05the right for zanon to comission more art of his OC, suspended
huzzah
and this is why women shouldn't be trusted
Wrek|Suspended: Well thats the only ponies everyone in this chat wants anyway, right?
AH CANNA HEWP BUT WONDA
/me 11,01thinks BaconMane looks good in his outfit
The right for Meanwhile to throw cinderblocks, suspended
I DID NAHT GOT CAUGHT, THAT'S BULLSHIT
no no wrek
poor Wrek|Suspended
not that T.T
WAT TIME?
dat piece of 8
0,5<3
<3 Shizu
Whats my rank today?? Am i still a swabbie?? D:
pirate lorgs
The Brethen Court
call?
*lords
More Steam.
The right for otakon to get kicked for posting too much, suspended
ALL THE STEAM
MORE STEAM!
Nice Tro
more steam
Wrek >me
MOARSTEAM
Wrek|Suspended: Suspend the right to repeat overused memes?
Troy*
MIDGET
The right to leverage, suspended
awesome midget
Steam need some HL3 I guess
13the right to railings
13suspended
Easy ground once you get used to it.
this guy sounds like my supervisor
13right to a round of cider on the house
13granted actually
But, railings. ;_;
13drink up
The right to Big McLargeHuge
Shizuka: What ...IS railings?
....
xD
Suspended
Raggeti, you so silly
The right to know the location of Gondor, suspended
yay Shizuka
Aww yeah
Lol!
OSHA's gonna be ticked off
/me chugs his cider
/me drinks
05where was gondor, when the right to search for gondor was supsended?
perversion
he can see under he r
Rofl!!
xD
/me drinks ti his hearts content
xD
D:
The right to knowing what went wrong
Suspended
eww
Swan is such a noob
Gondor, suspended
The right to call upon the Sea Ponies while in distress, suspended.
O_O
Wrek|Suspended: Gondor was suspended
Pintel and Regetti are the best comedic duo in cinema in a long time
I came back to see Wrek|Suspended.
Why is so many things suspended? O_o
What do you mean? ._.
otakon's right to a bufferless stream...suspended.
Transformers!
The right to ship otakon
Suspended
/me found a jar of dir
Right to ask questions, suspended.
t
CAPTAIN
the right to jars of dirt
Dat twin giggle.
suspended
Chrysalis, that right was abolished forever a long time ago.
RaveBrony, were you here for the start of the movie?
wat
05the right to damn the autokickbots, suspended
I want the right to suspend to be a new meme =.=
13right to wave your hooves in the air like you just don't care
13suspended
Kandarihu: Actually we still ship him on occasion.
SecondMaidPillowPoni: Oh, no, but ive seen it. Derp :D thx for reminding me
The right to -b, suspended.
Wrek|Suspended: the right to silence
0,5wat
So many unbans
nothing stops us shipping otakon
Jack is best pone
the right to unban, suspended
RaveBrony: You're welcome
9 pieces of Eight. seems legit
everything is being suspended
just shipping him in here
Spy in the base
Miniature Airplanes, suspended... by wire.
13the idiot kept using the same username so it's easier to just kill that
lolwut
13and free up slots
WEPON
spies
The right to put your ass in the air, suspended
OH SHITG
/me is the only one who hasn't been shipped
lol
Awesome
well shit
WEAPONS
suddenly weapons
Shizuka: having fun beating fools with the noodle
enforced method acting
Wrong man
The right to clean...suspended. Sorry, Nitt >.>
LOL
OSHIT
SPY
spy
LAWL
God damn East India Trading Company.
OH FUCK
give weapon_sword #all
BRITS
05maidhour, suspended
it took them so many times to get that shot right that when they finally did their surprised reactions were genuine
Steam room brawl!
Its the po po
Suspend ALL the pirates!
lol wut
HE BRITS ARE COOMIG
britain spy
PARTY'S OVER
MY PEG LEG!!
nobody expects the british Navy!
Manifest Destinyyyyyy!!
lol
where are the ninjas?
11,01Did I miss something?
Wrek|Suspended: your face....
The right to Saxy's jacket, suspended
05the right to pinkie promise, suspended
the right to lords suspended
nobody expects anything, suddenly something
ded
Captain_Maid_Discord: Wrek|Suspended said Maid Hour, suspended
oh shit
HEADSHOT!
The right to muffins, suspended
11,02I'm here RustyMeat. What you need? :3
British gestapo guy
Captain_Maid_Discord: Wrek suspended maid hour. Shall we disband then?
then sudden hand cannon
You know what? THere is a difference between this piracy and internet piracy. These pirates steal stuff. We only copy stuff.
11,01What's this suspended meme?
I NEED TO GET A NEW PEG LEG
0,14?
Lol :D
05Captain_Maid_Discord: you saw the beginnign of the movie?
lmao
lol
LOL
:D
0,14Why are my jacket rights suspended?
Captain_Maid_Discord: The right to ask questions, suspended.
:D
The right to peg legs, suspended
MARTY, THE GUNMAN
Hey guys, been a while.
11,01I missed it for a bit.
RAMBO MIDGET
/me glomps Admiral_Otakon
hai Cavy
The right to proper footing, suspended.
05a guy kept rabblign ssupended legal rights
Captain_Maid_Discord: At the stat of the movie, people were getting hung for associating with pirates. LOTS of rights were susupended, thus meme was born
Who is BerryPunch?
05it escalated
Admiral_Otakon: the rtight for me to glomp.... SUSPENDED
00,10Rights to left susoended
11,01And I'll die before suspending maid hour! :p
/me dodges teh Bronysith glomp
Too many new names. Haha
FlareChaser: Kickbot in progress.
ZECIRA
Hi I sell these fine leather jackets
SaxyPretender, in case you missed it, the right to question suspensions has been suspended
Ah, okay.
cool music
The right to eye patches, suspended
so be it
/me kills Captain_Maid_Discord
IRONY
/me 11,01explodes
lol
/me Glomps Bronysith
Salute Captain_Michael
Pwned.
Woo timing
FIRE
ninja pirates rule
/me 11,01dies
raiden knows what you're up to
The right to fire, suspended
0,14But that's-
Captain_Maid_Discord: CAPTAIN! Are you Alright?!
Guess not
05the right to explode, suspended
At least wilhelm wasn't involved
Someone suspend the right to death.
EAT IT BRITS
RIGHT TO AN ATTORNEY....allowed :)
Wrek|Suspended: Too late
inb4 Wilhem suspended
...
Morning/afternoon/evening, everybrony.
The right to yell ARRRR!, Suspended
what about eating bananas wrek?
11,01The right to suspend thing suspended.
00,10Right to whilhelm Suspended
British gestapo Guy sucks :(
Nooo
I... Will take over Captain_Maid_Discord's crew.... I Shall make you PROUD Capn!
dat XVIII c. Spy
The right to make deals with me, suspended
Admiral_Otakon, you became an Admiral?
whats with the Suspention
I don't see the appeal of this meme
Sumica: the right to be Dick Jensen
Sumica: I knew it was coming up XD
the right to go to the moon?
Captain_Maid_Discord: *things :P
Capn_Gavn: Yes.
Ninja-Fou_Lou: Wrek's new meme
Alright. Captain_Maid_Discord made the FINAL suspended joke.
MONKEY!!
The right to YARR, is sustained
Oh damn
right to suspend things, suspended
oh boy
oh shit
00,10You can never suspend dick Jensen.
hi RaveBrony!
Sumica: Lefts to right, suspended.
Hiya CCCP! :$
holy shiiit!
CabinBoy_Sid: the meme is supention?
hai RaveBrony
suddenly micheal bay
The right to mod = SUSPENDED
Right to suspend suspending...suspended.
The right to DickJensen, suspended
ALMOST a Wilhelm scream
FIREWORKS
05the right to be a dick, still in effect
/me suspends Sumica the right to TEAM DEATHMATCH
Hey Captain_Michael :)
Michael PirateBay
Right to DickShep, suspended
Ninja-Fou_Lou: pretty much
I can't hold all these new names. Where are you when I need you, Placebo?
see you tomorow powerful sexy ppl <3
Dammit Wrek :< Of all the things you could have left in effect...
asian domination
What about the right to mind the boat?
11,01The right to sketch Twilight, suspended.
Phew, made it
13canary canary~<3
13<33
D:
Shizu Shizu
Zecora! <3
Gnight Zeromane
hey LadyCanary
05the right to wub canary, still in effect
goddamn what isn't suspended holy crap
LadyCanary: hello
hai LadyCanary
I've always hated Tia Dalma's accent
hi LadyCanary
yay
╮(╯_╰)╭﻿
The right to wub in general, suspended.
hai LadyCanary
Hai LadyCanary *hugs* How you doing?
oh shit
wait, squid face is still alive?
Dat LadyCanary wub :)
Hai Canary. :3
i tought he died?
/me wubs LC
Hello LadyCanary
flying dutchman!
hi there LadyCanary ;)
evening Canary
The right to realeasing Krake. suspended.
flying dutchman is best ship
hello LadyCanary
*Kraken
Godking_Buytoast: As long as Davy Jones' heart is still beating, he's alive
how you doing LadyCanary
Wait Zeromane is the same as RDashie ?
WELCOME ABOARD CANARY!!
The right to wub LadyCanary , sustained
./////. oh hush Wrek
The right to party cannon, suspended
The right to parlay...suspended.
well i missed the end of the other movie
FOOK.
IS he?
Time for food.
He is?
Flying Dutchman is OP, nerf
00,10Dick jenson needs no team, he deathmatches alone
The right to bass cannon can never be suspended
:D
NO prisioners
Sumica: TEAM
The right to suspend, suspended.
FirstMateMaidkim: the right to pierce the heavens!
/me chugs rum
Sumica: What about DickShep?
why is it called the flying dutchman when it doesnt fly?
Right to Poni, SUSPENDED
11,01Davy Jones has infinite ammo and no reload on.
dunno his goodbye makes me think so but i haven't check his host
^
11,01That ass.
Malmortius: Diversion
Damn brits
StinkomanFan: Noooooo.
11,01Also: http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m8gimxI9vx1ra10dko4_1280.png
looks like there playing Risk
05the right to worship the plot, suspended
That Davy be a hax
Meh.
Sounded more like another one of Meanwhile's desperate souls.
O_o
Captain_Maid_Discord: <3
Nine of them, because the writers want to contradict the very meaning of "pieces of eight".
Captain_Maid_Discord: nice pic
U really would like to know, the Flying Dutchman DOES get a few Hits here and there in battle, who repairs it? They aren't allowed to go on land!
Captain_Maid_Discord: That's cute
9 pieces of 8 - pirate math
Risk? That's the game of my people!
Captain_Maid_Discord, Davy Jones needs to be nerf
I hate desperation.
semi-automatic pirate ships. What hath Neptune wrought?
why would you post that D:
11,01I didn't sketch that.
Captain_Maid_Discord: Nice :$
Oh, Molestia's not going to be happy with that one, Wrek.
Guybrush_Threepwood: crewmen
Captain_Maid_Discord: dat sketch :D
Grow a spine and act with some dignity.
I summoned you in defense mode
9 pieces of 8, seems legit
/me sits on Wrek|Suspended s head
Guybrush_Threepwood: the ships is made of it.
00,10Nitt why do you seem freaked out in that.
:D
Guybrush_Threepwood: they repair it with wrecks also the crew is allowed on land just not the captain but once every 10 years
11,01I think my OC is tired of being put in maid outfits.
The Govenor is the ONLY good guy here
Ninja-Fou_Lou oh...
Pieces of Eight is a nickname of an actual type of coin
EPIC SONG
11,01He's like "What am I doing in a maid outfit again?!"
suddenly: ICE
Sumica: who is that white and pink pony?
oh boy
chilled monkey6 brains
Nitt, you're in a maid outfit as we speak. Your OC doesn't have a right to be sick of maid outfits. It wasn't suspended, it was just never given.
Admiral_Otakon oh, I thought the entire cre is only allowed once in 10 years
They were frozen today
one of the seven seas
Admiral_Otakon: thats Celestia
suddenly skyrim
Only dead.
Dead @_@
Just a flesh wound.
Jack Skyrim
00,10that is young celestia
yh only dead
Oh Zecora, you are a good pony
Otakon I think that's young Celestia
Sumica: oh it's Tia
zecora?
I didnt understand a word she said.
Franek12354: yep
Because the plot says we can't just resurrect him, we have to invest a good portion of the movie bringing him back to fill out time.
Dat toe.
Dat toe
Davy Jones lockah
omg
xDDD
00,10ewwwwwwww
oh, bugger
dat frostbite
Well that aint' good.
Hehehe
WE NEED DUCT TAPES
Damn
That foot ain't good
ouchies
/me licks Sumica s disgust
11,01Interactive paper.
I want an icicle conical hat
well that can't be good
Dat transparent pony
not as accurate but lead to more place
Why is the ancient map in English?
the didn`t have duct tape back then Vordox
This little piggy died to frostbite LOL
oh nope is not the same similar host but not the same
Hai Guys :D
FirstMateMaidkim: it appears in english to those who read it
hai PinkiePieYoshi64
11,01This is science, kids.
Hi PinkiePieYoshi64
Meanwhile expecting dignity on the internet ? Madness
what movie are we watching?
/me has seen the flash green
Ninjad
11,01It's actually just light refraction.
I know right. Futile hopes.
so is Last Crusade after this?
If it's similar, he might just have gotten a new IP. I'm pretty sure mine changes regularly, given the whining that Vindictus keeps giving me.
yes
/me Waves to everypony
It's gettin' baaaack
It's gettin' back *CUE EPIC SOUNDTRACK*
so prepare for awesome
00,10well yeah, dieing is easy
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Green_flash - just btw
God i love Barbossa
Maidkim to benefit the audience?
dat music
11,01Later Basenji
PinkiePieYoshi64: POTC At worlds end
its a sonic rainbow, but only with the color green
bye Basenji
/me waves to Basenki
I love Barbosa
/me has the soundtrack
/me presents Captain_Maid_Discord his signature Laser beam Feather Duster Cutlass
so cold
Antarctica?
So captain bozobra is a zombie?
11,01Thanks.
Why does Barbosa always open his eyes wide. "Its gettin back, O.O"
Navigator_magmablock: Damn right
OMG :D :D :D Pirates of the Carribean :D :D :D :O I don't like this... oh well, I'll give it a try :3
I've got a jar of dirt~
ah yes, the Pirates movies. Aka "Everyone has like 4 different secret plans going on at the same time and nobody really knows who's siding with who"
Ya know, I know I'm supposed to sympathize with the pirates, but....let's compare the alternative: the seas ruled by pirates who will pillage, plunder, and steal goods and treasure from their rightful owners. Kinda finding it tough to back them up here.
audio cutting in and out?
giant ice va... okay no
dat Dash
rf
dat Dash
AntARRRRRtica
dat dashie Wrek|Suspended
Dat Dashie
Malmortius, it's called acting
so do they ever explain how barbosa came back
wait? Was that RD?
BRITS
RAWRity: I take it you don't like it too much
dat RD
its a shame i miissed Piates yesterday, only ever seen bits and pieces of it
I hope these guys die
alexxm: Yes but it's spoiler ish.
dat guy on the left
/me points at Meanwhile "Like that Captain_Striker?"
how is Barbosa a pirate lord? didnt he become a captain through mutiny?
Admiral_Otakon: they're entertaining films, but damn if they get way to convoluted by the third one.
agreed
yes
NO! NOT THE GOVENOR!
What does Convoluted mean?
/me plays the organ
That's what the Spy would look like if TF2 would be set in XVIII c.
RAWRity: Sounds more like Death Note, to be honest.
/me cuts Admiral_Otakon's arm off.
Davy Jones has a sad
Davy is sad
ME ARM!
WAT
pirates dont advance the ranks like normal jobs
Music box music....<3
CaptainGanjalf I always call him british gestapo guy, because thats pretty much what he is :/
alexxm, wasn't Barbossa the man who is so evil that Hell itself spit him back out?
He needs a hug
Eels bad, man:(
I wish I had a beard that played organ
/me takes the stump and attaches a mighty hook.
CriticKitten: but it's okay, because the military are like...assholes! that makes it okay for the pirates to pillage and destory people's lives!
sad jones :(
FirstMateMaidkim: And yet I found Death Note easier to follow than this movie.
DAVY JONES <3
The right for Meanwhile to do any bodily harm to anyone, suuuuuuuuuuuspendeed
:(
Kandarihu: I believe that's blackbeard
dat lone tear
Wait.
00,10his skin is much more wrinkled this time
Kandarihu good point
The 1 manly tear
mainly tears
RAWRity: You, sir, are quite impressive.
Death Note is easy
/me chops ThePoniFromTortuga in half.
He removed his heart to prevent himself from having feelings. HAX!
just salt water
He's mad! Jim!
Must.. not.. cry..
BUFFER
aw cthullu feels sad
heh
cocks
RAWRity, so the military being evil makes the civilians expendable?
Hey it those guys
and then he had feelings
Turn sad... into... rrRAGE
THOSE TWO!
why aren't they red anymore?
/me just stares *lol really, Meanwhile?*
shouldn't he cry ink like Squidgirl?
cool crew jones
Some dweeb thought he could control the world with a book and an anti-social thought he could stop him
ThePoniFromTortuga: Turns out, yeah.
00,10I will naugt
there
Death Note
Kandarihu: I was being facetious. But yes, that's the logic the movie follows.
I WILL NAUGHT!
05good old fashioned imperialism
Meanwhile: But I'm a pillow :3
05suspended
NAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!!
:D
ThePoniFromTortuga: Even.
snort
RAWRity, I undersand
The Company controls the Dutchman?
I'm evil, you know! That's why this scene needs to be here. D:<
Since when?
Nyaah- World of Tanks ad keep screwing up my youtube
FUCK YOU BRITS
....wait
WAT
Meanwhile: *hugs*
WHat!?!?
YOU KILLED THE KRAKEN?
WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT?!?
FirstMateMaidkim: Since they got Jone's heart.
He killed le Kraken? That's best pet
Where my badass Kraken death scene?
the krakens killed
The Kraken was suspended
Beckatt is such an asshole
not the kraken!!!
wait when and HOW did they kill the Kraken?
LIVING IN A MATERIAL WORLD
I AM THE MATERIAL GIRL
why surumeeeeee
/me hugs ThePoniFromTortuga.
Well duh, if it was then it would be now
11,01Watch out! It's beating!
CriticKitten: because he wanted to...um....I a....BECAUSE HE'S A DICK. AND THAT'S UST WHAT HE DOES.
That chest has a Heart Container
suddenly stars
ooo pretty
Release the Kraken... set it free!
Navigator_magmablock, you startin with me?
FirstMateMaidkim: Yep, since Norrington have brought them Jones' heart
Admiral_Otakon: I guess they made him blast the thing to hell
that's one placid ass sea
hmmm
i mean goddaamn
00,10a sea of stars
Well, I'm living in a corporeal world.
Flutterbunny
11,01This is why you don't cut your own heart out kids.
:O
dat SHy
Dat Fluttershy!
Admiral_Otakon: To show whose boss
Suddenly, FLUTTESHY :O
Dat fluttershy
'dat Flutters
CriticKitten: Might have been because it's an unholy terror of the seas and a threat to everyone.
it's peaceful
Flutterbunny :)
dat fluttershy
Oh no!
flutterbunny?
Hai Twi Magic
/me Chugs down a bottle of rum
i see a flutterbunny
00,10twi plot
eeeeeh whoooa
derp
Sudenly, background... :P
Also
WAT
:D
Tia and Luna <3
Sumica: ping lag test ping
That is batshit stupid! Beckett could use the Kraken to destroy ANY SHIP HE WANTS AT ANY TIME. Why would you kill a weapon like that? That's like having access to Bahamut, and instead of using it, you tell it to MegaFlare itself to death.
never mind
woona
FirstMateMaidkim: one thing about that: he could have used the Kraken to destroy tons of pirate ships and territories with it.
Navigator_Vordox: Woona
00,10you got a long wait Otakon
05CriticKitten; casue it could be used agaisnt him
CriticKitten: ...Point taken. Well then, Beckett's just an asshole.
Sumica: you turned it off didn't you?
05there was a middle hand of control
00,10no, wrek is streaming
CriticKitten, think of it like having a nuke. It's too dangerous for anypony else to ever get
oh
:D
Nice logic.
Wait a sec... John Williams composes this, right? :O
Wrek|Suspended: post anything when you hear this ping.
CriticKitten: And then Wrek provides the counterpoint I was only just realizing.
pirate logic
good logic
Wrek: How? He has the heart. He'd never be able to use it against Beckett without risking the heart and his own life.
If you can't find it, you need to be lost to get there! Makes total sense
Inb4 they read the end of the world
OMG best scene is next
Wrek|Suspended: save for the fact that, were Jones to betray him, He'd have the heart right there to stab. That's how he got jones to follow him.
reach*
I'm hungry
05its still a risk
05a 3rd hand
Nevermind, sounds identical :P
Meanwhile: To someone like Barbossa, yeah.
PinkiePieYoshi64: Just as good.
then the end of the world
CriticKitten: doesnt bahamut gets healed byflare?. Its because the kraken is still the biggest threat of the navy. And its a good test to test the loyalty
wow..... the world is flat
Yay! Water Park Run!
the Chrich was right! the earth IS Flat!
05he oculd order to decimate the ship before beckett would even be able to open the chest
11,01Who flattened the earth?
05it would end on the bottom of the sea
edge of the world
it's the end of the world as we know it!
/me raises his hand
Church*
/me danes with Captain_Michael
Suddenly, I'm hungry
Wrek: In which case the heart is crushed by the ocean's pressure and Davy dies.
Pirates of the Waterfall
So if they fall over... will they fall forever into space...?
Save us Zecora!
Im derping is this the first or second one?
I've got a jar of dirt~
Feed me
All myths are true
CCCP: Third
Colombus was wrong, the earth is flat
Yeah it's bad when the Voodoo Queen prays
PinkiePieYoshi64: That's for you to find out
Screw you science, earth is flat!
Barbossa <3
WE`RE GOING TO DIE!!!
Hahahahahah
bwahahahahah
lol the monkey
Weeeeeeeeee
hi:D
FirstMate_JESmith67, Galileo
Like a BarBOSSa
WELCOME TO DIE
05chest is probably magical
WEEEE
killerpony7733 oh
CRAZY BASTARD
hai rainbow
ded
Also, waterfall in the middle of the ocean. Seems legit.
05and even then
11,01So long, random ship.
Barbossa's reaction is awesome.
I'm craving Hellmans mayonaise for some reason
That would make one hell of a ride at Disney land
Dat ding
05davy jones could use it as a last resort
Dead men tell no tales
CriticKitten: It is actually
Giant waterfall? Hahahahahaha
THE END
babosra enjoys this
Movie over
Fall off the edge of the earth, they either fall forever or land in space
dead men tell no taaaaaaalesssss
All ded
05"rather die than keep beign a lapdog thing"
Tails?
And then best part of film
dat music and vocals
00,10dem lines from the ride
OH SHIT I LOVE THIS PIART
WHITE
NOSE
suddenly nose
/me sniffs
THAT AUDIO CLIP WAS FROM THE RIDE
Shipwrecked....
Meanwhile somewhere...
xD
lolwat
0,14...Cocaine?
NOSE
and then ...............
/me sniffs
We need to stream MUPPET Treasure island sometime
a nose?
Peanut
Cashew
PEANUT
/me in the locker...
Are we in the commercials?
lol
/me sniff
nut!
delishous
AdmiralSaxy: Cocainum
/me eats the peanut
Wrek|Suspended: except Jones could still do that, just with the Dutchman, aka the most dangerous ship on the sea
xD
It's a nut ad.
ded
peanut
and it has to be with Jack
PEANUT!
wat?
My peanut.
Da buck?
dafuq
JACK SPARROW
this scene was epic in the cinema! GIANT NOSE!
JACK SHOT FIRST
aaaaaand welcome to filler everybody!
ma peanut
so is that murdur or suicide?
WAIT WHAT?!
I love this I LOVE IT
Wrek: But he seems just fine being a lapdog for the course of this film....I dunno, I maintain that it's incredibly stupid of him to throw away what amounts to a reuseable tactical nuke. :/
05RAWRity: would still take logner time than to allow the kraken do it
who is useing my name?
DING!
DAFUQ
jack killed jack
xD
seems legit
11,01Stop shooting yourself.
Welcome to mindscrew
help
all the jacks
?
im bored
:D
so many Jack Sparrows
WORST CREW EVER IN HISTORYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!
Thrackerzod: You've probably ghosted
0,14o_o
yay! fanservice!
Captain_Maid_Discord: Aye captain!
WHAT?!
So many JACKS:O
So many Applejacks....
all the jacks
that egg
FUCK
wat
MY NIGHTMARE HAS COME TRUE!!
Scootajack
NOOO
ANDmovie over
?
Navigator_Vordox: best crew in history
Funfact: this adds literally nothing to the story! :D
oh, ok
Suddenly pause.
Suddenly, PAUSE
wut
Uh, what happened?
11,01Suddenly, movie went away.
Panic!!!
I LOVED this level in Lego Pirates
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT
Oy.
GOOD STREAM EVERYONE
A Scootaloo pirate
wtf
What?
Serenity ive been offline for like 20 minutes,
umm
lol.
Derpy took over the stream
wrek
im
and then it ded
11,01What the hell?
lawl
FirstMateMaidkim: Good point. Beckett can't stab the heart or he loses his resource. >_>
Lolwut
WHA?
aw damn it
:o
05damn keyboard shorcuts
what?
wut
deeeerp
RAWRity: But who cares, it's hilarious!
Whuuu?
yeah
dooooooooooooooooooooooohhhh
Suddenly, Intermission :D
um
00,10da hell
MOVIE OVER
The egg came first, movie over
Ended Early /10
ded
11,01That was a quick movie.
emd pf tje f;o,7
00,10oh
it's voer
wtf
intermission?
LOL!
What the?
Ahahahahahahaha
lmao
waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Random Intermission
it's all voer\
Huh/
Oh my god chat has laid an egg.
The End
shot movie/10
Movie Over?
movie got suspended
0,14man, movie over already?
10/10
jack lays an egg, the end
wrek derped
Suddenstop/10!!!
MOVIE'S OVER, back to whatever
NOW THAT WAS TRULY FITTING!
short movie
Aw man....
JACK SHOT FIRST/10
Right to movie: suspended.
Egg/10
NO!!!
peanut/10
start again :D
Restart
Short movie/Sparrow Jack
seriosly!?
Jack broke the universe
xD
Yay, last crusade
Take 3
POOP/1
and from the beginning!
lol Wrek
FirstMateMaidkim: if by hilarious you mean tedious and completely lacking in entertainment.
Calm the hell down. /10
I cannot belive how loud my hard drive is
GOAT
Wrek|Suspended: dude that wtf scene and then suddenly ending that was hilarious
dat goat
leavit there
There we go :D
Dat nose again :O
GOAT
And we're back
This is good
WOOO
sniff
The Jack has been...way more than doubled
close enough
SNIFF
Wrek|Suspended: window is slightly off
fuck toucan sam musta directed this scene
there you go
/me steals the peanut
DRAW!!!!
Peanut
now im hungry for peanuts
I'm so sad because my goat just died *machine guns goat* I am so very sad....
BANG!
my squeenut
/me shoots CaptainGanjalf "My peanut" *eats the peanut*
XD
Mah peanut.
then the jokes again
FirstMateMaidkim: But yeah, good point. Beckett can't get rid of Jones without throwing away a serious asset. Not to mention the part that comes up later in the film and confirms that Beckett would NEVER have stabbed the heart if he knew what it meant for him. >_>
My peanut, JACK!
11,01Fun fact: He just went "Pow."
xD
this script needed a good editor before it went to be made.
/me sniffs Captain_Maid_Discord
Serenity, what's that a reference to?
I repeat
help
MY NIGHTMARE HAS COME TRUE
jacks peanut
Kandarihu: Criken
WORST CREW EVER
/me 11,01dusts ThrackerzodR
HELP! I NEED SOMEPONY
Scootaloo Captain?
dat Scootajack
THE QUESTION HAS BEEN ANSWERED, THE EGG CAME BEFORE THE CHICKEN!!
Instant Jack Sparrow
HELP
still shot
The afterlife looks like a silly place
lol
lawl
:D
Lol!!
LOL
sparrow is best scootaloo
Serenity: criken is the best
I agree with Scoot
HO!
CriticKitten: true, but Becket would have had one of his men stab it.
and then more wtbuckery
LOL!
XD
That is not how you call a Scootaloo
Ladies and gentlemen, Davy Jones' locker
<.<
goat
Jack
OTP
No
dat goat
xD
JACK NO
uh oh
scootaloo jack
Oh my!
Dat goat wub
Sparrowloo
Jack x Goat
now KISS!
jack x goat shippinig
oh no
oh yes
no
:D
Goat is disappoint.
OH NO
New best ship: Sparrow x Goat.
jack likes the goat
The goat is the only one here who isn't Jack Sparrow.
crash the movie to open the soundboard?
Goat: dafuq
did that goat smile?
Goat not gusta
ded
Well damn
is that suicide?
suicide
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Davy Jones' Locker
FATALITY
RAWRity: ....why didn't he do that? >_>
ded
Quit killing yourself
damn
SUICIDEALITY
05Helmsmaid_Tovler: technically never crashed
:O
Suicide!
05it jsut skipped forward
Ay, cap'n!
CriticKitten: I forget, did he know the whole "Dutchman must have a captain" thing?
Turns out he's insane.
Captin_Maid_Discord have you ever played sid meier's pirates, well anyway this is my crew
wat?
crazy sparrow
So if you kill a copy of yourself, is it considered suicide, or murder?
oh yes. Suspended, right
:D
crazy jack
crazy
RAWRity: in a sense but not really
Meanwhile: if he wasnt already
Meanwhile: When was he ever sane?
I wash my hands of this weirdness.
RAWRity: Honestly, I wouldn't trust anyone else as Dutchman, and I wouldn't want to be him myself, so it's a bit of a lose/lose situation from that respect.
13RAWRity: ja the guy in the wall last movie told him
turns out hes aground
Sanity, suspended
hes crazy
Dat landing
madness?
crazy suits jack
so....he's got Cabin Fever it's burning up his brain?
InB4 Jack Sparrow practices his leaning until he can lean a perfect 45 degrees.
Da buck?
wat
Jack Sparrow, marry me.
Wtf, how fast was he walking
bugger
05the right to desktop ponies durign movie
even ships go into the afterlife
EGG
Like, right not
05suspended
Dumb rock.
Jack is crazy...-er
wut a rock
how did that happen
Kandarihu One Piece Reference?
now*
Ello beasty
11,01Sailing the seven sands.
dried salt lake bed
0,14oooh, white Skittle
sniff
i would think davy jones lucker would be more watery
sniff sniff
Guybrush_Threepwood, of course
Noooooooooo
rock?
lummox
Yes, we get it, Jack's wacko.
This is REEEAALLYYY high....
stalker rock
:o
lummox
Shoo.
00,10dun dun dunnnnnnn
Tom is best Red Light Green Light player
O_o
This scene really didn't need to be this long. :/
That rock is very bothersome
Tom!
Wrek|Suspended: Sir, I believe the power might be going to your head. Next thing you know, you'll be suspending our right to an English voicetrack!
----rock
can i have what the writters have been smoking
Rock is stalking him
Tom is stalking you
A rock? That's his destiny?
Troll rock.
The rock
dat rock IS SLENDERMAN
Pirates of Jamaica all the way
eat it
SlenderTom
It's a football! I chisseled it!
This scene is amazing
eat the rock
Dumb rock.
Tom is that you
Slenderrock
11,01That's one huge kidney stone.
eat it
0,14Man, that's a rocky situation
A rock? That's his destiny?
Jack x rock
/me licks the rock
Tastes like rock.
Petrified_Discord: ^
mmmm rock
IT'S A STONE LUIGI, YOU DIDN'T MAKE IT
lol
Wrek: /)
:D
Lawl
Dumb ROCK! xDDDD
O________________O
lol
I could look at dried salt lake beds all day.
Awesome rock, I mean crab
Lol Wrek
taste lik rock
Rock evolved into crab
:O
It's really rock candy
tasty rock
TRANSFORMERS
o.0
00,10no wonder it follows him if he licks them.
OH, CRAB!
StinkomanFan: No, it's a football!, I chisled it
goddammit why do I get lag onow?
hi tom
Turns out it's a crab. Go figure.
0,14O_O
Inb4 "Look out! Here comes Tom!"
Crabs...everywhere
then the rock become a crab
00,10he probably loves him now
Rock has evolved into crab
IT'S A STONE LUIGI
TRASFORMER!
lol
on... and on....
....
Must be a Bug/Rock type
umm
and on...
IT'SA ROCK LOBSTERCRAB!
StinkomanFan: No, it's a bagel
Yep, that'l work
Crab is amused.
Get the crabs to help
THATS A LONG ROP
Yeah, keep it up. That's working well.
wait i grab mah popcorn
dem 45 degrees
It's LOTSA SPAGGETTI
Dat rock
Crab "This is better the what usually happens around here"
CRAB PEOPLE.
Feeling crabby?
G'night everypony! :)
0,14...Crab Battle time?
11,01Crab kidney stone is your best friend now.
woah
ded
Aw... the crab's kinda cute
O_O
Its an invasion!
>.< bananas make my mouth and throat itchy.
AdmiralSaxy: Hur hru hur
night Gildash
G'night Gildash
day 20 of studying humans... they still make no sense in their actions!
Crabs, crabs everywhere
Gnight GilDash
Rockycrab. What has Science Done?!
RISE MY BROTHERS
the crabs are pleased with this
TOM
He summoned the horde
Call upon the...eh...rock...crabs, when you're in distress?
BROTHERS!
RISE
RISE!
So this scene is completely pointless, but it's so trippy it really doesn't matter.
army of the crabs
The age of man is over…
The joke is that Davy Jones has Crabs
He shall play you the song of his people!
The Crabs are invading! :O
UNLEASH THE ARMY
ninja'd AdmiralSaxy
Why is this scene even in pirates of the carribbean.. i dont understand
Shoo be doo shoo shoo be doo.
ARISE MY BRETHERN!
*Admiral_Otakon
StinkomanFan: xD
Is jack going to fight Jehn Mohran?
00,10rise my minions rise
0,14Looks like Jack has a case of crabs...
Zergling rush
FORWARD!
StinkomanFan: Ha!
tab fail sorry AdmiralSaxy
Deathby Crabs..
StinkomanFan: What did Davy ever do to you?
Call upon the crab ponies when you're at World's End~
We shall help him!
Davy Jones has crabs in his locker.
0,14XD
See? Good crabs!
WA
It's an amazing scene about jack's character and his madness in the afterlife, stop complaining :(
troll crabs
Hax
seems legit
AdmiralSaxy: Someone already made that joke :s
very ver nice of them
.....he needs to stay off the Rum
so davy jones has crabs
0,14dammit
the Black Pearl has crabs
Eeyup
Jack Sparrow: Master of Crabs
What troopers
dat crab leader:D
Welp. That happened.
Dat face.
what
dat face
:D
RUN YOU FOOLS
xD
I thnk I drank to much rum
lol
ABANDON THREAD
Seriously, best crabs ever
lick a crab, crabs love you
RUN
sailing the seven(million) crabs
Wait...don't crab jokes count as sexual innuendoes? I thought that right was suspended.
That wasn't rum, it was sea water
THEY LIVED
and then they survived
alrighty--- now to the Shipwreck scene
:O
I think they died
Crab are awesome, no wonder we don't flinch when we see them unlike other arthropods.
I guess you could say that Tia Dalma... has crabs YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAA
and ofc Barbossa's hat is fine
oh no... it's! it's ! the coast of Africa!
O_o
She's got crabs now.
Contact with another guys skin can give you crabs if they have them
epic
Well, damn
Zecora now has crabs
Wait.....
well.... thats convenient
Suwaaaaaaaaag
^
Fuck you I'm Jack Sparrow.
DAT ENTRY
So the crabs and all the Jacks.... WERE NOT DREAM?!?!?
I SURF THE SEVENS DESERTS; BIATCHES
monkey likes the crabs
jacky!!
CAPTAIN Swag Sparrow
Jack Sparrow always comes back in style
PinkiePieYoshi64: enope they did help him
...great, Zecora has crabs. I'll have to get myself checked.
screw the rules i surf the earth
i remember watching this in the cinema
It's a parallel to his entrance in the first movie.
although WHY did they halp him is beyond me
haters gonna hate
I swear I'll be piss is Jhen Mohran isn't in there
CAPTAIN Jack Swagrow
*/)
He can sail on Crabs
everyone cheered and whooped at this bit
Too much swag, abandon ship!
ded crabs
well shit
You forgot one very important thing mate. He's Captain Jack Sparrow.
Boat
boat
OBAT
dat chinaman
Captain Jack Sparrow is, in fact, capable of sailing on land.
Boat....
everything is possible here
you dont say
Butt
LIKE A BOSS
....wat
Incoming
It's s a shi!
it is a boat
slap me what?
Dat line
:D
13OH SHIP
BOAT.
:D
NICE BOAT
/me slaps Mr. Gibbs thrice and hands him to Shizuka.
Jesus can walk on water. Jack can sail on land. Jack is the close relative of jesus
Mr. Gibbs!
Hide the rum
What the bloody hell is that ABOMINATION over dar?
I knew that.
?
Thats a big locker
:D
Nutter.
WHERE IS THE RUM
quite a locker
Hectah!
hector!
So Davy Jone's Locker is just a giant desert?
ohai Hector
Lolwut
Hector Barbossa.
Mister Gibbs, Marty, Pintel, Ragetti, Cotton, Barbosa and Zecora
Ya shot me
LAWL
LOL
lawl
my bad
DERPY
Hector?
lol
XD
dat Derpy
Also Will
Hector Barbosa
Now, careful now Jack!
jack is best Derpy
I expect Davy's locker to be that rainbow room from the Monkees
Smack him
a distress in damsel
QED.
Uh oh :D
Jack just don't know what went wrong...
Quod Est Demonstratum, sir.
Wait.. where actually is he? Im so slow
Malmortius: He's dead.
Owned
ooooooooooh
Malmortius: In Davy Jones' Locker
Wa-wa-waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
That's very kind of you to rescue me, but I spend my days with crabs :P
lol
Lol! :D
De bwedewehn cohte
Malmortius: where he stores the souls he reaps
Flying Dutchman
Oooh
LOL
She not told you
because Pintel and Ragetti are funny?
Bwedwin Coort
lol
wait four of them?
lol
Thousand Sunny > Black Pearl > Going Merry
Barbossa
You scare me
PinkiePieYoshi64: That boss was kinda annoying
William
who's the fourth?
you scare me
:D
lol
Good man
good man
that highest bidder
Serenity: yes it was, especially when you did the re plays with no health :<
:P
Jaaaack...
Jaaaack
Jaaaack
then 2 captains
Two captains are better than one
dang, his GPS has no coverage
/me repeats
No what ARRRE ya doin?
WHAT AARRRR YOU DOING
What aaare ya doin!!
NO U
why does asian pirate has spanish conquistador helmet?
ARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
what arrrrr you doin
jaaaaccccckkkk
what AAAAARRRRRRR you doin
RRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
ARRRRRRRRRR
Chartman.
ARRRR
chartman
xD
THANK YOU
NICE
:D
nope
LOL!!!!
:D
lols
bad move
i'm the only captain!!!
lol
Chartman
Malmortius: He sailed the ghost ship known as the Flying Dutchman.
He ded
Dat Fluttershy!
XD
0_0
:D
To ho ho ho.
Chartman is best superhero :O
Sumica: did the newsletter go out this week?
XD
lol
Chartmander
yay
Sumica: bc I don't remember getting it
De mbros
00,10It has not
Jack and Barbossa's face: "GTFO"
Its not the size that counts
xD
penis
Lawl
D:
lol
Sumica: dammit man!
dem act like childeren for the captaincy.
:D
haha
lol
its how you use it
Dat joke :D
dat telescope
Dat penal metaphor
11,01Lol.
...
XD
dat innuendo
Rimshot
LOL
jack has a tiny parascope
Suuuuuucks
ah the innuendo
ot#s funny because penis
bum dum tish
Lolol
drum?
that rimshot should have been in the movie
CaptainGanjalf: Evolves into Chartmeleon
Its not the size it counts, its how you use it
11,01Phallic telescopes.
they know this situasion from the Urinals
Castlevania...?
inb4 goddamit
Navigator_Vordox Castlevania?
i just cant stay up
Why not?
good night everyone! enjoy the movies!
/me evolves into Chartrizard
Why couldn't you tell him? You have no reason to keep that from him, you twit.
Guybrush_Threepwood: It...was 10+ notes from the same notes as a Castlevania song a few seconds ago
Oh damn
o_o
CriticKitten: too tired
Bitch
D:
Alchemist: Talking about Keira. :P
It's 12:48 here, I think he'll be in bed
Okay, can we stop looking at the boring actors now and get back to Jack Sparrow?
id slap that bitch across her fat face.
Oops, my nickname's still wrong.
CriticKitten: proves my statement then :D
DOLPHINS!
inb4 SHOO BEE DO
That's better.
no wait
eeyup
heh, my dad just got himself a copy of Oblivion
macawbree
Dat line of thinking.
LAWL
sea pony ghost
LOL
...
because hhis computer is too old to run Skyrim
05aaw their balls dropped
all the ded people
^
I LOVED Oblivian
Shoo bee BOO
Navigator_Vordox aww... I have it to silent to hear -.- I can hear every castlevania song by just a few notes XD
:P
11,01Right to puberty, suspended?
Skinram's crap, Oblivion is better
goodnight all
But he's been off doing other shit.
05see youre gettign the hang of it nitt :D
dat screams
BREAK ON THROUGH TO THE OTHER SIDE
Captain_Maid_Discord: maid hour, suspended.
Gnight Alchemist
Coxswain_Nrutas, hope he enjoys
O_O
So how did they just sail away off the island? i thought they were all dead
Fun fact, Calypso's sign is the crab.
Right to being able to suspend rights: Suspended.
Wrek: Right to try and force a meme, suspended.
Uh, miss? That is an assinine job.
Is there anything in the chat that's not suspended?
cool story, sis
/me 11,01dusts RAWRity
A Mon ster
Meanwhile: ...Meaningful symbolism, perhaps?
what a man
Oh snap :O
so...
Haha.
Manster?
IT WAS A ROOOOOOOOOOOOCK LOBSTER
no he wasn't always Japanese
once..... a man!
zecora
ROCK LOBSTER
dat Zecora
CriticKitten: he's spent the last 100 years working on his Cthullhu cosplay.
lol
OH GOD
jones and her child ... = Squidgirl?
THIS SCENE
dem sound clips
:)
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
zacora!
Thank You! That Zecora line made my day of this confusing film...
He used to be as tall as 20 Manwiches
:D
Dead peoples
Time to Loot?
11,01Come play with us.
shoot dead people to make them alive?
Man, good to know only white people died on boats back then.
NO :p
RAWRity: O R'yleh?
lifeboats :)
....I see dead people :(
Oh, this scene.
/me sees dead people
Captain_Maid_Discord: Forever and ever and ever?
so many dead people
OUCH
he ded
CriticKitten: Yog sogoth really
Icy dead people
Omg D:
i see zombies. get the 12gauges!
damn Jack being serious is a bummer
"My father is DEEEAAAAAD"
oh hai father
Guvernor....
Meanwhile: She's not there to be intelligent.
Captain_Maid_Discord: Come Play with us, Discord.... Forever..... and ever...... and ever.
0,14That's impossible!
Yeah, this is getting old,
NOT THE GOVENOR! HE WAS THE ONLY GOOD GUY!
11,01Yay! *plays*
the Black PPear is still rather broken -.-
xD :D
/me shoots PinkiePieYoshi64 and Captain_Maid_Discord
The dutchman must have a captain, just like there must always be a lich king?
the guvnor was the only nice british person
dem meaningful words
/me shoots Serenity
what if you blow up the box that held the heart?
there must always be.. a lich k, oh I mean a captain
^
HE WAS HE ONLY GOOD BRIT!!!
Agrold: That too
:'(
oh right in da feels
:'(
Lman: however was the one to destroy the heart would replace it
Jump
11,01Did her dad die last movie?
oh hi zacora
What happens if she left the ship?
Captain_Maid_Discord: He died a few minutes ago
Why no put hook on line?
Captain_Michael: Ahem, body armour.
i cant take the rope cause movie needs more feels
Captain_Maid_Discord: No, this movie
Captain_Maid_Discord, no earlier this movie
Captain_Maid_Discord he dies a few scenes ago off screen
Lol CriticKitten
ThePoniFromTortuga: she joins them in death
Captain_Maid_Discord: He died offscreen in this one
Captain_Maid_Discord: I think the trade dude recently killed him in thsi movie
Captain_Maid_Discord, they just killed him
Captain_Maid_Discord: I think the implication is that he just died offscreen.
She doesn't need a ship.... she doesn't need it.... she doesnt' need it.... SHE NEEDS ITT!!!!!! :O
goddamn calm down you barnacle holding sea wench
Ohh
6_9
Captain_Maid_Discord: this move, but wasn't shown
Him at Bees
11,01Oooooh ok.
waw'a
peace
No rum
/me shoots Serenity in the neck
why is all but the rum gone
rum is always gone
not the rum!
Why is the rum gone?
Why is the water AND rum gone? D:
and then it was gone anyway
Rum would actually dehydrat ou more
why is the rum gone
ITS ALWAYS THE RUM!!!
Yo, where da Rum at?!
NOT THE RUM!!!! :'(
Inb4 big wtf macuffin
XD
You Rebel Scum!
Anyway, enough RP because it's getting slightly over 1 line
Uh....miss? Shouldn't you know how to leave?
lol
FOREVERRR
his eyes!
FirstMateMaidkim, because everyone drank it all.
D:
Guys, have I missed the jar of dirt bit?
Up is down
Maddeningly Unhelpful
xD
Serenity: That was last movie.
Serenity: That was last movie
Serenity: that was yesterday
tiny jack
OH CRPA!
aww, tiny jack
hillucinations
He's dreaming again....
Son of a bitch!
i want a tiny jack
There must always be a lich k- i mean, a captain of the dutchma
which one's the good one?
Rum's good
rum <3
Rum is good
well if you're on top... you'll be facing down :S
Malmortius: Jokes already been made
and Salty Wenches
the right to wenches suspended
Salty Wwnches?
i didnt know serenity you assface cocknose
lol
Malmortius: Woah there, man.
Malmortius: Love you too
LAWL
WHATS THA!?
Talking to himself
<3
Best. scene. ever.
And now begins one of my favorite pieces of music ever
Dat sheep effect.
ROCK THE BOAT
lol
Jack is CUHrazy!
I love this bit
there cchasing season 3 spoilers
/me ties Wrek|Suspended upside down
ROCK THE BOAT
Dont tip the boat ova!
DAT GROUP SYNERGY
wooloooo?
Why doesn't he just say "rock the boat"?
>_>
Ew/
ewwww
I have to admit this movie does have ti's good parts
*plop*
O_o
EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
Poor optic nerve
AJ
why not Metal the Ship?
The people on the Boat go round and round.. round and round... round and round...
don't rock the boat
GREAT IDEA
Dat logic.
:p
Is that physically possible?
He's rockin' da ship:O
LOOSE THE CANNONS
brilliant
ROCK THE BOAT, DON'T ROCK THE BOAT, ROCK THE BOAT, YOU'LL TIP THE BOAT OVER!
Id demand more Guitars in my Rock!
best plan ever
Cypresswolf: it is with enough people
Barrels!
which they have
/me rocks the ship
let it shift
11,01When the boat is a rockin'...
lol
How did they even do that?...
Geniuses
Lol!
meh, wharf rats > bilge rats
cut all the things!
how did they even do that..
Dat preperations :D
they're out of water and rum what cargo dot hey have?
how'd they manage that?
Cypresswolf: not by running back and forth i think
LOL
HOw did they manage to do that?
Captain_Maid_Discord: Don't come a'-knockin?
not to mention the equiptment
WHY did they even do that?
So these two guys are the only ones who are truely right-side up
Barbossa's got kinda of a bum leg
its all about weight placement
how did they even do that
Meanwhile, They're like a pirate Bulk and Skull they are
Admiral_Otakon: Gunpowder, for one. Possibly food rations. Other sundry items.
MYTHBUSTERS! CAN YOU DO THIS?
movie logic, doing this IRL is completely impossible
epic
more barrels!
ChartmanFan: Indeed.
ded
They'll remain upside down anyway
Admiral_Otakon i do this all the time
He'll be okay
ooooo
OW
Is is even possible? and also, are they trying to tip the ship?!?!?
he ded
FATALITY
ownt
ouch
Do a Barrel Roll!
Cannon to the chops.
ouch
o_o
OUCH
That will HURT
this reminds me of the paser
crushed
poor bastard
FFFFFFFFF-
HOLD ON TIGHT, GUYS
Every ship has weights in it that prevents this from ever beeing possible
PinkiePieYoshi64, yes. Because it turns out the ship is upside down all along.
Oh damn
then they all drown :)
too soon
WelL THIS WAS A DUMB IDEA
This makes no sense.
:D
._.
Now the sun shall rise....
and then Will went the way of his father
Incoming mindbending awesomeness
6_9
epic
Admiral_Otakon: Too soon
yeah
dat smile of death....
seems legit
It made more sense in the lego game but whatever
A flash of green.
physics, how does it work
ThePoniFromTortuga: too soon? we just SAW him get dragged down by the cannon like Bootstrap from Pirates one
Puzzle Solved! Da da da DahhhhHH!
rise
Aaaand up we go.
zing
pirate physics
and they all get the bends
Aw snap
just like the Dutchman
like a boss
Flying Dutchman style
That makes no sense ._.
Admiral_Otakon: Truue
TADDA!!!
:D Nevermind the physics, Im wondering how they could all hold their breathe for that long
LAWL
Dat parrot
:|
Cypresswolf: easily that was only about 30 seconds
and now, the greatest stand off in history
Somepony save Bulk and Sku- I mean, Pintel and Ragetti
xD
They all used a Continue
well, since everybody else is changing their name...
LAWL
lol
/me pulls out the gun
the jetlag's gonnabe a bitch
haha
all the pistols
Parlay.
love this scene <3
hehe
:D
30 seconds my left foot :P
Dat monkey
.....idiots, you were all just underwater. The pistols are useless.
at least the guns aren't wet
hahahahhahaha
MY MOUTH IS FULL OF SALT WATER
:d
Mexican stand off
XD
*reaches into pocket* DAMN I FORGOT MY GUN!!!
Dat parlay
i never trusted that monkey:[
why has not wrek suspended mexican standoffs?
HAHAHAHAAH
ahahahaha
/me pulls out the guns
parlay
Wouldn't all the pistols be wet and useless?
:|
ALRIGHT
NOPE
should go what?
The parrot said Parley:D
AHAHAHAHAHAHA
awkward laughter
Hahahahhha.. what are we laughing at?
:P
:D
Hahaha
I. AM. PIRatey
More guns
Wet powder
fail
Fail.
DERP HERP.
I don't need De Lancie to tell me to listen to classical!
I KNEW IT!
awkward
11,01And then one of them fires.
Foiled by water
DERPY!
Jack's motivation is quite similar to Lobo's. huh.
nah
Bonk
genius!
haha
FAIL
Lol :D
lol
guns are useless
Swords should still work.
xD
less talk, MOAR VIOLENCE :[
get back to shooting
Well I hope some Chicago bronies can make de Lancie's concert then
HELLO :3
I told you you shouldn't have spent the ammo cash on Duff!
yeah no
:D
brb
OH MAAIII!!!
LWAL
hai sonicandmario85
Dat spyglass.
HAHAHAHA
LD
pfft
SIZE MATTERS MAN
11,01XD
:D
LD
dat ce;;p
dat telescope
Dat penis joke. >_>
XD
HAHA
Kandarihu|MaidsMop remember the 2nd movie? a swordfight would go on forever --.-
LOL
0,14...someone's compensating
*dat cello
goddammit
Da buck?
another genius idea
"Mine's bigger"
its raining outside right now rain=no more fire ban :3
Methinks he's compensating for something
LOL
Great joke :D
0,14for poor eyesight, get your minds out of the gutter
Size matters
Odds bodkins
brb need a drink
ded
no not Kraky :(
:'(
not the kraken!!!
:'(
poke iithsticks
Hey, it's the Kraken
not compesenting for anything is he
Craig, NOOOOOOO
:'(
AdmiralSaxy: It's kinda offset by the fact that it isn't straight, though.
IT WAS A VICIOUS KILLER!
Ikr.
poke it with Sticks*
>killed the best thing from the last movie off-screen
WELP
Free Kalamari!
But you know, too much dubstep.
Alas poor Kraken, i kne him well:(
Touch..... Don't touch!
CriticKitten: yh that pissed me off
NOOOOOOOO
whyyy, surumeeeeeee!!!! :(
Because if the tube isn't straight the telescope doesn't work.
IM SO HAPPY ITS RAINING OUTSIDE RIGHT NOW ITS A POP UP STORM
Touch....
11,01CGI kraken.
Well Japan is gonna be fed for a LONG TIME..... XD
D:
Dammit Beckett, it just wanted to be your friend
Poor Squidwards Great Great Great *3 hours later* Great Grandpa :(
Kraken Sushi!
Get the ink, we can make [*bleep*] out of it
eeyup
Pop music has recently become dubstep+. It infuriates me.
I would have paid shillings to see this die to. oh well
R.I.P kraken
the eyes actually should be gone by now
it was a great beast, or as the japanese would now call it: LUNCH
^yep
like the Kraken
now unlike g3.5 ponies, that kraken has a soul... you can tell cause of the eyes
I wonder if we could find Jack's skeleton in its corpse?
AYE
AdmiralSaxy, hold up, what
the eyes are what Seagulls usually eat first, because they are the softest part
0,14:3
AdmiralSaxy: apperently, but also British and mid-aged
Guybrush_Threepwood: apparently Kraken eyes are hard as stone
:O
Dat quote
dat quote
Guybrush_Threepwood, A FLOCK OF SEAGULLS, AND ALL THERE GREATEST HITS
lol navigator
The Admirality is here, ain't it?
xD
05capteeen
Like a Barbossa
BITH PLEASE
Capteeeeeen.
it's a trap!!
Welll goooood niiiight everypony.
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF-
oh crud
OH FOR GOODNESS SAKE
XD
dry powder
lol
Gnight Zanon
lol
Traitorous scum
Eyeroll
Oh shit....4
YAAAAAAAAA
BETRAYL:[
Conveniently stepping down
XD
is this a series?
Parlay?
Jack being Jack
gunter_the_penguin Betrayl count 1
In the LEgo game this never happened
/me wants to parlay
((BRB))
0,14Ra's?
ouch
OUCH
ow
*crack*
Betrayed me!
he probably deserved that
That noise, ouch
Sao Feng, that's his name
WILLIAM BUCKING TUUURNEEEEEEEEEER
OW
captain turner
:P
watabitch
Oh damn
You never learn do you Will
traitor!!
Sound familiar, bitch?
D:<
So when did Turner become a backstabbing dick?
eenope?
xD
/me raises hand
yay monkey
FirstMateMaidkim: This movie.
XD
the little guy's all you need
Them
he be with his Bros
....
/me raises my hand
yay
Is it...
yay xD
Him...
AWESOME TIMING
lol
I miss you, Jack
Best yay ever
no yay fluttershy
food?
welp more doublecrossing
rum?
Jack is hungry...
Is it Becket or Norrington?
he's looking for rum
peanut?
it's Beckett
yay
dat ponce
so much for his leverage
datleverage
leverage has been suspended
*put space in there
dam marines
dem British Long-Ships
was
key word
All the backstabbing.
inb4 poisoned wine
so much backstabbing
CriticKitten: ALL the backstabbing>
All the alchohol
yay, british XVIII c. Spy
I can'thelp but think of the outtake for this scene
all the betrayall
Navigator_magmablock: It's funny
aye
9 PIECES OF 8
So much backstabbing.
Betrayal Betrayal Betrayal Betrayal Betrayal Betrayal Betrayal Betrayal Betrayal
The only ship that can outrun the Dutchman
derp herp:P
all the betrayall
CriticKitten: and that's not even the half of it.
betrayal everywhere
STAB HIM IN THE BACK
Stabbed in the back, after stabbing in the back, while the stabbed was back stabbing.
Betrayed me!
Betral-ception
Backstab the movie
Betrayall No 34
Helmsmaid_Tovler what is a Paladin?
Stab ALL the backs
Meanwhile: Yo dawg, I heard you like backstabbing4
?
KIK
dun dun dunnnnn :D
Dun dun duuuuuun
:D
Calypso?
haha
:D
LOL
that dun dun dun
Guybrush_Threepwood: I'm not entirely sure
DUN DUN DUUN
XD
We have....a plot point that we didn't think it necessary to mention until now
Calypso?
old legend?
goddess
Helmsmaid_Tovler your knowledge of the land shall be great
CriticKitten: and then it turns out to accomplish nothing.
WHAT A TWEEEST
"an old legend" and what, the Dutchman isn't?
brb
Lman, touche'
CriticKitten: I missed it, waht?
*what?
:o
hwat
ALL DAT BOOTY!
CriticKitten: Was mentionned, a lot, never directly
FirstMateMaidkim: Calypso.
Guybrush_Threepwood: The Codex of Ultimate Wisdom?
Another backstab
back
derpy approves of betryal-ception:P
CriticKitten: What about her?
the compass
Meanwhile, ALL the backstabbing!
It was not a question.
THIS WAS THE PLAN ALL ALONG! TO TURN THE BRITS AND THE CHINESE AGAINST EACHOTHER!
not done!
I LOVE all these plottwists WITHIN 3 SCENES at same FRIGGING TIME
oh snap
Helmsmaid_Tovler I think that were all the Quotes :/ (I just renamed myself)
FirstMateMaidkim: They just mentioned her for the first time in the entire 3 movies.
COOL BEANS
tiny gun
11,01He's got a mini gun.
CriticKitten: and she ends up not accomplishing anything anyway.
We have an accord and a lexus
another innuendo?
tiny gun
boom
mmmcap'n Jack Sparrow
triple kill
u know right?
Backstab
11,01Suddenly, guns.
Hes very lucky that he doesnt get hit
And Jack walks out casually like always
FUCK YOU BRITS!!!!
eeeyup
I thought they had no ammo... :O
FirstMateMaidkim: Aye. It's basically "writers realized the scenario was unwinnable unless they had a god....so they gave the pirates a god".
lol
Captain_Striker: Yeah well fuck you too.
OH HAPPY FEET
Like I said earlier, this script needed to go to an editor and be rewritten to cut the fat.
:D
LAWL
WOMBO COMBO
xD
HAHAHA
lmao
oh look jacks doing an Indy ploy
Badass :D
escape like a boss
XD
This movie needs more Goofy hollers
LEEEERRROOOY JENKINS
lol
:D
dat ace landing
Bitches! :D
aaww Barbossa cares
impresive
Why is Jack so much like Pinkie
OWNED
1000 years dungeon to turner
Helmsmaid_Tovler: But the right to Wilhem has been suspended by Wrek|Suspended
nope
Dat mast.
fail
dat powdered wig
Dat reaction
Helmsmaid_Tovler, agreed
You can't.
not really
0,14sooo....
0,14not soon
Jack performs best when he's drunk/insane/etc.
lol
Troll
:D
SHUT UP!
how did he manage that
maybe the latter
that'll buffer right out
Impossible to say with Jack Sparrow. :P
Jack and plans? Naah.
Lil_B: hi there
Jack learned from the Indiana Jones school of planning.
Nic costume
11,01Asian pirates?
Ninja-Fou_Lou (I was Guybrush_Threepwood :P )
Lil_B: ohhh nice. didnt knew lol
eeeeeyup
and buffer
Asian Pirates? Now all we need are Ninja Pirates
Captain_Maid_Discord: Merchants technically, I think...East India Trading Company.
wait, why is she there? /me opens the PotCodex of Ultimate Wisdom
Captain_Maid_Discord: yes asian pirates. oO
Lol!
WRONG
Hows does make that connection?
:)
Well that guy, for example, did NOT follow the second movie's plot
I`M ASIAN
those nails
oh lord he thinks she's Calypso
I think POTC is good so far, even thought this being my first POTC movie
...wait
though*
Why doesn't Davy Jones know where Shipwreck Cove is?
dat sterotepical beard
Lol, they finks she's kalypso
:D
Isn't he basically the king of the seas, having sailed the seven seas for "eternity"?
lunas been sleeping there all day...
CriticKitten: he probably does. but keep in mind that it can withstand a barracade for years
Japan had no Fleet between 16th centoury up to the 19th century... nobody was allowed to enter or Leave Japan during that time, so no Ninja's here :P
fu manchu
CriticKitten: because he um...he hasn't visited in a while?
Davy isn't happy at all with what beckett is doing, critickitten, he's probably lying
CriticKitten, it's only for the PIRATE COUNSIL
O_o
RAPE
CriticKitten: He's not a pirate, therefore cannot be kind.
*king
ANGRY SEX
rape
lol
angry sex
RAGE SEX
FURY THIS
Oh damn
,OH!!
Cannonballed.
Lil_B: you think theyd find out if ninjas leave japan?
BOOM
how convenient
Instant headache.
HIS MOOOOOOSTAAACHE!
take THAT, rapist
OH MY GOD
0,14that's called karma
Well DAMN
I Have Fury!
Night everypony
oh damn
well that was surprising from a disney film
Ouch
Gnight Serenity
bye Serenity
omnomnom
dat must urts
all nine pieces of HATE
*hurt
Ohmy.
CriticKitten: eh, you'll see wether hes right or not then
I'm going away for 2 weeks to Scotland
The 9 Elements of Hatred :)
Captain Kiera Knightly. Damn, he must have been short on leaders to appoint her.
:D
SO that means that this will be the last time you guys see me for 2 weeks
0,14You are a pirate
I SHALL BE FEARED AMONG ALL THE SEVEN SEAS! My name is Captain SWAN! FEAR MEEEEEEEEEEE!
HE HAD DERP EYES
Serenity: Vacation?
:3
Ninja-Fou_Lou Ninjas can't build Ships silly :P
he ded
First female captain.
I AM YOUR BOSS NOW
Serenity, be sure to watch for some "Heeland Coos."
so he thinks slutty mc spread legs is calypso?
Nope
k, if you say so, captain
Serenity: About the same. Either way, have fun and enjoy yourself and be safe
Already other female pirate lords
best female captain
Who is that JAMES?!
Lil_B: but they can swim until china and STEAL ships
A women captain?! What is this black Magic?!
FirstMateMaidkim actually not... (Spoiler)
MY PARENTS ARE DEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD
6_9
I BLAME DAYGON
LAWL
Captain-a
HAHAHHA
ThePoniFromTortuga: Safe? Considering how armed I am, I think i'd be safer to NOT bring them >:3
Serenity, have a good one.
lol
well crap
lol
betraaaaayal!
her father is dead
buffer xd
lol
xD
Blame her
oh my
Oh snap
...er Highland Cows. When my family went to Scotland once that was how the tour guide prounounced it
Poor James..
Fun Fact: They were female pirate captains.
Serenity: lolol
Whoevers the captain has a big target painted on there back
what to do
Burn
0,14...he's Davy Jones, WHY he is taking orders?
everyone wants to fuck her
yes
eeyup
AdmiralSaxy: Because the company has his heart.
Anne Bonnie comes to mind
gotta say, dat trade company is epic for controlling Davy Jones like that
Nah... I missed a lot of the movie.
AdmiralSaxy: Tables have turned
AdmiralSaxy: because they have his heat
AdmiralSaxy: They still have his heart.
Yeah, Norrington, how dare you choose the side of law and order! You should be stealing from people for a living like me!
He's being forced to, they can kill him with the heart
AdmiralSaxy: you'll see soon
Hey everypony!
0,14ahh
AdmiralSaxy: the EIC have his heart
AdmiralSaxy: His heart is taken hostage
Hi Sabershy!
Bootstrap.
dat laugh
hai Sabershy
He is one with the ship
Part of the ship
the rest of the crew must be weirded out that she knows one of them XD
Howdy Savershy
Bra strap bonnie
this is towards the end isnt it?
Oh damn...
he knows her :O
ooohhh
Really?
no
shes jane
no way 6_9
No this is Patrick
FOREVER
FOREVERRRR
D:
:(
damn :O
11,01It's dear old dad.
Senility
he's too far gone
Amnesia much.
poor him
u know my name!
Losing his mind....
Amnesia
ahahah
I'm back
He's missing some brain coral.
It's like dejavu all over again
dat alsheimers
Daddy in the wall
Alzheimer much?
Oh that hurts..
I revise my what I said before... the rest of the crew doesn't give adamn
Captain_Striker: happens when you start to become apart of the ship
His harddrive must be corrupted
He's surprisingly selfish for a father.
CriticKitten: then i guess we have a major plot hole
Birdemic
poor bootstrap
Wb Admiral_Otakon
lol
:(
dem human breadcrumbs
NEED FOOD
Tennant?
Theres a spy on the ship
I missed half the movie thanks to skyrim.
Eh. Oh well.
05http://sphotos-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-snc7/s480x480/304676_183266495139804_1980673500_n.jpg
THAT DEMOMAN'S A SPY
i missed almost all of it :(
^yum
Wrek: And now I'm hungry for chocolate.
Wrek|Suspended: Whaaat? :O
Wrek|Suspended: Looks delicious
over the side
Wrek|Suspended: Is that yours?
11,01Wrek|Suspended: Yum.
Where did you get THAT?
Wrek|Suspended: yummi chocolate :D
o.o
lol he does though
damn jack's a dick
dat ironic statement
Wrek: Damnit stop it.. I haven't eaten in over 50 hours...
That's just torture
CriticKitten: so yeah, im right then. That set aside, Jones would be dealing with the pirate lords and all their crews
a brown keyboard would be pretty cool.
Chocolate
Image links while mom's watching the stream might as well be Youtube links.
Lawl Kandarihu|MaidsMop
Navigator_Vordox eat goddamnit!!! EAT! FOOOOOD!!!!
Lil_B: Can't
I cannot eat how I feel for this month
FOREEEEVEEER!
FOREVER
forever
COME SAIL AWAY
COME SAIL AWAY WITH JACK
Navigator_Vordox . _ .
So do your job or end up a squilliam?
Dat breath/.
dat breath
Mornind Breath!
O_o
dat breath
lol
Rum breath is SUPER EFFECTIVE
lol Jack
Betrayal?
*Morning
Breathtrayal
^
I HATE HIM
betrayed
CriticKitten: too bad Beckett has no idea where the meeting spot is in the first place
11,01Come with me and my giant hat.
well that flashback is over
Backstab
backstab a backstabber
lmao
James <3
Come with me if you want to live.
and then Norrington was a good guy again
/me got a giant hat
Come with me or I will make you come with me!
:S
good guy Norrington
Bootstrap Bill <3
crap
Bootstrap
It's not Norrington, is it?
Or?
IS IT NORRINGONT?
James Norrington!?
no it's Norrington
DAMN!, Too many wigs
and he's pissed that they killed the Governor
it's norrington
That Norrington is a SPY!
~~~no emotions~~~~
dat Fluttershy
yup
he's pissed the guvonors dead
DON'T KISS HIM, YOU BITCH.
obey fluttershy!
HE DESERVES A KISS
Norrington = Best character/Commandore/Pirate/Person!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What a whore.
ARE YOU A SPY!?!?
she kisses everyone
well damn
hells yeah!
ALL the kisses
After all that trouble he went through
kiss *all* the men! \o/
NOW LOOK WHAT YOU'VE DONE
She's the Yoko of the movies
Go, Dog, Go
part of the ship, part of the crew
Admiral_Otakon: lol
Damnit Bill
He's a loony.
Everyone she kisses dies
Anybody notice the connection yet?
he's broken
: (
and stab
Admiral_Otakon: /) for noticing
NORRINGTOOOON! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Well that was easy.
11,01Stab.
ow
stabzoned
ouch
General Washington, NOOOOO
Stabbedy Stab Stab
NOOOOOOOORRINGTON
D:
Admirals dead.
Everyone she kisses die
PIRatey: I agree
Admiral Norrington!
DO YOU FEAR DEATH?
I'll take that as a no.
Oh shit
No
tis but a flesh wound
Nice sword~
Fuck you
oh look that sword
Dat no
yay loot
Commandor Admiral Norrington... <3 You'll be forever remembered....<3
Admiral_Otakon, do you fear Shipping?
Nice sword
lol
I'm eating potato chips with mustard
PIRatey: yes
Loot?
tis a shame
nice sword, now is mine
nice sword
Admiral_Otakon: Good man
Mercer.
dat Mercer
the dodgeman?
"Right behind you."
DUN DUN DUUUUUUUUUUN
ahahah
Dun DUn DUNNN!
so much betrayal
see thats why AdmiralSaxy
0,14ah
Norrington reminds me of RainCloud
all the betrayals
everyones betraying everyone
The town of ship Wrek?
ARRRRRRRRRR
0,14XD
CriticKitten: why should he know about the hiding place? i doubt he was ever part of the brethren wasnt he?
xD
lAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGG
Larry.
lol
Meanwhile: The town of Wrek ship
And it lies beside the Sea of Shipwreck
I sense this place wrecks ships.
Larry
larry ¬_¬
LArry
Larry is best name
Wrek x Larry.
suddenly Larry
CriticKitten: or, maybe he knows, but doesnt know that the pirate lords plan to meet, and doesnt see a reason to go there. but then that means he would be in total miscommunication with Beckett :p
more Betrayels than Ultima 9 :) and that would be 93 XD
Admiral_Otakon x Larry
So much Wrek shippng in this movie
D:
and then dead
>mfw Larry became Lana
O_o
O_O
Dayum
Im going to make a drinking game of this - 1 sip for every betrayal in the trilogy, to see if its possible to get through
Zecora creepy
/me chugs rum
Don't you forget buffer yet
nine
/me chugs rum
and lag.......................
Fishwife
Cypresswolf: i think your gonna get alcohol poisoning
she be Calypso? No.... O O
MRs Fish
:D
Lil_B: Not all Betrayals are equal. SO the number would have had to be BIGGER!
mrs fish
Lil_B: yep.
careful, dont anger Calypso
All them bodies
how dare you
dat zecora
The buffer is a hostage http://i46.tinypic.com/440ud.png
You DARE?
Ninja-Fou_Lou: The guy who has sailed the seas for all eternity? The guy for whom the seas are named? And he doesn't know where the pirates meet? I don't buy that.
DAMNIT XENA WARRIOR PRINCESS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why are you using the MUSIC From frigging Xena?!
PUP
Larry = Luna
Comeback
I love Jones' emphasis on certain words and letters
sup
Pirate_Spectrum_Rush: maybe...I tend to stop with my vision is too blurry to see the keyboard
mmm tea
Ouch, lol
Sparrah
Cypresswolf: try that with game of thrones , you wont make it past the first season
Cypresswolf: good man
Let's all have a nice Tea-Time :)
no
05CriticKitten: well no one bothered to ask
/me sips tea
Lolwut??
No Rarity, no it isn't
no
wtf
O_O
Okay. The soundboard is getting out of hand.
....ahahaha
lol
CriticKitten: he probably knows the place. But doesnt know that it is a meeting place. And dont forget he knows the seas. Not the land. Would be easy to hide a base in some cove.
/me chugs rum
secrets and lies
05actually that was an accidental klick
not a Pelson?
that tea party
05but it wasnt too bad
Princess Celestial Seasonings
Lil_B: At least we are on the same review, no?
THEY CANNAUGHT
now he knows
See?
This is one manly tea party
tea party on the brit ship
He was around when they bound her. How does he NOT KNOW?
Dem angry tentacles.
CriticKitten: ok he knows.
betrayed me!
And then Davy Jones reveals it all
Emotional Crit!
SO MUCH BETRAYAL
Lil_B: You also waiting for "To Boldly Flee"?
shit son
0,14Bill Nighy, ladies and gentlemen
Shits going down
tea sip
all the betrayal
threw down the tea
This tea party is ruined!
I SLAP YOUR SERVCIE
I hadn't finished that.
betrayal, betrayal everywhere
This movie is full of backstabing
Zecora was into tentacles?
what????
>a goddess
So much betrayal, friendship doesnt run in there blood
>murdered
ChartmanFan: She's seen enough hentai.....
Davy Jones + Caypso = Discord + Celestia
Good luck with that
Pirates dont believe in friends
CriticKitten: to be fair, right now she's "bound in human form"
When did turner turn into such a fucking asshole douchedog?
...
Damnit Jack Sparrow...
CabinBoy_Sid: seems legit
Malmortius: 2nd movie
WHY ARE YOU PLANNING SO MUCH AHEAD?!?!??!
Malmortius: he learned from Jack
da compass
Malmortius: when he started learning from Jack
dat compass
PIRatey: But stabbing her in human form should free her, not kill her. ._.
Lil_B: because Spoony Left the site? Then you wait for the movie on TSE?
:o
Yo ho!
Aaand epic theme/scene
LOOK AT THAT FORTRESS
/me in Ship Wrek cove...
cool fortress
All together...
CriticKitten: no no, the only way to free her is with the 9 pieces of 8
And I owe them all money
lol
Well, that's a bummer
Dat ball.
all the money
/me chugs rum
well that won't help
Wait.
A French Pirate Lord?
Dat stache
lmao france
NOPE.
Captain Joker?
Somali pirate lord
9 pieces of whatever we happen to have in our pokets at the time... ¬_¬
^
Very piratey
more then a kint broke
Not piratey enough
It's lgit
11,01A French maid pirate lord?
lol
The Nine Pieces of whatever
:O
LAWL
HAhahah
Captain_Maid_Discord: no just french
PYRO IS SPY
That Pirate has style
Wait, how did Regetti get they eye? He's not a captain
chekovs eye much?
Bloody-
My stream froze :(
Ah, there we go.
BITCH
Saurfang is death?
BITCH
stab the world!
ThePoniFromTortuga: he's jsut a storgae compartement
DERP.
A woman captain? BLASPHEMY
que la manden al diablo!
betrayer!
Dark_Horst: lol
Hahahaha
:D
Hahahahahaha
har har har har
Lil_B: SpoonExperiment Website.
hahahahahahaaaaaaaaaaaaaano
>well supplied
HAHAAHAHAHAHHAHA
hello
a fortresss
You're fighting the entire British navy, YOU MORON
Pirate Fortress
yeah well all fortresses eventually run out of supplies
They could blockade your entire cove
CriticKitten: im pretty sure they realize that.
And you'd be screwed. >_>
mMMMM
Nice eyepatch
eyepatch
eyepactch emergency
Swagpatch
:D
twilight_sprinkle: Apparently that Pirate Lord did not.
Barbossa
POKER FACE
you serious?
CriticKitten: they must have a good fortress.
RABBLE RABBLE!
Shoot him! :D
ahaha
lol
wara wara wara
XD
Bonk
Im with Jack on this one
Dat accent :D
twilight_sprinkle: Good enough to survive against the entire British navy at this time period? Yeah no.
Pirate Political Rumble!
FIGHT!
Fight Time!!
Flame war
11,01 Fight!
fight
mob time
fight
THIS IS SPARTAA!
politics
/me smashes a barstool over Admiral_Otakon's head.
Bar fight and its all captains doing it
Hahaha
/me joins the brawl
Madness?
Bronystate in a nutshell
politics...
05so that is what is goign on in parlament!
average day at 4chan
Spartajoke.jpg
THIS IS POLITICS
This is our government at modern
dat quote
to bad all german Pirates are occopied with the Hanse :/
politics is the same in every way of life
new meme
Meanwhile, in Bronystate
CriticKitten: well if the navy is forced to send in by small portions then maybe they can
^
Yo.
Meanwhile on the Black Pearl
creeepppyyyy
we need Pony Time
/me in the brig...
meanwhile on the internet
I want a music box like that...
:'(
pirates need ponies
CriticKitten: and even if they could...The navy could afford to play the waiting game at this point. Plus, they have Jones and the Dutchman.
Wrek|Suspended: na theyre just sitting there drinking tea while going "HMPH!!!!" To each other :P
Lil_B: did we even have famous pirates?
With Nier Song...
Meanwhile: Dat use of your name :D
I want that locket
I seen enough hentai to know where this is going
:D
CriticKitten: you cant know what resources they have
O_O
lmao Darf14
twilight_sprinkle: but you can knw that they have Jones, and Jones don't fuck around.
CriticKitten: maybe its a huge udnerground base
CriticKitten: i doubt they are in charge of the entire navy.
twilight_sprinkle: Their supplies are irrelevant. The British navy is the largest navy in the entire world at this point in time, there is no way in hell that the pirates could outsupply them. >_>
Ninja-Fou_Lou Störtebecker kinda, but Karibean Pirates are more famous
twilight_sprinkle: regardless, the navy could afford to play the waiting game until the Pirates starved
CriticKitten: I don't think EIC control ALL the british navy
^
so, anyone else getting lag?
was anyone else not able to join?
kinad
le gasp :O
O.O
HOT NIGHTLY
for like 30 mins
suddenly human
11,01Tentacles disengage.
not bad
:O
transformation!
Admiral_Otakon: is there any real hatred for this movie?
since when did she have the power to do that
CaptainGanjalf: Actually? According to the world they're establishing in this movie, they pretty much own all shipping and supplies, so they have as many navy ships as they ask for.
11,01She found the "Tentacle disengage" button.
Woo, nice looking mad if you get rid of the outrageous beard
twilight_sprinkle: so that means the Pirates would be well and trully fucked.
Captain_Maid_Discord: what every japanese girl needs
Bronysith: not really
man*
lol
SON OF A BITCH LAG!
awkard
lol
Speaking of hilarious buffer-related shenanigans
Fail
fail
:D
Terminator 2 moment.
hax
win
ANGRY SEX
Admiral_Otakon: i like this
noclip 1
wow
Haxor!
its stuck
wallhacks
haxx
http://tinypic.com/r/wc1gmu/6
cheat!
why doesn't he always do that
^
Captain_Maid_Discord: Oh come now captain we all know what we think when we see tentacles :P
alexxm he is a lazy guy.
You bronies and your tentacles. SHAMEFUL.
ya know
<3
aww
on second thought: maybe it's exhausting/painful?
If I did I don't recall doing so. Interesting freeze though. :P
05now his balls have dropped too
WHERE IS PINKIE PIE
Back at Bronystate
Jones has great taste in women
wow, long flame war
/me throws shity all around the chat
dem fight
im back :3 i was playing happy wheels
those balls
0,14hahah
Wrek|Suspended: Balls, everywhere
Boons.
Wrek|Suspended: IM TRIPPING BAWLS OVER HERE
Actually, maybe it was RAWRity.
yay Boons
:D
FirstMateMaidkim: SHAMEFUR DISPRAY.
Lol :D
Barbetos so not using your wall passing through powers is laziness
Bab's boons.
Utterly deceptive twaddlespeak is best speak.
I love this scene
balls of steel
needs more Boons
I'm eating potato chips with mustard
Cuttlefish are best fish
....
Cuddlefish!
But whatever, I laughed for ten minutes straight when this happened.
Barbossa got BOONS OF STEEL
Cuttlefish
hi everypony :)
The Chewbacca defense
Navigator_magmablock: Cephalopod actually
hai Tyler_The_Creator
Hello Tyler_The_Creator
cuttlefish
Those gaurds
Hello Tyler_The_Creator
*guards
Cuddlefish are made to cuddle
XD
twilight_sprinkle: It's not an underground base, they showed it earlier. :P
Silly Jack $:3
CriticKitten: it might go underground.
speechcraft level: over 9000
twilight_sprinkle: they'd still run out of food eventually
lol
Dat tennis.
05he did naaht
Have Not!
He must be the ancestor of Alex Foley
O hai Mark
Have not!
CriticKitten: like i said, you dont know their resources, the movie sets a rule that its huge. you cant argue with a rule of fiction
Have so!
He had nawy
nwat*
twilight_sprinkle: They're facing the largest navy in the world and the supernatural powers of Davy Jones. They have *no* chance of holing up in the fortress and surviving.
have not infinity
Gaaah
The room is full of epic beards
aye
AYE
aye
we must fight!!!
they're more like school children than pirates
DA ROOLZ
Nay
AYE
Where's Loofy?
Da code
pirate king!
:O
It's a pirate room, of course it has many epic beards.
CriticKitten: rule of fiction
Incredibly awesomeness incoming.
0,14...Pirate King?
and then, the best cameo in the film.
FATALITY
ded
lol
ded
The codex of ultimate wisdom?
ded
HOOK
Old Pirates vs Modern Navy QUITE FAIR
ded
enter the badass
ded
Keith Richard!!!!!!!!!!
alexxm: Isn't politics a metaphor of kindergarten?
That Black Beard
Enter Captain Teagu4e4
Sparrow Senior? He's badass.
0,14and suddenly
black beard?
Aaaaawkward...
Captain Richards.
dat Keith Richards
Watch out guys?
code is serious bussines
Hehe jackies dad
Thats what happens when you disobey the code :O
CaptainGanjalf good point
0,14the most drugged out man ever
Daddy Jack
twilight_sprinkle: No, they're using the real world and a real time period, they play by its rules. Their fortress does not outsupply the largest trading company in the known world. >_>
Dat music
hey daddy!
Jack's dad
Black Beard's the villian of the Fourth movie isn't he?
THE COE4
big book
Da Rulez!
The Code.
ChartmanFan: Yes
huge book is huge
the code... Konami code?
Dem guidelines
The CoD(Call of Duty yearly release book)
Sea turtles mate.
doggy!
Doggie
0,14...Codex?
lol Doggy
puppy
0,14Altair wrote that :3
LOL
Sea turtles
CriticKitten: yes, a real world with undead world, squidmen, giant kraken, magic compasses
/me glomps AdmiralSaxy
BARK BARK
AdmiralSaxy: from the makers of "dude wheres my jacket" comes the new exciting sequel, "dude wheres my code book"
Sea turtles
0,14XD
Admiral_Otakon: see dog is main Protagonist
mate
yes he is
And thus the faq page was referenced, and upon referencing it was found that he was in FACT commiting an bannable offense.
AdmiralSaxy: Altair was a Pirate? :O
twilight_sprinkle: I see you don't recognize the difference between pure fiction and fiction based on reality.
Parlay.
Eulshy:Call upon the sea turtles when your in distress..
CriticKitten: plus, fi becket sends word back that of all things, they have a way to wipe out piracy in the carribean? The queen will fucking throw every ship they can spare at him.
XD
0,14indeed :3
Did someone said "Parlay"?
IT BEGINS
/me 11,01votes
lmao
Lil_B: Actually the Codex of INFINITE Wisdom.
/me votes
I vote for ThePoniFromTortuga
/me votes for CaptainGanjalf
OH SHI-
LAWL
ooooooooooooh
XD
Sparrow hax.
CriticKitten: sprinkler will never concede an argument. Trust me. he'll just keep going until he says you don't understand what you're talking about.
Dat stray note
*doesnt vote*
dat loophole
DEMOCRACY!
oh no he didnt
CriticKitten: and so they added a secret organization of pirates with a goddess, same rule of fiction. just because its not entirely fictional, doesnt mean they arent allowed to add secret pirate bases
trololololoo
THey mad
Oh, Jack. Never one for Politics.
TODAYS world
LAWL
hah
4chan
11,01*sproing*
UMADBRO
WHUPS
LOL
Teague is one scary captain.
OOHHH burn
0,14Keith Richards is pissed
lag lag lag on the stream
dat authority
0,14he will smoke you
Permission to go against the code. Suspended
it always happens to me
Let me fix that for you captn
Don't make Keitch Richards mad...
Meanwhile: Teague is awesome
0,14and then snort your ashes
^
Nice voice...
:D
11,01XD
:D
lol
lmao
Dat voice
:D
Navigator_Vordox, more like a republic. They're voting to choose a leader, not voting on a collective decision.
:D
Jack knows how to play the games.
AYE!
dat voice
AND SO, WE SHALL GO TO WAR
:P
XD
that voice
:D
:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D
lol
0,14ahahahahhaha
TO WARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
twilight_sprinkle: Given that you don't understand the nature of fiction, you're hardly one to discuss its rules. :P
Elmo is a pirate now?
11,01He sounds like a Monty Python character.
WhaT THE FLYING BLOODY SHIT?!!
LOL
Oh yeah true point
He IS that manliest one there just btw
Jack, are you startin'?
war
AdmiralSaxy: then piss you out and inject it into his veins
wut
LOL
elmo is best pirate
Stop startin'
Start stoppin;
JAckie
War, war never changes...
Shrunken head.
Dat mom
dat mom
Mommy!
Best mom ever
o_o
It's his mum
Eye twitch
:D
lol
mom
0,14TASANSA
CriticKitten: you just cant prove your point.
0,14*TSANSA
where's my mommy?
i sure of that
:D
"Are you my mommy?"
yay its his dad
AdmiralSaxy: KAPLLAAAA
are you my mommy?
Wrek|Suspended, are you the one streaming this?
twilight_sprinkle: No, I proved my point, you're the one having trouble coming up with an excuse. :p
YAAAAAAAA
here we goe
1 ship?
NOPE
twilight_sprinkle: more like you will adamantly refuse to see anybody's point in an argument, and will just say "You don't know what you're talking about."
FTW
0,14no, the shruken head is known as a Tsansa
ayeeeee
Well...balls.
Nope
:O
O-o oh
YEAH!!!!
05Lasharus: as stated by the desktop pony
05yes
get shat on by England
If so, could you tell me how much longer 'till the movie's end? I'm kinda tired as all hell, but I also kinda want to see this to the end. :P
Hory SHEITT!!
oh shiet
RUN!!
Bravado fail
You're doomed.
:O
Bronies Vs. Anti bronies.
damn
aw crap
oh shi
RETREAT
that is a lot of ships
Smart Bird
11,01Well well well.
RUH RO
BLOODY TRAITOR PIRATE
Lasharus: 45 mins or so
Abandon thread!
PIRatey: are you shitting me? shes the one saying that!
abandon ship!!
YOU DAMN COWARD PARROT!
SAIL AWAAAY!
Epic music time
We're screwed
UK navy has still no chance :DD
twilight_sprinkle: The British navy and the might of the largest trading company in the existence of history are better supplied than a small fortress run by what the movie itself identifies as a "dying breed".
suddely western
Right to parlay...SUSPENDED.
THERES TOO MANY HATERS
smart bird
Parley
dat music
dat random Sandbar
Cowboy Pirates
Dat guitar
Western Music?
Suddenly Western Showdown
on a very small atoll
dat guitar
Lol Jones
05right to bucket of water... suspended
dat accordion
Spaghetti Western on the high seas... or on a small island.
If a tribe of Vikings where there, they would take ALL OF THEM!
CriticKitten: the point is that there would tremendous losses
Otherwise the would meet by row boat
dat bucket
ah the bucket gag
twilight_sprinkle: So unless you can come up with a location where these supplies are coming from, you're the one lacking an excuse. :P
Fair enough Wrek|Suspended. Still, how much time left on the film? Because I'm really not sure whether I'll be awake 'till the end of it :P
IN A WESTEND TOWN
nice solution davy xD
THose hax
lmao
Remember he can't set food on land
MUUIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIISIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIC!<3
11,01Right to a sand dune, suspended.
the buckot
dat jones
I got a bucket o' water, I got a bucket o' water I got a bucket o' water~
Wrek|Suspended bucket of water < Jar of Dirt
/me has da bucket
Dat loophole
jones is not ammused
Right to EVERYTHING, suspended
twilight_sprinkle: and Becket wouldn't care. He'd have wiped out piracy in the carribean, the largest issue for the British empire at the time.
Will is a SPY!!
Dat raised tentebrow
Actually it's a barrel half
Mexican Stand OFF
twilight_sprinkle: Uh, and they care why? We're talking about the destruction of every single pirate all over the entire planet.
Right to a showdown at high noon...suspended.
This scene....isnt right :D
twilight_sprinkle: HE'D BE FUCKING KNIGHTED.
CriticKitten: its fantasy, they found an island, made a base with a bunch of resources
What would happen if Jones did step on land?
Turner is merely a tool.
dat tentebrow was damn funny
AWKWARD
BUFFERRRRR
lol
twilight_sprinkle: They would be happy to sacrifice as many men as possible to end all piracy ever.
twilight_sprinkle: >_>
lol
THat tool
If Jones stepped on land would he burn into fried calamari?
FirstMaid_Cratorkid: he just CAN'T
twilight_sprinkle: Beckett is even established as that sort of dick.
FirstMaid_Cratorkid: it's not a matter of just doing it
as a start
FirstMaid_Cratorkid: he is completely incapable
LOL
CriticKitten: and what about other countries? and its not like pirates are a race you can kill out, they can appear again. so theyd still need their fleets, and if their fleets are weak theyre vulnerable
MONKEY
Undone!
King
Admiral_Otakon: your thinking of FirstMate_JESmith67
power abuse
King!
King
FFFFFFFFF-
its good to be King
Kiera be king of the pirates, she's gonna be king.
FUUUU
11,01King queen pirate lady.
Feck your codes, I have King
Blaggard!
king: i got the powwaaa
YAI-YO YAI-YO~
well he got the piece of 8
Oi, seems TS has started a hubbub about movie logic again.
YAOI
O_o
Whatadick
wut
Beckett: lolNOEP
Do you fear deatha?
Davy is not happy
You have /no/ iea
:D
Jack needs an adult
CriticKitten: SET SAIL FOR OOOONE PIECE!
dar buffer
do you feeear deathuh
right to serve on Davy Jone's ship - sustained indefinitely
Pirate_Spectrum_Rush: Jones IS an adult
twilight_sprinkle: Uh, these are the nine Pirate Lords from all over the planet, dude. Have you been paying attention? XD If he kills them all here, there are no pirates anywhere anymore. EVER.
Only most of you will die
"tonigt... in the bedroom... just me and you Sparrow"
ofc
Do you fear death HAW?
you murderd my father
TS can't help but argue and then say "You just can't prove your point" for whatever reason his flawed logic decides.
Just throw sand at Davy Jones!
11,01MAFIAA vs. Pirate Bay?
twilight_sprinkle: So why wouldn't he happily sacrifice thousands of people to accomplish that goal?
CriticKitten: ...pirates arent a race, peopel can always become pirates again fi they want
PREPARE THE CANNONS!!
13nuh uh
You...Will.... Die.... You, are weak.
CriticKitten: not ever but piracy(and the freedom it represents) will be effectively squashed out
lolnope
13EITC said so
Aaand Jack's back there again
I get what Sprinke is getting at- even without leaders Piracy existed, it still exists
But seriously, movie logic.
Ah this scen
Shizuka: EITC?
Does not NEED to make sense.
and then the hillucinations begin
I haven't heard all of the argument, though
dat clones
Aww yeah crazy scene again
HE'S GOT A GODDAMN PLAN!
East India Trading Company.
EITC.
ah
twilight_sprinkle: Yes, they could. But what moron would choose to be a pirate after Beckett kills ALL of them?
Oh damn
TS twi Sprinkle ?
D:
ewwww
braaaain
O_O
dat coral Jack
CriticKitten: and, like i said, there are other companies/countries that would take advantage of their weekened state
Brainn
dat brain
Mmmm brain
no don't do it
brain brian brains
Uh...ewww
0,14ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
The Jack has been tripled
yummy
O_o
Yup
o_O
ew
"Ooh, peanut"
EAT DAT BRAIN
peanut.
peanut
BRAAAAAAINS
damn, i'm eating
twilight_sprinkle: In this time period there aren't any other companies or countries at that level. >_>
FirstMate_JESmith67: You mean Quad?
WTF
CriticKitten: there will always be pirates, theyll find a new leader if they want
11,01Well, that trade was for nothing.
peanut > brain
never paid attention to it ._.
now the movie gets to the scene that ruined it for me ...
and then they released her
Wait.. I blacked out.. why was there 3 Jacks and a Brain?
The stream derped and I didn't catch the other
DAMNIT
CriticKitten: well if most of their fleet is dead after the raid, then their level will be a lot lower.
13PinkiePieYoshi64: new sitcom
Oblivion!!
twilight_sprinkle: what's the discussion about?
STOP USING Xena Warrior Princess theme Hanz Simmer. D:
twilight_sprinkle: far easier to destroy short ived single pirates than to destroy an entire culture.
Shizuka: Makes all the sense I need xD
twilight_sprinkle: Did you look at the size of their navy?
Well, the East India Trade Company needs competition, not for all of their wares to be stolen.
You'd think that Mr. Gibbs would know.
05how romantic
I love this part.
Piracy mihgt continue, but it would never reach anywhere near the size or influence it holds right now.
Lol!!
ooooooh~
XD
OOooooo
Vivix|Stuff: basically shes saying that the ficitonal idea of a pirate base able to withstand the company fleet is impossible
uhuhuhuhu
Calypso I release you from your human bonds
Und dann crew adequately mirrored chat
So romantic
Naughty
AWWWW YEAHHHH
twilight_sprinkle: They could obliterate the pirates with a navy half that size.
0,14...
Wrek|Suspended barbossa is that smooth
yeah no
gonna be a dud
Nope
0,14dude's got the romantic feel of abrick
Fail
13right to say your lines right
13suspended
Barbossa is no good
Wrek|Suspended: i release you from your human bonds
nope wrong woman
Dat romance ;)
Right to your false eye, suspended.
Hm..
This dude knows how to romanticize
Awwwww....
and then Ragetti was awesome
The whole Piracy = Internet Piracy comparison breaks down when you realize that these pirates are STEALING goods whereas internet pirates are COPYING stuff.
OH MAAIIIIII
Inb4 ROMANTIC MOMENT
i dont know a brick is pretty romantic
CriticKitten: like i said before, if their fort is such a shape that it bottlenecks ships, it wont help
11,01Right to have emotions, suspended.
smooooth
His only real importance
looking for logic, madness
Dat face
gasm
Ooooh
AND I JIZZ IN MY PANTS
raggetti got that SWAG
welp that was a seagasm
da yO face
Captain_Maid_Discord: i release you from your human bonds
0,14...wow
le gasp
OSHIT
twilight_sprinkle: Yep. And you know what that means? It's also easy to blockade.
he was and is a genius
DId it suddenly get wet?
0,14eye guy's got a soft side
he did come to some use
Captain_Maid_Discord: I belive the statement about condoms is next?
snif snif
BREATHE THE SMOKE
Dude has some romantic powers of speech.
she probably just gets high by Sparrows Hair :/
oh my
The chat is so fast- and my stream is off
welp this won't end well
f
AdmiralSaxy: eye guy gets all the wentches
Dat realisation.
burn
Level Up!
pieces of eight smoke, don't breathe this
Nice hit
0,14he does
RAGE
BITCH IS SCORN
there we go :rollseye:
davy jones?
RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUN!
Davy Jones and then RAGE
Nym
Aw shit
rageeee
INDIANA JONESES BRO
RAGE
NOOOOOooooooo
not enough rope
we're gonna need more rope
She mad?
Dat's a HUGE BITCH!
THIS IS IT
RAAAAAAAAAAGE
Attack of the 200ft seawitch
Why did turner just do that?
CriticKitten: now blockading mightve worked, that i agree with. but they could withstand an attack
And then Zecora became a God
Rage Mode, ACTIVATE!!!!!
We're gonna need a bigger boat
She-Hulk
11,01ThePoniFromTortuga: Wut?
MAKE MY MONSTER GROOOOOOOOOOOW
Attack of the 50 foot women
http://cheezburger.com/6490602752
oh mai
did they expect that?
ooh kinky
Wrek|Suspended: gonna do the blooper reel at all for this one?
Captain_Maid_Discord: Oh you'll seee........
A giant Zecora? ...ME GUSTAAAAAAA
LOOK UP HER SHIRT
Zecora is evolving!
what?
call godzilla!
This too is my fetish
Malmortius: to make her mad at jones so she will smash the others
Bondage fetish
Malmortius: Calypso intended to destroy the Pirates for imprisoning her, but now that she knows it was Jones who showed them how her rage is wild and unaimed.
Where's the Seaponies?
that big womabn
0,14...Kinky.
*woman
Enay-cha
ALL THE ROPE
woah
I am again reminded of the outtale
i wonder how many people would fit up there....
outtake*
Death by Snu-Snu?
AdmiralSaxy: Down, boy!
Tyler_The_Creator there is a Fanfic about Zecora Growing Giant :/
CriticKitten: *visible*
0,14Not my thing personally =P
11,01Lol.
Dat squee.
Dat squee
Here's the fun part
CriticKitten: could be reefs
dat duee
*dquee
squee
nee
squee
Squee
lol
oh shit
RAGE!
very good fitting
LOL
SQUEE
zuuls back
see told ya she had crabs
She mad
and then she turned in to crabs
right when she was smiling! :D
umad
And then Captain_Maid_Discord wil know why I said the importance of---OOOH THERE WE GO
the hell is she saying?
Crab torrent.
any idea what she's said?
FOR SHEEEEEEEEIIIIITTTT
the fuck is she saying?
ZECORA NOOOOOOOOOOOO
suddenly CRABS!
also, suddenly crabs.
all the crabs
FUCK DA BULLSHIT
She did have crabs
shrimp for everyone!
EVILLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
CRABS
ENEMY CRABS!
Baaad case of crabs
0,14I couldn't hear that
RAWRity: AHJKGLDF;HGJKLR;HJKL;AQ;
"ALL SHALL LOVE ME AND DESPAIR!"
betrayl
The crabs!
Things just got real crabby
twilight_sprinkle: Crabs.
Ew.
AIM FOR THE WEAK SPOT FOR MASSIVE DAMAGE!
CRAAAAAAAAB BATTLEEEEEEEEEEE
and then everypony gets crabs
0,14man, I guess you could say
DAFUQ?
Talk about a snappy personality
twilight_sprinkle: Alright, let's assume there are fortifications. What stops the navy from landing elsewhere on the island and going the long way around by land?
/me puts on flight goggles
hiya AdmiralSaxy what's up mate?
http://cheezburger.com/6483728128
11,01ThePoniFromTortuga: I see.
I know what she said!: "You're... going to LOVE ME!!!!"
AdmiralSaxy: she was kinda crabby?
That's the problem with giant women. If they have crabs EVERYPONY gets crabs
well, crab
twilight_sprinkle: Since it's an island and all.
dat crab in the pants
they got craps
Well, she IS crabby over hearing that Davy Jones betrayed her.
0,14she's got a bad case of the crabs
he had crabs in his pants
/me hits AdmiralSaxy in the face with a plank. "Pre-emptive nope"
AdmiralSaxy she crapped herself?
nothin
Or has it
welp we're boned
Right to make jokes about crabs...suspended.
Bronysith: exactly
not quite
Da Hat is the only hope
/me blows through chat taking all the hats with him
AdmiralSaxy, you just HAD to, didn't you?
0,14Yes.
inb4 silly speech
0,14Yes I did.
favorable wind
He's dead! Jim!
/me sighs at AdmiralSaxy.
CriticKitten: did it have any place to land far enough from the fort? i dont remember. plus if there are deep reefs, then it wont help
Captain_Maid_Discord: See? The condoms statement.
condoms?
AdmiralSaxy: noticed how the eyeguy played the part as the lover... and then he had a crab down his pants :S
Incoming epic setpiece
/me 11,01dusts ThePoniFromTortuga
:S
EPIC SPEECH INCOMING!
kiss him
Soap box
0,14eye guy's gotta pick his lovers beter, Pirate_Spectrum_Rush
for the Rum!!
LISTEN
TIME FOR BATTLE!!
/me vaccuums Captain_Maid_Discord
/me listens
FOR PONIES
This is like that scene in Deep Blue Sea
AdmiralSaxy: aye that he does XD
twilight_sprinkle: In theory they have enough ships to surround the island, then land enough troops to swarm over the pirates. They'd have the advantage on land, too.
Moral increased on only one ship
how an they all hear her? on the other ships?
Die for ponies.
0,14SHE'S ACTING AT US
0,14RUN AWAY
/me 11,01is clean!
All the other ships are freaking out
LilB
free bronies!
I'M ACTING
I heard you own swag
Helmsmaid_Tovler: no shark in this
/me hands Captain_Maid_Discord his signature laser feather duster cutlass rainbow dash
freedom
A shame that they gave Kiera Whiney this kind of role. She's... well, boring.
WATCH ME ACT SO HARD
Tyler_The_Creator yes?
Indeed.
AdmiralSaxy: She's good in this movie...
Lasharus: I thought she did well
Quite the monologue, thar.
I heard you own swag.
Right to give inspirational speech, suspended
11,01Thanks Bronysith
yeah shes no pirate king
Oi, no need for screamin
INSPIRATIONAL SPEECH ACTIVATE
I see she's quoting barbossa too
/me blastes chat with fire hose
CriticKitten: like i said, i dont know if theres a place they can land properly
remember that mashup of ALL the great speeches like these?
HOIST THE COLORS
Aye!!
She didn't do too badly Admiral_Otakon. She's still boring.
For Equestria!
Mel Gibson would be proud
Hoiste the colours high, motherfucker
DOWN IN FRONT, BOOO
Right to hoist the colours, suspended.
/me hoist the colors
13FOR PONY
Aaaand, bookends.
OHANA MEANS FAMILY!
HOIST THE JOLLY ROGER!
FOR THE RUM!!!!!!
like i told you. favorable wind
FOR DERPY!
raise the flags!!!
wind is...best defence?
FOR EQUESTRIZ!
FOR PONY
FOR PONY!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Right to flagship, suspended
FOR EQUESTRIA!
Tyler_The_Creator Me Swag? I do not think so XD
CriticKitten: plus maybe they have such a fort that they can withstand it, like with a bunch of shooting positions
hoist ALL the colors
FOR ASGARD
FOR RUMM!!
Her voice must of carried really well
:D
HOIST THE COLORS
for equestria!!!!!!!!!!!!!
For Bronystate!
FOR LUNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Hoist ALL the colors!
twilight_sprinkle: It's unlikely the entire island is impossible to land save the one bay. :P
Rom The rum!! :[
Because... today..... IS INDEPENDANCE DAY!!!!!!!
/me hoists the colors
Now remember that we're supporting the /pirates/
/me hoists the colours
so varied
FOR OUR PONY OVERLOOOOOOOORDS!
I LOVE BASED GOD
11,01MAFIAA v. Pirates.
:D
0,14Make sure the colors fit
FOR THE WALRUS! FOR THE EGGMAN!
TO BATTLE!!
so varied
FOR EQUESTRIAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
Fun Fact: These are mostly ACTUAL pirate flags
ONE PEICE!!
ARRR!!
FOR PONIES!
HIGH HO TWILIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Look at that. All the pirates are pumped
"hoist the coloureds!"
YAR MATEY!
FOR SQUIIIIIIIIIIIDGE *hides under the ground*
The sea used Tail Wind. A strong wind blows at the back of your pokemon team!
FOR RUM!!!!
I still call bullshit on the French Pirate Lord.
/me hoist the Equestrian FLAG AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY
Hey, I know that red skelleton flag
i was under the assumption that pirates didnt have colours
and suddenly, "Black Pearl" is apt
and veyr racist
Did i've seen Blackbeard's flag?
No one woman should have all that power
Then the French Pirate lord runs away
As Richard says FOR PONY!
CriticKitten: aaand whats wrong with a french pirate lord?
Right to tea parties, suspended
dat tea
for bronies, for liberty, for equestria!!!!!!!!!
/me drops a cinderblock on ThePoniFromTortuga.
Meanwhile: do you like tea?
tea timne
Stop hating on the french, that pirate lord rules
Admiral_Otakon: I do.
hmmm
dat signal
twilight_sprinkle: He'd run away. :P
No quarter given
Call the kraken
figth agaist haters, fight for your rights
oh gog
CriticKitten: that joke is stupid.
and he knows
/me is safe from cinderblock*
how do they have a favoruable wind when it was on the pirates side?
He knows
twilight_sprinkle: NO U
he knows
its a battle but only 2 ships fight
Aw sheeyut
RAAAAAAAAR.
RAAAAAAAAAAAAGE
FIGHT, FOR YOUR RIGHT, TO POOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONY
11,01Sex waterspout?
READY THE CANNNONS
Rawwwrrrr....
rawr
RAIN RAGGE
cant tell if rain or tears
Oh, guys, worth noting that Calypso actually DID do something here.
0,14RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAG
RRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHGE
She's pissing on them o-o....
Deadlypon3: you called?
The Pearl vs the Dutchman.
Franek12354: what about their right to hate?
Increase your stereosounds kids! IT'S ABOUT TO GO TO EPIC METERS!
TO WAR!!!!
and lag............................
W-Wait, NO...
Bad sign!
They both have a favorable wind, if you listened.
goddammit
PONIES, TONIGHT WE DINE IN HELL.
MAAAAEEEELSTROOOOOOM.
who cares
NEVER sail in a thunderstorm
omg
Calypso's setting them both up with an optimal scenario.
yeah two favorable winds means it's a waterspout
MAAAAAAAELSTROM
CriticKitten: What, so she's going to smash them both into the whirlpool?
Hard Mode activated
Behold, the most epic setpiece in the history of ever
RAAAAHH
maaaaelstrom
dat Maelstrom
CriticKitten: French pirate's Jolly Roger: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Green_flash
0,14MAIL STROM
I it be truuue?
Daamn it, Deathwing!
Why is there no Femaelstrom? /tumblrfeminist
Translation: "Bitch. I thought you would never ask."
FirstMateMaidkim: She's giving them both an even field to do battle in.
N°alstr/om!
When did we get to Azeroth?
lol
FirstMateMaidkim: she's basically leveling the playing field but wan't to kill them all off if she can.
Hey guys
CriticKitten: French pirate's Jolly Roger: http://wwwcdn.net/ev/assets/images/vectors/afbig/waving-white-flag-clip-art.jpg (my bad:$)
oh look its the maelstrom, so theyre somewhere between the Eastern Kingdoms and Kalimdor
hes high as fuck ;p;
CaptainGanjalf: LOL
The reason there's a maelstrom? Because Calypso is now angry at both sides, and it's a fairer fight in the eye.
Barbossa is best captain
HA!
CaptainGanjalf: lool
dat mealstrom
11,01CaptainGanjalf: XD
fun fact, this more skill than it looks like
GET REAdy the cannons
Those jokes about french people running away are getting old >:C
Well if Calypso's doing it then it is a Femalestorm
Boatskate boarding = FECK YEAH
CANNONSAAAA!
11,01Activate cheats.
THE TRIPLE GUNS!
much better
Those cannons are still bullshit of the most hilarious kind. XD
"You afraid to get wet" taunted me into buying a lot of backyard water toys.
fireeee
Narolas1: ikr. and they were never that clever to begin with
NOCLIP
NEIGH!
How would those even fire? XD
Right to make French people jokes suspended
Neeeigh
sudenly gatling cannons
I say, those Cannons are just sweet :D
Like a BarBOSSa
How would you reload them? XD
11,01Cut across the water tornado.
im exepeccting the wilhelm scream soon
hey everypony :)
Bronies VS. Anti bronies.
oh great
They fire by way of pirate magic!
I'm back from dinner............i know we're watching Pirates 3, but i didn't actually seen it.......can anypony tell me how Captain Jack Sparrow ''returned from the dead''??????
hai BronyInstrumental
Best kind of magic
as of now, both ships should be fucked
twilight_sprinkle: They've always been amazing in wars, they just lost WW2 and that has been following them since
an action scene...
Tyler_The_Creator: too bad the navys ae the antis
i'll be back when this silliiness is done
Wb Captain_Dark92Enigma
CriticKitten: each is individually loaded and the recoil powers the rotation through gears
Jaaack~
wait what? shells?
Ya :/
Tyler_The_Creator: So Maelstrom = flame war?
they have shells??
Leverage!
Them Jacks
so many Jacks
XD
Leeverage
correct
I am so fat, eating potato chips covered in mustard
LEVERAGE!
WE NEED MRE LEVERAGE
all the jacks!
LEVERAGE
hes gone insane again
all the clones
*more
Coxswain_Nrutas: Shame, you're missing Jack being insane.
Right to talk to yourself, suspended
LAWL
Leverage saves the day
Narolas1: i know! people are practically joking about that because France actually cared enough about its people to avoid a massacre
that first movie recap
my brain
Also, callback to first movie.
Drop meh brain .3.
Brain
the JACKS HAVE BEEN MULTIPLIED
O_o
leverage!
lol
LOL
0,14and then Battlefield Leverage
I dropped me brian
I dropped me brain
lmao
Narolas1: Wat. The French have lost a lot of wars, dude.
HA! Comedy!
xD
:D
i droped me brain
Best quote eva
Leverage of the Caribbean
They've also won a fuckton CriticKitten. :P
CriticKitten: are you british?
THEY NEED MORE LEVERAGE
funny, i dropped my brain as we- Durrrrrr!
"Nobody move...I've lost me mind."
Right to leverage, suspended
CriticKitten: and also there was Napoleon
WAIT FOR IT!
Guncolt_somuchpony, ThePoniFromTortuga, you two came SO close to a +K
FIIIIIRE.
Now a full out cannon fight
Inb4 Leverage/10 :D
Lasharus: Yeah, like that one time they beat....themselves....
FIAYH
FIIIIIIIIIREEEEEEEEE
FIIIIIIIIRE
FIRE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
FAIA
fiiire
FIRE!!!!
FIYAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
ThePoniFromTortuga: ^
Does anyone here have enough seniority to tell me what Battlefield Leverage is? Because I have no bloody clue.
RAWRity: You know it
Fiyah!!
FIRE
FIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIRE
Fire!
CriticKitten: BAck before WW2, the french actually has a reputation to be amazing fighters, in terms of win/loss ratio, the won waaaayyyyyy more than they lost, and i'm not making that up.
FIRE!!!
HOLD YOUR FIREEEEEEEEEE
/me 11,01fires
FIYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
WATER!
THE ROOF IS ON FIYAH
we get it.. FIRE
what's a+k?
FIRE!!
FIRE!
Everyones like "FIRE" and turners just shouting "AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH"
MY PEG LEG
twilight_sprinkle: And Germany had Hitler, but Germany's record ain't so great either. :P
CriticKitten, you're just prejudiced. :P
^
Hai Cookie
Once upon a time there was a movie. And it had leverage.
/me fires all the cannons
WASSSUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUP?!
Will is scared
Lasharus: I'm an equal opportunity hater.
because Leverage is best old school meme
OH!
Kandarihu|MaidsMop: Wat does +K mean?
That is why all we hear is AHHH!1
It's those two guys!
The old myth that the French are legendary losers is a fairly big myth. :P
CriticKitten: "record"? its fucking wars, its not some sport with trophies
Narolas1: the Polish held out for a month against the Germans on HORSEBACK against tanks and artillery.
...Okay.
And it had so much leverage that it outshined any leverage that any other movie had.
These guys...
RIGHT TO WILHEM, EXPELLED
I wish that guy is my bus driver...
I was referring Captain_Striker's comment, btw
lol
CriticKitten: and tell me, are you british?
RACIST
these two guys again
Not those two again :D
Oh these idiots
And now it is spoken of only in hushed tones around fires in open air.
CriticKitten: well, last time it took the whole world to beat germany
xD
The French as losers is an old, annoying meme.
:D
man what bakas
this bit feels forces
These two :D
the fish people
DONT REFER ME
Bloomin fishpeople.
LAWL
And what movie was this
dem fishmen
racism
MONTY PYTHON
You gotta be fucking kidding me
RUN
?
that guarding
Sneak 100
DECEPTION
LMFAO
:D
Ruuun
Well, problem solved
fail
NOW YOU DONT NEED TO GUARD IT
Speech 100
0,14and then we go into Seinfeld mode
Dark_Horst: Actually, that was the case twice. :P
Battlefield.
Admiral_Otakon: Sure, doesn't change anything about the french. They surrendered, the temporary leader was a coward and a twat (and they all hate him), they also avoided a massacre considering they were losing.
CriticKitten: see?
HOLD FAST! SECURE THE RIGGING!
Or something.
ThePoniFromTortuga, whatever was the last thing said won't be displayed if someone else says the EXACT SAME VERBOTEM phrase.
OH MAAIIIII
These two are idiots, how did they get promoted
RAPE
OH GOD THIS SCENE
ded
oh yes
....ew hentai
He's fucked
KILL HIM!
Oh damn
KILL HIM!
he's getting all Japan on him!
Seen enough hentai to know where this is going.
RAPE
kinky
O_o
Those two guys are the real reason why everything plays out the way it does in this movie.
RAPE
and betrayal!
and then this happened
YEAAAAAAAH
o.
o_o
dat tentacle rape
ouch
Oh my
Meanwhile, in the face?
ewww
gigity
Kandarihu|MaidsMop: Okaay then. I've seen it a few times myself
Meanwhile: Pervert.
o.o
proper skullfucked
RAPE!
D-Did he SWALLOW it?
i'd buy that for a dollar
DAT LEVERAGE
OH GAWD
What the fuck?
Kandarihu|MaidsMop: Right in the face.
that was one nasty kill
I've seen enough hentai
O_O
All of you are perverts :S
^
ohai sexy
he got his key back
O________________O
ThePoniFromTortuga, it's happened to me a few times too. Always funny.
that's not Tentacle rape, that's Tentacle deep throating
11,01Eulshy: Winner!
Booirrd
well.......that happened
Fly-yah
yay :D best line in movie
Dark_Horst: I still have fun making those comments anywys. :P
*anyways
How is this Disney again?
Captain_Maid_Discord, what do i win?
epic
HA!
He stole his heart
EPIC
like a boss
Parkour!
Wait how.
Jones is hax.
11,01The satisfaction of winning.
hax
Hax
What's a+k?
and then the leaning was USEFUL!
WAAAA
Part of the ship, remember?
damn
CriticKitten: so you complain about the second Indiana Jones movie being racist, while make french people are cowards jokes?
he got up there fast
He has hax
HAX!
I have to admit, the people behind these movies know how to use CGI to their advantage
dat fight
There goes Jack being Jacket
Pirates are OP
I LOST ANOTHER PEG LEG
Deadlypon3: yes they do
Jack*
twilight_sprinkle: he's making that joke sarcastically.
...they are just shooting into the holes
hackers expose rarely :)
I like that the music is the song they thing in teh beginning :) just epicerised
impossible swordfight
Deadlypon3: eeyup
*hole
Unlike...starwars
Needs more Wilhelm
Good morning
Fighting atop the masts.... very classic pirate battle...
they sing*
Dat crewswap
Ugh, and now ts has jumped on the French Surrender jokes. Man, he really doesn't miss an opportunity.
Unlike Star wars, which doesn't use it for crap
/me throws Striker another peg leg
twilight_sprinkle: You're looking for every opportunity to try to dismiss something I say, aren't ya? It's getting old, dude, honestly. :)
They missed a real opportunity for the Willhelm scream there
RaveSwabbie: Wilhem has been suspended
This movie answers the burning question taht the previous movie introduced, Black Pearl vs Flying Dutchman, Davy Jones vs Jack Sparrow. Who would win?
welhelm
sooo strange... the ropes, where did they hang from? The masts werent even close
RAWRity: *she and im getting the feeling she isnt.
ThePoniFromTortuga: Nooo! :D
It does it quite well I might ad..
add*
XD
Incoming best marriage ever
Nothing liek the present
GREAT TIMING WILL
now?
dat Wedding
NO
RaveSwabbie: This was declared eaaarly in the morning
hi
Well Woman ALWAYS want a great proposal timing... WHY CAN'T YOU EVER BE SATISFIED WENCH!?!?!?
/me fights the fish people
Pirates vs. P-p-p-pirate Ghosts!
could be a worse time for a proposal
ThePoniFromTortuga: True :D
best wedding ..EVER
wonder when shining proposed to Cadence?
Best. Marriage. Ever.
wedding while fighting? is that possible?
:D
They need a porper Captain!
twilight_sprinkle: Call it a hunch, but I'm gonna go ahead and say that CriticKitten does not hate french people. Just saying.
twilight_sprinkle: I'm terribly sorry you can't tell the difference between a joke and a comment made in earnest. I shall do my best to teach you the difference at my first opportunity.
BEST
I LOVE YOU
I HEARD A WLHEM
Lolwut!?
WEDDING
AHM A LITTLE BUSY AT THE MOMENT
NOTHING LIKE A WEDDING DURING A WAR
best wedding scene
Quick_Thinker the MOMENT he met her.
EVER
Best wedding ever
Barbossa is so op
twilight_sprinkle: Until then, I suggest a new hobby.
RAWRity: i mean she made the joke fine, but shes actually defending the joke itself
A wedding while fighting? WHAT WONDERFUL FANCY?>Hedonismbot
dat Multitasking.
XD
BETROTHED ME!
Dis wedding.
I love Barbossa in that scene
i thought the Canterlot weeding as the best weeding?
we need some melody ...or rather theme to that :)
:D
lmao
:D
I WANT TO GET MARRIED THIS WAY
Barbossa is best preacher
Right to mid battle wedding - Suspended!
Great!
Barbosa kicks a lot of ass in this scene
:D
/me slice fish man in half
I want nothing more in life then to have my wedding exactley like this.
Buffer!
best wedding ever
GREAT
Admiral_Otakon: this is how i want to get married
This is the best kickass wedding EVer
/me shoots more fish people
Best couple ever?
Inb4 nope
Admiral_otakon Barbosa didn't kick a lot of ass in the 4th movie
Best wedding evarrrr
maybe
I do!
WHAT ABOUT THE CANTERLOT WEDDING
killing spreee
That is what I want my wedding to be like :)
THIS IS FOR MY PEGLEG* STABS BRIT*
TRAITORS
Barbossas having so much fun
Quick_Thinker: did the canterlot weddin have a swordfight?
Barbosa did the pika boo I kill you!
no?
You may now kiss the bride.... but watch out for the 20 swords coming at you.
Admiral_Otakon: kind of like a dothraki wedding, where there is plenty of death
Deadlypon3: fourth movie was a prequel IIRC so he was younger then
QED.
Very techinical move
Quick_Thinker cantaerlot wedding had no Pirates
0,14okay, while i may not like Swann
0,14damn
I've seen few weddings more awesome, but several more climactic.
Admiral_Otakon No.
No wedding like a Dothraki wedding
