NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Eeyup. Cellphone detonator
NOT ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sumica, don't you mean Jacks abdomen? :P
OH MAI
NOT ME!!!!!!!!!!!!
NOT ME!
oh my
Not really MaxTheBrony.
NO.
inb4 twist
Derp I think you're right don't cops strip search suspects
/me smashes his own head against the computer screen in agonized rage.
You just had to put Oh my.
This bit gets me
YAY
HAHAHAHAHA That disappointment in Rachel's face
YAY
;_;
Batman wouldn't have know.
NO! NOTE ME :]
Yup! He switched it up on them
aww
Nittany_Discord :p allrighty
rachaellll
RACHEL
RosePetal: no The Joker lied
05,15Maggie Gyllanhaal nooooooOOooooo!
*Deep Breath* KABOOOM
:(
NO! NOT ME* :[
ded.
Dammit Bats, you had ONE Job!
RACHEAL NOOOO
;_;
SHUT UP FLUTTERSHY :(
:(
._.
Oh man! The look on your face when you realized, Rachel! :D If you could only see it... Well, I mean, you probably can, there's still a few pieces over there... >_>
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Some-boom
ded
NO
NOOOOOOO
dayum
someBOOOM
13she just can't quit oil
thats abitch
Ded
00,10inkBot, I am jacks explosive indgestion.
Rachel is ded.
~yay~
:(
:'(
:'( NUUUUU
Critical!
Some...times life will just gob on you.
>: D
;________;
Sumica, XD
NOOOOOOO D:
2 face
Thus TWO FACE was Born
NOOOO! :'(
Man.
tough luck
D:
inb4 burnt faceman
:'(
thats gotta sting
oooooodat plot thikins
YAY
YA
:'(
asian guy
Now I wont's know what she was gonna say..
If there's one thing I've learned from BMN, it's that Fluttershy has a very sadistic and cruel side.
Ah, I see. 2 Face... this time without the acid
Hello there
I'm sorry, but I can't even joke about that scene. You realize how horrible that would be?
Foal_Brovakiin, :D
xD dat yay
SHUT UP FLUTTERSHY :(
Batman... Batman!? BAATTMAAAANNN!! http://derpy.me/W3gW1
<= <3 that shot
wee
13saw a video about how they worked on the effects for that fire shot, and how it was hard to make it realistic because fire shouldn't do that
Haha he is like a dog
13and it still fails
grief, who the fuck is driving
Kandarihu: yeah origin is akin to TAS
"I'm like a dog chaising cars..."
Joker- "Weeeeee. . ."
HOW IS HE DRIVING FROM THE BACK SEAT?
I mean, ugh. ;_;
http://i170.photobucket.com/albums/u243/jorge1087/GIFs/joker_clap.gif
Batman is sad.
:(
D: this part is so sad :S
Yeah I was saddened by this scene
No your not Racheal
thats pretty extreme
Joker wins, Flawless Victory!
Okay, I cleared my cache. I deleted my cookies. I refreshed and refreshed and refreshed. I set the local storage to unlimited. The ping, the download, AND the upload speeds are great. WHY DOES THIS STILL ajkSDKFJASDKLGJKSDLGJKLSDFJKALSDF
Joker's like a dog riding in a car.
he was jelly?
magmablock: haha
And very suprised
....god, that devestation
haha
01,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: In this film, Dent's face is destroyed by an explosion from explosives and mixed chemicals, a concept closer to the Animated Series version of Two Face.
he was jelly
Now they will never be together forever........
magma: lol nice
MrBen: do you have adblock enabled?
friend zone
"Rest of my life with him"
Batman is sorrry :(
SLENDERMAN
otakon: I do.
:(
Guess she kept her word.
MrBen: firefox?
01,11DERP: Lawl
Indeed
It kind of is true thought
Pfft.
otakon: Yeah.
harvy should have smiled
;_______;
Rachel. Single handedly destroying the two man trying to save gothem
it would be per
otakon: Should I try Chrome?
MrBen: odd must be servers on your end
:'(
MrBen: no
*perminent
Dat name
God that was sad
men*
MrBen: YES
Its getting late , Good Night guys , have a pleasant evening and enjoy the movie everypony :)
#applejack
night MaxTheBrony
13the movie comes to a screeching halt
otakon: Probably. This is the third week in a row this has happened, though.
01,11I'm sorry, but I've always seen Rachel as a complete and utter b**ch.
Night MaxTheBrony
NigHT< MaxTheBrony :)
Goodnight MaxTheBrony
Bye MaxTheBrony
Moar blaming the Batman by Alfred
night MaxTheBrony
Goodnight MaxTheBrony :)
Night MaxTheBrony
sweet dreams o3o
MrBen: odd it might be interference. do you have wifi or wired?
Silverscreen pft. women.
Gnight MaxTheBrony
Silverscreen: Preach to the choir on that one
Endure
What is the second movie
otakon: Wifi.
.....nope
half-to-hell
Alfred.... ;_;
13are you leeching neighbor wifi
:D
did she say she was goignto marry Harvey or Bruce?
Lol
NOT THE TREES
MrBen: might be interference or just hiccups
otakon: I'm thinking its that. I AM in the basement.
We put some candy under a box... :|
Shizuka: why do you keep bring that up?
Silverscreen: I thought she was abit annoying in this movie. Which is why I enjoyed that drop in her face when she realizes she's not gonna be saved
THE MIRRIOR!
his whole head would be bandaged
You know, I really LIKE that story.
MrBen: yeah that might be it actually, try to buy a stronger adapter
The thief story Alfred gave.
MrBen: urrr I mean a stronger antenna
:(
dat silent scream
not so h4x anymore
He gave teh coin to her
Suddenly earache.
now all we need is riddler and croc
MOOD KILL!
Wait. Se had that coin last.
before they got captured
How did it end up there?
Revealed!
he KNOWS without being told
otakon: I know what you mean. Either that or a range booster, but I'll look into things.
there's too much cuts
Who did that!?
that guy is a true hero!
no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no Harvey don't cry.
Barbetos, batman
MrBen: yeah a range booster would be a good idea
Two Face
Harvey's gone.
RosePetal: he can't, the tears ducts are burnt off
this won't end well
05,15"Give it to me straight Shepard, how bad is it"
Lol!!
otakon: Because out of five bars indicating max strength I'm consistently pulling up three instead.
Indeed.
otakon only one tear duct was burnt off
two tone
5-face
SAY IT
Fluttercry: "well, you'll save a fortuen on chapstick!"
MrBen: it's just fluctuations is all in your IP. What is your IP?
octaface
o.o
o_o
2 case?
SAY IT
SAYET!
SEGA
Say it
*Insert Background Sweet Tooth Laught here*
SAY IT
SAYIT
0_0-
SAY IT
o.o
What? I coulnt's understand you.
SAYA
SAYAIN!
SHAY ET
he's gunna be cute now. on his left
SAY IT
Hello TWO FACE
Say it, say it out loud
otakon: I'll PM it to you.
http://www.tickld.com/images/content/26048.jpg
REVEAL IT
I feel so sorry for the poor guy. :/
13someone forgot to texture the other side of his model
SHOW MEEEEE.
Briiing it
I love how they tease us here. "Show us his other side!"
MrBen: not your address, your internet provider. Comcast/Verizon that lot
Pfft. It's not so bad... A little skin cream witll clear that right up, I'm sure... >_>
Look at the scars.
uhh...
WOO
01,11Fucking awesome.
agreed
EWWW
bones?..
o.o
and then THIS
Flutterercry Hell Dent you were always ugly slap some faceplant on and no one will tell the difference
WELL
ewww
otakon: Oh. Charter Communications.
his face is awesome
that....
he'ss so half cute
How'd they do that
yay!
otakon: Sorry.
I was expecting make-up. Wow
show us the nasty side
That was some damn good makeup
They did such a great job with his face.
wait were those bones? how is that even possible
and thats when 2face is bourne xD
CG
Epic Red Skull touch
He really shouldn't be able to talk with that.

Well his face burned off what did you think was gonna happen?
Meanwhile: Ikr?
One of the best Twoface designs I've ever seen.
Two Face's design is pretty awesome in this movie.
that looks worse... better than TAS
all dem moneys
That bed of money
nice
Never really liked how clean cut the two faces were in other incarnations
Whee, that looks like fun.
What sick man would destroy half of that chin?:( Oh, right...
Meanwhile: In theory, the jaw is only part of his ability to speak
actually the exposure of his eye worries me
that money pyramid
moneh
Ryunosuke: well TAS is STILL a kids show
All. That. MONEY.
weeeeee
Thats a lot of money
and all that money was spent on dents face
also, im back, but im reading that fallout equestria fic; Murky Number Seven, its pretty good, like really good. give a good insite into the psychology of a slave
the first non-duck to slide down money
I guess the Joker put a smile on half of Harvey's face
Let's keep that side out of the light.
13whoa whoa whoa a briefing scene that doesn't begin or end with LISTEN UP PEOPLE
That can pay off student loans!
Meanwhile: So he could, but he'd struggle with the words that require jaw movement and lip accents.
NOW BURN
otakon: It didn't, actually.
so im going to be absent
I dont get it
HEY THATS ILLEGAL
I'm gonna burn the money u mad bro?
I kinda liked the Cuban guy.
MONEY IS EVIL JOKER IS RIHT
I love how he says "GasoLEAN"
01,11pony_300: I didn't find her annoying, I found her to be pretty damn shallow and backstabbing. She SLAPS Bruce in the first movie and chides him for being a shame to his family name, then when she finds out he's batman she refuses to be with him because he's focused on trying to do the right thing. THEN she goes out with Dent WHO'S DOING THE EXACT SAME FUCKING THING only on a legal
That was real money they burnt too
BURN ALL THE MONEYS
1,11basis, and claims she'll marry HIM despite promising Bruce they'd be together once he retired the Batman persona. What. A. Fucking. Bitch.
MrBen: check it again, it'll tell you your provider in the lower left of the screen test
Gas isnt cheap
Well... Except for gas... 6_9
You've never played black ops?
Dat bunch of blue
my room glowed blue
True, never thought of it like that.
GUYS NINTENDO HAS GONE FUCKING INSANE!!!
13today i learned silverscreen doesn't understand women at all
13batman is a security risk
otakon: One step ahead of you.
:'(
Joker burning a lot of money.... meh our goverment does the same thing
05,15It was never about the money!
that lights quick
Shizuka: lol you all are a tricky lot you know?
Darf14 indeed xD
THIS TOWN NEEDS AN ENEMA!
01,11Shizuka: She openly tells Dent "if they're not shooting at you, you're doing the job wrong"
£OAD$A MON€¥ burnin'
13protected only by concealing the link between batman and bruce wayne
It was all just paper anyway. Now shiny yellow rocks on the other hand…
The climax of this movie is AMAZING
Silverscreen: LoL, hahahaha wow. Didn't realize that
IT'S ABOUT SENDING A MESSAGE
No one understands women
I bet this is going to b a dumb conversation.
It's about sending a message.
Darf14, quite the opposite, and that's a bad thing
Oh dear.
Nintendo will release DLC for fucking new super mario bros 2 :/
And then his dogs were no longer HUNG RAY!
13because they're shooting dent, not her
Everything burns
lol
101
Everything burns..
boring
Goddammit Heath WHY WERE YOU SO AWESOME!?
Reese is screwed :D
But.... I'm pegasister though to be fair.
13if [insert bad guy] makes a connection between bruce wayne and batman, and you're going out with bruce wayne, who do you think they'll go after to get to batman?
"Welp, i'm fucked."
This world and all you hold dear, exist only to burn :[
DON'T THINK OF THE CHILDREN!
oh god that scene
cachi01|phone: WAIT
I'd happily Kill that weasel Reese anayway
his grandma?
I MEAN THINK OF THE CHILDREN.
Lunac: yeah
I'm not surprised that the Joker would be the type to burn millions of dollars... I AM a little surprised all the gang members helping him are though. :P
cachi01|phone: DLC for NSMB2?
GO GO GO!
01,11Shizuka: Wait, so you're saying it's a risk that she goes out with Bruce Wayne, who NOBODY knows is batman, but it's NOT a risk going out with the District Attorney who's Public Enemy #1 for all Mob Bosses.
WHAT?!
AJIsAwesome, yes
AJIsAwesome, ikr...
GO!
Silverscreen Exactly!
..................*sigh*
13considering batman attracts people like the joker
13yes
Listen to that baby roar!
13escalation
DAT SEXY CAR
OH GOD DAT CAR
The more danger the better.
13but don't let me get in the way of the sausage fest
no
Abandon the hospital now!
dat sexy otakon
um
01,11Shizuka: How would anyone know she's with Batman when nobody realizes Wayne is batman?
*cargasm*
BroPonyMEDIc prone to exploding though
Shizuka: dent also attracted the joker
AJIsAwesome, nintendo is turning to shit what if the next thing is dlc for zelda?
why do i keep thinking about that YT vid about a guy in a lambo wearing a batman costume?
05,15Also, take into consideration killing a DA's girlfriend is a lot worse than a crazy man in a suit
How many more hours? :|
Get those people out of there they are gonna get blown up.
you haven't seen a picture of my have you spiritwaffle have you?
I have call of duty 4 modern warfare but never actually played through the game
Wtf?
05,15So it does make sense
cachi01|phone: I REALLY hope not.
i dont care
youre still sexy
spiritwaffle: lol
13it's cute when guys try to figure us out then get all mad when they're wrong
yeah you have to play black ops to understand it
The irony in that comment
Dat theme song.
It's cute when you think you're that complex.
Shizuka: dammit stop being so mysterious!
01,11The only thing the public would see is the DA's assistent dating an extremely eccentric and extremely stupid rich man.
damn shifty ladies
:D ^
oh alright
I'd say they have 60 minutes to fake Reese's death.
^^
I got it Shizuka is...... a Genie!
bye Lyra` take care
:o
01,11If anything, she'd be SAFER dating him.
That explains everything. :D
oh hey i found a vid calld bill nye aciejce style lol
Fun Fact: Bruce Wayne is driving Lamborghini Murcielago in that scene: "Murcielago" means "Bat",
Honestly I think Rachel likes being with the more dangerous of the two. Its more exciting, and makes her eggs drop.
Women like us are complety odd.
watch out
Shizuka a girl in here?
That medic is a Spy!
But they are charming.
*GASP!* Shizuka IS Batman! :O
OH SHI-
me cosplaying joker : http://sphotos-d.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/408745_350511171629128_218035374_n.jpg
._.
HELLOOOOOO NURSE
SPI.
Yeah this bit
Silverscreen: true, as she said, his place is the safest in gotham
:D
Poor guy
thats hot
Ohai joker
Dat sexy nurse
:O
Dat good.
Actually I have Shizu's back on this one. That....makes a lot of sense to me. Batman's criminals are at another level compared to those that Harvey would naturally attract, so comparatively.... >_>
RAMIREZ!
05,15Agreed CK|Ded
Hai
HAI
Hi
hey joker, arent we pretty
Goddamn he MUST be in pain
13dent uses spaz, it's not very effective
ohhhhhz e___e
very hot
Hai
xD
hawt
Still makes no sense him not killing him here
hai
OH MAI
OHAI
Hi...
hai
My friend LOVED Joker in this scene because of the dress
hai
05,15Neither is particularly safe, but Dent is safer than Wayne
wouldn't Dent's left eye dry out
:$
Shizuka: no Thrash, which does damage to him
Joker STAHP the Fangirls are gonna start shipping you too together.
01,11CK|Ded: again, how the f**k would she be in danger when NOBODY figures out who Batman is?
his hair isnt much different
RACEAL
13dent has the backing of the law, batman has only himself
RACHAELLLL
AlienWarhead: maybe
RACHEL:[
RACHEL!
AlienWarhead: Probably hurts like hell
joker is so sexy in white
CK|Ded: dude, theres a scene currently where harvey attracted the joker...
AlienWarhead: It probably would've burned out tbh.
RACHELLLLLL >:U
Eww. his face is leaking...
inb4 Heath actually forgot his line and is actually that good at improv
love that analogy
spiritwaffle, mmmyes
CK|Ded: Tbh I'd be more concerned about the regular criminals. Joker and co are crazy but they're playing on Batmans level, I'd be more worried that Bruce'd die than me in that scenario.
Silver: Except, you know, for EVERYONE who figures it out. :P
My life in a nutshell
13if someone threatens dent, there's an entire city of cops standing by (despite the point that they're shown to be lethally stupid)
Later Lyra`.
Silverscreen: it's more of her constantly worrying about her lover/husband when he goes out.
Poor Harvey Two Face.
13if someone threatens batman, you're hosed
ya, heath is we...
well
Shizuka: For a second, i thought you meant Spaz as in Spas-12. And That would be super effective
bat-shit crazy
God, DOES HE HAVE ON NAILS?
Silver: Especially in the last movie, where basically everyone figures it out before the movie's half over
Silverscreen its about the sex appeal, and there is way more danger in a DA like Harvy dent
Goodnight everyone, thanks for the film :)
yeah, but, youre batman
I JUST noticed that.
c'mere
Bye Foal_Brovakiin
ASoftFluffyThing: I think he painted his nails
Take care Foal_Brovakiin.
Shizuka: well apparently the cops cant do anything, because joker is currently talking to him alone
More danger = more sex appeal.
Night, Foal_Brovakiin :)
I see bandages on his fingers however
KILL HIM
otakon: Okay then. I just noticed that after this long.
bye Foal_Brovakiin
If Batman's symbolic animal is a bat(duh), then Joker's is a dog.
dat nurse outfit
RAMIREZ!
I just got back from chasing my little siblings with a lightsaber :$
LQL (laughing quite loudly)
01,11In the public eye, Batman and Wayne have absolutely nothing to do with each other. Hell Wayne openly shows he HATES batman. So Her dating BRUCE WAYNE wouldn't be a danger because she WOULDN'T be with BATMAN.
wb weeping_pegasi82 did you have fun?
SirGanjalf: A hyena
05,15But what if someone figures out who Batman is?
Silverscreen: Third movie. :p
Silverscreen your being shizutroll'd
RAMIREZ! Defeat Handsome Jack!
05,15Then you're up a creek
Shizuka: To be fair, this movie wound up proving all that wrong. Both are shown to be equally bad here
Silverscreen: How many people figure it out? Like, EVERYONE.
otakon: Yep but dead tired
Fluttercry, like Dr.Strange?
Regular Fans: It's the Joker and Two Face. Rabid Fangirls: OMG JOKER TWO FACE KISS NOW!
Fluttercry: its still safer with batman than with the cops
Silverscreen: except it's more of a thing that she doesn't want to be with a guy that constantly throws himself to the jaws of death on a nightly basis.
Not Mayor Mare!!
that line
mitamaking: meh, dog-alike enough for me
One little old mayor
01,11otakon: THEN WHY THE FUCK IS SHE DATING MOB ENEMY #1?!?!
hey joker, news flash: the best laid plans last about 5 seconds
Chaosssss.
he works for Discord
Discord.
I think we figured out that Racheal should dated more normal guys
Silverscreen: love?
FOR THE DARK GODS
Silverscreen: bc he's not JUMPING ON ROOFS
Discord approves this
its fair
I actually like this setup, with Joker triggering Two-Face's birth.
what if harvey stop him :D
CHAOS
brb my friend is rping and shes acting like the joker
Chaos
Discord much?
05,15Silverscreen because she has the protection of the law and not a billionare in a suit
its beer?
CHAOS
Silverscreen: and she's a lawyer too
It seems to work in this context.
Just like Far Cry 3, HAS A CHANCE TO END IT BUT PUSSIES OUT
That's not my theory on chaos
Chaos is NOT fair
this such a fun conversation, it's definetally going some where, and not in circles >_>
Silverscreen: otakon doesn't actually have his own say in this so you can pretty much ignore him.
Agent of Discord. Who else is an agent of Chaos?
it's just random
Discord IS joker!
so joker made two-face
Chaos is fun.
You die
Far Cry 3 isn't even out yet.
13consider also that dent doesn't exactly try to get his sorry ass killed
U win this round Joker.
this man watched Return of Harmony one too many times.
You know what, screw the coin
0,14Maybe she wants to date Dent?
otakon: In theory, that's WHY it's fair. No bias towards any person, it just happens.
Now we're talkin!
You die, and i watch full house :3
CK|Ded: yeah true
13bruce wayne spends his nights looking for trouble
FUCCKKKKKK
AAAAWWW
AND WAYNE WITH THE BLOCK!
I APPROVE OF THIS!
01,11A billionare in a suit that's designed to keep him alive and has proven that he can take care of himself. Hell, THIS MOVIE openly shows that dating Dent is what got her killed!
R.I.P. SEXY CAR
DAT CAR!!!
Good Guy Bruce, or just a bad driveR?
Fluttercry: the law couldnt protect her in a building full of cops
Even the Joker uses Hand sanitizers.
also hand sanitizer
He hit Bruce! Sueing time
good hygene
:( that car
The Joker the only guy to use those hand creams
DERPDERPDERPDERP, both
that look
Boom.
POW! haha!
THat car could've gotten its own movie. ;9
kapoff
Oh that brings up another good point. She would get less sex with batman
This scene
So f**king sexy.
ppbpbpbpbpbpb
dat walk
lawl
Silverscreen: he can protect himself NOT those who are close to him that well as we've seen
*:(
xD
lol
It all makes perfect sense now.
pfffff
dat look
this scene
Hellooooooo nurse?
he walks like a zombie
Micheal Bay Came
I love this bit
The Joker has way too much swag.
And now for some awesome adlibbing
cute
*pekew!*
walks away like a boss
Cool guys don't look at explosions! :D
this scene is so good
Lol Joker is waddling
Joker's reaction to these explosions was real
magmablock: really?
Walk out of exploding hosipital dressed as a nurse like a boss.
wait where's dent?
lol stops
All this Ledger improv
cool guys don't look at explosions
05,15improvised scene number 435
clown shoes
this was not scripted
13you can't arm rachel or else the link between batman and bruce wayne is obvious
lol nope
clickity click click
RainbowGuy: really?
RosePetal: yep.
lol
cool guys dont look at explosions
"that's all?"
I love how he just SKIPS away.
Wtf....There it is :)
Fluttercry: IT WAS? :O
otakon yeahh
dat Single-payer health care system
inkBot: I thought the VERY same thing
And this.
thats it?
01,11otakon: he did pretty damn good with protecting her when Joker tossed her out the window. Alfred hasn't needed protecting, nore has Morgan Freeman's character.
oops
Lmao
lol
:D
xD
He di.
Lmao xD
lols
:D
CHAOS!
I can't stop singing sims songs :P
"...What? ThaOH SHI-"
lol
He's like "What? Oh there it is"
Even jokers bombs dont work most of the time
BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD
I love his nonchalont approach there :).
Discord!
Micheal Bay came
funfact: that was improvised
KA-Blooey!
no trivia on this scene silver?
toy explosion!
Skulls for the skull throne
He just got into the bus where there are people.
Wait a minute. So Two Face is dead?
yay
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Story: The Lost Tribe
Milk for the Khorne flakes.
CrimsonPhoenix: Oh god :D
That scene was also accidental improv is there nothing Heath can't do?
Discord, real life style O_O
that was NOT CGI
13Silverscreen: in the first case, that was because he was there, if batman was on the other side of town, pfft
They actually blew up a real hospital for this
Silverscreen: I don't fucking know then
Two Face escaped.
Kandarihu: Nope!
Good thing he didn't get to the hospital
and rumble
RAWRity: He played it well.
CrimsonPhoenix: Michael Bay's pants are basically soaked by now.
ahem rubble
Kandarihu: Well, since it's DC Universe, he lives
AJIsAwesome: eeyup
it was originally meant to be the joker walking away as the explosions went off, but there was a short malfunction with some of the explosives.
Like to see Dark Knight Rises eventually.
Future 2 face baman ?
Nittany_Discord: it's good
So where is the part where the mods are told to stfu about a stupid plot point that has been over talked? Oh never. right.
CrimsonPhoenix: phbbt, needs moar stupid jokes before the explosion
Ledger was just that smooth.
WHERE IS HARVEY DENT!
As good as Dark Knight?
Barbetos: just Silverscreen is going on about it
Ledger decided to stay in character and play it like it was meant to happen.
13WHERE ARE THEY
God
Nittany_Discord: better in some ways
Nittany_Discord: Spoiler Alert, the audience dies
Nittany_Discord, sadly not
Funny thing?
Dang, Michael Bay, how many spare change of pants do you have? :S
otakon its just a joke =P
Damn, lol
whats the b movie tonight?
Barbetos: ah
otakon: Compared to the server it's 1.69 Mbps for a Download, 2,91 Mbps for an upload. I got 41 ms, 3.92 Mbps Download, 3.05 Mbps Upload on the retest
01,11Shizuka: Joker was only there because Dent was there. Again, She got in danger because she was dating DENT.
AJIsAwesome: A lot, I hope.
otakon: Sorry for the extended delay
Ha ha haha haha.
MrBen: lower left corner
Xaiden, that rule is what Marvel is infamous for. But I'm aware of the rule of offscreen death. If it seems that "Nobody could've survived that", then any important characters probably did survive it.
The routine Joker does here? It reminds me of Sean Hannity's routine of repeating key words in other people's speeches
IT'S TIME TO PLAY THE GAAAAAAMMMMEEE
Silverscreen: What is b move?
whysoserious Living in Obllivion
Silverscreen: she was a prosecutor ON THE CASE
NO.
(spelling)
Silverscreen: THAT IS WHY SHE WAS TAKEN
SEAN HANNITY IS THE JOKER
otakon: Yeah, I'm lookin'. All it tells me is my IP address.
Dating Dent WAS SECONDARY
sirtornado kk thx
What's B movie tonight?
If you want to know, Living in Oblivion is the B Movie
otakon please stop involving yourself in that you're sucking the fun out of it.
I don't remember tbh
....that actually would make sense.
Kandarihu: Like Tony Stark in the Avengers?
05,15CK|Ded that explains so much
It's a movie whithin a movie talking about movies.
Meanwhile: no just trying to shed light on it
Silverscreen I don't think she is trying to prove whether or not Batman was safer, just the fucked up logic that is woman.
who are those old guys?
I've got to take a leek like Farfetch'd
what's B movie tonight?
ohai Harvey
otakon: IP Add, Charter Communications, Five Stars and Rate Your ISP. It doesn't give me anything else.
OohShiny Living in Oblivion
otakon: 'aint no one wants to hear from you. Button it.
Half Ded. Half Alive.
oh god that woudl sting
half...
MrBen: odd
xD
Half-Life?
Half-life:P
13does that make o'reilly two face, normal side is his usual tone and burnt side is FUCK IT WE'LL DO IT LIVE
SHUT UP
> "xD"
okay that REALLY must have stung like hell
that should've burned lika all helll
XP
http://www.bronystate.net/2012/09/21/lottery-winners-on-september-21/
it must hurt to talk
SirTornado: what's it about?
yeah, me thinks they overdid it with the makeup
c'mon, man really
c'mon
SHUT UP:[
Shizuka: YES
That is som seriously good and disturbing makeup.
X3
ded
05,15Then who's batman?
ded
O_o
Dang, its tails
PEW!
dead
05,15Anne Coulter?
DED
This Dent will be dead in days because of blood poisoning.
13isn't makeup, it's grey mo-cap mask
01,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: The delay in explosives at the hospital wasn't scripted. The bombs didn't go off as plan and Ledger had to keep in character as best as he could. The explosions really did make him jump before he rushed into the busses as was in the script.
Beautiful
peeping Batman
13burnt side is all cg
otakon: *shrug* I don't know. I just don't know.
It's DC. Don't question the logic.
Silverscreen: it was AWESOME
Batman stole this idea from Nintendo
"No, we don't spy on phones, Batman does that sort of shit!"
Who is streaming?
Shizuka: obviously, i just mean they overdid it
Silver: LOL
Silverscreen: THAT IS AMAZING.
This is WRONF
That's golden
*WRONG
batman is a pro hacker
*flips coin* Heads! .....oh its Tail- *BANG* >_<
That is amazing movie trivia. Bravo performance.
MrBen: yeah I don't know what to tell you man it's just hiccups in your IP. Contact them
This is wrong? Like everything else is wrong.
13yep i want to date the guy that spies on the entire city
05,15No one man should have all that power
only god can use it
HA
HACKER PRO UNLOCKED
But what about one woman?
watching an epileptic show all day...hell yea
otakon: Alright. Thanks anyway, man.
He must have Science 100 to use that
Morgan Freeman is best god.
Bruce Wayne is really into voyeurism...
Why is he still doing the voice alone with someone who already knwos who he is?
mlgl33thaxorpr0
No one man should have such average power... :|
Fluttercry: Implying Freeman is a normal man
And so God leaves Batman.
magmablock cause hes batman
SO MANY CARS.
>"Consider this my resignation." >promptly returns for third movie YEAH SURE LUCIUS
magmablock Waynetech survalence equipment
pony_300: you'd be surprised
magmablock: That is his fetish.
>greentexting
01,11otakon: okay, she was taken for her profession. But if it weren't for Joker switching the locations, Batman would have SAVED HER, or had died with her. Again, how is being with Dent safer?
magmablock: When you get into charter it shard to swap
And so People finally realize that Gotham is dangerous and decide to leave Gotham City.
Meh, Freeman is God - he's used to spying on people
otakon: weeelll if you're refering to the next movie, not really. :lol:
CK|Ded: he said he would leave if that machine is there, wait
Silverscreen: it wasn't, being with Dent had nothing to do with her getting kidnapped
0,14do mine eyes detect kvetching?
It's a trick.
I don't know.
here we go
Silverscreen: it would have happened if she was with Bruce since she was STILL a target for assassination
this scene, i dont understand
Hello I is Two Face.
lookin good, dent!
mitamaking: Yeah, and it's there until the end of the film. :P
Seriously he must be in SO much pain
01,11otakon: good point there.
Why are we still talking about Racheal?
How'd Ywo Face get in the car?
why would the driver just allow some guy with a gun into his car?
His other eye didn't blink!
His other eye doesn't have a lid
He was threatned.
whysoserious: The plot demands it.
05,15because he would get shot if he didn't obviously
CK|Ded: no, watch what happens after he puts in his name
:[
05,15That eye would get really dry
6_9
13appropriately his left eye is getting more red because he can't apply tears to it
Silverscreen: that's what your hung up on, she wasn't in danger because of dating Dent, she was in danger because she was in charge of the case with it.
he's not
Shizuka: good
OH SNAP!
Your driver...
Your driver
Shizuka: eye
Now your not a lucky man.
That eye should've melted out of his skull already.
yay seatbelts
ded
01,11whysoserious: If you looked closely, there was a second person who was going to get int he car with with the mob boss, but he was pulled off-screen by Dent really quick.
buckle up
dafuq?
Still making his own luck
DED
D
Fluttercry I know right I said that earlier
E
Driver: Well its been a long day, I am sure glad that I am going to retire today..... *BANG* X_X
D
o3o
This is why you should always wear your seatbelt!
lol shoot the driver. that's totally a smart idea dent.
DED
But Dents okay, logical
he ded
I'd think he survive that.
RosePetal: he's unhinged remember?
Silverscreen: saw that :)
They ded.
trolololol
Unless he's not wearing a seat belt.
D
E
D
silverscreen ah ok
DED
13dent is pretty good for shooting the driver and exiting the car less than a second before the car flipped, without us seeing him leave the car
mitamaking: I know, I've seen the movie. I'm saying it's in the film until the end. :P
was the driver a bad guy or smething?
Xaiden: the man's pain tolerance is through the roof since hALF HIS FACE IS BURNT OFF
Lol
This boat scene is the best part of the movie
RosePetal: Dent isn't thinking about it anymore, just leaving everything to chance.
Xaiden: He put his seat belt on right before killing the driver
heeeeey, guys
uh oh
remember kids: always wear your seatbelt
Dent is thinking with portals.
GET TO DA BOATS!
otakon: Oh that makes sence
so is two face going to steal all the silver dallors from the second national bank?
DOT
Hiiiiiii, Dark_Horst :)
SO what are they doing with the boats?
this is not good
hi Dark_Horst
DISORD!
RAWRity: And your life vests.
DISCORD@
what's episode 1 today?
!
mitamaking: Agreed. I really like the message of it too, I was disappointed to see them ignore it in DKR.
Shizuka: he didn't leave. he took his chances
good thing i saw darl knight on tv. else, i would be sad now^^
13where did he take them
Reminds me of the Robot Chicken skecth with the Joker and everyone on the boat is annoying him.
13WHERE ARE THEY
Discord did thiss!
dat present
13WHERE IS CHANCES
This is what we call game theory
DERPDERPDERPDERP: The problem was the Dent Act
Xaiden: yeah it's been proven that your pain receptors get fried so to speak when you experience third degree burns over a large portion of your body
SHIPS!
/me is the Agent of Discord
Shizuka: uh didn't dent stay in the car, i mean thts why he buckled up. salmaroni wasnt whereing his seat belt
DONT OPEN IT!
buffer
Even if they just showed the common folk forming a resistance against Bane or something it would've been better, instead it was ignored.
dat dot\
Seriously HOW DID THEY NOT KNOW THAT WAS ON BOARD?
DERPDERP: The message?
BOMB!
OMG
RosePetal, yeah. I was waiting for this scene that the sketch was parodying
spider sense is tingling
13he was unbuckling
01,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Blood is only ever seen three times on-screen: on the face of the civilian Batman that the Joker hangs, on Harvey's pillow in the hospital, and on Batman's arm due to the dog attacking him; most of the violence either occurs off-screen or is obscured by camera angles.
Unless...
inb4 big scary black man
Ah, the infamous ferry scene...
05,15Spectrum_Rush I think she was pointing out that one scene he was in the car, the next he was gone
JOKER!
Only Spiderman can save them now... 6_9
"and then he herded them onto a boat, then he scared the crap outa every single one!"
Oh, while its fresh in my mind. Nittany_Discord, MvM has been called off. Toy probably lost internet for the next month and a half...
Nope.
sky high PUT ME IN THERE
Azuredragon: lol
pony_300: I just mean the "these people just showed you they still have heart" or whatever Batman says.
13the next shot the car flipped and dent was in the process of getting out
Pale_Horse: But Spiderman can't swim
ahhh
Dent buckled his belt let the car flip then got out.
This climax is awesome
Wow. What happened?
And from dat day foreward it was called a ZOO.
otakon: But that doesn't mean that being in a car Wreck with a high pain tolerance gives you a higher chance of living
What amuses me about this scene is that it makes a good psychology experiment. Did Joker really give them the bombs to the opposing boat, or did he give them the detonator to THEIR boat hoping they've kill themselves?
:D
But then they do absolutely nothing in DKR...
Money issues... :(
Silverscreen: not true. it's also a puddle under the bank man in the first sceene
Unless its a Farm!
I actually think their detenter will blow their own boat
RaveBrony: Aww. . .
Because knowing Joker, either is actually a valid call
Unless it's a ferry!
But! Hes on a date right now, so hes doesnt care :D
i dare say it, batan sounded better in the germa dub
He has lost it.
13CK|Ded: the only winning move is not to play
Dat Catch 22
Wantd me to tell you, Everlasting_Joy :P
Xaiden: true he was probably injured but he shrugged it off since he couldn't feel the pain. He buckled up and it kept him from getting killed.
Adobe crashed twice. :/
I found a post on 4chan that Shizuka would enjoy: "asuka is best pony "
DERPDERP: I can see your point, though on the otherhand maybe they didn't want to the spiderman route...
this is a better boat-related movie than Battleship
Democracy!
Shizu: Dat reference. XD
NO WE HAVE TO ABANDON SHIP.
middleground might've been good
so why are they transporting prisoners on a civilian crusieship again?
When is this over!
ABANDON SHIP ABANDON THE SHIP!
I think Batman/Spiderman would make an awesome team. Curse the fact that they belong to different companies. :|
RaveBrony: I figured he would, but that doesn't mean I'm not disappointed.
RosePetal: he'll blow them both if that happens
Here's the question: What about the CREW?
Voting never works.
anybody explain this logic
RABBLE RABLE RABBLE RABBLE
RosePetal: HE WILL BLOW THEM BOTH
CK|Ded: I think he'd want the people who'd blow up the boat to save themselves to live.
Oh never mind.
HARUMPH!
We should talk about murder and put it to a vote! LOL WE'RE MUCH BETTER PEOPLE
GOD society is so fucling retarded
HARUMPH!
I wish Scarecrow was in this scene
people show their true color
mutually assured nautical destruction
13notice how we linger on the civilians working it out
You want to blew the crew and guards just like that too?
13and not the prisoners
nice suit
I'm sure we can trust Joker's word
dat suit
She trust me.
pony_300: I know what you mean. They wouldn't need to go that far though.
Yeah :\
05,15We're the true monsters!
Shizuka: huh? what's the significance of it?
13would ruin the stereotype buildup to show us what the prisoners were doing
13up until the guy tosses the detonator
Shizuka: oh yeah good point
he is a clown trust him
He punched her..
KO!
Are the prisoners even working it out? All I see are the prisoners rioting and the guards shooting them.
I wish she was in DKR
KO!!!!
Don;t talk to him about hospital bills
she'll live
pawnch! XP
Kandarihu: they aren't rioting
No. I'm pretty sure the zombies are the true monsters... :|
Kandarihu: but they are getting rowdy
Another 'Live'?? Nerf that coin
The true monster is SOPA.
DERP: That's why I love that situation. It's a great psychology experiment.
13end of the scene one big guy steps up to take the detonator then tosses it out, everyone else is calm
Too easy
Yeah I don't think the prison guards are letting the prisoners have a say in what they decide.
Clowns standing completly still infront of the windows, seems legit
Shizuka: damn scene brought tears to my eyes
13which would imply the prisoners reached the same decision as the civilians, use the detonator but no one wants to be the one to do it
Look, Joker is the bad guy
wazzup bronies?
It's hard to tell rowdy from rioting as it's happening
And another thing that buggers me: It's JOKER'S plan. How are they sure that he didn't connect the detonators to their own boats?
hi DoctorDoctorWho
batman?
passes Nittany_Discord paper
FIVE MINUTIES!
I mean, THAT WOULD BE THE JOKE
Fun Fact; They aren't. :D
SirGanjalf: That is the point
this part is so badass
In a group of mass murderers there's bound to be at least one willing to pull that lever.
wee
I CAN FLY!
SirGanjalf: true but that wouldn't be twisted enough. He's probably hoping that they blow each other up anyway
You don't know
BATVISION
SirGanjalf: it's more fun that way
What's on the paper?
BAT EYES
Omni on beta?
Whoa.... Batman eyes are glowing it's kinda creepy.
why where they standing so still...
That's gibberish
Science at work
Not only does he have to protect the hostages but the SWAT teams too.
They are dummies.
RosePetal: Sonar heads up
dats trippy
LOL SHIT TAKEN FROM BATMAN GAMES
Forgottencrow: the other way aroudn
So all the cops, criminals and hostages are wearing cellphones?
13no no no gordon
ohai DoctoDoctorWho
WHERE ARE THEY!
If it was bat vision it would just be a black screen...
13you're saying it wrong
Forgottencrow: also TAS did this first anyway
Money. It's the thing many of us are having trouble getting.
otakon still cool
where my Family Guy'd?
Azuredragon: they aren't blind you know
Repeat joke as neccessary.
^
05,15Give me back my family!
/me glomps AJIsAwesome
THIS IS SO DANG TENSE
:O
Tell me about it.
Hostage.
hey Dovah
Nyst: Maybe the cellphones are in their stomaches, like with the fat guy.
/me glomps DoctoDoctorWho as well :$
eeyup
NOW YOU FUCKED UP. :|
hiya Dovah
Onee Chan!
Red team? But they're black.
CK|Ded: Oniichan~
eyah this won't end well
What if Joker put bombs inside them? :O
RosePetal: no
Nittany_Discord Red lettering
Howdfy folks. Well my internet derped and I've missed almost the whole movie. Oh well there's always tomorrow on Euro Night
13and they're all F2P
Ok then.
Was that.. The guy from Crank?
once again wheres luna when u need her :|
Otacon, i thought they were, isnt that the point of thier screeching and super hearing
Shizuka: lol
otakon: ople blowing themselves up, thinking that will save them - looks like a Joker kind of humor to me.
/me somehow has participated in a double glomp:$
Shizuka: Hahaha
*people
Yeah :\
DoctoDoctorWho: favorite doctor ? o3o
DoctoDoctorWho: I guess so. :D
They don't find it suspicious that the doctors are holding SEMI-AUTOMATICS?!
SirGanjalf: no that's too simpel
SWAT guys never shoot. Ever
I need a damn job
Diamond Dogs.
NVM
DERPDERPDERPDERP: it's really dark they can't tell right off the bat
Get down
too soon
dat music
spiritwaffle: 9th, the badass one.
Docter Whooves is in the house! :3
DoctoDoctorWho: oki o3o
otakon lol bat
DERPDERPDERPDERP: plus atm more concerned with the guys that LOOK like they have guns
According to the SWAT video game, no one ever gets shot in SWAT raids. *nod*
13previously on the love boat
otakon: True
Oh yah guys, I'm not gonna be here for Euro BMN. Going to visit my parents for the weekend.
Wouldn't that of been awkward if he missed with some of those sticky bombs?
/me on the boat...
o_o
DoctoDoctorWho: myself i have to go with david tennant
I will do it.
Shizuka: haha
DOO EET!
Barbetos: he doesn't miss, he's THE BATMAN.
A real officer takes down the entire enemy contingent with just a tazer
Tell the SWAT that the doctors are bad..... nah lets fight them >=)
DoctorDoctorWho Yes he is my favorite doctor tooo
and what if joker set it to their own boats, i could imagine him doing that
Darf14: not enough time
only because they haven't LET THEM BLOW YOU UP
We should recreate this experiment between ponychan and 4chan.
HE WONT BE ABLE TO SAVE THEM.
AlienWarhead: you do know how to use tab right?
twilight_sprinkle: IT IS LESS INTERESTING IN THAT CASE AND NOT AS FUN. Besides The Joker is trying to PROVE A POINT.
How do you ambush a SWAT team? Isn't their job to apprehend traps?
RosePetal it;s Batman he will
RosePetal: you were saying
DERPDERPDERPDERP, OH GAWD
Never mind.
this is such an awesome setup, the clowns are hostages, while the doctors are the killers
Yeah right
Keystone Kops
No he;s not
Snipe him now!
What the batman what if they die?
:D
DERPDERPDERPDERP: But Batman is not real, we would be toast
Stupid SWAT officers are stupid
they do NOT know The Batman
Pinata time!
Never mind, they not ded.
DoctorDoctorWho Excuse me?
CK|Ded: no The Batman is just that much better is all
rai.ing kill?
railing kill?
mitamaking: Hm, that's right. I wouldn't like our chances.
otakon: no i mean he told them that they can blow up the other ship, but actually its their own ship. seems pretty interestign to me, and hed prove a point to the other ship
Save the clowns, shoot the doctors.
Batman > SWAT ....and the army
Woof.
twilight_sprinkle: no he wouldn't
PAWNCH dog
DEATHINATOR.
FUCK YOUR DOGS
Where's the lozenges?
No, Joker has Hyennas.
twilight_sprinkle: besides not as interesting that way
His dogs are HUNG RAY!
Bat-Man has serious trouble with dogs.
How do we know that all the clowns are hostages? I'll bet some of them aren't.
release the hounds
UFC CHAMPION
Dogs>Batman
if they were really smart they wouldve mixed some of the doctors to be clowns and some to stay the same
otakon: he would and it seems pretty interesting to me.
He punched a dog down an elevator shaft, BADASS
Dogs! Batmans weakness!
13can't make the audience think too hard Kandarihu
You ever see a dog befriend a bat?
OohShiny: simpson line :P
debo
AlienWarhead: just type in the first 1-3 letters of a persons name and it will complete it for you
once
DEBO MAD
I will do it.
Is that Michael Clarke Duncan?
twilight_sprinkle: well maybe since neither go off we'll never know
Meanwhile: Good point.
they sang a song together
BEST PART
oh boy
otakon: Looks like you were right. System hiccups and all. It's been working for the past several minutes.
Is that Clarke?
twilight_sprinkle there is a batman in ponyville video, and batman calls Twilight Sparkle twilight sprinkle XD
magmablock: yes
It's Big John.
13john coffey gonna take it back
thats him
otakon: y u spoil >:I
Tough black guy time
He's dead :(
Nyst: yeah sadly
I thought it was Michael Clarke Duncan.
It';s always the big black guy that is the most noble
love this scene o3o
The go-to actor for "Freakin huge black dude"
Lunac: agreed
05,15Sadly it isn't
I volunteer as tribute.
Barbetos: o.o i actually got my name from a dif video lol. can has link after movie?
dat black guy
Give the detonator to Deebo
05,15It's like they WANTED to get him, but they couldn't
that alot of blood
Yeah, crew and guards too, asshole?
What about the cops on that boat?
magmablock: no anymore and that wasn't Micheal Clarke Duncan
that guy looks like he missed the casting call for Green Mile
SYMBOLISM
"all we did was steal"
"They chose to murder and steal." Says the guy about to murder hundreds
Or something
DoctoDoctorWho: Thanks I don't know most of the chat tricks
WHEN IS THIS EVER GONNA END?!?!?!?
Its the detrnator for there own ship
All the old familiar places
AlienWarhead: you new?
It's almost done I think.
and now they'll never get Micheal clarke Duncan to play a role again
Indeed.
Karma Gained""
Damn Joker, yu scary!
Whistler: This movvie is like 4 hours long
Did I ever tell you how I got these scars?
JUST DISABLE THE DETECTIVE MODE BATMAN!
Blind as a bat now.
13Sumica: it's black Gouda
I don't think so, Joker would want all the cruel people to live.
he derps just a bit
Give it to him.
deebo
FFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUU
yay, im actually not going to miss Movie night :p
Yay.
"Give that detonator to me, and I'll show you what you should've done ten minutes ago." *takes detonator...tosses it out the window*
YAY
damn straight
yay
GOOD MAN
Xaiden: no not really but it's so well paced it feels like it's over quickly
xD great tiemign there
;D
yay
Whistler: Actually it's 153 minutes
his eyes r derpin
DoctoDoctorWho: No I just never asked
Silverscreen: ya know there's a spoiler script :P
and toss
Is should a did proper english?
dayum
I love this scene.
Welp.
:o
fluttershy approves
Most noble bastard ever
Now pray
HAP MANY MINUTES?!
here
5
we
go
FIREWORKS.
RAWR
Now that
its almost as if they didnt kill people themselves.
13how do keys work...
And heere we go
twilight_sprinkle: That what i was saying - that would be a great practical joke. Strange nobody on the ferries didn't thought about that.
ohey Everlasting_Joy ^_^
Just proves everyon has the mouth to talk all big, but when they have to step up and do it they're suddenly silent and butthurt
DON"T
13do i turn it this way...
oh no
twilight_sprinkle: not ALL of the inmates are murderers
13is it the amber lever or the silver one i'm confused
+10 Karma
*Stares intensily*
silly white guy
""Karma Gained""
sometimes I wonder what deebo's reasoning was here; being righteous? Not trusting the possibility that they might blow themselves up? Not playing Joker's game period?
dayum
im feeling this music cause my oc is about to die :'(
WHAT THE COWARD!
that... violin thing...
13DAMMIT ATRUS YOU HAD ONE JOB
Shizuka: myst 4 reference?
god that ambience
just imagine batman on the 4th of july... "THERE WONT BE ANY FIREWORKS!!!"
13BLOW UP THE BOAT
Shizu: LOL
13BUT NOOOOOOO
pony_300: being righteous I think
Oh this scene
You had to grow a conscience
Sorry Joker
I cant stand it :(
His plan has failed
RosePetal: lots of blood on one
And Joker's like "....dafuq"
oH never mind,.
Joker is dissapointed:(
Actually all those inmate cause hell in the Dark Knight Rise when released from Blackgate so killing them on the ferry would have been good.
Joker is disappoint
I don't know why you keep giving Atrus jobs when he can't manage anything.
Forever alone
lol umad joker
awww no boom :( *-10 Karma* .....DOH!
Forever Alone.
Borrowed time
Batman Forver
Alone
Lunac: not all of them, only the mob guys
whysoserious: and they would turn them off, just cu he said that
otakon: Of course, as soon as I tell you it's working, that's when it stops working. Typical. xD
I GOTTA GO. BYE. :O
lol
feels batman
Joker's watch is a bit slow
no
The clocks 5 minutes fast
OW
ha
CYA Whistler
ouch
owned
MrBen: yeah calll your IP
THIS BIT
Hahahahaaaa
Bye Joker.
Bye Whistler
Bye, Whistler :0
05,15Spiderbat
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
*:)
bye Whistler take care
woudl have riped his leg off
epic comeback
that laugh
13and joker starts monologuing
Jokers plan revealed and explained
All of a sudden, Iron man pops in!
otakon: I will. Thanks again for your help.
Bye Aspen.. I mean Whistler
that HAD to hurt
Nolan Batman>Burton BAtman at being a hero
MrBen: np
inb4 Push
Sorry Joker, but im not recreating that ending from the first Batman Film
Didnt the joker die in aprevious Batman movie by fallign off abuilding?
the burton one
Yes.
Like Rhas Al ghul in Begins he didn't kill Joker he just didn;t save him from SWAT
And that's why Ledger's Joker beats Nicholson, imho
Big_macinsocks: eeyup and averted
And now Philosophy with the Joker.
01,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Joker's fall down the tower at the end of the film is a callback to Nicholson's Joker's fall in the original BATMAN.
Big_macinsocks: Yuup.
im back everypony
Total Kismesis. :D
wb therainbowvortex
WRONG
Too much fun
hi therainbowvortex
Too much funs.
wb therainbowvortex
I wish he could have been in the next one
13it's full of throat lozenges too
THESE CTIY IS FULL OF PEOPLE.
13maybe you should get in on it
love that line
But since Ledger died and the trilogy's over they wouldn't be doing it forever
lol
Hello moon. Hello MOON. Hello Starrrrrr...
^
05,15Wayne...listen...It's hard to take you seriously when you sound like that.
Shizuka: dammit I spit out my tea at that :P
05,15Just keep being cool
Sad that the Joker and Heath Ledger died.
Cable snaps
RosePetal: agreed
I thought you didn't do plans Joker
OJ: it can hold The Batman it can hold The Joker
All it takes...is a little push
lul
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
FUCKING
GLORIOUS
Hahahaha
Best.. Joker.. ever.
Indeed
damn, that joker's excellent
this why I like the joker
The camera man has to be upside down for that shot
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAH. How do I get down now?
and lols were had
dat joker
Officially this SWAT teM KILLS THE JOKER
Poor Gordon
dat joker
funny that while the flip Joker's scenes while he's hanging up side down, I still feel like I'm watching him upside down
mitamaking: That's part of the character. It makes you wonder how much of what he says can be taken at face value, since he CLEARLY plans a lot of what he does.
Got a Dent problem? Try the DingKing!
Lunac: is that what they're going with?
and then we never saw him again
That combined with the constant lies about "how he got these scars".
dent the derpy dentist
Lunac: is it canon?
Don't do this TWO FACE!
This movie has a really good Rifftrax
I wish he weren't flipped for that monologue
13it really does
pony_300: It's because of his jacket
05,15and the next movie just acts like he didn't exist
OTAKON YES LIKE IN bEGINS bATMAN DIDNLT SAVE al Ghul.
dat lighting
Dat true Silverscreen.
Xaiden: ahh, good point
Shizuka: so Rifftrax tomorrow for Euromovie night?
Dichotomy-cam
what did i miss? ;)
Where is their daugther?
13yep cause a single character in a single movie is worth more than an actor's entire career
Shizuka: SHould we have the rifftrax for tomorrow?
then you have my permission to DAAAI
and den you can see his ugly side
Silverscreen: The easiest way they could have referenced him? Claim that the Joker had gone catatonic, like he did in the comics when Batman "retired"
otakon, and ruin the experiance to europe people?
Oh, so Ledger died before Rises was finished?
Lunac: I know that and not SWAT, an impending crash/explosion that killed him.
Don't hurt them!
there his little girl
CrimsonPhoenix: it'll enhance it
rifftrax of the Dark Knight blasphemy
Ledger died a while ago.
13ledger died before the oscars for dark knight iirc
I think a mention to the Joker would have been nice.
DAMN
wimpering like Minnie Mouse
Ledger died because of this role
THat's sucks.
Silverscreen: I agree. Character that influential should be at least mentioned.
05,15I think he died before this was released
Lunac: No movie is too good for Rifftrax
mother f er
brb
Ledger died before Dark Knight Rises even began producing.
otakon, what if some people in Europe doesn't want rifftrax
Kandarihu: Ledger died during post-production of TDK, as far as I know.
"Ha ha, Daddy loves me best! :p"
Fluttercry: One day b4
otakon Doesn't matter what killed him it;s the fact Batman didn;t kill him just didn;t save him
Fluttercry: I was going to say, I think he did too.
And Eckhart's performance>Ledger's
13now they abuse the lighting to save money doing dent's CG
rifftrax is good and all but you do not need rifftrax in everything
OJ This film is.
01,11Shizuka: How would referencing one character harm his career? ESPECIALLY when it was one of his greatest characters he ever acted as.
dat police dog
buffer
Batman: Dogs.... why does it have to be dogs? :(
SCARY FACE.
FAIR ARE THEY.
MrBen, oh, okay.
01,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Medical Research shows that Two Face could not survive more than a couple of hours in that condition (mainly from the infection he'd get from having so much underflesh exposed). However, the reason given for surviving so long is due to his adreneline rush for revenge. After the scene at 250 52nd street, Dent would have died anyway. The only really unrealistic
1,11aspect is his exposed eye remaining so clean and uninfected.
It's not FAIR!
CrimsonPhoenix: That's true. I draw the line at rifftraxing a rifftrax
Rifftraxception
We Threee.
go go probability
Because Joker lied about the locations!
lifes not fair harvey
dat voice makes this so silly
Because youse was the bessst of us.
Yeah... the doctors in Gotham seem as incompetent as the cops.
And Man was he right! :D
13so he points it at gordon's family
Joker lied.
NO.
Anyone else hear Beethoven in the score?
13and batman's dead
dat coin >_>
9999 DMG
I'd leave because of the constant refreshing I'm having to do for this movie but since it's so close to the end of the movie anyway...
ded
13movie over
Well
Knight fall...
Silverscreen I guess using acid makes more sense than fire
Shizuka: YAY
Watching batman I see?
If he died then how was he going to flip for Gordon.
He's gonna commit sucicide.
Batman dead? No third movie!
Meanwhile: he wouldn't
donutpop365: Indeed
RELEASE THE CHILD.
NOO
REALSE HIM
the music
LOL this is a cam.
WELCOME BACK otakon
Lie to him
otakon: Exactly, which is pretty poor thinking.
Batman would later return as Batman the White
Did he really think a single shot to the gut would kill BATMAN?
False, there actually is a third movie, so he's alive
Kick him in the nads and run!
that tense music
Son is tramatized.
damn, that's dark..
Tovler: lol
But he's the one who got heads
LIE >_>
Blasphimal no we will not let him go
one measily bullet is not enought to kill BATMAN
SirGanjalf: yes it is
13die is called as it falls
:P
surprised that Dent never thought about Batman wearing bodyarmor
GLOMP
Batmang broke da rulz!!
Kind of anti-climatic though
Heads.... That Battackle was useless
Did you think this would kill me!?
pony_300: nobody does
He broke his no kill rule!!
Two face is ded.
Nope, death by twenty feet.
That boy still has the batarang from Batman Begins too
Barbetos: it was accidental
Batman, y u still killing people?!
I really thought Harvey lived
Quick switch their clothes
Batman ...Killed :O
Get away from th edge kid
HA not even a fall like that could stop BATMAN
two deaths for the price of one
mitamaking: me too Bruce surived but why not Dent?
otakon yet you can still go to court and serve jail time for accidents. its call man slaughter.
kid falls anyway
so this is how it feels like when i drop people off buildings
Barbetos: true
he just needs to play dead
Cuz I don't know.
:D
.fuck.
well batman did survive a much higher fall earlier, though it was onto a car
01,11Personally, refusing to acknowledge Heath's last and greatest role in Rises was more of an insult than anything. Acting as if the Joker character didn't exist in the sequel was not only stupid, but it made it feel like the role wasn't important after TDK.
otakon he hit the weaker side of his head.
otakon: I'm guessing the suit absorbed most of the impact.
otakon: Because he's Batman and can't die because he's the hero?
pony_300: Wouldn't landing on a car make things worse?
Silverscreen: agreed
5?
Hey Kammerjunk and AJIsAwesome, here as promised, a little late though... I've seen this though :P
Yeah, why did they kill Two Face?
donutpop365: YAY!
Just say Joker killed them
Silverscreen: maybe they'll add something to it in the extended home release
donutpop365: Nice of you to make it. :)
OJ: that Harvey personally killed
DERPDERP: I would think the buckling roof would break the fall, unlike falling onto straight ground
Silver: Agreed. I strongly believe they should have claimed he went catatonic after Batman's "retirement". That actually happens in the comics and fits the character brilliantly.
0,14well, there wasn;t much point
I never got this ending, its like they treat the citizens of gotham as if they are stupid and cant face the truth
...lol i just cant take that voic seriously
ah did all thos thangs
otakon: How did Gordon know about them?
CLOSE YOUR MOUTH DAMMIT
I think Joker got executed, it makes sense
And the police... Just buy it... No considering that Batman dosen't have a motive, or follow up detective work, or examining the scene for evidence... They just buy it... :|
Goddayn Batman, take a fucking Ricola.
I always thought that most of the citizens of Gotham were kinda stupid.
OJ: Harvey told him
No Bruce!!!! :(
Most of them.
You either find some throat medicine, or you live long enough to start talking like this all the time.
I'm Batman, and my voice is channeling the Bear Spirit
05,15Not the hero we deserved, the hero we needed
Man, to HELL with this. Now the player won't even effing CONNECT.
RIP Bat signal :(
The hero we needed
Ok so this is a cam, why do the people's heads look weird?
NO BAT SIGNAL!
13why didn't you turn off the light first....
:(
Squalken if they couldn't guess that the guy with all the super-tech was a rich guy and guess that the only rich guy in the city was therem then they are stupid
Now him retiring ruins the end of this movie
screw batsignals
The axe was a little over the top.
Sumerpan is is the hero that bronystate neeeds!
Wait, is this a FAKE cam?
Shizu: Because SYMBOLISM
come to think of it, how they kinda wash all this under the bridge in the 3rd movie is kinda disappointing.
Shizuka: it was just symbolic
Shizuka: not symbolic enough
Bow tie!
Shizuka: CUZ THEY DONT GIVE A FUCK
Everyone left.
"Ah Hihe hoe hehh. ho hill hun mih" is all you hear when bats is "talking"
and fried
i killed those people >_>
Overload!
Ryunosuke: How did the Sumerpan thing start?
and thus Lucius stayed
Nyst: doing it up old school prohibition style
No, I killed all those peopl! <_<
pony_300: Hmm, good point, I'm not sure. I was thinking all the broken glass would make things worse. All I can picture is the guy from The Untouchables.
Where's he going?
brb batcave
Which is idiotic.
13our top story tonight, hundreds of thousands of phones spontaneously explode all over gotham
whysoserious: i killed lots of people
bamanbaman
lol
bahman!
01,11Sqallken: you don't know how the justice system works. One flaw in the prosecution could fuck up an entire case, and since Dent was responsible for 90% of the mob force being on trial, that's 90% of the criminals in Gotham running the risk of being let go.
Very good Batman Film .....the third movie..... well.... mixed feelings on it
Mare-Do-Well is the hero that Equestria needs, but not the one that it deserves... Man is she not the one it deserves... :(
DOGS BATMAN'S WEAKNESS.
Kandarihu: Okay.
i'm baman
It basically shows that Lucius only cared about being moral to a very limited degree. >_>
Kid is the smartest of all of them.
dat moment when you find out that soarin is Ed
i'm piderman
Darf14: yeah but it's still good however
Same container park as Begins
Batman is Itachi
Demopan?
except this makes alot more sense
CK|Ded: Dont worry he can punch them down elevator shafts
01,11They said this when the Mayor met with Dent.
He is an anti hero then?
HE'S BAMTAN
Darf14: Same here. I loved the third film the most (mainly because of Bane) but quality-wise, it was the weakest of the three.
13a title drop
He's a Dark Knight
So, are the MLPs after A and B?
sick title drop
pony_300: itachi ftw
a dark knight
RosePetal I guess he is a cat person
That awkward moment when batman gets caught instead of getting away
The Dark Knight.
title drop
The End.
THE DARK KNIGHT
WE HAVE A TITLE!
I give it 10 pencils in the eys outa 10
All it takes is a little PUSH/10
10/10
noice
Good stuff!
Constant refreshing/10
booo
A Dark Knight
WHOOOO
10/10
donutpop365: MLP after each movie.
donutpop365: Yep
9/10
yeah the movie is good, but its was kinda ...week
WHERE ARE THEY/10
8/10
THE JOKER/10
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA/10
10/10, would watch again.
WHY SO SERIOUS/10
Goddamn/Batman
Why so serious?/10
10/10
9/10, I guess
"he is, the dark knight" "i dont get it" "me neither son, but it sounds cool"
No, i'm The Dark Knight!
10/10
Serious/10
TWO FACE/10
05,15yay 9/10. Ledger gets a 15/10
10/10
im memoty of joker/10
Now...FOOD
9.5/10, great film
9.25/10, I prefer Rises
now i have to go wathc baman and piderman
5/10 There was no Bat Credit Card.
Wanna know how I got these scars?/10
whats next?
never thought this film was that awesome / 10
Heath Fucking Ledger /10
Thanks Nittany_Discord and J_E_Smith71!
Joker/10
9.5/10
Bamtan/10
RaveBrony: What about the pony episode?
Totally the best of the three movies.
im batman/batman
<3 Heath Ledger/10
13still overrated / 10
I just watch it for the awesome credits
8.9/10
Bat credit card/10
WhydidntIwatchthisearlier/10
Sumica: thank you sir
11/10 for Joker. RIP.
My Internet Connection/1
9.4/10 , glad to finally have watched it
his parents are dead/10
WHERE IS HE/10
Batman/Batman
Thank you
awesome movie. 9/10
WHYDUTRYTOKILLME/10
9/10 Excellent movie.
Meanwhile: can't have everything
7/10 ok, I guess
Why So Serious/10
Shizuka: but it's good
joker/twoface :3
What eps are on this week?
13sure
whysoserious, as contrast to Harvey Dent who was called the White Knight
10/10
spiderman/10
Everytime I hear "He is the Dark Knight" I want to make a Final Fantasy IV joke...
I forget
JOKER/10
Batman / Bat Credit Card
Agent of Chaos/10
05,15yeah, DKR was better
face/face
check the front page
Hopefully tomorrow I can see the whole thing
Best of the trilogy, even without Ledger.
13but inflated past its value because of ledger's death
Heath Ledger scarificed his sanity for this film. 9/10 at least
RACHEL!!!!/10
Best Pet/ Lesson Zero.
Fou_Lou: TELL ME you did not just say that!/booker t/10
>DKR is better
101/10
Pet and Zero
Fluttercry: It was?
A BAT CREDIT BARD?!?! :[ *BANG BANG BANG*
In that order.
only because of Bane :p
1/2 faces
05,15Lesson Zero, SURPRISE
I never saw it.
DERPDERPDERPDERP: ^-^
did they just sneek a "yay" into the credits?
Ledger's acting was truly an accomplishment.
Because we haven't seen Lesson Zero enough times yet.
nope, TDK > TDKR
Fluttercry: imo this was way better
"Batman IS the Dark Knight. HE'S CERTAINLY NO PALADIN."
otakon / 10
Shizuka: it's still a good movie even though it is kindof overrated you have to admit that
MrBen: to me, Monty Python comes to mind
Rex_Ivan: No that's Sumica's ping sound
I liked the store better then DKR's
at least it's not Luna Eclipsed
Hasn't it been over a month since Zero has been shown? I know it's been awhile.
SirGanjalf: agreed
Why u wanna kill me/10
okay
heh
Rest In Peace, Mr. Ledger.
Whut's a Paladin? 6_9
Should I be worried?
Eckhart's performance>Ledger's
10/10, Had Batman, no ponies. Perfect.
RIP Heath
After the Dark rimnessof TDK...Ponies
Honestly? The Dark Knight Rises is really not bad. I think people just had the wrong expectations for it. >_>
Is Lottery tonight or tomorrow?
MrBen: What's a paladin? :D
Aww damn, I watched pet on my comp yesterday... and Lesson Zero....ffs Again??
05,15Well, any time an actor dies, his last film always gets a boost in popularity
Rest in piece Heath.
TDKR was just your formulaic 21st century action movie
13begins set up a credible base to build the batman mythos on, and the point of escalation at the end was good
Aaron Eckhart's chin/10
Kandarihu: tonight, I think.
9/10 needs more pony
nu wait SHUT UP:[/10
13knight takes it and runs straight off a cliff
spiritwaffle has been kind of hanging on me tonight
Pale_Horse I'm not entirely sure.....
RaveBrony: It was Wrek's pick.
and Morgan Freeman.
I barely know them
Let's see who can call which episode it is when it starts first!
Theres a shocker :D
MORGAN FREEMAN???
Fluttercry: that wasn't his last film
Play it again... AGAIN.... :|
GORDON FREEMAN??
Lesson Zero
yay when it's over?
DINGDINGDINGDINGDING
otakon: what do you mean by hanging on you?
Gordon, Freeman/10
is morgan freeman in TDKR?
Wrek? Picking a Twilight ep? What is this madness??
Oh, we know already?
yay!
Suddenly Silence.
Freeman/10
shogipony: yeah
is lottery tonight or tomorrow?
ding again XD
Pale_Horse: They'll play it again tomorrow
Gordon Freeman
Shizuka: B movie is what?
StormChaser: Tomorrow
05,15I have seen any episode more than twice, but Lesson Zero is waaaay overplayed/overrated
Shizuka: and Rises?
Oh, when'd we find out?
I like my Superhero movies Avergery
shogipony: Yup. And there were two scenes where I thought he was killed, too.
thanks!
Gordon Freeman, the most badass scientist ever, he can divide by zero
Awww, look they decidcated it too him.
Poor Conway is always forgotten
01,11SILVERSCREEN'S REVIEW: The Dark Knight. What a movie. It's a film that just feels big. Everything is done on an epic and grand scale, and everything is giving that dark and gritty yet realistic edge. However, I do have some problems with it. The biggest being that it drags on for too long. The talking aspect is nice, but it gets a little grating how they have to explain everything
1,11going on. Batman is a superhero and a detective first, the drama should come second. That said, however, I love the Greek Tragedy twist this movie gives, and if they just cut down HOW MUCH everyone talked in the second act, it would have been much stronger. 8/10.
Bane was a good "Final Boss" type villain
Gotta love Sumi pings.
Spazturtle: Walking into Oblivion (if I'm right)
RAWRity: /me actions of holding my hand and kissing me, saying I'm awesome and sexy.
We should totally check out the "How it Should have Ended" for this. :D
agreed
we should have a rule on Lesson Zero
Lesson Zero is Season 2's Party of One, of course it's overplayed.
Fluttercry: Areed, S2 E3 and 4 are overplayed/overrated.
When are the movies and episodes released?
one showing every month at most
Spazturtle Living in Oblivion*
Talking is fine Silverscreen. 10/10 from me.
OJ: spoiler :wait he wasn't
otakon: Same for Luna.
OJ: Yeah, too bad the done goofed it up, but for most of the film he was amazing. The perfect antithesis to Batman.
THUMBS ALL THE FUCKING WAY UP!
JOHN WILLIAMS
fat thug XP
Hello Broystate! Im back!
if it gets picked and it was already shown pick again
wb
hmmm I agree
MY THUMBS CAN'T GO ANY MORE FUCKING HIGHER
RosePetal: John Williams?
hrrm.... Morgan Freeman(God) leaves Batman in this movie, and in the next he's practically eager to show Wayne his new toys like barely anything happened between them. Did TDK even exist anymore to them?
Hi, Rex_Mundi :)
despite loving that Luna ep
Regardless of Rarity being my fav pony. Dragon Quest is my fav episode. Just the adventure in it.
Lesson Zero's still the MOST overplayed episode though.
agrred RaveBrony
talking is fine for me also, it may have been 2.5 hours, but it sure didnt feel long
hi Rex_Ivan
IT'S LITERALLY TOUCHING THE MOON SRSLY LOOK OUTSIDE
When "Luna" comes on, I leave until it's over. It's played that often.
Silverscreen: yeah, but without everyone actually explaining Jokers actions, we would be confused as hay
That's why I've been puttin it on my lottery
Now that i can vote again im voting for it :)
he said he'd leave if Batman didn't destroy the machine. Batman DID destroy the machine, so he stayed.
Heu there, AJIsAwesome :$
next?
pony_300: He doesn't leave him, the deal was if the machine stayed he would leave him, the machine got destroyed, he stayed
this music is pretty good but not nearly as good as the How to Train your Dragon music
I corrected them
lol pony_2854
otakon: (\
Also Alan Silvestri
when my little pony friendship is magic starts being shitty then you have my permission to die.
greetings Alienwarhead
I'm picking "Sleep". It's a severly underrated episode.
What movie did I just miss?
pony_2854: might wanna see a doctor bout dem thumbs :P
pony_300: where does he leave him? He said he leaves if wane leaves the cellphone thingy running and it gets detroyed in the end so no need for him to leave
Rex_Ivan: DK
Dark Knight.
Also Ennio Morricone
Rex_Mundi: Batman: TDK
pony_300: One of the problems I had with Rises is that aspect actually. Lucius shows a total lack of moral compass. "I'm leaving because this is unethical, but if you break it at a later date after it's served its purpose, then I'll stay"?
Sleep?
Rex_Mundi, le dark knight
Rex_Mundi: The Dark Knight
Look before you sleep, S1E8.
Derpy_Hooves: That's... that's just you speculating, right?
Total bullshit, I'm sorry. Lucius shows no spine and no morality by doing that.
Oh!
SHOO BE DOO SHOO SHOO BE Do
*derp*
cachi01|phone: not wanting to be pessimistic, but that can't take more than 5-6 years
CK|Ded: I think Fox knew it had to be used once
missed batman
call upon the sea ponies when your in distress
xD OMG baman and piderman
But (Why so)seriously: 9/10<3 - my 2nd favorite comic book movie
05,15I've been picking Owl's Well that Ends well, even though I don't particularly like that episode either
So, whats the B movie?
Elements of Harmony Part 2.
i'd likr racheal to come back as a hero
SirGanjalf: What's the first?
Things at the bottom?
Derpy_Hooves: I actually like the seaponies. :S
Fuck you I do what I want
SirGanjalf, what's your first?
Not people/
mita: Which in turn reflects that the Joker had already won.
SirGanjalf: what's your first?
Sure I have all the episodes on my comp. But i dont watch Dragon Quest becuz I want to see it in here.
CK|Ded: it would've been nice if they had perhaps addressed that just for the sake of closure
Hey bronies imagine if..... actually don't
Yeah. The seaponies totally dropped the ball on that whole ferry-bomb thing. :|
Watchmen
01,11Twilight_Sprinkle: I'm just the opposite. I was into the film up until the scene when Joker was taken into custody. After that, it was talking, talking, talking, with only ONE real action scene, and then the climax hits and it doesn't give you time to breath. I just think the pacing was completely off due to how much exposition they felt they had to give.
Eli: 5-6 years is actually quite a optimistic guess
helpful as can be ponies simply signal S.O.S
05,15come to think of it, I only REALLY like most of the S1 episodes, for the most part the rest are rather meh.
mita: Ergo it runs contrary to the movie's core argument. >_>
I thought when Rachel died they were going to make her Harley Quinn for a bit
Im going to watch some G1 MLP, anypony have an good episode to suggest?
Rex_Mundi, all of it?
makes sense I guess but I've never seen Watchmen
twilight_sprinkle: yeah, told you "not wanting to be pessimistic". i look forward to it :)
Rex_Mundi: Have you watched the pilot?
Jeez credits take forever.
Silverscreen: Movie should end when Joker was escaping in police car:P
01,11mitamaking: actually, after the hospital scene I was thinking Harley would be in the film as well, thinking the Joker might have kidnapped one of the nurses.
Well, skip!
05,15......I like trains
CK|Ded: What is this movies core argument, chaos reigns, bad people can do good, good people can turn bad
Rex_Mundi, a good episode? uhmmmmmm idk imo they are all bad
Silverscreen: but the talking was so enjoyable, watching joker screw with their heads and use his knowledge of psychology, and it was demonstrated in the end that he was interested in it
AJIsAwesome: Yep! Also the 2nd special too, nd the movie
Meh, its just sad that I love watching pony eps when theyre on the Hub... but the other day when Lesson Zero was on... i turned off my tv :(
err...try watching the smooze movie Rex_Ivan *its the only one I know
:O
donutpop365: You should watch the LOTR credits
I want to confess something...
xD
Fluttercry I like Turtles
13seems more TDK's climax is the chicken scene on the street, after that it forgets what buildup is, suddenly remembers for the boat scene, then forgets to pay off
RaveBrony: I'd of done the same if it's any comfort.
PassTheFuckingPotato, what?
Well, I never watch the pony eps and the B movie looks like it could curdle milk so I guess I'll go play TF2 or something.
that intense noise :D
That ep is just... aah :D
^:D
I don't like MLP, i'm just here because a friend told me this site was streaming batman.
I fucking love Batman.
I still think Spiderman 1 my favorite superhero movie
PassTheFuckingPotato: Wel, that's okay.
wtflarp?!
Lesson Zero and Luna are so overhyped that, depsite thinking those eps are decent, I've kind of started hating them.
RaveBrony: It's overrated, 'nuff said.
watchmen the movie is almost exactly the same as the graphic novel
PassTheFuckingPotato: well you missed it
PassTheFuckingPotato: Not everyone is a brony.
PassTheFuckingPotato: then you're still welcome here :)
PassTheFuckingPotato: XD Hope you had fun!
PassTheFuckingPotato, is your friend a fan of MLP?
time for ponies
Mhhm
PassTheFuckingPotato, did you enjoyed the movie?
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
01,11Twilight_Sprinkle: that's true, but the Joker in the Animated Show and even in the original Batman movie did the exact same thing, only they managed it through their actions rather than their words.
whats next?
thats ok, fans and non fans of FIM are welcome :)
PassTheFuckingPotato: but now ponies
mitamaking: I thought Spiderman 1 was the weakest of those 3 tbh.
im going to die
Tank time
Massive tonal shift from TDK to MLP.
PassTheFuckingPotato: prepare for whiplash
PONIESSS
Meanwhile...
PONIES!
Holy shit, dings eveywhere
pony time
PONIES
PUNIES
OHMAI
05,15This fandom has a tendency to overdo things
PassTheFuckingPotato: An episode is next if you want to try it out
Why the things at the bottom?
OJ...
WORNG ORDER
That's fine PassTheFuckingPotato, as long as you're not trolling
PONIES !!!
PONIES
PONY TIME
Czech
^
WOOHOO
catgroove
o3o
Rex_Ivan: try fugitive flowers
WOOOO
^^
Oh look. Lesson Zero.
Sorry kids, it's pony time!
lol ponies
Ponies need to sit down lower
Or overlook the stuff they shouldn't
DERPDERPDERPDERP: really, even 3 is better
PassTheFuckingPotato: your forgiven but only because your beautiful
woops
Amen, Fluttercry, amen
mita: Actually the core argument is summed up nicely at the end. To prevent chaos from winning, they had to resort to the same criminal behavior they were condemning. Yet they try to pitch it with a moral spin, even though that's nonsense.
You've switched the Pony eps around Sumi
Wrong pony order.
Ponies watching ponies
Oh shit my favorite ep
Dark Knight to MLP in a split second talk about an attempt mindscrew
love this episode soo much
OH!
Metaponies
mitamaking: I kinda liked 3...
*sigh*
Wait, I thought Wreks episode was the second one
Though I guess Lesson Zero following Dark Knight is better
aahhhhhhhh
yess i love this epeisoed
still cant stand the intro song
Time to Clo-... im mean, time for ponies...
01,11inb4 france/friends spam
PassTheFuckingPotato, not dings.. pings lol if u want to take a look at the series stay you might like it :)
Lesson Zero after TDK? Brilliant!
Crazy Twilight time
inb4 france
Yo dawg....
not enough checklists
Fluttercry: especially if those things involve making some character an innocent woobie victim for them to fantasize helping/getting thank-you sex from.
Barbetos: I know what you mean. :D
Oh yeah, there's Applejack's hat :D
damnit Silverscreen
Silverscreen: Imma do it now :3
this is a top 10 episode in my book :D
I would like Spiderman 3 more if there was a Spiderman 4
05,15and think that absolutely everything is amazing and nothing is bad ever.
Everyone suddenly turned the volume down when TDK ended
Fraaaaaaaaaaanceee!!!
Frieeeeeeeendsss
Silverscreen: PAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANTSSSSSSSS :S
FRANNNNCE
Freeennzzz
Lmao!
FRIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEMDS
PassTheFuckingPotato: you're still here? :D stay:|
SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIN
3rd favorite episode for me :)
5th Fav
Don't have a favorite episode.
well, a lot of people, not just the fandom, have this weird relationship with the idea of quality.
no bye lol
Silverscreen: havent seen the original one, but if the animated one is the one that was streamed here a few days ago, then i think the psychology there was pretty basic, just him being nuts mostly. in this movie he really is defeating enemies with their own minds by talking, i thought watching such aggressive psychology was quite fascinating
i prefer this episode over may the best pet win so i'm pleased because i have to sleep after this and the lottery (if it is tonight)
^
Is it Ponyville or a mini golf course?
PassTheFuckingPotato: This is a good episode. Check it out.
Like 5th favourite to me
awwww he left
the clock is ticking twilight
goddamnit rainboy dash DOWN IN FRONT
I thought Let the Best Pet win was first
CUPCAKES!
CUPCAKES
:O
No.
SO SWEET AND TASTY!
Time for OCD.
Mhhm
she has OCD
^
cupcakes :o
05,15Remember that Luna's Lament cartoon? How bad it was yet everyone flipped over it all time?
Like, for most people, they never seem to think anything could be middling, or average, or flawed but still entertaining. Everything either sucks, or it's a masterpiece
MUFFINS! .....wait
DON't BE TOO HASTY!
awesomes8wc3: totally
No I don't C
Obsessive Cupcake Disorder
yep
Horrible OCD
OCD
OCD is a bad problem
rainbow dash anyone?
You fail at cupcakes forever, Twi. :|
Yes Twilight, that would bother me too!
PaladinDrakkenwolf: :D
Luna's Lament?
mitamaking: Maybe Sumi switched them around because it makes sense to have the epic pony ep follow something epic like TDK
Its just 13 cupcakes twi. Get over it.
Daw. My kitty just curled up in my lap. :3
oops twilight
AT THE ATOMIC LEVEL!
nobody gets any FREAKING ICING
two twoiloight eps today then
RaveBrony: fanmade animation thing. Rather blah
turn them into muffins
:\
05,15Something like that I don't remember the name
she could've given the 13th one to spike
hmm
YAY! no icing!
BUT 13 ISN'T AN EVEN NUMBER!
perfect
05,15Most things fall into the middle catagory for me
I liked Fluttershy's Lament <3 never heard of Luna
wow, what a tard.
*Luna's
donutpop365: bring the laser!
down in front a bit :)
nice spike
SWEET!
First crazed Twi face of the ep
RAWRity: Yeah no kidding. It's either perfect or not, and if it's not perfect, it's blasphemy.
Suddenly TAZ
13Fou_Lou: two for each mane six, one for spike
wait is this Lesson Zero?
He'll be feeling that later.
Oh wait this is Lesson Zero huh.
twilight_sprinkle: Yep, the laser cutter or the CNC laser?
FOU_Lou: You can in Z23
Fluttershy's Lament actually helped me to look up the show in the first place :D
You know the point of a baker's dozen originally started as a way for the bakers to avoid charges of fraud, right?
......it begins
pony_300: Eeyup
I thought this was the time travel episode.
pony_300 yes
donutpop365: CNC
Shizuka: so spike gets only one. it defies her own rules
Suddenly nuts
13yes
u just had to say tht spike ...
FFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
as much as i love that episode, i gotta go to bed. NIGHT GUYS :)
Sanity level: -5
fuck yes! Never watched this episode through
Yeah, Spike, that's from writing sure;)
inb4 Tardy
ALL OF THE WEEKS
13spike has a cupcake addiction
13it's for his own good
:D
13 is a perfectly fine number to divide by6
TUESDAY!
Ask for an extension
http://derpiboo.ru/102713 all from this one episode
05,15Then I probably got the name wrong, anyway, there was a cartoon that had TERRIBLE voice acting, yet people flipped whenever it was on and acted like it was the best thing ever
I put my calendar on the wall
me no like dis ep
twilight_sprinkle: Sounds good, are you sure we shouldn't just make the cupcakes conductive and use the plasma CNC?
24
not Tuesday! :O
DAT SUN
Sun is buffering.
Rex_Ivan: but not if you want an Integer result
This is the power of Trollestia
TARDAY:O
13nissan
Poor Spike - always taking Twilight's abuse
01,11This episode alone proves that twilight's OCD.
THE CLOCK IS TICKING!
Tuesday is now the second to last day of the week, huh.
You know what? I think I just realized that Twilight broke the 4th wall when she stated that she should write a letter every week
visual gag #1
TARDY
Twilight on her bed.... sexy
O_o
Ponies have 7 day week confirmed
Or possibly
Silverscreen: she was always a BIT OCD but this time
Tuesday: My most hated day of the week.
Why'd Spike go down there?
You send her a letter every week....execept for when the season's not going because you're not doing everything every week
I dont listen to much fan -made stuff sadly...
She does Discord proud
Tardy! Worse than death!
but look at Twi getting worked up over an integer result
the drama xD
Twilight, this is serious!
and shes still not a queen
OJ: because she was on the bed upside down?
AJIsAwesome: huh, I always liked tuesday
donutpop365: lets use BOTH!
It would be the moon Twillight
...late..
I suppose it's worth noting, at the end of the day, does anything anyone else says matter?
You can't overthink this!
they beat them
or she could have just you know, ASKED FOR AN EXTENSION :0
This has been me lately.
magic...Kindergarted :O
I'm so Twilight Sparkle.
13it's not demonstrated that list making is a compulsion, just efficient at ensuring things are done
hey look alicorn filly, meh
The horror! THE HORROR!
Meh
visual gag #2
twilight_sprinkle: Alright, sounds like a plan.
ONE MILLION YEARS MAGIC KINDERGARDEN
If Twilight were OCD, she'd be sending a friendship letter, and forgetting that she sent it and send it again and repeat until she actually remembers that at least one was sent
Because Teachers always have it out for their students
I mean, think about it. When S2 premiered, we had new episodes about every 2 weeks I think for a certain time
Dinky!
J_E_Smith71: Maybe she dose. It would explain all of the scrolls Spike pukes up in Return of Harmony
05,15It's okay RaveBrony, I don't watch ANY fan made stuff
13people like misusing OCD to mean any attention to detail
Guess Kindergaden sucked for Twi for her to be afraid of it
Notice the filly alicorn in the back.
Every new episode, frendship lsson
no not kindergarten... TO THE MOOOOOOON
Just cut out a passage from a Chicken Soup book
i never make lists. ever.
it's funny that the same night I'm watching TDK, somebody on my facebook makes a really stupid post on facebook about the Aurora DKR shooting.
yeah the filly Alicorn
just...just make something up Twilight.
:C
Listen Twi. When SPIKE is being the voice of reason, you should take stock of your situation. :|
wait why are the mst3k pony still there?
05,15people misuse a lot of mental disorders
tummy ache? :p
Pale_Horse: Exactly.
I would make lists, but it would take me all day to get it right.
Shizuka: the cupcake bit was OCD though
Oh Spike
"So, James Holmes is just a suspect? Are judicial system should be shot! He was found with a gun! And he admitted it! Like legit? What more do you want... he said he wanted to be the Joker... THE BAD GUY! Did I mention he said he did it? Gosh I need to be a judge or a lawyer, this stuff wouldn't happen"
Date with Rarity, Spike - You missed the boat
Yep.
Kinixys|afkish: IKR? :D
Windmil Ticking
i have a problem
05,15Like how every teenager is ADD or bipolar
Definitely OCD.
Everypony seems to forget that celestia cant send ponies to the moon
Here comes the fun stuff
Sparkle eyes:O
Yay Rarity time :D
inb4 worst possible thing
Why you?
THE
WORST
Inb4 Rarity's line spam
Fluttercry: yeah they sur SQUIRREL!! :O
Help Berry Punch with her fanon drinking problem?
POSSIBLE
THING
THE
Fluttercry: not even some of the fan animation?
inb4 worst possible thing
01,11I'm surprised Spike didn't run over Twilight trying to go help Rarity in need...
Rarity!!! <3
that line
Here it comes...
05,15otakon nope
THING
xDD
<_>
<3 Rarity Drama
mmmm ham
There it is!
13spike's busy eating the cupcakes
05,15and RAWRity "ARE"
The worst possible the thing!
Dat Pout
Rarity <3
THE WORST POSSIBLE THING
<3
DAT TWINKLE
05,15ARE!?
this coming from a girl who, until last month, thought that driving without a seatbelt on was a felony
<3
High and low
I tried to make an organized list of tasks and things that need to be done. It fell through the next day
dat sad face
but have you searched medium??
Fluttercry: are
that pouty face
rofl twi's face
Oh there it is
if only Ninjazz was here
oh celestia
That would be what disorger?
Perfectionism?
"Excellent."
Tuba.....
RAWRity: *facehoof.
nt send ponies to the moon
inb4 she finds it
why would it be any place OTHER than the last place you looked?
never fear twilight is here o3o
Too bad when rarity gets her hooves on gems it makes her outfits gaudy as buck.
Yes, because you stop searching when you find it
05,15My brain cannot process that
Rarity can't find gems in ribbon with gem tracking spell - therefor Dark Matter
Ill admire good fan animation of the show
Gosh I love Rarity <3
well I would certainly hope it was in the last place you looked
but it also scares me.
and her pout
OW MY EYE
I LOVE her pout
CrimsonPhoenix: i would neevr have noticed...
Twilight is like Batman.
Poofs
13this is why shizu doesn't facebook
here's a comment she made after somebody told her that you can't send somebody to prison until a trial is held:
" dude he shot over 50 people... and killed 14 including a 5good year old.... its like the lady from Florida who drowned her baby and OJ Simpson ..... THEY ARE ALL GETTING AWAY WITH SHIT.... sorry ... i have alot of opinions"
KICK!
Always bothered me that Rarity levitated scissors so close to her eyes
PAUNCH!
05,15The only fan animation I really was like OOOOOOOHHH SNAP was that Pinkie Pie present short
I'm trying to get away form Facebook.
Oh, I brought it up. Yes, there WAS a Winged Unicorn in the imagine spot about magic kindergarten
everypony seems to forget that Celestia cant send ponies to the moon anymore
CrimsonPhoenix: wat are you channeling the spirit of Ninjazz or something :S
RAINBOW KICK!
And then Sonic Rainnuke scene
inb4 Orbital Friendship Cannon
FALCON PAWNCH!
Maybe she's angry at Granny Smith
How Wonderful ^_^
05,15Well...OJ was kind of a fail
Spectrum_Rush, I've always been a fan of rarity
she has a lot of opinions. None of them informed.
RAINBOW PUNCH!
inb4 everyone's favorite scene
PROPERTY DAMAGE!
05,15But still, due process dog
Rainbow The Demolisher
llol
and then rainbow dash kissed
Twilight Sparkle Therapist
A thousands ships were launched
Therapist?
:D
Can celestia still send ponies to the moon? Does she need to use the Elements of harmony for that?
Aaha.
13fluttercry wasn't here last time i streamed music huh
Hire her if you have condemed property that needs to be knocked down
I like the way Rarity speaks :P
I liked the rest of the carnage more than the Sonic Rainnuke.
the_rapist
I like RD with safety goggles.
Fluttercry: The one where shes only squeaking and such?
ShIPSHIP{SHIP
Kinixys: Same here. :D
TACTICAL RAINBOMB INBOUND!!
I forgot how many scenes in this episode bronies love. It has all of them it seems like
rainbow tach nuke
inb4 Twilight theRapist
RIANBOW
TACTICAL RAINBOOM, INCOMING!
NUKE
We'll meet again...
Ashleigh Ball bossing aroujnd Asheligh Ball
Sonic Rainnuke
NUKE
3
2
booom
1
Don't know where...
tac nuke inbound
SONIC ATOMIC BOMB
05,15Shizuka I was around for the end part of it. What'd I miss?
Kinixys: likewise
05,15RaveBrony yup
Don't know when...
13GOD BLESS THE USAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
War. War never changes...
I love that one :)
FATALITY
ITS FO FULL OF FRIENDSHI
This episode alone has made a million bronies.
Thousands of pony casualties, but look at those colors
Keep talking to yourself, ponies will think your crazy
Sanity level: -100
1 MILLION.
Twilight breaks a liiiiittle bit more...
'Murica
Friendship. Friendship never changes....
FLUTTER COMBAT
pay money to one everday
Cypresswolf: :D
Hey all.
BEAR
Brb everypony, im gonna hate missing this
Hey Randomnerd
FIGHT!
And now for the other bit of the ep....
You know... FOR KIDS!
Friendship fallout covered half the kingdom
0,14oh
0,14that
Howdy Randomnerd!
whi thought of rainbow nukestep by the living tombstone?
And here's the part that The HUB has on their ads
First thing I ever saw with Ponies
who
K.O.!
here it comes
13http
Celestia is really sloppy with moving the sun, if she always moves it like that...
Sorry, I was hanging out in regular chat.
FINISH HIM!!!!
13derp
FINISH HIM
KO!!!!
/me <-- kids show
For Kids
You know for litte girls.
Fluttershy has been practicing of Fighting is Magic
FATALITY
ded
FATALITY
die
ded
Well, im going to go make a quick snack.
FATALITY
ded\
13http://haruko.vortalcord.net/host/primecrimelive.mp3
FLAWLESS VICTORY
Hey, Everlasting_Joy , RaveBrony
deed
and that kids is what you do to bullys!
Ear twitch XD
FLUTTERSHY WINS1
Fluttershy Wins
the best part isthat Twi was more concerned about the letter than Fluttershy suddenly becoming a murderer
FRIENDSHIP!
That's cute
Not.
twilight doesnt even care she just kille da bear
Froze on Twlight's shocked face
And Twilights broke...
:[ wins fatality
best scene
Chiropractors are canon
heavy bear!
Fluttershy wins in a blowout
my Precious
stop being a scaredy pony chat and play amnesia. to the end.
Come to Ssssparkle...
05,15Al Jebra
:[
-500 sanity :O
Celestia answers all prayers... with TROLLING.
Keep. It. Together!
give bullies a massage? Never thought of that :P
13pete zahut
The famous gif for people waiting for season 3.
Golum now
:D
I talk to myself all the time.
Gollum level of madness reached.
Indeed
Creepy
Twlight reminds of me when I have a hard assignemnt that gets put off. "You're a good student! You can do this!"
05,15Shizuka I've heard things like this before. I love these
D:
That ear twitch.
visual gag #3
NIGHTMARE FUEL
OJ: I actually do that sometimes.
uh oh
me myself and i
Hell
Twilight is as mad as a hatter
Flutteryshy is so talented! How many degrees do you think she has?
OJ: Not excessively though.
Aww, it lagged for me.
It's pony hell
squeeky
01,11We loves Spike, We loves him so much. No, We hates Spike! Spike steals precious letterz.
OJ: do you also see yourself saying other things in the mirror?
D:
Snap
Moron spike
Twilight: "You wanna know how I got this cutie mark?" *lipsmack*
...I like this episode...:D
I thought the end of this episode would be her staging a problem and actually causing one.
CK|Ded, lol
Rex_Ivan: Yeah but I say it backwards in the mirror
i put baloons in my bnasket
This
Silverscreen: lol
<3 RD
uh oh
THE WORST POSSIBLE THING
LINE
Deal wit it
*chair*
Three levels of mad, mad as in angry, mad as in insane, and mad as in MAD magazine
WORST. POSSIBLE. THING.
THE
WORST
rainbow swag <3
like a BOSS rainbow
POSSIBLE
narp
THING
not its not....
suhwag
and suddenly, couch
stupid sexy rarity
Twilights completely broke.
swag
Hi Twilight?
Yeah this episode was made for the Bronies
dear god its getting worse!
RD's gangsta ass Shades
dat music
unswag
Quick!
...........
Yep, she lost it.
Here comes the crazed Twi faces
Give twilight some hugs!!
this episode is perfect after TDK
yes?
Quick, call the ponies with the white jackets!
Twilight: The Descent
^
YES!!!
Barbetos: and kiss her too... and smell here
Notice how AJ just rolls her eyes
Big_macinsocks: ...........
13today on all my ponies, five mares who trivialize a problem that is clearly causing severe stress for their friend
NO
BANG.
Calm down Twilight.
Barbetos: and by "hugs" you mean anti psychotics
Twilight called the sea ponies like 10 times. They are not answering!
They don't mean to be assholes, they just are
Problem!!
...Oh look it's Lesson Zero.
TARDY
poof
Did the Lottery already go down?
Friendship is an abstract concept which veries from culture to culture...
TARDIS
Shizuka As Equestria Turns
13tomorrow
Reikim: Tomorrow.
13is closed though
Lottery is tomorrow.
OJ: Exactly.
Calm Down Twilght.
And of course it's Lesson zero.
UUUUUUUUUUUUUUURGHHH
Lucky, I put in my application on time for once!
RRRRRRRRRrrrrrrrrrrrr
She raged quit
shessh
fuuuuuuuuuck
Ugh
Twilight Sparkle has left the Server
rage quits life
^ :d
what a drama queen
I've been in her shoes more times than I care to remember.
AJIsAwesome: AJIsAwesome don't cha know
Rarity we love you
twilight /quit
CLOCK. EEZ. TEEKING.
/me loads shotgun
You're my QUeen, rarity!
CLOCK .IS TICKING
It's always Lesson Zero or Sonic Rainboom or Luna Eclipsed or Party of One.
Whole Life? What does Celestia do to ponies who don't turn in an assignment? O_O
TEECKENG
TICKING
-9001 sanity
TEA KING
"You see, madness, as you know, is like gravity. All it takes is a little push!" Which Celestia provides:|
CLOCK IS TICKING
pony_101010101000101: :D
dat grinch reference
Here it comes...
She's gone full Cheshire Cat
Every time I hear that line I start playing Timelapse in my head.
inb4 creepy line
ironically, Twilight Sparkle is her own friendship problem in progress
EEp
05,15Maybe this time we'll remember to make the list public (names removed) so that you can see which movies aren't eligible
CRAZY
0_o
ill make one!
http://www.derpibooru.org/57432?scope=scpe43fd03679ef2b18aefcb71fefed03bdf6cc3b457
Want it need it video is now in my head
oh noes
inb4 secret butt fun
best line coming up
Didn't you already do that once?
Hai Giiiiirls~
HAI GURLZ
HAI GURRRRRRRRLZ *twitch twitch twitch*
6_9
How long before we bronies become this waiting for season 3
HAI GURRLS
HI GIRLS
one two Twilight's coming for you
I'll make one
HAI GURLZ
HI GIIIIIRLSSSSSSSSS
HAI GURLDZ
teicking :P ILL MAKE A PROBLEMZ *spills milk and starts writeing letter*
Ahahaha.
Twilight Sparkle The Rapist
Some people have issues remembering the one-year-rule.
Quick, call a adult pony! :O
They're GRREAT
:S
THEY NEED AN ADULT!!!!
Their grrr-eat!!
05,15also, people aren't finishing their surveys...
HI GIRLZ
Set that as your text tone.
Those ear twitches.
WHY SO SERIOUS, FILLIES?
Secret but fun
Eeyore!
Darf14, but she is an adult pony
FEAAAR
THATS PEDO TALK
scoot
Twilight is just being Tara
there*
Why?
13we did that when we moved to the new system, and people promptly ignored it
TWILIGHT is an adult
DAT MANE
why did Twilight Sparkle destroy their ball? In order to get them to focus on her smarty pants toy. FRIDGE BRILLANCE ACHIEVED.
and nightmares were made...
I really like her mane?
DAT EAR TWITCH :$
Except I never approached it with scheming. Just raising my voice to unhealthy levels.
I really like her mane
voice crack!
main what
ASoftFluffyThing: OH no! The CMC are doomed! :'(
i really like her mane
Could you not add that as a note to the actual email?
HOOMWORRK!!!!DAMIT!!!
bye every pony
I like her mane too.
She's gone full Tom Cruise/Nicholas Cage/Marlon Brando
maneee?:S
Fluttercry: Maybe you guys could put the movies and eps at the top of this page so it stops all this quesiton asking.
I really like her mane
main what?!
VOICE CRAKC
Bye therainbowvortex
bye therainbowvortex
i really like her mane
Sweetie Belle! <3
GOOD FRIENDS
But I still love Scoots more
GOOOD FRENDS
SUCH. GOOOOOOD FRIENDSSSS
coockoo...
Put it somewhere on there.
Know Your Mare: Princess Celestia - Sends bad students to the acid mines >_>
I wonder what a new Smartypants would look like
:)
coookoooooo
public static void Mane(int [] args)
NO MOVIES THAT WERE RELEASED IN THE PAST YEAR.
13yeah i'm not doing wordpress plugins again
Sorry, but chickens dont play with dolls
Sweetie Bell<Scootaloo<Applebloom
that nononononono
05,15The idea is that we'd put it in a front page post, but I wonder if people even know we HAVE a frontpage
NO REPEATS OF MOVIES PLAYED IN THE LAST...I forgot the time limit
IT BEGINS
05,156 months
Applejack says its important to share!
i tried to convert a friend wit hthis ep. didnt work
NO REPEATS OF EPISODES PLAYED IN THE LAST TWO WEEKS
This is what she learned from Candace
want it need it spell...
I really like her mane
A time limit you should really extend, btw.
Want it. need it.
13backlog fell apart because the API backend started to fail
voice crack <3
DAT VOICE CRACK
want it need it grenade
h4x version
Given the number of times people ask what the movies are despite having it on the front...
dat voice crack <3
Da tSqueaky voice
WANT IT NEED IT (hold me)
THAT INCREDIBLE AMAZING DOLL<3
<3
*use anti love shield*
congradulations cadence. you have reach twilight level
Dont look at it! Shield your ey- .... I WANT THAT DOLL <3_<3
I wonder if Twilight learned that spell from Cadance.
VOICE KRAC
Wonders why Twilight has not at least washed it if she cared about it so much
And Twilight Sparkle proceeds to destroy the world with a single spell.
Mind Control is Magic
05,15I'd seriously like to ban Lesson Zero and Luna Eclipsed for a while
So, I went through and corrected all of that FB girl's spelling errors. Her response? " Spelling in this case doesnt matter to be quite honest"
<3 bonbon
05,15dead serious
13and it's well established that a vanishingly small minority actually check if a movie is eligible
Heroic Twilight
I guess smartypants is the reason Twilight is shipped with Eeyore
smack :3
Why not ask your brother for advice Twilight? No? Or how about that one pony who makes love! Cadence? No?
Oh okay.
Mind Control doesnt help at all.
Oy
But then, frankly, why do you think they'll read anything you put out?
Sexy Mac!!
Eeyup
Fluttercry: I'd second it.
RAWRity, what are you doing?
Eyeup.
eeyup
Big Mac is a solid wall of pony.
Big Mac NOOO.
eeNope
nope
nope.
<3_<3 Eenope
Noope
eeeenope
lol
NOPE
nnope
.avi
oh no!
Smarty Pants is the doll Ponyville derserves, but not the one it needs right now
That AMAZING INCREDIBLE DOLL
05,15Meanwhile exactly, most of the stuff we post is ignored
Bon Bon voice
Bon bon
mayor now
Barbetos: I never saw Cadence's spells as making love. Just fixing broken relationships, IMO.
One thing I like about this show is the slapstick looks and sounds like it actulally hurts. Reminds me of the Three Stooges
Bon Bon, master of voices
Bon Bon
Big Mac, turn off your damn swag already
13>most
13>all
GIVE ME!!!
And then Big Mac became an audience surrogate.
bon bon
Bon Bon is a ventriloquist
DAT INCREDIBLE AMAZING DOLL
Big Mac gets all the fillies.
dat streangth
ALL DA MARES
Big Mac's Swag
NOPE.
NOPE
nnope
inb4 Derpy spam
truck
TURN OFF YOUR TARGETING SYSTEM!
You've got small minority right in any case.
05,15I'm only saying most and not all because I want to feel relevant
Bon bon is best voice actress
Boom! And the mares are in the next town.
nope!
Was Mayor Mare elected or did her cutie mark give her the position
Derpy spam in 5 mins.
TARGET LOCKED
STAMPEDE
/me laughs
derpy
Oats and Apples: Part of a balanced breakfast
Nittany_Twilight: Prepare yourselves...
creey rainbow dash heart eye
I smell Derpy spam... Get in a shelter! :O
uh oh
here comes the troll
ENCHANTMENT
lol dashie conversion block
"relevant"
Here's what you do: Next time Lesson Zero or Luna gets requested, the night of the stream you can just pretend that the streamer's copy of the file was corrupted, or accidentally deleted. Then say, "Well, can't run YT with the stream going. So we'll just watch another one."
green flash?
inb4 trouble
I'd imagine the folks likely to notice that stuff are the people who should be in here.
Fission mailed
Wonder how Twilight played with Smarty. Maybe like this: http://i.imgur.com/KrXshl.jpg
TROUBLE
TWILIGHT SPARKLE
Tactical Celestia Inbound
Congratulations Twilight, you're the new Agent of Chaos
3
/me runs into the bunker for derpy spam
OHHHHHHH FUCK
now for Celestia's Royal Canterlot Voice
Princees Celesti used THE ROYAL CANTERLOT VOICE
OR
2
13[Admin] Celestia has connected to the server
1
Y U NO SED LETTER??? TO THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON
She in trouble
oh shit
0
GOD IS HERE
YOU FAIL
I MILLION YEARS DUNGEON!
OH SHIT, ADMIN:O
PEW
HERE SHE IS
Extend the bloody time limit on episodes.
ROYAL CANTERLOT VOICE
OR
she mad
dat derp
ur in deep shit
Deerrrrrpy...
She hit the reset button
Derpy!!!!
induring derpy spam
Derpy <3
Actually I just had a brilliant moment of brilliance
Oh Derpy
Derpy! :)
derp
Smarty Pants noo
But even then, I link directly to a theatre page and only check the front if I forget what movies are on.
mac
lol
Derpy:P
Derpy :)
How many episodes do we have...24?
lol
Oh Big Mac
Mac = brony
<3
XP
GODDAMIT SHE CANT SEND PONIES TO THE MOON ANYMORE
dat big mac
troll moement
SirGanjalf: you require an admin?
Derpy: At first I was like :|, then I was like 6_9
Reikim: 52
hehe
You're in deep shit now
1326 per season
or the moon
Danny from G1 is original brony
Big mac is a Brony! ... but hes already a pony.. ... so.... err... *head explodes*
DoctoDoctorWho: Because it's unethical?
Hmmmmm
D:
LINE!
ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON!
05,15Every time Lesson Zero and Luna Eclipsed are picked, we show newborn cuties
her hair went to neat!
13OR
Wait, that Spider's Web movie didn't quality for the "Worst Movie Clause"?
THE
WORST
WORST. POSSIBLE. THING
POSSIBLE
Reikim: 52, 49 with the two parters.
THING
I like Fluttercry's idea
THE WORST POSSIBL THING
goddamnit twilight, you know i dont care what you do with your friends! just send me the goddamn letters!
ONE MILLION YEARS MOON
13we start voting spongebob episodes instead
;) XD
THE WORST POSSIBLE THING
Here's an idea. Only let them vote for one episode a week.
05,15OKAY
Poor Twi.
Princess Celestia used the Elements of Harmony to send Princess Luna to the moon. And she only did so as a last resort.
x4 zoom
Evening Bronystate
Pinkie Pie, you shouldnt have seen Twilight in the first place
13only seasons 1-3 ofc
05,15but only pre-movie episodes
Hello Conyst
Trady
trolololololololololololololol
Hi, Conyst :)
OH, you mean the pony :P
NOPE, NOT REALLY. TO THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON
AJIsAwesome: cuz she had to use the elements of harmony, It wasnt a given ability
IM YTRAD!
The second episode can be a random one from a list that gets shorter as you go through it.
her hair is fixed?
Rainbow entrance
dat Pinkie twi nuzzle
She looks So PISSED
Basically you'd end up cycling through all 52 eps in a year.
let the trooling begin
If you're going to do it like that why don't you just remove episodes from the lottery entirely and just play them in order?
Cele's troll face is on maximum
Go away Celestia, no one like you.
dat BGm from a movie
cant spell today
And then, for the first ep, you could make the timeout on eps longer.
1 MILLION YEARS DUNGEON
:P 3
2
Crippler: I like her. :S
13since nothing happened to any of them as a result of this episode
T-T
1
Crippler OBJECTION!
Dungeon! All of you, Dungeon! 25 years no trial
Crippler, Me too :3
I vote a whole month before an ep can be played again.
So what would Twilights punishment had been?
13this is why canterlot wedding happens
You all work for me now
^
mica
yay. a change in the show's structure
from this day forth, you must send me taxes every weekend
01,11"DAMNIT! We have homework!"
LOOK AT CELESTIA PLAYING THEM
troll
XDD
I'd actually buy that.
I get to troll you all.
THREE! HOURS! DUNGEON! :[
damn to early
I'm expecting a male~
Spike is best friend
George Takei?
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mb36yvciaw1qi4bato1_500.png BAM!
xDD
M-A-L-E
the ep shoukd have ended right here
^
If you know what I mean
male
Celestia is one of the best ponies
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Music: The Wonderbolts / Psychedelic Brony: One Trick Pony / a
MALE
Two weeks is two short; that's why we get Luna Eclipsed and Lesson Zero once a month.
Twilight must have been dreaming about a centipede.
Did I just hear "oh my"
oh my
male o3o
So much writting
She's not a pony. She is a horse
Reikim: Don't you mean twice?
Luna is best pony
Yeah, where
SirTornado, yes you did
d that come from?
male a.k.a. stud
But again, people never read.
Where'd that come from?
How are we to keep track of all that?
IDK where that came from lmako
:D
SuperPInkie!
wonder if they get a lot of splinters fro mthat wood
Fuck off spike
And it is all true Spike.
spike is best poni
How many times do you think it'll get rerolled because no one noticed the "Month long time-out"
shaddap Spike!
Spike: I didn't learn anything! I knew it all along!
Don't let them get you down.
*there
xP
:D
pfft
Just for that you spend a day in the box Spike
I wonder how ofter Spike puts P.S.s on the letter
Dammit Spike, that was the whole letter!
meh
*throws spike in water*
What's next?
13there's a reason the intermission is 20 minutes
B Movie
inb4 +m
Did they enslave Spike just to be their scribe? How do they have a written a language!
did u notice AJ's eyebrows were doubled up
Don't forget including a link to all these rules as well as what's been shown in the previous month (for ponies) or year (for movies)
ooo b mov
Spike DID have some useful advice for Twilight in this episode.
05,15judging by the number of people that picked stuff that has been played in the last 6 months, a lot Meanwhile
inb4 Meanwhile is typing a Gondor joke
Living in Oblivion is the movie, just in case you want to know
Ryunosuke: lottery is tomorrow though ,i think
+m is tomorrow
If people have to hunt them down? They're not going to read them.
ASoftFluffyThing: :D
Sumica, due to my misconduct earlier tonight, I think it would be for the best if my lottery ticket were invalidated. If my number comes up, please reroll.
DISCUSS
did anyone noticed twilight hair went to messy to fixed
Exactly.
It feels good to be back on here.
I'm still amazed no one has yet picked Beauty and the Beast.
13that intermission 1.0
How long is this Intermission?
Derpy's in the popcorn again...
dat old intermission
Kandarihu: What happened?
I think that everybody should Vote for Idiocracy in the next Lottery
because Twilight is OP?
why is it some weeks it friday, and others its saturday :p
AJIsAwesome: lolol
13ponies do not have to suffer through my abominable version anymore
And the link -needs- to be on the same page as the survey.
Ye olde fashioned lottery intermission
derpcorn?
I wonder how you can write with a quill in your mouth - its a feather
ELLO EVERYPONY!
How long is this?
01,11Next to Applejack, Spike is the most sane and logical of the characters in the show. Which is ironic considering he's one of the youngest.
XylemTube: I will.
Mall tycoon 2 music
IT"S SO SMOOTH I CAN'T TAKE IT!
ie, when they're filling in their choices? Oh look, there's a link to the rules and such.
05,15actually now that I think about it, I haven't sifted through pony picks yet...ugh, BRB time to mark all the Lesson Zero
My Little Pony: Giving credibility back to the word "Twilight"
/me picks "Beauty and the Beast" Every week.
hello DJ_cyber-4G
Silverscreen: Only young for dragons.
Shizuka but I liek it. Its apart of bronystate. :3
Shizuka: yours was the one with the counter? That was handy if so
donutpop365: usually 10-20 minutes
gah im still suffering from hype from the next 2 best sisters
Shizuka, I liked your Intermission 2.0.....
/me picks Grave of the Fireflies.
Shizuka: I like your version actually
Spike has to be sane he lives with Twi.
HEY! What is this song? I like it
Sumica: lottery tonight?
Kinixys: hes like 6 months at the very begining
soothig
Really, maybe you should just start playing the pony in order.
Kinixys: Actually Spike is at least 4-6 years younger than Twillight and the rest
01,11Lottery is tomorrow night.
11,02Silverscreen: Bull, Pinkie is the most sane and logical character.
But, I got my B movie this week, so I shouldn't complain.
01,11But I do have an announcement to make.
Silver has an announcement
Meanwhile: Yeah, but then people will complain that weak episodes get played :-/
hopefully not bad news
01,11Fillies and Gentlecolts, Bronies and Mods. I regret to inform you that this weekend may be the last time that you see me in BronyState. I am graduating on October 2nd, and afterwards I shall be moving back home. Unfortunately, that means my internet will not only be limited, but also extremely slow. Therefore, I feel it would be best to resign from being a mod of BronyState.
They're going to bitch no matter WHAT happens.
People are complaining about episodes being OVERplayed.
oh goddammit
Oh no!
well that sucks
:(
aw, but who will feed me random chunks of information about movies?
We won't be hearing from Silverscreen for awhile
No matter what path you take someone will complain.
Aww...
01,11It has been fun being a part of it for another glorious summer, and I was happy to get to know everyone and enjoy the fun times that this site has brought. I'm sorry to say that I haven't been able to be a part of all the programs that BronyState has branched into. I felt most comfortable with only being involved with the one aspect of the place that I helped create and helped nurture
1,11into a fully successful and thriving community. That said, I hope that Bronystate continues to grow and expand into one of the greatest Brony communities online.
11,02O.O
yeah
still it's not goodbye just a see you later
/me hugs Silverscreen
01,11I see the list of names of everyone that is currently online. Many of them are unfamiliar to me, just as many I recognize from day one, and of course there are names missing that I really wish I could see once more to give a proper farewell. Thank you to everyone who has been with this site for as long as I can remember. Thank you to the mods who helped keep it running and keep it an
I rather liked SS's random movie facts.
1,11enjoyable place to be. And thank you to Bronystate in general for being the best experience durring my college life. Thank you everyone.
Damn.
brb guys need a quck shower
Oh, wow, I just realized the Mane 6 are getting up from their chairs.
cya soon, otakon
Silverscreen, Well that kinda sucks, you were my favorite part of BMN.
In heavies voice: It is SAD day! D=
:( we wish you all the luck Silverscreen \o/
Where was Gondor when that sucks Silverscreen, you were one of the most fun.
where was Gondor when +m on none lottery day and Silverscreen resigned :'(
:( Silverscreen
Where was Gondor when Silverscreen! nuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!! You will be missed dude. Best of luck for your future!
Silverscreen: Thanks for being awesome. I'll miss your trivia during the movie nights and wish you good luck back home. :)
Silverscreen: take care! Be safe! We will miss you
Hip Hip
good luck Silverscreen :(
Silverscreen was an actual person? With all the random trivia I thought it wasn't...
Bye Silverscreen :(
:'( Will miss you Silverscreen
Don't be a stranger, Silver. Come visit us when/if you can. ;_;
anyone know the movie tonight?
Farewell to you Silverscreen and good luck in what you go on to.
Silverscreen: We'll all miss you. Hope everything goes well. :(
^This
Silverscreen, congrats on your graduation and I wish you the very very best in life! *hugs*
bye :'(
Goodbye Silverscreen I hope to see you around still.
/me applauds for Silverscreen
Bye Silverscreen :(
Goodbye Silverscreen. Sorry to see you leave, you did such a good job on giving the info on movies. Also congrads for graduating
Even if it is not as often
01,11Technically, I could still come to chat. But because the best internet I have at home is *dialup* (*shudder*) I wouldn't be able to be a part of BMN.
oh also
bye silver :')
Dang, hope you get a great job with great pay to buy awesome internet :)
Silverscreen: we'll see you again eventually man, this isn't a goodbye it's a see you later. Thanks for everything truly. I don't know what kind of mess I'd be without this wonderful place and it's colorful cast.
OLD INTERMISSION <3
i will miss u Silverscreen :'(
speaking of Bronystate becoming big. I was disappointed when I didnt see it on a huge brony survey I took today.
Farwell Silverscreen, I hope you come back one day
/me shrugs
Goddamit, thats 2/4 of the original staff down and out...
Silverscreen: dear GOD the horror! You need to remedy that as soon as you can man.
The horrors of dialup.
Silverscreen: sure will miss the tricia. but hey, im sure this isnt the last time youre on, so enjoy your life and rest assured, that its not the last time
Silverscreen Thanks for sticking with us as long as you did and I know what it like to have crap internet I was on dial up for years
anyway brb
Silverscreen: Bring a laptop to a WiFi hot spot and do BMN there?
Silverscreen: Get a job, then get better internet then you can come bakc :)
I have not interacted with Silverscreen, but this doesn't stop me from wishing him well. Good luck wit your future endeavors.
Oh no, we'll miss ya.
Silverscreen, thanks for all the random trivia. We're gonna miss you :(
Haven't gotten to know ya, but now I probably can't.
CAN ANYONE TELL ME WHAT MOVIE B IS GOING TO BE?!
Silverscreen: Good luck with whatever you are going to do
still this intermission music i see
/me hugs Silverscreen. "It was nice knowing you, man."
Thanks for everything, Silverscreen
RainbowGuy: It's on the home page.
Silverscreen: You could go on hiatus instead of totally resigning due to internet issues.
Dang you dialup internet
RainbowGuy: tis on the front page
What happened to Shizu's new-fangled Intermission cartoon thingamabob?
Nittany_Twilight: Is Smartical
most smart phones nowadays are faster than dial-up and can be used as wireless modems
Silverscreen We'll miss you. Goodbye :(
05,15RaveBrony WHAT!?
13shredded and burned and launched into space
01,11Nittany_Twilight: I'm going to my local college for four years. I wouldn't just call that a Hiatus.
Nittany_Twilight: Silverscreen is Brony Emeritus.
Silverscreen: I'm gonna miss you man, Movie Night won't be the same without your trivia. Try to pop in once and a while if you can!
13was for the greater good
:I
/me didnt even know dial-up was still in exitance
where was trivia when Silverscreen left :(
Whyyyyyyy
It's not on the home page. The home page shows last week's movies
01,11Dovah: actually, I'm already working on getting a job, but all the money I'll be getting will be used towards my car and school.
But... why? It was nice...
05,15good question....where is the new one D:
Fluttercry: Not sure if sarcasm or srs :D
05,15It's so awesome
RainbowGuy: look at the updates, not the newsletter.
we will miss you Silverscreen you and your trivia :'(
I'm right with you Silverscreen. Do what it takes to get a job.
Presumably sumica couldn't find it.
Was, apparently.
But stay in touch with us.
^
Silverscreen: Hmm ask the Brony Comunity to donate? :S
13it's hosted in the same place all the movies are
The B movie is some documentary-type movie about makinga cheap movie, I think.
Busted file?
Shizu's head?
Can Someone tell Me What Oblivion Is...?
ah my derpy livewallpaper makes me happy
13file doesn't change
dont be HipsterBrony 2.0...
ghosts?
Guess he just hates in then. No other possible explanation.
dont weave us foevah!
Dovah: You may just be on to something...
Laurayne: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0113677/
A movie within a movie you say.
Yes! Yes! YES!
01,11For what? So I can be a moderator? Nah, I'd feel like a leech taking advantage of the Brony community if I asked for money.
05,15So.....Y no awesome intermission?
I wondered why it was the Derp Popcorn thing too. But seeing as how i came back late I figured the question was already asked.
Meanwhile: stop trying to incite a mod war.
*Derpy
Will this as good as Adaptation?
RAWRity: Don't need to there was one earlier.
You threw away Intermission 2.0?
i heard mod wars and i became erect
I Dont Think Im Interested in This movie....
13it's there with the other files on my drive
O_o
Silverscreen: not if we all love you and want to help you in any way we can...
heh, Dinklage
RAWRity: what can ya do, 16 year olds like to stir the shit.
13but i'm not running stream
Just go to a starbucks, they normally have pretty good wifi.
Laurayne: It is a B movie, not many people are interested in them.
most likely Sumi derped
film about filmaking? filmception
^
Does anyone wanna play Borderlands 2 on 360 with me?
05,15this sounds like a MIDI file
Laurayne: They're most known for being cult classics.
AJIsAwesome: Personally, some of my favorite films we've watched have been B movies.
damn, got back just in time
01,11At least artists actually give something to the fandom that costs money, thus warranting them asking for donations, but it'd feel wrong for me to do that.
I See
Silverscreen: I now raise my glass to you in a toast. In the hopw that you are able to do as you will in what you will. Good luck.
AJIsAwesome: i actually have more ideas for b movie than a :P
Blunderlands 2 on the x-box?
shameful
either selected the wrong intermission video and didn't realize it, or mislabled the files
Goodnight guys and farwell Silverscreen.
2 for 2, since Pet was supposed to be first ep shown :o
Tovler: Peter "Motherfucking" Dinklage :D
night Spazturtle
Night.
bai Spazturtle
This makes me think of : A glass of mayonaise for 11 minutes...GENIUS!
DERPDERPDERPDERP: I did say most, not all.
twilight_sprinkle: Same here.
sweet dreams
?
01,11I have no idea what we're watching now.
whats going on now?
Night, Spazturtle :)
Silverscreen: you've given us a great expireance.
man, a static image of a camera
Suddenly B movie
Fluttercry y no just change the rule to instead 2 weeks a month ? people would not see lesson zero and luna eclipsed for quite a while and we could see other eps as well
something called Living in Oblivion
Figures the final movie is something Silverscreen has no info for
dem oreos
Silverscreen living in oblivion
cheez
Silverscreen: Please do keep in touch at the VERY LEAST!
AJIsAwesome: I know, just saying. These are usually more... unique. Batman on the other hand I've already seen several times.
0,14needs to be longer
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: We already discussed that.
This is gving me a Clerks vibe.
TUESDAY!
Also what was the Question of the week? I need to be absolutly certain i heard it right.
Monday!
Additionally, thank you, whoever found this movie!
0,14or we'll have cycles of LZ, LU, Party of One, Sonic Rainboom and WWU
Wait, Shizuka. Am i still able to enter the lotto? Or is it "Enter 'by' Friday" regardless?
0,14ALL THE TIME
Friday! Friday!
Its friday night
TRUCK!
Everlasting_Joy well i was not here
oh hey. black and white.
Chevy
Yay, a new reason to sing Friday ahaha.
No you bought it last month
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: I'm aware of that, I'm just saying.
lol dat placement
13lottery closes thursday nights
nothing says pretentious like black and white
this guys knows how to give a complement
lol nudity.
Shizuka: Alright, ty. Thats what i thot :P
plays NSMB2 while this plays
RAWRity: :D
13we take the list and eliminate things like encores and misfiled movies
Goodnight Everypony... Ill Try To be back For The Pony Episode <3
shower scene...
U mean Psycho
bye Laurayne
Night Laurayne
night Laurayne
nighr Laurayne
night Laurayne
Bye, Laurayne! hope you had a great time here! :)
01,11You know, this is only the second black and white movie we've ever watched, the first one being Clerks (which was only black and white because of production, not for art or age value)
Night Laurayne
RAWRity: Nothing says taking the piss out of Pretentious movies like B&W
hi everypony sorry ive been too busy
05,15Well....this sure looks interesting /endsarcasm
man why does my internet have to suck
Laurayne cya :D
ima go bye everypony ill visit later
Hi, LoGaN :)
Silverscreen: Young Frankenstein?
Yay~ So Many Ponies Care <3 :)
What is with these silly hats?
05,15Silverscreen what about Young Frankenstein?
im trying to enjoy the bad milk but i disconnect everyone 5 seconds
bye princess :)
This is like the third week I forgot the lottery closes thursdays.
I dont even have another A movie to vote for....Have to look through my movie library
What is/was, the question of the week this week for the pixelperfectponyshow?
only the second really
bye :)
01,11Fluttercry: oh, I forgot about that one.
cya later princess
cya princess :3
bye princess
01,11Three movies. wooo. :P
132012
Goodnight princess
bai :3<3
Method acting
RaveBrony: choose Battle Royale
Dovah: What is your favorite character to see ponified and why.
bye princess
^
O.o
PRINCESS ISH OUT*le pewf*
Such a good film.
0,14better choice
0,14Top Gun
She has no memory.
i'm voting schindler's list
She has no memory of saying that what so ever
Hai mom.
AJIsAwesome: Mr Horse from Ren & Stimpy...oh wait
What if I chose "Spirit (yes, the horse movie)" for the lulz? :D
AJIsAwesome: k just makeing sure i answered it *mostly* right
Holy crap princess is gone!
Battle Royale is one of the best films of the last 20 years
...Yeah Saxy, I'd rather teach these kids what Hunger Games could have been if it were more hardcore.
J_E_Smith71: :D
i like spirit
Do you always have to smoke mom? AUGH!!
I like it too, but the chat?
how will they react? :D
/me coughs "to many smoke pellets"
Spirit: Good Idea, bad implementation.
smoke outside
Reikim: you should read the HG books. they get plenty "hardcore"
I have!
Oh hey, Buschemi is in this?
I was making a joke.
oooh shipping.
01,11...is...is it weird that I literally smelled ciggarette smoke when the mother lit up?
RAWRity isn't that one the original hunger games ? or i'm gettin mixed here
Buschemi scares the crap out of me. In a good actor sense.
01,11That was creepy.
Silverscreen This movie is THAT good
GilDash: he is a genius :)
Something like that. HG wasn't really inspired by Battle Royale, iirc. It was just coincidence.
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Battle Royale is about teens killing eachother in an arena. That's about the whole of the connection.
01,11FAIL!
Silverscreen not really sometimes I do that with food
Also the evil clown is standing right behind you. Don't turn around Silverscreen
Well dang
Silverscreen, here's hoping there's broadband at your home when you get back
Sergio_Scriptor: He always seems to play the "freak" type characters as well. That doesn't help. XD
Did she say flame on?
01,11You have yell either Striking or Flame On when turning on Production Lights on set. You know, so you don't f**king blind people!
/me hugs otakon
GilDash: true :D
It's all in the manual.
I love both Battle Royale and HG. Really, though, they're not really comparable; they're both great, but on different terms.
speeee
RosePetal: But no one reads the manual!
cola!
I like the flame on idea
Suddenly COLOR!
I saw colour...
Suddenly, color.
RTFM
Damn one leaves for half an hour and a mod quits
DAT COLOUR
That is a cool technique
:D
OJ: agreed
01,11Danny?
01,11OH GOD, THEY'RE MAKING THE ROOM!
^
01,11RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!
What a story, Mark.
@silverscreen: xD
So when does the mom reveal her breast cancer results?
Ohai Mark
gotta love the room
What a story mark.
I definely have breast cancer
did i miss the lottery?
Boom mic
Is that Situation?
Run Away!!
doctor_whooves127: It's tomorrow.
No, lottery is tomorrow.
I totally did not notice it untill he said cut
Boom mics. . . The enemies.
oh ok
You think The Room is bad, watch Manos: The Hands of Fate
Hello everyone!
Lol
Hi, VenHur :)
hi VenHur o3o
hi VenHur
What's up Ven?
QJ: Bad funny I hope?
Oh. That's why we had the 10 minute intermission
The Room is just boring.
OJ we should watch that here
derp
VenHur: Have you ever seen BenHur?
Hello VenHur
I did not hit her, I didn't. Oh hi Mark.
live in a black and white world and record in colour
wtb did i miss?
what
hi VenHur
Nittany_Twilight: you thought so too?
AlienWarhead: MST3K version preferred
IT'S ARTSY
Yep.
The Room is the most hilarious bad movie I've watched yet. Don't touch me matherfaker.
OJ of course
01,11RANDOM MOVIE PRODUCTION TRIVIA: The clacker used in films is done to synch Audio and Video as well as synch the multiple cameras. It's very important in post-production.
Hey this is an odd question but does anyone have Uncharted 3? I've been looking for a couple of people to play with since I just got a ps3 along with the game.
OJ: Finally, someone that understanded! Well, I heard of rhe movie, but no...
/me that feel when you can't remember if your B movie pic was legit or a troll choice
That voice...have I heard the guy in That's 70's show?
I think te ROOM is only good if you ridicule it with a giant group of people
Sweeetie Belle: OH COME ON!!!
lol white rapper guy with the alarm clock.
all them "CUT"'s
But that was part of the movie.
Rex_Ivan thats it still sometimes shown inn theathers
.. crrrckk yes
Brb. Bathroom.
I just sold my copy of it Xaiden
VenHur: Me neither. But I own it and I'm gonna see it soon.
.nick AJIsAwesome|AFK
Lets do it again this time with no distractions.
Waitt.
Randomnerd: Flava Flav is going to sue someone.
6_9 I can't spell today
Conyst: ._.
There we go. :D
darn
01,11To someone who's had experience or is interested in film production, this is actually quite interesting to watch. Also, it's quite realistic.
xD
Xaiden: get Journey
So this is the B Movie. Correct?
booooooooooooooo
lol Booooooooooooooooooooom.
VenHur: Yar
This movie is pissing me off :D
I imagine the drama amongst the cast is just as realistic.
Rex_Ivan lol I created Sumerpan's home base
I have a better idea. GET RID OF WES.
well shit
No more boom da boom prop.
RaveBrony: How so?
my iced tea smells like rotten cabbage mixed with ass
Wes is working for free.
They can't afford anything else
Stanley Kubrick would have had the scene 50 times by now. And he'd still be demanding more takes
then he;s still overpaid. :P
Buytoast: I wouldn't drink that if i were you.
well it's not opened
Black Dynamite had no problem with boom mics
just the can
the cna smells bad
Don't know why they keeps changing black 'n white to colors and vice versa.
Everlasting_Joy: All the failure! :D
OK, so this is a movie about how people making movies suck?
:D
is that it?
VenHur to show which is the set, and which is the actual film being made
Kubrick I think would shoot it at different angles until he found one that is interesting.
I <3 this movie.
VenHur: The film they're shooting is in color, the "actual" film is balck and white.
ooooh rumors.
Michael Bolton? I love that guy
I dont even know the movie ._.
Rex_Ivan: It's too early to gauge the ultimate point of the movie
I tried applying for some jobs at film studios considering I live in California, but that never got me anywhere or anything in return, and I'd stumble across a few from time to time.
This movie is pretty good so far.
05,15I'm....not sure how I feel about this. I'm very interested in filmmaking, but I feel like this is something I'd watch on my own one afternoon, not with a bunch of people
Rosepetal: and he would take it HUNDREDS of times
Fluttercry: I agree, so far there's not too much to say about it.
Its just reminding me of a group video I had to do :D
A Showtime sitcom about making movies
You know, in mordern motion pictures, we sometimes doesn't have black and white movies.
0,14so RD's winpose in Fighting is Magic is pretty hilarious
What the!
WUT
LOL
AAAAAHHH!
Derp and somehow we made room jokes
Hey
xD
Hey saxy
/me slaps Hanako around a bit with a large trout
my GOD!!
/me esplodes
This is true...
That's how Brandon Lee died :(
geez. how often does THAT happen?
I think I know one movie in black and white, It was an Oscar nominee, but I forgot the name of it...
I hear that in voice acting for animation, the VAs can be expected to do about a dozen readings of each line, and then it's decided afterwards which reading to use. Badly dubbed anime tends to go with only one reading.
Then the fire nation attacked...
Glad that everyone is ok.
/me starts crying
01,11Rex_Ivan: I THINK it's supposed to show the realistic side to making films, particularly how much of a pain in the ass it can be when trying to film one scene just keeps going wrong.
No... Bruce lee....
0,14?
Xaiden: what is your name on PSN so I can add you.
How upset are you that you can't be at Canterlot Gardens in that tourney?
This movie is scarey noooowwww =(
YOUR TRASHING MY SCENE!
Wait wtf
I smell shenanigans!
YOU ARE TRASHING MY SCHENE
I just don't know went wrong:P
What if it's a ghost haunting the studio!
what we watching?
Manhattan or Schindler's List?
Reikim: Not at all.
Tovler: Speaking of which, if my A film is picked we'll be watching The Crow. Perfect time of the year for that movie too...
Kurra?
and then water
Also, I TRULY didn't mean to hit you, Hanako
I asked the man in the jacket.
Silverscreen: I wonder if they will actually finish the scene before the movie is over
0,14Very
0,14Very
0,14upset
Making a film is like anything else. It requires highly specialized people and lots of hard work.
dam granny swearing
0,14had I gone, I would have been representing BronyState
Maybe the whole movie is them directing this one scene.
Don't worry man. I feel the same way :I
they're shooting this scene on Friday 13th, right?
*:/
The Warner Kids need to show up and put this movie down.
Rosfox: I HOPe not> :D
Man the director is going to get hell about this all night
0,14no, I mean, like in a semi-offical capacity
That would have been neat Saxy. You could get a patch with the Bronystate logo.
And remember, I'm in a whole 'nother country.
It is different from most other forms of art because it needs so many people to pull off
But yeah, Saxy
OJ and lots of problems to go though
You would have been the best representative.
BEGIN !
0,14>.>
derp
She does not care now
0,14not sure what that says about everyone else
okay, ill represent england and dari can represent wales
Scene 66. Gee, they did this scene alot now.
Don't rush through the lines
Whenever they hold a FightMagic tourney in NY (there's no if about it) you will be there.
lol
You have noe excuses.
I was wondering how long that was going to take
She forgot the lines.
Ellen, I forgot my line
YOU HAD ONE JOB!
LINE
0,14inb4 I hold one myself
I have no memory..
saxy
If you do that
i... i dont remember
0,14I mean, I DO run a fighting game club
0,14=P
xD
LOL
I have no memory of this line whatsoever.
She's having a STROKE
I will take a train down to NY and play.
I...I'm suffering from amensia.
Pun
Except game isn't released and I suck ass at FGs.
Oh no.... don't let that happen.
This is getting depressing
01,11Poor woman. All this stress must be getting to her.
Ooooh, It's in NYC?
I can make it there :)
wut?
OHHHH
Oh no :(
Saxy's in NYC.
So this scene is the whole film. It's written a bit like a one act play
oh shiz
ROFL THAT LOOK
Wrong line.
I didnt know that O.o
I can't play fighting games for the life of me.
And then we're gonna shoot the fucking actors
have a smoke.
Smooooooookkkeee
Im back everypony, what up
What is this?
Im back everypony, what up
now kiss
Are ya SMOKING yet!?
NURSE.
Dr_fumbles: idk
woops sorry
It's the Twilight Zone
Well, this is certainly better than Twilight.
01,11...
01,11what?
It's the Joker!
Hospital what.
hello BroPony|MEDIC
wut da fudge is going on
IT'S A SIGN!
05,15ummm
BroPony|MEDIC: We are watching a movie about making a movie
05,15do I need an adult?
OF WHAT'S TO COME!
*listening t Jizz In My Pants, see that part, oh my god it fits*
>mfw Dark Crystal is on TV...what the
She's method acting. Stand back.
they're not filming, lol
AlienWarhead: Sounds perty coo
Don't worry you guys, I don't know what the hell is going on either.
Film that shit
quick!
Fluttercry I am an adult
But hey, shit's good.
Finally emotion
05,15So am I...
It's too late to start rolling
BroPony|MEDIC: I like so far
Meh
yup
05,15Also, that guy with the galsses is totally from That 70's Show
Yep, the best stuff is when the camera ISN'T rolling.
Also how much did I miss?
05,15and yes it is otakon
Same.
Fluttercry: I like him, good actor
that director is getting a nice rubbery one.
yes indeed otakon it is
I want Ponykart... :D
I love a good fighting game from time to time.
Same
THEY DID IT! THEY FINISHED THE SCENE!
The actors have peaked, and you weren't rolling
Too bad there weren't any cameras on...
Beautiful scene right there.
Even the females crying.
Fox here
He's puking in the toliet.
Star Wolf's day off
And then guy throwing up in toilet.
milk was bad
always.. ALWAYS have a camera running.
It's Turnip Hayseed on the left!
Brick joke!
sounds like Mad Milk
0,14I kinda specialize in fighting games, but I'm not tha great
MMMMMMMILK
Nobody drink that milk it's stirred but not shaken.
Damn...
wait
The bitter taste of defeat.
You could probably kick all our asses.
Mr. BUSTAH WOLF?
01,11Milk.
Not that great?
You lie the milk is fine.
And you run a fighting game club, for goodness' sake!
It does taste like milk
Defeat that is
I am surprised considering your bravado ove them
he's actually a meth addict in withdrawl
So, how many more ways can this go wrong?
0,14not that great =/= doesn't win
What movie is this?
0,14I do decent
RANDOM BEEP.
0,14I have my good days, I have my bad days
RAEG FAEC!
IT'S DA CAMEL.
Dr_Fumbles: Living in Oblivian
0,14not at a level where I can place super high in tourneys
Battery in the Fire Alarm is low
thx
Fire alarm?
What if it's a bomb!
01,11It's the suck-o-meter
STOP SPOILING!
beep beep
Group Tinnitus
fire fire
it's an alarm
derp derp
oh watch never mind.
A BOMB
Holy crap that IS Hyde
Living iN Oblivion. I get it... because they can't finish this scene?
failure
lol
It's the director's
It's getting faster.
It's the directors
LOL
lol the alarm clock.
The beeping's getting faster
BOMB
Where's the watch I is gonna smash it.
Might wanna start runin?
LOL
use bombs wisely
he mad
this movie
Damn!
makes me smile
Take that MOVIE!!
:D
Man he is FREAKING OUT
You must be a fan of this one, Mr Bale
I just hope it's not a bomb.
What watch has an alarm like that?
Reasonable reaction
Dude, your destroying the prop which will make the scene difficult.
is it his
joker >
lemme guess it's him that's beeping?
Sooo whats the whole plot thing descrition here...
I call that a ragequit
Annndd it is his own watch
Kora needs to ask Aang for acting guidance
Irooonnnyyyy
I've had enough of this world
And then it's his watch.
You sure you didn't have a scene in this one Bale?
y so SERIOUS
Why do you wanna kill me?!
Roll camera
...my planet needs me...
its his
It's his.
I think THIS makes a more interesting movie. :D
man he is freaking the hell out
This is how films are made
its is
lol
he found the source of the mysterious beeping noise!
Suddenly it's a dream.
wut
da fuck
boo
lawlllll
oh lawdy lawd
well damn
is going on
ooo god
oh my god. Worst nightmare ever
01,11...
WHAT?!
IT WAS ALL A DREAM.
Black Swan in movie form?
All just a dream
What?!
What
WHAT?!
that herts
01,11WHAT?!
?!
not bad movie, not bad.
Well that makes sense
01,11WHAT!?!?!
WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT
I have no mouth and I must scream.
So that's a producers hell.
We know he has to die
05,15dude
you dream in black and white
01,11IT WAS ALL A FUCKING DREAM?!
What door.
05,15this movie
awesome XD
01,11ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?!
05,15....my god
and that was the WHOLE MOVIE
Conyst: :D Nice reference
I'm not good a fighitng games, too much stress, I want time to think.
Interesting.
night folks
oww
DAMMIT!
I feel like the past half hour or so of my life has been a complete waste of time... :(
inb4 goddamit
Silverexlposion in progress.
night otakon
I am somwhwat confused
PONIES DOWN IN FRONT!
Please stand by.
sweet freams otakon o3o
13so regs
dreams*
It's like inception or something. It's deep, man.
I'm not leaving
I got kicked
:o
damn bots
Yeah?
Mm?
lol
13we discussed pony episode voting
xD
what's up?
We have jazz.
Michael Bay didn't like Jazz
Aaaaand?
Where?
hmmm?
13we have come to a decision
lol
da buffers!
Yeah?? :o
This "OMG all was just a dream" makes the Movie fucking dumb
13http://derpy.me/bronystatebacklog
Title on accounts.google.com (redirected): Welcome to Google Docs
Do you like smooth jazz?
oh about showing the two most wanted ones
what a baby
MY EYE WHAT DID YOU DO TO MY EYE!
13all 52 episodes have been put into a shuffled bag
it was only in the begining.
Suddenly eye comes out.
dam
:O
13each week, the winners will be removed from the eligible list
01,11Oh, hey, it looks like my car.
How long is this movie?
Is the driver Bane?
Ha! I totally suggested that further up
Your eye is completely gone.
13the remaining episodes are shuffled and copied to a dropdown box on the lottery
one shot. Ippatsu
I had a good idea! I had a good idea and it got implemented!
I think it's Alfred...
...
Idenity Crisis.
And I suggested removing the eps from viewer lottery, calm your pants.
try getting the point of an umbrella through your I and call me tomorrow about you r eye :|
0,14inb4 first ep picked will be Party of One
maybe he should act instead... oh wait
...I feel so incredibly depressed now.
01,11Why does this guy look familiar...?
13while this may introduce a bias towards episodes above the fold, and make it a little harder to find your favorite, that's balanced by having a different list each week
Party of One and Sonic Rainboom.
Well, ya gotta admit. That alarm was one epic dream crash
Housekeeping.
silverscreen hes played in alot of stuff, one of which is armageden
05,15The driver?
13while season 3 will throw a bit of a wrench into the setup
i gotta crash goodnight everypony
nice station wagon
13it would take six months to cycle through the episodes
Night Dj_Cyber-4G
Ponies blocking.
dat ass
13aka the same amount of time we make a movie wait for encore
Chad Palamino!
Goodbye Dj_Cyber-4G
applejack, get out of the way of the ass!
night Dj_Cyber-4G
The ponies have seats now?
13so yeah
night Dj_Cyber-4G
spike looks creepy come to think of it
Plop on the bed.
Wonderful. We can go two weeks without mane chat going "LUNAAAAA"
boob!
boooooooooooooobiesssssssss
immature reaction
!
Or "RAINBOOOOOM"
05,15Hey...let's not be 12
Uh oh.
^
lol.
Or "WEE ZAT IS CORRECT MADAME"
Chat can't handle nakedness.
Six weeks to be specific.
Ted Bundy
Or "HAI GURLZ"
01,11Holy Shit! He was in Grown Ups, G-Force, Igor, hell, he played Templeton the Rat in Charolette's Web!
This guy looks like Michael Pitt.
05,15party time!
lol
I can handle the nakedness. I just don't like it.
wait what?
....O.o
Still, when one of those shows up as the first picks out of that new system, I'm gonna chuckle.
Pegasister all the way.
no no wait. Who played templeton the rat?
Shizuka: So each episode will take 6 months to go through now?
Huh, Templeton too?
13that's the idea
As in good wack or bad wack?
I don't care about matter-of-factual nakedness
RosePetal Brohoof
01,11The Director in this movie. I wondered why he was familiar.
05,15eeyup
K
I wish I was whacked
/me rejoices
*brohoofs*
01,11Yeah, they do. No shit.
Bushwacked for B movie
:D
PUSHUPS FTW.
I don't forget faces but names come and go
/me hugs otakon
/me did his push-ups today.
Somehow I see this backlashing, but in that same breath, I'd enjoy six months without Luna.
A kiss with nudity.
I thought that was ... someone else
...with nudity
Nudity, Rarity's sister nopony talks about
She's kind of cookie? She's made out of cookies.
Big Fish too - interesting
Tovler: O_o
I didn't know that was Buschemi, I just know him as the woodchipped guy from Fargo and the pedo in Con-Air mostly.
13ponies whined about side rooms being closed during the week
Tovler: you just won the internet
http://sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn1/564951_10151307557840802_1940431914_n.jpg
13then the interseason slump hit and no one cares
I don't even know
...I'm never getting that image out of my mind for the rest of the night...
I'm sure I know that guy from That's 70's show.
Ointment.
They'll whine no matter what you do.
ALSO, he was Mr Pink in resurvare dogs
Try as hard as you might, it's gonna bite.
bad spelling
Good point.
that's this fandom in a nutshell, really. Whine. not complain. Whine.
Rex_Ivan: Right, right.
05,15So uh...I'm going to post a video, don't yell at me, but it fits my mood right now about having this fixed http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QA8W3y5Sk18&feature=player_detailpage#t=19s
YouTube: Are You Ready For A Miracle - Patti LaBelle By: weedoda Views: 88130 Likes: 275 Dislikes: 6 - https://youtu.be/QA8W3y5Sk18
that is where I saw him first
U mean that one night stand?
He's in Boardwalk Empire too.
But it's so smooth... :(
"I hate jazz"
Jazz is the most hated Bayformer here
But Jazz is the father of Rockabilly
"I hate jazz"
HOW COULD YOU
Like, anything at all doesn't go exactly their way, people shit their pants, smear the residue across their keyboard, then smash their face into the screen until their computer makes a high pitched whining noise.
...?
...that metaphor got away from me.
FC
What is that
I'm sure Mudflap and SKiddz are hated more. Bazinga.
Just a bit.
RAWRity: I don't care, it's actually quite accurate.
...With nudity
What got said while I was out of this room for five seconds
05,15Gospel Song I saw someone post during the Steam Summer sale. fits the mood right now
"I hate Jazz. It's boring to listen to" ~Rocker wants to Battle ~Rocker sent out Voltorb
the shirt it burns
All dressed up.
Anonymity tends to make people irresponsible.
Wolf. Serious cameraman.
nope
?!
This guy is pumped.
well if FC did it, here's my mood in video format http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GivkxpAVVC4
YouTube: きゃりーぱみゅぱみゅ - ファッションモンスター By: warnermusicjapan Views: 1758774 Likes: 12992 Dislikes: 495 - https://youtu.be/GivkxpAVVC4
They should go play football in tuxes
Why is Wolf letting them do that? Its out of character.
01,11...
AlienWarhead: I see what you did
05,15Do as I say not as I do! >:(
Turn color back on! =p
and now the filming... is in black and white
So now the movie is B&W while the crew is color
da fuq
lead by example!
01,11okay, can't lie, that's pretty clever. I see what you did there, movie. I see what you did there.
...RAWRity
AAH My grip on reality is slipping
What the hell is this
Reikim: Fashion Monster
05,15okay, but no more!
She says it with no emotion.
perfect buffer timing
Wait ....I'm not sleeping...O.o
"Lone Wolf" doesn't give a fuck.
by Kyary Pamyu Pamyu
hey Shizuka why can't green movies be shown ?
01,11...Chad's annoying.
Since when was being a camerman serious business like that?
So if we're doing this now
05,15they've been replayed
you may recognize her from the PonPonPon video that was big last year.
Here's my current mental state in video format.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yer73i66uv0
YouTube: [HD] Touhou - Overdrive! (Full Remix Version) By: IbukiSuika1 Views: 55274 Likes: 521 Dislikes: 20 - https://youtu.be/Yer73i66uv0
i was, BUT THE TRASHED MY SCENE!
What are they directing?
01,11Mozdoc: Cinamatography is srs business.
lol
13otakon: replays, as soon as we get past the encore of whichever was encored first, it won't be green anymore :3
05,15no more videos. alright?
Shizuka: ah okay thanks for the eplanation
13which is holy grail i think
Damn camera
Camera moved.
fail camera man
First movie I saw on the site.
this is what happens when you have a cameraman with a arm tick
Now kiss!
Reikim: Dat vid o_o
Palomino: That's a horse
argh
I would like to live in the elder scrolls IV oblivion
And thus you have taken a peek into my mind.
Did you enjoy your stay?
Troy Polamalu
I'm going to have to look that up now. What exactly is a "dolly"...
OJ: and this actor is a horses ass
What if I did this and be filled with swag.
Oscar-baiting.
13o-overdrive-drive
I love that song/vid. So, yes :D
13o-over-dri-i-i-ive
[Alpha-Trinity]: don't forget to close shut the gates.
Chad. This isn't a stage play. You can't adlib the blocking.
He's a pirate!
0,14Guilty Gear supers?
Mom's thinking he's making excuses to get more kisses in.
01,11So this one take is being a constant pain in the ass, taking forever to complete. *tch* I'm getting a case of deja vu...
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Hey is Bronystate streaming the pony marathon tomorrow
Nah no fun in that
Dolly: A wheeled cart allowing the camera to move during a film shot.
No Saxy, a vid I posted describing my current mental state.
0,14oh
AlienWarhead, eeyup
he's gonna go do drugs. He'll be back in a sec
wolf, does not, give, a fuck
Wolf does not care.
Kandarihu cool
imma sleep. bai
i smell lung cancer O.o
It was...a very unique vid.
Silverscreen, I'm guessing your graduating from film school
Night inkBot
I would try to do the pony marathon hy myself but there is no fun in that
4TH WALL.
Mozdoc: Dolly: The first mammal to be cloned from another mammal
*by
And I have a theory about this marathon. I think The HUB is using the ratings data from the marathon to pick a timeslot for Season 3.
Yes, that too.
The suppository bit always creeps the hell out of me.
This is not professional Chad.
chad, what are you doing?
Chad, we can't see you.'
ok THIS guy is just Purposely ruining the shot
She's been possessed by the champaigne? EXORCISM TIEM
...with nudity
First rule in shooting a movie or play, never turn your back to the camerea.
and did anyone else notice that the BOOM man is dressed like he's going to a gay rave?
Yeah, lol
I predict another "dream" like cut thing.
RosePetal: True for the stage too
Have a KitKat
The cameraman's outfit reminds me of Hard Gay
need a moment chew it over with twix
He's hitting on them. I can tell.
Conyst: :D
RosePetal: Noo. He's just being friendly
Kandarihu: HA! I havent heard that name in years
YOU'RE OUT OF LINE
Admired from afar.
but Hard Gay has better style
chad, GTFO!
Head Desk
Oh so I'm not the only one who had that thought
No u is out of line.
Kandarihu so the eyepatch makes him a hard gay pirate
stfu chad ...
Admired you from Jafar
No eyepatch on anymore.
01,11ASoftFluffyThing: I went to college for Videography. That includes Production (cameras, lighting, the whole 9 yards) and post-production (Adobe Premiere and After Effects, as well as some work with Audition). I also had to take classes in 3D Modeling (my second least favorite) Web Authoring (My third least favorite) and Drawing (My least favorite)
05,15At this point I'd be like "you're the actor, I'm the director, shot the hell up."
lol
So we have learned that FC is a piece of godpel music, RAWRity is a weird japanese pop song, and I'm...me
for those who dont know, "Hard Gay" is a pro wrestler from Japan.
Fluttercry, yeah
i small ego
lol.
Silverscreen: Oooh. What school?
Kubrick'd have this guy in tears by now
Rex_Ivan, Hard Gay is a Japanese comedian.
damn my typing
Fluttercry That's what I think most directors would say
lol u been kubrcik'd/
Chad's a really friendly guy
Who's next?
Heyas
05,15I'm not hating this as much as I thought I would
05,15I actually kind of enjoy it
It's just so smooth... :)
This is rather interestng.
I'm back!
Kandarihu: and he does pro wrestling as his shtick
Quick! Randomnerd! Post a vid describing your current mental state!
i smell ego
which is genius
Silverscreen what was the most interesting?
It'll be smooth jazz.
This was just like the DREAM!
I don't wanna get kicked :(
BU DUM BUM CHOO!
madeja laugh
Spit take.
Please
I chuckled
It's pronounced YERanus
perfect
badamtish
You won't get kicked
0,14I SANCTION IT
01,11ASoftFluffyThing: Pittsburgh Technical Institute. Graduating this coming tuesday.
Rex_Ivan, no he doesn't. He does a sort of candid-camera sort of trolling thing.
Has BronyState ever had a Buster Keaton movie?
HE HAS SANCTIONED IT!
I have a good song for my current mental state :D
Go, Randomnerd!
I don't think so.
Kandarihu: you never saw his Pro wrestling act?
missing out
Rex_Ivan, I guess I missed out
Understandible. He was silent era
But he was incredible
NO THIS IS JUST LIKE THE DREAM THAT LIGHT IS GONNA BREAK NNONONONONONONONONONONNOONONOOOOOOOOOOO!
Silverscreen: Again, congrats for graduating. *hugs* Becoming a producer or something similar?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQlIhraqL7o
YouTube: I Just Had Sex (feat. Akon) By: thelonelyisland Views: 181943982 Likes: 793329 Dislikes: 30026 - https://youtu.be/lQlIhraqL7o
01,11And yeah, I'm all for actors putting in their own ideas and concepts into a movie, but if you want to do the director's job, you get a f**king director's job, don't try to take over the director's damn work.
Kandarihu: he plays as a pro wrestler who's gimic is being ultra gay. And it's hilarious
<_<
I thot FC said no more vid links :o
saxy trumped him.
Like air
^Silverscreen.
...Well thanks for that, RN.
Liarjack faec :)
0,14cong...rats?
I lost it.
05,15kong rats
Silverscreen: OF COURSE
Did sombody say Philimina?
Bedtime, and the movie is still going. Have to watch it tomorrow. Night.
Arguing.
i'm starting to regret going for a BS in Computer Game Development
what was tonight's A movie?
night Nittany_Twilight
01,11Actually, I'm going back to my local college for a degree in Journalism.
I'm just kidding. I couldn't figure out what to post, so I picked the silliest thing I could think of.
conk rats
Where's Pinkie when you need an eyepatch.
durger Batman The Dark Knight
Chad's gonna get pink eye
I'm in Computer Science
lol dat my f*yay*in eyepatch!
heello
Buytoast: I thought about going for that. Then I had a teacher who tought me more about sheep than the class topic. I siwtched majors.
I have a MS in meteorology, and it's going nowhere ATM. Graduation is like entering hell.
thanks
insanitary, not unsanitary
05,15I keep flipping between history and english. Not sure what I can do more with
I'm starting to like this movie :D
HARD gay
Now he get eye infections.
Pinkie Pie eyepatch gives you Pinkie Eye
i just hate the people
Your Fired.
Then he kills chad.
Chad.
i would've posted Spiderman.mp4, but okay
literally all my classes are filled with fat neckbeards that have egos the size of their bodies
and hair down to their wastes
Lol :D
waists
Fluttercry: To be honest... not much, I'd imagine. I wanted to go for a History major but I don't think there's much you can do with it.
05,15Teaching
I've got that going through my head now.
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Bootleg Ponies Spotted
And RaveBrony !
Hmm?
I wanted to go for about six different majors actually.
Buytoast: what classes?
I'm trying ti grow hair down to my shoulders
Post moodvid
to
DERPDERP: ultimately I think I had similar problems. Didn't REALLY learn about game creation, but a good amount of programming at least
Wut.
I like soft things...
can it be a song?
not even a mood related thing?
She hates him.
All of them have been songs.
Fluttercry: oh yeah, teaching's a different story then.
05,15[Alpha-Trinity] that's about where mine is right now. I need a haircut bad
0,14Boot legged ponies?
Mine was a mindrape in songvid form.
shit t5hey make you take like game dev and intro to game dev
this movie is inane in a good way
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQhqikWnQCU&feature=related
0,14I thought they wore shoes and not horses
YouTube: Yodelling - Franzl Lang By: lolziom001 Views: 512712 Likes: 2565 Dislikes: 33 - https://youtu.be/vQhqikWnQCU
finger snap? FINGER SNAP?!!
:D
at least programming classes seem to hard for them
actually wait i got it >:3
what are we watching
05,15It'd be really cool to get into the gaming press, but 1) that's hard and 2) you'd make pennies
Fluttercry: ?Hair cut's are for liberals row ya hair :3
Grow*
Then leave Chad! LEAVE!
01,11[Alpha-Trinity]: I tried to do the same thing. Unfortunatly, when my hair grows out it grows out into an afro.
:D
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZqR_SwwByMM
YouTube: I take a look at my Enormous penis By: 0Pandy0 Views: 1171961 Likes: 6511 Dislikes: 209 - https://youtu.be/ZqR_SwwByMM
There you go, Reikim! My mood in song form :D
long hair ftw o3o
The thing is I don't want a haircut
01,11SHE can't act?! SHE can't ac-HAVE YOU SEEN THE SHIT YOU'RE PUTTING OUT?!
REVENGE!
Bastard!
When my hair grows out, it becomes a mullet, and it also covers my eyes.
The movie is turning real
Well that's a hell of a mood
SaxyPretender: These bootleg ponies, they're evil!
Don't play to his ego, Nick!
give it a listen, its actually a good song XD
Then it turns into a horror film.
0,14EVIL HERETICS
water we watching
I used to have hair down to my shoulders back in middle school.
0,14THEY MUST BE BURNED
Lady in the green screen room with the camera.
cowvarkian, Living in Oblivion
Kandarihu: uh huh
Calling it now.
Then it turns into a murder mystery.
cowvarkian: If a movie is truly good, you shouldn't need to know anything about it going into it.
Then it turns into horror movie.
this won't turn the scene sour
"Mommy, what pony is this?"
OJ: I just wanted to know the name of it ._.
ok
01,11Please...slap him...
Is to just kill Chad.
I'll improvise the scene by hulmiliating him!
I WHIPHAIR BACK AND FORTH: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/AtlSNGXCEAIrTKS.jpg
cowvarkian: I get this way when talking movies
YEEEEAAH
what? its true >:3
01,11Or knee him. Please.
"It's the wrong one! I wanted Twilight!"
lol.
Roll Bass Blasters
Break his leg
What will she do?
For that, you get anime bunnies.
Camera shot STEAL
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MFRq4DxqaMo&feature=related
01,11This hurts.
improv
There's the other half of my mind.
lol Chad.
05,15okay really, that's enough links
Fiiiiine
I like this improv
13YOU BROKE THE RUUUUUUUURUUUUUS
xD
He's an idiot.
He's still going.
His acting is wooden enough for Gordon Freeman to take a crowbar to
/me is compeled to post the RURU video now...
What's that from again oh wait
WAAH
Kandarihu: as long as it isnt made by the military
HEY! She's breaking the 4th wall!
THIS IS WHINING
ooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.
PaSwG
mica
and just as I was gonna post a legit mood-in-song-form
She fucked Chad! OMG.
BOOM!
EHRMAHGERD
"But I thought you wanted whining!"
nicely timed
Spectrum_Rush: ....perfect
Was that George Takei?
oh mai
wow
line brawl
dawnmew: yep
01,11Owned.
Catherine Keener is very pretty.
No one ever called "cut" did they?
"but I thought you WANTED winning!"
-CALL ME A CAB
I agree, then, perfect timing. :P
is that mario hat
Somebody stop her before she kills Chad! :O
...with nudity
Slap him!
Why are they arguing?
hey, nobody calls buscemi a loser
:D
01,11Thank you.
lol meta!
:D :D :D
That's a big Twinkie
lol it's funny because he later is in Quentins movie. Resivor Dogs.
ouch
Hai everypony! What I miss?
What movie anyway?
...Man it's been ages since I last watched random-ass Touhou fanvids.
WEEEEEEEE
NO!
and the HOstest twinkie whent nowhere
Here we go.
01,11or not.
damn, chad is good
Chad has a mean left hook
damn
U PUNCHED WOLF NO.
Hello DerpyMuffins
Living in Oblivion is the title
Bastard!
Unstoppable Chad
movie = Living in oblivian
NOT WOLF
yikes swer much >.
Strangle HOLD!
It's nice to be back in the habit.
01,11inb4 he wakes up again.
Crystaline_Shard: A movie is a series of images and sounds. The only way to know what a movie is is to watch it
I watched that last link, and returned in rage on stream? :D
Wrestle in bed.
and then ded
That fight would mak for a nice drama
Just tossed out a roach. Looks like I didn't miss much story
*returned to
turn on the camera and search for another title
...justice..
FUCK YOU MOON, PERFECT ORBIT MY ASS
wtf is her problem
Why is she mad at him? He defended her!
I love that video just for the animation and the ending.
dat limo
...with nudity
TROLOL
ROFL speed sell
A Japanese tidal wave hits New York?
why does his face look familiar?
seems legit
RosePetal he talked behind her back
Oh, I see.
Well, that was a rushed sell of a script!
twilight_sprinkles: She's hella pissed off about Nik's cajoling of Chad
13wasn't that a show on cartoon network
:D
He loves you.
It's becoming real
Buscemi also graduated from my High School, we're all very proud of him :)
inb4 the camera is actually rolling
Forgiveness!
AAH
...
Lol
KISS
NO! IT WAS ANOTHER DREAM!
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
XD
Is the MLP on yet?
really
Oh Mai
GahDAMMIT
your shitting me
hahahahahahahahaha
05,15Okay, I know where this movie is going
So he dreams of nothing but failure.
Thank you shadow Rainbow Dash
Then she wakes up.
Why the fuck did i not know that :/
Nope.
01,11http://i.imgur.com/0bpKi.jpg
WAIT, GUYS, GUYS! Did I just miss IT?
And I called it!
Wait, a dream inside a dream inside a dream! IT'S DREAMCEPTION!
This is like D-Wars, flashback within a flashback within a draem
Hey, doors a door right?
What the heck is with this film...
oh my
this is going to keep happeing, isnt it?
Rex_Ivan: prolly
MIDGET SEX
there needs to be a better way to change scenes. This is up there with Harry Potter fainting every 5 seconds.
The Imp!
It's Tyrion Lannister!
PETER MOTHER BUCKING DINKLAGE!
GilDash: ikr
Suddenly it's a wedding.
:D
And a bunch of a other vertically challenged cahracters...
Hey, it's that Dwarf from Death at a Funeral.
The (P)imp!
:D
The Station agent!!
Wait, that's the dream from the begining.
WHAT IS GOING ON!
01,11Tovler: he's also the dwarf from ELF, and he also played one of the characters in Mirror Mirror.
robin blue suit?
Randomnerd: The sarcasm is strong in this comment.
A Lannister always hits his cue!
Why do i know his voice :/
XD
tITO
i gotta leave noe guys :3
cya'll
isnt he alwso the guy from game of the thrones?
a Lolipop Guild reference?
Stoll?
bye spiritwaffle
Everlasting_Joy: No way, we really are proud of him.
So many weird dreams.
gnight
05,15inb4 another dream
It's not nice to poke fun at dwarves... or call them by the M word
ok so he is remembering something that happened in HER dream
She dreamed about him.
Randomnerd: Fair enough :).
and then they are filming a dream sequence
Er, at dwarves' height
putting stool in the bathroom .... does he really have to ask him to dothat ?
I wonder who is dreaming this dream now?
Arecyu proleplayin
I only recently learned that the M word was a word along with the T word.
01,11...they don't have an instruction book?
He even got a scholarship started, named after his drama teacher.
They dont know what it is do they?
by the end we have people wake up on mars and have the whole thing be a fever dream of someone who saw a documentary about a centuries old bad flim
yay
Silverscreen: probably not
Scene 31
Rex_Ivan: I'd like that
Scene 24
:D that mechanical debate
did i just see Peter Dinklage back there
durger: yes
The old teachers all said Mr. Lapin was cool as hell. When I was there, our drama teachers were all jerks :(
Shizuka: haihai
yes you did
:O
G'night everypony! :)
ok so who is dreaming THIS time?
night
Bye GilDash
Goodnight GilDash
night Gildash
Rex_Ivan: we all are
01,11It's either his or her dream.
night GilDash
Night GilDash
Maybe the Blond is dreaming.
GilDash: watch out for snakes
13ping?
night GilDash
buenos noches GilDash
AHHHH! WE all are dreaming this time and it's a nightmare
inb4 wolf dream
Is this like a dream inside of a dream?
thelonepony: I want good nachos
if he's really gay, it's not his dream
Maybe we're dreaming all of this
Tito is clearly the one that is dreaming this time.
DerpyMuffins: Is there any kind of dream since Inception came out?
Dat camerea is the one whos dreaming up everything.
Conyst: that'd be nice
Derpymuffins: no. It's a bad movie inside a crappy script which can only be watched while playing a drinking game
05,15After this is over we'll all wake up and realize there never WAS a b movie
i fell asleep watching bronystate an this is a dream. your dream.
Are we just watching an 80s version of Inception?
Chad is dreaming this
lol Fluttercry!
01,11Okay, so this Jazz club, the director's freak out, Wolf's eye, and the fact that the scene is going wrong for all kinds of reason is something that all these dreams have in common.
all them feels
o.o
Rex_Ivan: That's funny
Or that we were the B movie
Look at her shirt, are those trolls on her shirt?
The A Team
DerpyMuffins: Yes that's my guess.
I TOOK A DREAM PUNCH FOR YOU WOMAN! :[
Mr. Tido?
hey
Silverscreen: that this is a shitty movie?
RosePetal: Yup.
So it really IS a smoke machine
I'm guessing this is going to be Wolf's dream
Ther is no B movie. Just as there is no spoon.
There*
What is that guy dressing up behind her?
The movie's getting more dreamlike the more levels we go up
woah
RosePetal: This gets addressed.
Im pretty sure they got a group of smokers for smoke machine back then
whodat?
Peter Dinklage!
Even the sets are getting weird.
Dream sequence eh?
05,15It's only from the mid 90s jeez we weren't THAT primitive back then
It's the (P)imp :)
An evil laugh.
It's a dream sequence inside a dream inside a dream.
Inside a film produced inside a film.
I am so hungry.
I could eat an octorock
They're shooting Twin Peaks now?
ok so ... PREDICTABLITY SHOT # 723 ... Bob messes up the smoke machine
INB4 EVERYONE in the entire movie turns out to be dream creations of Will Ferrell brought on by a late-night pizza binge... 6_9
What sorcery?
What....What the hell is this,and what the hell is going on?
Uhh
Dream inside a dream?
I slient laughed.
He was laughing on the inside
I'm tito.
lol.
Toto I don't think we're in Kansas anymore
dream sequence inside a movie inside a dream of a movie of a NIGHTMARE OF A SHITTY FILM
Think of Tito Jackson
tito banbino?
A bigger evil laugh.
Tyrion Lannister and Enoch make a movie!
So there are anxity dream.
Tito's gonna blow
I don't think that smoke machine is cutting it.
inb4 The smoke machine malfunctions and someone gets injured.
Get a smoker, he will produce more smoke
Smoke machine is broken.
Aircrafter It is called "Living in Oblivion" and it is a movie about making a movie
hi
I uave dreams like this on a regular basis....(not sure if that's good or not)
*have
AlienWarhead: .....What?
IT'S REAL!
But I THOUGHT THIS WAS A DREAM.
it's ALL real!
Laugh an evil laugh.
It's not fake it's real!
Laugh like Discord
whoo
Do an evil laugh!
y so serious Tido?
01,11I find it annoying as fuck that every dwarf person in movies take offense when people use the word "little" "small" or "short as if it's a personal offense. They're not that stupid nore that niave to think that every time one of those words are used that it's a personal jab at their height.
Aircrafter We are watching movie where the plot is about making a movie
What's the fun in making sense.
AlienWarhead: Oh....WHAT!?
Is that smoke machine handbuilt?
hamsters blowing smoke rings...
whining
InB4 too much smoke and Tito giving off WAY too much laughter
sooo who wants to play MvM after the movie ?
I do!
inb4 it ends up being laughing gas.
Great Scott
Boot camp?
silverscreen: and have you noticed that the "offensive dwarf" role is almost always played by the same two guys?
Dude she overheard.
inb4 something happens
or Mann Up?
Aircrafter http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0113677/
Yup, this has to be Wolf's dream. He's too emotional.
INB4 Tito turns out to laugh just like Tidus from FFX. :O
whats up
suddenly it actually IS a scene from Twin Peaks
don't have tickets :p so normal one
AlienWarhead: This is so confusing....
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: I can't. My eyes are always shot after this.
Cool
inb4 Tito does laugh but only dogs can hear him.
Rex_Ivan: ikr
Rex_Ivan: It's been a scene from Twin Peaks for like 10 minutes
The plot is confusiong
Dejavu
Just bought a strange scottish resistance too :3
OJ: more so in that last part
Look.
OJ: it's been a scene from twin peaks for the entire movie
NO.
is this STILL on?
This can only end in GOOD ways. :D
and then it was a flamethrower
Aircrafter don't worry it will more confusing if this turns out to be another dream sequence
It's gonna explode.
inb4 explosion
Oh yeah, the guy with the hat is the stoner friend from That 70's show, isn't it.
They are so stupid
Music definitely sounds like Twin Peaks
inb4 it became a flamethrower.
Cowvarkian: no no. Twin Peaks didnt suck
01,11Ten bucks say that the short guy knows exactly how to work the smoke machine.
Now, we got smoke
Now its working more better.
Silverscreen: lol
Rex_Ivan: well, that's true
Boom.
OJ from WoW?
carbon monoxide?
01,11HOLY SHIT!
TOO MUCH SMOKE.
Now we're getting smoke...
:O
the hell?
HOLY FUCK
Holy smokes
I knew it! Too much smoke
ah
HIT THE DECK!
Damn, it was working too good.
GET OUT OF THERE!
And then smoke machine catches fire
OJ nvm
Who is that?
did something break in the 2nd stage
and then dream
And then Tito wakes up.
It's that old lady from the begining.
Wtf?
Is this a comedy?
And it's his mom.
00,10Damn I must have been tired.
Can this get anymore random?
otakon: dark comedy
Is it supposed to be a comedy?
otakon: I think it's a mixed bag
ah
Dark Comedy I think.
Hey sumica
I missed most of it
sorry
01,11...
inb4 Nick was abused as a child
01,11wow. She's coocoo
She's Anti-matter :O
I'm a ghost oooooo
she IS nuts
inb4 she is delusional.
:O she should use these powers to fight crime!
that "like air" again
She is Pinkie
damn she can walk through air
and then she actually DOES walk through something
like the first scene of the first dream
So she's a ghost.
Cypresswolf: if she were antimater whe would blown up the entire city on contact with anything :P
:D I like here
*her
ho ho ho ho.
lol
01,11"I would have worn a fucking hat
"Sometimes my arms bend backwards"
:D
01,11Suddenly she's my favorite character.
oh boy
dinklage practicing laughing...
Little fella
twilight_sprinkles: actually, she would have annihilated the whole Earth and then some.
No an evil laugh
No, you must do an evil laugh.
Whoa I missed all of bronystate chat.
Oh well!
Everlasting_Joy: nah, i dont think its that much. maybe the continent, but idk the entire planet
Umm sumica i had to pop the chat out and it took me the Rainbow_Dash thing here
twilight_sprinkles: 3.2 kg will annihilate the Earth.
Reach for the apple, Eve... I mean Nicole
Nicole i thouht it was Ellen?
00,10ok Moopy
It's not a bug it'd sn arachnid
Everlasting_Joy: of any antimatter? there are different types of antimatter iirc
is that a bed thing to me?
Nicole is the actress, Ellen is her character.
The Richard Gere movie is real
and then chat died
I WANT DE APPLE!
twilight_sprinkles: Antimatter would be composed of antiprotons, neutrons and positrons, just like regular matter.
inb4 she goes nuts for the apple?
Both are played by Catherine Keener.
or.... is NICOLE the character ? DUN DUN DUUUUUN!
>_><_<
Rex_Ivan: yes
Applejack wants the apple
Wood attack.
Youre really an android Nicole.
but anyway, TheGreatAndPowerfulT. Invite me when youre setting it up :P
I'll start something up here, give me a minute.
Thsi director is a flank, but he's also a real great leader when it's critical that others perform.
Piece of fake prop wood just...randomly there?
youtube, you?
You're*
Begin.
Everlasting_Joy: yes but there is antimatter for different molecules, like antihydrogen, etc.
How about bubbles?
Ylu want this apple? I Want it. You want this apple? I WANT IT. You want this apple? I WANT IT! You want-you want- I WANT THAT APPLE!
Ive got to wait for toy to be done with his date anyway.
Chekovs wood
Apples! apples! apples!
I am so hungry.
Give me the apple.
twilight_sprinkles: antihydrogen is an anti-atom, not an anti-molecule.
Hello mom.
lol
LUCY
ROFL
dude should have let it roll
Barbosa would've said "Apple?"
01,11Okay, that shot alone was funny.
video games
see what she does
uhmm servers i know are either full or gone
How about instead of fog, have mist or bubbles?
The bronystate server?
/me Q_Q....
I have always depended on the kindness of strangers
bist or mubbles
Quito?
nope
/me frets. :<
Never move from this chair again.
Oh, i was about to say. I lost the BS one a while ago :D
Evil Laugh.
Tito gives no damns.
or cotton candy
Taquitooooo!
RosePetal, they'll fix it in post
05,15OJ where have I heard that before?
Everlasting_Joy: i mean H2, since its usually in pairs, and its not even what im talking about, i mean there is antimatter for all types of atoms and molecules..
Suddenly mother hits on him.
Fluttercry: What?
dunno you should ask Phase4 about it i guess
00,10Fluttercry, a streat car named desire
Aw, he's crying.
twilight_sprinkles: Right, that is correct.
apparently his internet derped.
Arrrre you a pirate
05,15That's it, thank you Sumica
?
Tenessee Williams
I dont know if its gone or what
they should be online
Oh hey Phase4 :D
lol .
/me knows someone in his family, who may be showing signs of loss of lucidity and memory, like this mom. ;_;
01,11You're supposed to laugh because it's part of the random nature of the dream.
Yes
Phase4: Info please?? I lost it on my favs :(
Hm... that is a good point, I can't say I have.
applebloom.ariscop.net and nyx.ariscop.net
You're clearly an elf.
kritzkast ?
a Dwerv ?
lol that's his character he gets offended about size.
Ty!
gimi sec, i'ma check they're running
I had a dream with a dwarf in it, and it was WEIRD as hell
00,10short fuse
Just be an elf.
"This sucks, I'm going back to the Brothel!"
I love this actor
dohoho Sumica
or Lord of the rings
05,15Napolean complex
01,11Sumica: I see what you did there.
this moive's still going?
01,11Aaaaand end dream any moment now.
Now what?
/me ;;
tito don't leave little buddy :(
Randomnerd: highfive
Buschemi is going to have that breakdown any second.
Tito left.
Question for all, what do you think of the movie so far?
but someone is dreaming of a dwarf right now
ok , now put mom in it
That was pretty deep what Tito said actually.
Okay. okay.... We'll just have her say "Meanwhile" in a really creepy way and then have the light's flash while she starts screaming. :P
aparently they're offline
:'(
i'm not watching didn't see the start so i 'll do it tomorrow
It's over
RaveBrony, mvm or normal game? i can bring them online
It's over.....
"This sucks! I'lm going back to Casterly Rock!"
He's gonna go crazy. Watch out.
00,10music is building
shoot with your mom
"I never should have left Vegas."
and then someone wakes up from their dream
"Is she mad?"
I WANT THAT APPLE.
Rex High five
Phase4: Well you dont really have to. I like messing around in them. But i thot TheGreatAndPowerfulT was talking about your server when he said the ones he knew were gone :P
give me that apple!
Wait I have an idea!
okay the hell was
AJ approves of that apple
Handheld
Why not share the apple?
Never give up. Never surrender.
handheld!
OH SHE'S DOING IT
And he got his freefloating shot he wanted.
THAT'S A REAL MOM ;.;
lol mother is saving the day.
MvM tho if you bring one online :D
Q_Q7
AND it's handheld
I do like this movie. But I did pick it.
BRILLIANT! :D
You forgot the laugh.
damn
DUUUUUUUN
I've never had a mom in my dream before
I hop on them and practice my sticky jumping.
you need crazy people to make a dream believable
MOMS LOVE YOU AND HELP YOU IN EVERYTHING YOU DO NO MATTER HOW OLD YOU ARE Q____Q7
SHE DID IT!
Hai everypony! ^-^
i did knew two aside from phase server but it they're gone
RaveBrony, they're starting up
win. FUCK YOU TOTO.
hi Biglaw
Randomnerd: It is a pretty good movie, except for the dream cuts, this is pretty good.
05,15win
Mine is an evil laugh.
hi Biglaw
Biglaw: What law is big?
Phase4: Thanks! :)
That laugh
Well hey, they got it!
It's mah birthday :D
Hello Biglaw
/me criiiiies :'3
Muahhahahahahaha.
Happy Birthday
Oh and the soundguy has been in a few films I've seen.
happy birthday Biglaw :)
Happy Birthday Biglaw :)
:)
Randomnerd: I like it because I've been in a lot of these senarios.
...Wow stuff happened here.
apple is poisoned dream over
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Well we can use the one Phase just started up
Yes it does.
Biglaw's birthday was today too? So was mine.
you game?
00,10this movie makes no sence after you sleep through 90% of it
Yay :D
Biglaw: HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!! :)
The apple dreamt all of this
Everlasting_Joy: I've healped my sister-in-law film for a few days.
:D
Sure, I haven't been in a professional studio, but I have done very amature film, and a lot of this garbage happens.
HOLD IT
NO!
/me hands Biglaw a Derpy cake
All teh birthday-ness
/me hands Biglaw a piece of cake "Happy Birthday"
Sumica: Or if your internet goes out and you miss an hour of it
o3o
Recording silence is very necessary.
Sumica that makes perfect sense
hold it
Caik ^-^
Suddenly loud noises play.
After this, can I post my SiL's trailer :)
[Alpha-Trinity]: the apple just died he would have woken up
quiet fluttershy
HOLD IT! HOLD IT! The lens cap was still on
Hey it's that nurse from the first movie.
Quiet Fluttershy!
Sumica:
quiet on the set!
OBJECTION
Happy Birthday to you too, Mozdoc :)
So what's on stream now?
Sneeze.
00,10would not the clock get picked up in room tone?
... yay.
01,11The 30 second silent game.
Randomnerd: SiL?
dat 120 tempo
Sumica, I doubt it
Who will crack first?
Sumica: it's not actually making a noise
Reikim: "Living in Oblivion"
HAHA
Still?
01,11Another dream.
I thought it'd be over by now.
05,15anyone else going "1234 1234 1234 1234"
I wouldn't have thought this movie would be as gripping and entertaining as it is.
lol it's not a dream anymore.
Oh good
Wait whut?
best film by human being
The Apple awards?
it's a dream
That was a dream.
01,11...
I can almost guarantee it
He just gained +1 to eccentricism.
Another dream?
what movie is this
it's a daydream
Kurra: AJ's kind of awards
Sister in law
Probably?
hamburgha
erf
haha
I iz can cook hambuga.
what if, youre all just a dream..
hamburgha
AJ wants that Golden Apple trophy
this scene is lasting forever and....
Meh
and that is when apple came up with their logo
00,10wolf is bad ass
Can anyone tell me what movie this is?
this is a damn long 30 seconds
Wolf does not care.
Oh god, that stop watch <3
This is good
lol
HA! he's on set
I just came
Love those things
Wolf gives no damns.
13http://i.imgur.com/tjd5l.jpg
wofl is a badass
01,11...are...are they splicing other movies into this one?
/me sweats... >////<
Where Wolf
Sex?
brb fap
give you a chance? I'm afraid I can't you have that.
Whoa...
OH MAI
Whelp, I'm done with this chat.
She's having sex with chad!
Night.
DAT KRILLIN :D
POWAAA
...with nudity
Later Reikim.
the lawngest 30 seconds evar....
00,10simple dream
ASoftFluffyThing: What, this your first time?
mica:
now that is hawt
dat burger
Look at dat hamburga.
that's a juicy hamburgha
pony_3230: Nope
Cheezburga
that's hawter than the woman :D
Me gusta hamburger.
01,11Great, I'm hungry now.
Burrgeeerrr
Cya Rei....well damn
What movie did I just walk in?!
Same diner as the one that Nicole thought about working for?
inb4 sneeze
I went to five guys for dinner :D
OH!
which game?
01,11DAFUQ
dat....
Wouldn't it have been easier to get room tone by getting everyone off the set?
When hes done, hes done.
what
Are you a wizard?!
Biglaw: I want your food
Still Twin Peaks
rofl
SHE'S NOT LYING!
:O
lol
yeah .. why not?
She's Shadowkitty?! Awesome!
So that's what happened
Golden Apple.
What is this?!1?
Biglaw, all my envy
ASoftFluffyThing: :3
No money for you.
skate 2
Biglaw, did you burn your hands on the fries trying to get to the burger?
Atlas shrugs at that golden apple
ASoftFluffyThing: don't they all
Tovler: O_O
ASoftFluffyThing: Nope
Still silence.
cowvarkian, part of the Five Guys experience
Crazy dream.
ASoftFluffyThing: indubiadly
00,10films over
The end?
...
THE END.
01,11...that's it?
01,11Really?
That was actually pretty entertaining.
well that's abrupt
Damn it, I missed it!
I really enjoyed that.
I love the sillhouettes
01,11...alright.
05,15I actually really liked that movie
Room tone/10 need to shoot it again
Dream inside a dream/10
...........okay
What!? That was abrupt
Biglaw, you need to near burn your hand at least ONCE trying to get a burger. Then your experience will be complete.
00,10punch out ending
:)
well, that was unexpected, so points for that
Tito/10
Next week we find out who killed Laura Palmer
You get those little victories after so many failures.
I've been to Five Guys a couple of times too. It's a nice chain
9/10 it was an interesting movie.
So many times.
8.5/10
crazy mom was best character/ 10
I might not be around for tomorrow's encore.
9.999999999...../10
Cool movie. Technically.
Cheeseburger/10
What was that calLed/
ASoftFluffyThing: The burger was delicious, nonetheless
Kandarihu: It is? How good is the food?
Once again my internet derps through the whole movie and I miss it/10
what did i miss?
....damn it
huh... they tease us with like two just a dream sequences, then suddenly real THE END
She walks through wall/10
00,10Juciy burger/10
now I want five guys/ 10
/me gigglesnorts 6/10
I have no memoryof that line whatsoever / 10
Yay MLP Time!
Crazy Mom was best part
the credits are just a dream!
Exploding chocolate milk/10
cowvarkian: Same here.
05,158/10 I found myself liking that a lot
Biglaw: Mmmmm dem burgers and fries. God, I love Five Guys
AJIsAwesome, it's pretty good. The burgers are completely customizable.
I'm out, see ya next week folks.
:O
love the directers mother
Bye, DERPDERPDERPDERP :)
Later DERPDERPDERPDERP!
My Little Pony is just a dream. It turns out it's My Big Pony which can be shortened to My Horse
I need to go there. I just recently learned there was a Five Guys near me.
Bye DERPDERPDERPDERP
bye DERPDERPDERPDERP
DERPDERPDERPDERP, have a good week
This was... interdasting...
Kandarihu: Have you been to Fuddruckers?
Parking Coordinator. Mighty important.
Tovler, YOU NEED TO...when you can that is....
Wait, is it MLP time, or are the MLPs before each movie?
well that was interesting/10
AJIsAwesome, no I haven't.
donutpop3651: MLP after every movie.
donutpop3651: After
donutpop3651: after
01,11SILVERSCREEN'S REVIEW: I...don't know what to make of this movie. It seems like it's from another world. It's not engaging nore is it exciting for the most part, and yet it somehow keeps your interest. If you can sit through the boring aspects of it, you get a semi decent flick that's at least intruiging to watch, but I wouldn't call it something that's entertaining. 5/10.
Hey, has anyone else ever been to Genghis Grill?
Flutteryay.
donutpop3651: Its time for May The Best Pet When
Win
Kandarihu: You need to go there. Their burgers are DELICIOUS.
Ah, that one was good.
00,10Classic, that is one word I would not use for that film
Kandarihu: How is Genghis Grill?
05,15Five Guys is best Burger Chain
poni
Rd is trying to get to the set on time
more dreams!
love this episode!
Ponies watching ponies are gone?
Fluttercry: eeyup
My wife Elanor
pony time :) ....yeah havent been talkative much
I need to get my car looked at first. For some reason I have way too much oil in my engine. Five Guys will have to wait
Am i able to connect to the server if it doesnt show up? If so, how is this done?
And then Rainbow suddenly wakes up IN BLACK AND WHITE
00,10in&out is better imo Fluttercry
Fluttercry, the fries! The fucking fries! It's like....heaaaven
IN A DARING DO FILM
cin cout
AJIsAwesome: I prefer going to Carolina's Diner. There burgers taste exactly my dad's when he grills
It's an Esquilax
01,11ohey, another dream.
Tovler: Ah, damn.
Okay. Thanks.
this entire episode is a dream
wat
05,15I don't live on the West Coast, so I've never had In&Out, but I hear it's really good
wat
This even my final form
00,10was funny when pic's of this ep got leaked
all of my wat
My little inception.
Fluttercry: Smash Burger and In & Out Burger would like a word, even though I agree with ya
00,10people called it photoshoped
In&Out is AMAZING
for KIDS
This is best episode to follow freaky movie XD
Fluttercry: It's okay, if you want my opinion.
00,10cause that clip
Sumica: Lol!
This entire existence is a dream.
Winona is the best pet <3.
And cut!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
^
Fluttercry: I had something similar here called Hor n' Now which was just like In n' Out but it didn't last long
INB4 France
Fluttercry: if I've ever been to in &out then I would probably agree
Sooo... Did her "Get a pet" biological clock just go off? >_>
Fluttercry: The food is good, but it's nothing to write home about.
*I had
01,11I'm spreading this so people know. If you find a best Poni mini-game, don't use it: http://i.imgur.com/0bpKi.jpg
FRAAAAAAAAAAAAANCE!!!
J_E_Smith71: search for fat ho burgers, you won't be dissappointed
SWITZERLAND
JAPAN
one day, gummy WILL eat Pinkie Pie
Sereiously, whoever found that movie, thank you!
so .exe files actually have access to system32 deletion?
Meh, i guess it just hasnt started up then...
inb4 Pinkie Rayman
I like the mandopony cover of the song
AJIsAwesome, also good. You pick raw ingredients and put them in a little bowl, and hand it to the chef and pick your starch A few minutes later, the waitress delivers a larger bowl with everything you picked all fried up
THank you Silverscreen :o
Thank you for that warning Silverscreen
lookitgummy... LOOKIT!
twilight_sprinkles: also dont execute .bat files
Kandarihu: WOW. Sounds delicious.
Rainbow Dash. Petless.
Baby alligator eating the pyro's head needs to be a misc. item or hat in TF2
Kandarihu: fudruckers, right
cowvarkian, Genghis Grill
Fluttergasm
diddutz: so they Can delete system 32?
Best RD ep here
favorite song coming!
Kandarihu: ah, ok
And off to Fluttershy's Zoo...
AJIsAwesome: those kinda restaurants are good indeed :9
oh man, that game would be spectacular
Eddmario: Pretty much. :D
you've activated fluttershy.exe
inb4 faec
01,11Song time
Rainbow Dash is Best Pony
fluttergasm
Kandarihu: I've been to a thing like that
:D
i hope plenty of people fall for it
fluttershy XD
HAPPY FLUTTERSHY IS BEST FLUTTERSHY
especially on ponychan
Behold THE FIRST SONG OF SEASON @!
Fluttershy shcares me a bit when she gets like that. :P
SONG!
it'd be beautiful
*2!
This ep wastes no time getting into a song
<3
So this Fudruckers place is like that?
Indeed
I LOVE THIS SONG
I can't express my delight either. I'm emotionally stunted
twilight_sprinkles: honestly i don't really know, never tryed it ...
Fluttershy is great like that :)
/me pretends like it's the first time this song's being played ever :D
nose touch?
AWESOME COOL GOT ET
/me sings along :)
diddutz: ok, thanks for the .bat advice
bullets exist in my little pony!
Kandarihu: sure, why not, but not really
Sky is good :)
Mmm bunnies.
/me scremas in yaplaps voice
The Smile Song was leaked before this song/episode aired
Kandarihu: Don't act like you're a hater. I know from my entire time coming here that you're a regular brony here...
A bullet?
bad ol puddy tat
pony_300: guns are cannon
Bunnies are evil.
I tought I taw a puddy tat
They can...
bullets and tanks are canon
OJ: Lol, that reference...
Clap Clap.
Or a cute cricket :>
s3 will be a war between ponies and dragons, with guns cannons and lotsa blood
^
:D
Where does she keep the seal?
lag?
itll be like evangelion
No lag! yes!
Tank will not be denied
oceans of blood
twilight_sprinkles: YES. :D
Cri kee from Mulan was a cute criket
I have returned (mishia)
this is best part here :D
THE Squirrel
twilight_sprinkles thats Fallout Equestria
Hey cuddly_kittehs!
Something FLYING!
gravityyy
AJIsAwesome: FLUTTERSHY IS ASCENDING! THE FIRST IMPACT
access denied
http://ponybot.net/pix/1323.jpg
Hey look SQUIRREL
RaveBrony: Cuddly_kittehs/mishia
A flying squirrel does not need a caregiver in a deciduous forest
twilight_sprinkles, I doubt that Hasbro would detract from their winning formula, especially since they're having problems reproducing it.
Azuredragon: I miss that show so much.
I'd go with the monarch. i hear they spin webs and have a deadly sting. :D
Fluttershy will give you MOAR PETS.
Yellow Striped Bat eh http://derpiboo.ru/108570
If i was RD i would choose the Hawk
RaveBrony nope can't play the server is an older version
Is the bat from Austin, TX?
gotta make my mind up. Which pet shall I taaaake?
Hey ... I just realized that apparently ALL flying creatures can sit on clouds, not just pegasus
Falcon i mean
D:
Really?
Kandarihu: yeah, perhaps oceans of blood and corpses might be a tiny bit beyond their plans..
I just realized, why not just give her all of them?
Pale_Horse: dat venture brothers
When?
XylemTube: Bitch, please. I'd choose the fuckign bat!
well perhaps we should play later
Huge smiles! <3 :D BEST FACES
Rex_Ivan Griffins can
Kurra: Agreed.
Pajama Sam smiles
Nice Waldoing, Derpy.
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Alright. Just give me a ping or message on Steam if you need some peeps :P
AMMAGOSH LOVE <3
ooh, pajama sam, loved that game so much
When Fluttershy sings, you can hear a bit of pinkie.
05,15So that last flim we watched was nominated for the AFI 100 Years 100 Laughs list
I missed that before
Does it have to update or something?
Dashie's a crappy owner, anyway -they'll look after eachother.
k
Duck.exe.
dunno
:P
Fluttercry: WAAT?
05,15yup
I wanna have Dashie look straight at me and smile like that, just once. :)
Also, here's the part with the physics breaking duck.
CAMERA PUSH
hey everypony :)
Eddmario: Fluttershy also voices Pinkie Pie?
you call that fa...nah
twilight_sprinkles: pajama sam I have not played that game in forever
monarch, assemble?
A Fish Called Wanda made me laugh in the same way that last movie did
pony_300: You didn't know that?
Hello Sketch_Toku_Brony
AlienWarhead: the second was best imo <3
The first and last word you say will be "sir"
D'awwww.
05,15Tovler you know someone died laughing at that movie?
Oh FS <3
maybe i should replay pajama sam
Technically? Either he's a tortoise or he's not.
Waxing his shell... with turtle wax?
*Bliiiiiiink*
OJ: Sir, your crumpets are ready, would sir like tea, sir?
Eddmario: not until now. I always thought it was just Ashleigh Ball who was pulling double time
Tortoise
oh fluttershy :)
Persistent.
twilight_sprinkles: I have not heard of that game....in...Forever! O_O
<3 tank
Fluttercry: Someone died laughing at The Dark Knight? Da fuck?
01,11The problem I have with this song is that it doesn't match Dash's character too well. It's been established in the songs in Season 1 that Dash fits a rock motif most, so a glamorous song like May Best Pet Win doesn't match her style.
Reminds me of Putt-Putt :D
RaveBrony: i just realized how mch i miss it..
If someone rubbed a tortoise on my face I'd think it was sorta weird.
Fluttershy, I'll adopt the Tortoise!
tortoise wax*
Biglaw: 4 spoons of sugat
05,15Eddmario no A Fish called Wanda
I also love Coach RD
Biglaw: Make it 11
OJ :p
Thank you, TheGreatAndPowerfulT :)
Swig
90s kids approved
Wak
01,11And then a million jokes on being Dashes Pet appeared.
Speeeeeeeeeeeeeed
:D
Dash is such a dick. hah
Fluttercry: Wasn't that an episode of Fairy Oddparents?
Silverscren, to me Dashie calling to turkeys would fit her style. <3
:D
She really does have some odd standards
HE'S GOING SO FAST
XD
GOTTA GO FAST
Twilight is best pet
wait, was there an animation error, where RD head was behind the duck standing behind her O.o?
Sonic Falco-boom
Gotta go fast!
05,15Eddmario it was a movie first
I hope tank gets more screen time in the next season
Falcons only attain that speed while diving
Falcon is badass
Dying laughing is hard to believe. Fish Called Wanda was funny but not that kinda of funny from how I see it.
He's making me cry...
He went so fast that he overlapped them so much that he seemed to not move that much
[Alpha-Trinity]: no. Twilight is best supreme overlord of all creatures in Equestria
I wanna see Tank again too
Scootaloo should be in this episode
ded
nice job, cameraman
Physics
I thought that was Lauren Faust
Hummerfive!
FAIL
Now this part is just animal cruelity...
*gasp*
inb4 Hypnobutterfly
05,15Tovler "In 1989, Ole Bentzen, a Danish audiologist, died laughing while watching A Fish Called Wanda. His heart was estimated to have beaten at between 250 and 500 beats per minute, before he succumbed to cardiac arrest."
Butterfree used Hypnotize.
01,11Monarch used Hypnosis! It's Super Effective!
Tank, Mother-bucker!
butterfly used -damnit
Oh come on Tank. You ahve a thick shell. man up.
00,10it's easy to be brave when you only live for 9months
ASSUMING DIRECT CONTROL
lol
01,11Rainbow Dash always Dresses in Style.
^ :D
KHAAN
Still think Rainbow Dash should've taken the falcon.
Phase4: "The server you are trying to connect to is running an older version of the game" :o
Kurra How?
OW MY EARS
SHOW ME YOUR WARFACE
AlienWarhead: Suicide
twilight_sprinkles: BULLSHIT YOU DIDN'T CONVINCE ME
i thought i was out of pretzels for second, but then i put my hand down and found one last pretzel. it was pretty great
:D
Fluttercry: too much MSG in that popcorn salt, I reckon. /armchair_autopsy
Still odd when I hear an eagle shreak on a show, because it's really a falcon.
RDash5000: ...meow! ;_;
05,15RDash5000 What's your name scumbag!?
I would buy that shirt from the eagle.
AlienWarhead, while watching the movie I think, a plot twist/breakup or somethign between the main characters was so devastating to her, she had a heart attack of grief or something.
Sing Largo Al Factotum already, Duck. :|
dat theme
that's all Tank can do... that and BE THE STRONGEST THERE IS
Song drop!
Fluttercry: scumbag?
^
D'awww.
05,15RDash5000 a quote from that movie...
00,10you know
Kurra did it make the news?
00,10those must have been realy small sharks
It did in Peru AlienWarhead.
05,15RDash5000 you haven't actually seen Full Metal Jacket have you...
im back
Fluttercry: ......*sobs*
She was a teenager too. very very young.
Tank didn't jump the shark.
DAT FACE
TANK WILL NOT GIVE UP YOUR LOVE
I'll take the Owl
lol now im remembering Full Metal Disney :D that guys Donald was spot on
WUBWUBWUBWUB
inb4 SimGretina vibes
Pause for memetic effect.
DUN DUN DUNNNNNNN
DUN DUN DUN
Beggar's Canyon?
kurra wow thats crazy
again, WUBWUBWUBWUBWUB
Its minecraft tv for me :P
:D
inb4 Wagner
Secret but fun
DUN DUN DUNNNNN
I wanna see a race between RD and Sonic the Hedgehog someday.
sim gretina remix
Some people take vampire movies too seriously.
This song <3 <3
Scary butt fun
When "Ride of the Valkeries" is used in a cartoon, it gets 20% cooler.
^
You must shoot the womp rats.
Pony reference was unintentional
Eddmario 120% with Rainbow Dash
I listen to this song when playing any game where you fly
my brother plays minecraft so much...
It's kinda sad how the Falcon loses because he won really
00,10this song always reminds me of starcraft
"I love the smell of friendship in the morning.:
Ouch.
and then all the pets were brutally impailed
Basically.
Friendship can take on many smells. o.o
Sumica: It always reminds me of the Courege the Cowardly Dog episode with the Valkeries
the physics. they are broken
Falcon will not give up!
and then RD was arrested for animal cruelty
._.
Fly above them?
^
and there was blood, everywhere
^
good thing Toon World is active
derp
ABALANCH
DED
ouch
Actually, I think there's fanfic potential on what the falcon went on to do after losing to Tank. :|
This reminds me of Metal Slug 3
diddutz, I'm having trouble finding that on my own copy. What scene was the animation error?
can't say fluttershy didn't get what she deserved here
It's not a bloody avalanche. And it wasn't in Dragonshy either.
rainbow crash
127 Hours
pony_300: >fluttershy
that looks really uncomforatble
rockslide
"Save me Jebus!"
FOREEVERRRRRRRRRRR
four evers
rofl, mean rainbow dash
Foreverrrrrr..... :O
01,11I think at this point they were more focused on surviving through the place than being first.
its like fivever
Eddmario: she has to eat her wing off
Guess what? IT'S A FUCKING FEATHER! You can easily lose it...
00,10she heard the tortises theme music
Kandarihu: wait a sec
Tortise
Celestia ignored her prayers
TANK IS HERE FOR YOU
Fluttershy: TORTISE!
you can eat the turtle so you can survive longer
05,15I'm going to go and play Civ V. Later folks!
I HAVE THE POWER!!!!!
Nah. Pegasi feathers are attached straight to the bone. :P
Damn, rd :(
dat acting
bye Fluttercry
BYe, Fluttercry :)
DOOOOOOOOOMED:O
Bye Fluttercry, have fun!
Cya Fluttercry
So this means that RD is now the eagles pet
IM GONNA SING THE DOOM SONG NOW :D
05,15bai
bye Fluttercry
later Fluttercry hope you play Celestia civ
AssertiveShy!
hmm... I wonder if someone made a 127 hours fan fic yet
DAT PINKIE JUMP
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Traveling Pony Museum Post-Con Update
DOOM DOOM DOOM DOOM DOOOOOM DOOM DOOM DOOM
twilight_sprinkles, love is more important than flesh
Don't worry Spike, you can be Rainbow Dash
Well it's most of Rainbow Dash...
:D
RDTortoise Safari.
Kandarihu: youve never watched bear grylls then!
Thanks a lot. now I wanna play Doom again.... Kill me some Cacodaemons...
Slow and steady wins the race
How'd she get the bandage?
So does Tank have super strength or something
Badass Falcon
and then bandages from nowhere
Tank also hsa a medical license. Unlike Dr. Zed.
ASoftFluffyThink: You don't wanna know...
has*
Pinkie lean
Tank is also support :)
AlienWarhead: yep. in fact, after this RD and Tank took over the world http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_maiaqgDAC41qc5ffho1_500.png
Wouldn't the talons stick into her skin?
Conyst: i love you for saying that. no homo
Kandarihu: 8:55 on my copy, when she introduced the speed competition
DAT YAY?
yay?
nay.
yay?
Tank is 135 tons Colossal weight.
nay to the yay
00,10why not both?
RDash5000: No homo
you're better off without her, Falcon.
aww
DAT SMILE
Mozdoc just Rarity and Sweetie belle
Sumica: Dash said only one spot.
Poor bird is sad
yay?
Deleted scene: That falcon/hawk gave RD and Tank the finger with it's wing
Sumica: she's not an animal person?
That's an absurd rule. There are so many ambiguous scenarios
Sumica: the eagle is obviously a tricky bastard who just wants to steal rainbows stuff
Eddmario: :D
Sumica: Becuz Tank is easier to forget in later episodes apparently....
Falcon loses with honour;_;7
That Trolltoise.
gesundheit!
I love Opal.
Sticktoitiveness isn't a wrod, RD. :|
that cat is a diva.
He's like a Panzer
Taaank
00,10well that and the first time dash set him down on a cloud he fell right throught it
kazundheit
It's called a Parakoopa
Tanks are canon
Sumica: Yep :D
dat magitech
oh yea that's right, Tank in season 3!
the yogscast does pretty good miencraft videos. Have you heard of them?
And then Rainbow Dash became an inventor.
Now, Cromulent, THAT'S a word. ;)
turtlecopter goes, sososososos
It's about raising a troubled child? No, I'm reading too much into it
Awesome!
The day I see a turtle fly is the day I see a plumber jump 10 feet in the air
Steampunk!
AWWW IM TOO LATE FOR PONIES
Needs more rockets
a flying tank!
Steampunk Tank
01,11If you look closely, you'll see a magic glow around the connection between Tank's shell and the coptor.
soisoisoisoisoi
Dash lets tank play with a ball, it's called Spalling
She now has a guided missile.
Flying tanks - every milirarists wet dream
Do know when season 3 is comming yet?
Tank is now an A-10 warthog.
MY ROFLCOPTER GOES SOL SOL SOL
Silverscreen: NO WAY!
RDash5000: :D
this is tank in the bloody pony war of s3 http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_maiaqgDAC41qc5ffho1_500.png
Silverscreen: I saw that too.
yep, I watch em every so often
Most people won't get that joke <_< >_>
Silverscreen: and its Celstia's magic colour
twilight_sprinkles: Oh god! :D
the this was enchanted with yellow magic
00,10yeah and if you follow the aura collor rule Silverscreen, then Celestia made it
01,11And tank was never seen in season 2 again.
twilight_sprinkles: FELGELEIN!
oh, what they said
Wow fancyschmancy.
YES!
AJIsAwesome: Fegelein* :D
lolwut is this?
da wat...
Xd
twilight_sprinkles: :P
the end
Gaaah page, load already!
LYRA!
Lyra!
Hooves like Jagger. :D
cool
O_o
Ahahaha nice.
/me walk to the beat |3
01,11And that's the end of tonight's BMN. Hope y'all enjoyed it. :)
this is new
Play "Screw the Nether" next
0,14that feel when a friend of a friend runs the the Traveling Pony Museum
thanks for the stream Sumica that was fun thought I missed most of the B
Tis Lyra
its a gmod map...
und dann we were banned
YOU'RE BANNED
DO GANGNAM STYLE! :[
Silverscreen: indeed I did
Thankyou Silverscreen :D |3
uhh
/me slaps rdash
W'all did.
WHAT IS THIS.
I sure did, Silverscreen :)
Lyra would never ban humans. :P
rdash: uh woops i missed, sorry
we did enjoy BMN Silverscreen
o_o
twilight_sprinkles: Wrong person. :(
/me slaps RDash5000
WHOOHOO X3
OH MAI
SaxyPretender: I've interviewed her.
Actually, I believe that the Russians DID build a flying tank-- or rather, a tank that could be delivered by a glider. The projest was scrapped after they realised that it was the easiest target ever while airborne.
Well at least she's not shaking her plot....
._e
Hahaha - that's great :)
nvm
thanks Silverscreen
Bon-Bon approves of this video
AJIsAwesome: i know, i need to work on my slapping accuracy..
that flank disturbs me, think i like Solider better
great, Lyra Banned me :(
lol
Aaaand you're banned :D
twilight_sprinkles: ....I deserved that
OOOOOOWHATS THIS
lol
/me gives twilight_sprinkles +200 accuracy
wat
You like popsicles?
0,14she seems nice from that one time I met her
DAT SCRUBS
0,14how'd that interview go?
G'night everypony!
lol
Scrubs forever!
Who made that Lyra moves like Jagger video?
:o
Stetsons ARE pretty cool...
night donutpop3651
True Grit or Black Swan for A movie?
Lol!!
stetsons ARE cool
01,11To those that WONT' be on tomorrow, I want to say it's been good to know you all and that it's been fun being here every week.
AJIsAwesome: yay! now i can land a slap on a wall!
Thsi just makes Fred creepier
nauuuuughtyyyyyyyyy
Nnnnnnaughty...
FRed!
naaaaaaaughty
2010 remake
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
NAAAAAGHTY :D
D:?
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
Could we stream some Animaniacs, please? :$
/me hugs Silverscreen D:
AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH:[
Anytime we can?
Parodies of both episodes
It has been, but ya HAVE to still check in when ya can.
If it 's possible.
don't be a stranger Silverscreen
Silverscreen: well dude this is only temporary I'd say we'll see you again eventually.
unc unc unc
RIDIN' ON CARS!
cannot unsee
I hope so.
Silverscreen what? where you going? D: :(
Silverscreen: The best wishes to you!
*bobs head*
If friendship is magic what is love?
I LOVED THAT MOVIE
WHAT IS THIS FROM?
SERIOUSLY
Love is love.
we never DID watch the "How it should have ended" for Batman, did we? :P
I need to know
AlienWarhead: Baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more...
AlienWarhead: Obviously the highest epression of friendship.
WHAT WAS THAT SCENE FROM?
/me bobs head
We'll miss you Silverscreen
otakon: i guess its not anthology?
bc that music was AWESOME
Bat Dart
AHahaha, was that full metal jacket?
otakon: httyd?
Silverscreen: Seriously, hope everything goes well. Business before pleasure, but make sure to visit us every once in a while. :)
Ahahahahaha, NICE!
twilight_sprinkles: I don't think it is
otakon full metal jacket
lawl
AlienWarhead: no the flying one
:D
Yep, this is FMJ.
:D
Lmao
lol
FUCKING BOTS
whever you're going Silverscreen we will truly miss you and your trivias, and hope you're well whever you go.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
Lets all count to 7 !!!
7
i win!
01,11OLD vs. NEW of BATMAN coming up after a few PMV's
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7.
Yay!
otakon: The flying one was from How to train your Dragon i think
Even APPLEBLOOM flies before Scootaloo
FATALITY
And this was the Original Poniator vid
diddutz: hmm kay thanks
+ 20 xp
6_9
._.
lul
My Little Taxidermy kit, lol!
Oh geez these animations...
bye everypony
Great
I want a my little taxidermy kit
a.k.a. the my little Testa kit
Cya BroPony|MEDIC
....;.;
My Little Chuck Testa.
bye BroPony|MEDIC take care
bye BroPony|MEDIC
Yes! This one by General Cactus!
bye BroPony|MEDIC
BrokenHeart
Bye, BroPony|MEDIC :)
byr BroPony|MEDIC
Oh, this one
Man Twilight Sparkle impersonators are dime-a-dozen
Bye BroPony|MEDIC
Dear Celestia, today I shot and killed an innocent bear.
OJ: yeah true
Oh man Cacti?
:D
01,11http://us10.memecdn.com/sweet-fancy-moses-hes-right_o_761256.jpg
Anyways, now I'm gonna ACTUALLY leave, g'night everypony.
night donutpop3651
Night.
night donutpop3651
DAT FACE
creepy much?
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
ded
flutterkira
...Okay then.
O_o
NOT YOGI BEAR!
aww
Just as planned!
nvm
o_o
I DIDN'T SEE THAT COMING
._.
SaxyPretender: It was an awesome interview! Turns out she's also a Whovian, a gamer. She's all sorts of great stuff.
01,11...okay.
or maybe kirashy
Did someone say Zoidberg? :,,,,,:
ooooooooooooookay
nig donutpop3651
why did I see that coming
And then Fluttershy and Rainbow Dash agreed to house-sit for him.
I DID!
0,14sweet
not really
and then she really does kill him
Holy shit, Cacti did a PERFECT Yogi impression
Procastination
01,11dawnmew: lawl
:D
dawnmew: That's awesome. :D
I SEEN THIS
:D
ROFFLE
i love this...
Derpy scented muffin.
01,11Nopony rejects muffins!
YES
MrPoniator has improved I say
:D Yes!
The panda :D
and KICK
HEY ITS ME :D
DED
lol
Derpy claimed muffin!
/me flips a cart
MUFFIN!
This video is always going to take some careful timing to avoid the S3 spoilers
I love that bit
goddamnit derpy
DED
CHARG!
xD
I need muffins.
nini all
stupid sexy twilight!!
even derpy knew it was Chrysalis
dat flank
lol
bye Kurra
AWESOME sexy twilight
Like nothing at all
01,11lawl
o yes
Ya can watch the interview on my site if you're interested.
=_(\
dis
nothing at all
And it took about 6 months for that Poniator vid
still flying after shining armor banhammered them I C
i love dis so much
Stupid Sexy Twilight... INDEED! :$
YES
bye Kurra
nothing at all
This one
ARCHIE
DAMN CUTOFF!
OH GOD NO!
door's on fire
<3 this video
Oh jeez.
YES!
oh lawd
:D
:) So adorbs
Nothing at all... nothing at all... NOTHING AT ALL
oh this
ALL OF MY LOLS!
01,11oh god.
OH. MY. GOD.
It would have been funnier if you guys just made a big SPOILER box and stuck it over ******* in the final scene
I LOVE THIS ONE. :D
01,11I know what this is.
<3 this
01,11And i'm scared.
GODDAMMIT WREK BOT!
twiiiiiiliiiiiiiiight
We're going to candy mountain!
so....... creepy?
holy jesus this is creepy
Silverscreen: don't be scaaaaaaaaaaaaaared
otakon: Wut?
ADVENTURE
01,11Oh god.
adventure!!
01,11Why.
But Pinkie Pie works at Sugar Cube Corner. How could she forget where it is?
Come to think of it, I wouldn't be surprised if Sumica has a version of that one with the spoilers cut off
Come play with us forever and ever
we're going on an adventuuure
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY
and ever
oh hell this is more freaky than it should be
01,11WHY?!
Silverscreen: bc it's hilarious
/me introduces his face to his desk
XD
Come play with us Twilight... Forever and ever and ever...
lol
twilight the unicorn?
XD
*THUD*
XD
Come with us Twi.
For those who don't get it, it's a parody of Charlie the Unicorn, the WEIRLDEST video in existance
thud
XD
They're like the kids from The Shinning"Come plaaaaay with us Twilight..."
and joyness
that cheap animation:D
lalalalala
01,11I can feel my IQ dropping...
lalalala
SHES SINGING THE SONG1
Eddmario: I think some YTPs would like a word with you.
SirGanjalf: twilight animation si good though
DAT CRACKLEDON
THE 4TH WALL HA SBEEN BROKEN
Eddmario: weirder than llamas with hats?
I love how horribly animated they are
Crakle!!
Ohai Krackle
actually the cheap animation is homage to the original Charlie animation
MAAAAGICAL
shuuuuuuuuuuuuuuun
diddutz: Yes
a Crackledon!
Krackledon eh?
I would prefer Charlie the unicorn
:D Crackledon
Eddmario: actually, i've seen MUCH weirder
SHUUUUUUUUUUUUUUN
A maaaaaaaaaagical crackledon
SHUN!
lol
It's Vladimir and Estragon
Shuuuuuuuuuuuun
The only thing weirder than this is porn
Crakle is best magical dragon!!
waaahhh
01,11I feel dirty watching this.
twilight_sprinkles: i know, the contrast makes it
IT DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING!
why does this seem so right?
twiiiiiliiiiiiight
twiiiiiiliiiiight
Use the masterball on the crackledon.
Silverscreen: what's wrong man? Just enjoy the insanity!
00,10this bit makes it worth it Silverscreen
I'm on a bridge!
Pinkie makes sense, but why is Fluttershy there?
Okay, who lobotomized Fluttershy and Pinkie? Srsly?
I'm done the voice acting could be better
01,11oh no
01,11no
and here comes the best bit
SirGanjalf: oh, theyre not the ones...
01,11please tell me there isn't a song
D:
NO
01,11please
O
01,11no
yeah go there
No. Not the basement.
Silverscreen: enope
uh oh
There is
OH YES
CUPCAKES
Silverscreen: enjoy
Silverscreen: its good
DO NOT go to the basement
ENJOY!
OH SHIT
YES
:D
XD
I've got a bad feelings about this...
Oh Celestia No
01,11FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!
XD
OH
YES
I SWEAR that's really John De Lancie himself
XD
Silverscreen: what's wrong?
WAT
Lmao
HOWW DID THEY DO THIS?
discord XD
cuddly_kittehs: with love
ok shoot me
01,11*head explodes*
Pound and Pumpkin <3.
dang, that's a good DeLancie impression
00,10sounds just like discord
Someone should stream Torchwood: Miracle Day sometime here
Yeah :P
dat physics breaking
What's happening? D:
Season 3 Prediction: Discord returns, he and Pinkie Pie become BFFs.
that really IS a pretty good imitation
that was nittany
Indeed
ok seriously, how did they get that voice
SirGanjalf, magic is happening
MICHALE BAY PRODUCTION
and then KABOOM
EXPWOION
NOOOOOOOOOOOO
EXPWOSION
Don't go!!!!!!
SAW
ded
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
That IS a bucking good impersonation! :O :( :$
goodbye FOREVER
And then they took her kidne-I mean cutie mark
Silverscreen: so why don't you like this?
LOL
Use teleport Twi.
O_o
Great :D
Heh hehl..
took her cutie mark!
lol not bad
and then... she got it back?
GLORIOUS parody! :$
DAMN YOU REV!
She knew without looking?
Time to earn another one Twilight.
play the discord song agian XD
weird how their cutie marks are on their haunches
wow
could be better
YES!
YAY!!!!\
Kandarihu: i think she looked
Nostalgia Critic!
oh god
NOSTAGIA CRTIC!
suddenly, Critic?
YES!
why is this smug bastard on screen?
Hey it's that guy...with the glasses
everyone yell in joy
01,11No, I don't like it. I don't like the style. The pure stupidity for humor style has never been my kind of thing.
Ohai Nostalgia Critic.
Clearly Applebloom has it now.
THANK YOU Sumica!
OLD vs. NEW
inb4 A BAT CREDIT CARD
YAY!
YES
??
imb4 o fortuna
wait.... is this what I think it is?
Spectrum_Rush: Not that ep
pony_300: Yes.
Nostalgia Critic!
A wild Sumica appears
Silverscreen: well that's your loss. I dislike overly depressing shows like NGE and Madoka
WE SAW THIS MOVIE
im batman
01,11Is Buytoast here?
Ready Fight
Silverscreen: its not entirely stupid, its kind of a joke about a real life threat
pony_300: *yes* NOW SOMTHING UNRELATED
SirGanjalf: oh I know, but I mean in chat
i've been here yes
oh snap. He did do an Old vs New on True Grit
and in and out
bye eveypony
ah, right
Tovler: eeyup
bye BroPony|MEDIC
Bye, BroPony|MEDIC :)
brb need a drink
winking"?? YOU CALL IT WINKING? ALL THIS TIME TWILGIHT, YOU HAVE BEEN "WINKING"!!!?!?
Take care BroPony|MEDIC.
The Adam West version (troll face thing)
Silverscreen wait how are you talking without a head
gottagoguysbye
cuddly_kittehs: *winking out
Twilight: umm...yes :P
Actually this is better! I was expecting an MLP comparison
The 2005 King Kong was bloated as hell
why do ya ask Silverscreen?
Oh, some guy talking. I'd listen, but i'm listening to MLP music
01,11AlienWarhead: I'm a goddamn ghost.
THE BAT KNIGHT :|
twilight_sprinkles: yes but in the joke i was taking that from it was just WINKING
By the way, hai guys!
Silverscreen: AAAAHHHHHHHH
01,11Because I figured you'd have left by now.
Hi, Slenderman :)
Keaton is better, in my opinion.
hi Slenderman :
Buster Keaton.
George Clooney! *troll*
why?
:)*
hi Slenderman
bat cedit card
._.
Slenderman:HELLO SLENDY BE MY FRIEND
come on Nc. you know it
Slenderman: Want some Slendy bucks?
it was pointed out that there has NEVER been a bad Joker portrail. Joker has ALWAYS been great
Slenderman: Oh hi slendymane!
Bat Masterson could shoot both of these guys between the eyes.
I like how Bale
so That was the original, huh..twas kinda dissappointing when it was streamed
01,11Rex_Ivan: that's because it was an awesome actor always playing him.
Ha! Winking! :$
I like how Bale's and Keaton's Bruce Wayne is different.
0,14well, I'm off to bed
:D
0,14good night everyone!
lol... yea he's got a good point
ARRR
the original was threatiening?...he looked like a mutated penguin...
01,11I have to disagree on the Batman aspect. I think Bale was the better batman.
YARRRRRRGH
talk like a pirate day
Bale's Wayne is a rich, spoiled asshole and Keaton's is an shy eccentric
cuddly_kittehs: NO! I'm Slender MAN. Slender Mane is my brother from the other realm, the pony realm. Though if I recall, EqD will finally post my brother's expirience.
YABBA MY ICING!
Silverscreen: but I mean in ANY incarnation. ANimation or movie or TV. I'm impressed that they never got a goose egg over the decades.
AHHHHHHHH
Cya SaxyPretender
yarg she blows!
Take care
Dat emphazema
Is that your new stage voice.
Hello moon. Hello MOON! Hello starrrrrrrrr...
the voice
:D
00,10lol
the original moved like a penguin, the newer sounds like he swalled a chainsaw
oops i blew it:(
01,11Goodnight MOON! Goodnight STAR!!!
That voice always did bother me.
Goodnight STTTTTTTTTTAR
00,10knew bat man would win
DAMN YOU KEATON!
Ledger
00,10he's way better then bantman
Winner: Original because he didn't like the voice?
well alright
RaveBrony, oops
Ledger
??
ledger 100%
Ledger hands down
Buytoast: because he seemed more natural
Ledger was Joker, Nicholson was... himself
the outdated version, i forgot to update
01,11Yeah, really, Keaton was better as Wayne, but Bale was better as Batman.
Slenderman: Oh. Im sorry! its just, in our relm *relm of ponies* you appear like Slendymane. that, and i'm a teenagr earth pony. I kind of lost a fear of the slender after SlendyMane lost me- and i recived one of the frist signs of my cutiemark *but i still dont know what it is, just a possbility*
i'ma finally make the autoupdate work
By "The Comic" he means "The Killing Joke"
new joker is epic
Alrighty, ty Phase4 :3
this was good scene
oh god this scene
eeyup
D"
01,11The Killing Joke and One Bad Day were the books that Ledger's Joker was based on.
D:
lol
01,11:o
dat face
i like the killing joke
and yea he was right, it was pretty quiet when that scene happened... hell it was quiet through most of the movie
Hasn't seen that scene before, seen that just now, its night time, going to bed soon..... T_T
Slenderman: don't....don't ask how i escaped. Maybe it's because i can't lose a staring contest....?
Aircrafter: you poor bastard
the scene that got me was the one where he told the guy he was going to chop him into little pieces and feed him to his dogs
"This Critic needs an enema!"
00,10cant pick
:P
this critic needs to stop
Joker works well with dat Kakihara smile! :O
wait, he's done right?
00,10both alfrids were better for there respictive universes
OOhh Nostalgia Critic
01,11My favorite scene is the one where he gives a lecture to the Mob about how Batman changed everything.
Buytoast, yep
ah, then it's a good time
lol
AAAH:O
Yeah, too much Vicky Vale in Burton's Batman
yes he does
He's a butler. This is what you pay him for
bc he is a BRIT
lol
:D
But I like Alfred's speeches. :S
wierd
and Brit's ALWAYS HAVE SPEECHES
this gag makes no sense
:D
that life experience
I did think that Cane did the whole, "I've lived more than you ever will" bit pretty well
01,11Buytoast, what exactly is your problem with him? He's not that bad of a critic, and he does make a strong statement on how people can have differing opinions.
Alfred is supposed to be the wise man. Nolan generation was better.
Wait
00,10olman is way better gorden
^
Oldman was Gordan?
WHAT?!
00,10every one loved bob
right right he Gordon holy shit Oldman was Gordon how did that work
HOLY SHIT
BOB!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JqV_qqA56QE
what?
01,11Bob!
to me alot of his stuff is over his own personal shit rather than looking at it overall
everyone remembers Bob
REALLY?
Microsoft Bob
BECAUSE IT IS BOB
WHAT?!
well ... I remember Bob
like orignal batman winning because of how someone sounds
BAD TOUCH
00,10wins by a bob
I remember that Bob dided
also his gags are moer annoying than entertaining
otakon: :(
by a Bob
otakon: Joker killed him IIRC
I negate this and say the cartoon wins
SirGanjalf: eeyup
RaveBrony, was easier than expected, servers are updating
lol
will autostart when done
like that temple of doom thing where he forced the freeze frame for about 10 different parts in order to force the joke through
01,11You do realize that after his start, all of his reviews were ones that people requested, right? And as time went on, he reviews the entire movie and gives a more fair review at the end of each video. Not to mention that it's just a character. He's not really reflecting Doug Walker's personal beliefs (for the most part)
Goddamn Shaky Cam
Shh
01,11shh
Silverscreen: more like a hyperbole of his opinions
Shhhhhh
Shhh?
otakon: Shhh
That part with the Semi flipping in Dark Knight is one of my favorite scenes of all time.
Shhhh
quiet Patsy
Eddmario: eeyup
i hate the character
i don't care about the guy
same like pewdiepie
Most of the Old Vs. New almost ALWAYS have a tie
01,11He completely bashed Sonic the Hedgehog and gave a fair beatdown to Hook despite admitting it was a movie he liked.
Spamming... Quiet??? :|
Buytoast has not yet understood that the entire internet is just a giant stage play
i understand that
he's just a terrible actor
Silverscreen: except he praised SatAM
oh good
Buytoast fine do like any of the other critics
Spam spam spam eggs bacon spam baked beans spam spam
Silverscreen: it felt good seeing him give props to saturday Sonic
well you WILL have crappy actors from time to time
lovely spam
delcious
Silverscreen: Actually, he bashed Adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog and respected Sonic SatAM.
oh i forgot that Prince music montage in Batman
01,11THEY ANALYZE EVERYTHING!
I think the semi flip isn't possible, at least not using lamp posts.
not really no
i don't pay much attention to critics
^
01,11Yeah, I was talking about Adventures.
unless it affects me
Alright, ty Phase4 :)
pony_5252: it's not
It Stinks!
Any estimated time?
akhem
00,10lamp post and the anchors set in to the street pony_5252
Hotchie Motchie
should be ready by now
What anchors?
if not wait ~3 minutes, if its still not done i'll check
Oh, cool, ill check
the whole point of the Dark Knight was the concepts it was givin the audience
GODDAMMIT
Burton's Batman wins because of BOB.
FUCK BOB
nuff said
brb, gotta go send him some hate mail
fucking Bob
00,10after he zigzaged the lamppost he fired the other end of the cabled in to the pathment
twilight_sprinkles: :D
They did it like that because $$$$$
:D
And anyone with half-working eyes and more than a half dozen brain cells would bash Adventures.
:D
now is it just me or is his face very very punchable
Batman wins no matter what.
hehe
Lmao!!
Family Guy did it
Kencolt: Adventures? OH THAT piece of shit
like you just want to slap his shit until there aint nothing left
thats me on the phone btw
From a rage he did
Eddmario: that's an actual sound clip from him
nah its fake
01,11I watch him more for the humor (which is a required taste), but I do find that his final review at the end of a video (which is a more fair judgement of the movie) makes sense and is given in a respectable manner.
I think I should buyToast Spam eggs Spam
d3rb: um no it's not
Yeah, Batman is far improved.
:D
trust me, im a doctor
ffs
oh no
please
please no
HELLFIRE
Silverscreen: same here
Yes! I saw this yesterday and loved it.
o.o
otakon: I know that. I just think it sounds like it's someoen else
d3rb: a doctor or the doctor?
HA! reign of fire! Has that been choosen as the B-movie yet?
But the Dark Knight really has some crazingly good lines.
Pie Jesu domine...
meh, for me the newer batman was better in almost every way
Dona eis requiem...
Okay, WHAT THE FUCK ARE WE WATCHING?!?!?!?
the doctor of doctors diddutz
Wow, spam all of a sudden.
Hellfire?
the original was kinda boring for me, tbh..
Watch the Nostalgia Critic for humor, watch his reviews as Doug for critical analyzing.
*smack*
Hellfire!
I have to disagree though, the plot of DKR keeps taking twist every other minute. Burton Batman, outside of the cosmetic plot, I didn't feel as engaged personally.
Eddmario: it really is audio ripped from a recording of him freaking out over him.
why must they always force things with ponies
lol I just watched this
I just noticed. Those two unicorns must have the same special talent. :P
what a shame
wait I mean TDK
hm, I gave Batman 8/10 so I guess I agree with the Critic
Hunchback
What is this?
HELLFIRE!
HELL YEAH!
Oh this is gonna be good . . .
Oh, nvm :D
Twilight is Frollo?
Rest in peace, Tony Jay.
...
Then who is Quasimodo?
ASoftFluffyThing: OCD so yeah
I'm out it's getting really weird and I'm tired
...
dat dancing
...Fluttershy?
VenHur: no Spike
Twilight LUSTS for the rainbow vag!
I love this song so much. There' so much passion behind it.
Hellfire is easily among the top tier of Disney songs.
Is this from the first or second one?
oh God
THE SHIPPING
Sheesh, this again?
wait..... this creepy scene
I kind of hope this was with Spike and Rarity
Number_11: are you SHITTING me?
to ponies.... oh god
Twilight is Frollo, pfffft.
Number_11: there is NO comparison it's from the first
Number_11 first movie
dammit now I have the urge to watch it again
Rex_Ivan http://www.myfacewhen.net/view/1648-noface
gasp. Hell in a disney movie?! (I hadn't seen Sleeping Beauty yet)
otakon: Hey, I haven't seen the second one, and the first one I haven't seen in a whole DECADE
Hell, even with ponies this song still gives me shivers.
God, this song is just so great.
the second hunchback was just a money grubber
exactly
I HATE money grubber sequels
Even Milton would have slapped Frollo upside the head.
Would the second hunchback movie be considered a B movie? :D
AJIsAwesome: it's a Z movie
._.
The ONLY thing I remember from this movie is "Pour the wine and cut the cheese"
if you can consider it a movie
It's so good...
There was no second hunchback movie.
Buytoast: A sequel to a movie intended to capitalize on the first movie's popularity?
Twilight_sprinkles: oh come now. we can all agree to rainbow vag
otakon: I know. It's terribly bad. :D
Clerk 2 was ok, I guess
Eddmario: that is sad considering it's fine music
Kandarihu: IS? it's DONE
AlienWarhead: yeah
and then he gets controlled by the dream eaters lol
god have mercy on me..
It's a DIRECT sequel
01,11I think Batman is better as a superhero movie, but TDK is a better film overall because it gives challenging concepts and ideals. The only issue is that TDK explains everything through speeches and constant talking rather than through symbolism and actions, which is the point of a visual media. But, you can't have complete perfection, so we take what we get, and TDK gives us a hell
1,11of a lot.
You gotta admit, both The Lion King sequals were pretty good for direct-to-video films
BUUURRN
otakon god have mercy on the film makers
and it's DVD only
AlienWarhead: agreed
WELP
This guy...
O.o
oh god, this asshat again
oi
Ducktales cover, hmmmmmm.
that was pretty goddamn AWESOME!
DAMN IT. This song is like the Game.
Buytoast: ASSHAT?
Just so you know, the MLP theme in this song is the G1 theme
Duck Tits! Woo Hoo! :D
DUCKTALES!
Oh my god.
01,11IT WILL NEVER LEAVE, IT WILL NEVER LEAVE!!
Buytoast: can YOU play those songs and sing it as well?
Ducktales? NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Silverscreen: lol
the original was just boring to me, i was half-asleep. also, batman killed people which greatly took away from his character
howdy everypony how are y'all just logged on
tmnt
Also
This video is alright except for the fact that it uses the dub theme of Digimon
Howdy DJ_POn-3|PeachStreak.
Now it'll be stuck in my head again
he's playing them yeah, but he aint signing them well
white guy with acoustic guitar
<3
SHUT UP PEOPLE ITS NOT THAT BAD
NEW TMNT TOMMORROW!
silverscreen: sometimes you have to have exposition. Oh well
TMAT
:)
what's next pinkie and brain?
daring do?
I would love a name for this.
OMG, the pony sprite was dancing1 :D
sonicandmario85: are you kdding? I love this stuff
turtles and ducktales theme were played, all I need. *turns off video*
He dropped the ball on the Animaniacs one, but otherwise doing good.
What's this called?
ghost busters!
That little pony in the corner doing hte monkey !
DIGIMON!
GHOSTBUSTER!
:D
LOL
so much nostagia!
Rex_Ivan: That's Sumica's R63 Oc.
cover of 1990 best tv shows
eh
Digimon!
All the Nostalgia.
00,10"the cartoon medly"
01,11Rex_Ivan: Agreed, but when that exposition takes up the majority of an entire act, it needs to be toned down.
IT SHOULD BE GHOST NAPPA INSTEAD OF GHOST BUSTERS
Thank you
YES!
01,11Darkwing duck
Darkwing Duck
FUCKING HELL YEAH
i miss that show
Buck this sleep... is good for my soul
:)
AJIsAwesome: dup bro i made a new O.C. (guess you could know by the new name)
please tell me he puts a Gargoyle chord in here!
Is the new Thundercats still airing?
this is new
need Season 2 of new Thundercats
I will freak!
i'm pretty sure 90% of the cartoons who's themes were used in this I either never heard of or never watched
The Raggy Dolls
the raggy dols?
...I do not remember that one
He has an excellent tone to his voice for singing.
I LOVED Talespin.
This needs the opening to Maya the Bee
TaleSpin!!
01,11This is like a love song to 80's and 90's cartoons. It's awesome.
THE ADAMS FAMILY
time to look up the RaggyDolls and find out ALL we can
Talespin!??! <3 <3
Tovler: it's coming eventually I hope, the reboot series is surprisingly good
will he play mlp theme?
I watched all these. Except the dolls one.
WOW THIS MAN IS AMAZING @_@
00,10ikr Silverscreen
Bamse?
How can he do Addam's family without snapping fingers?!
only 90s songs so far
SCOOBY DOO
I was born in 1992. How do I have so little memory of TV from back then?
<3
nb4 G1
Scooby-Doo.
whats the name of this video
G1 Theme DH_POn-3|PeachStreak
01,11I want this fucking guy to do this live....
Scooby Doo is universal
OJ: you were but a babe
Scooby-Doo! <3
scooby-Doo... my Entire childhood!
That's 60's song right?
SO MUCH NOSTALGIA!
SMURFS
THIS LIVE?
doctor_whooves127: check chat up
POO!
00,10loved the old winny the poo theme
Pooh!
ALL MY MONEY
poo bear
doctor_whooves127: Cartoon Medley
ALL OF IT
pooh
01,11POOH BEAR!
AJIsAwesome: No, it's not
;_; Winnie the Pooh
^
i am a child of the 2000's
The Nostalgia lvl exceed 9000!!
<3
Wow, it's been FOREVER since I heard that song
01,11Holy shit, Winnie the Pooh!
00,10Denver too
I played gamecube as a first system
What's this vid called?
DAMN YOU NOSTALGIA TEARS!
00,10"the cartoon medly"
Random fact: The VA for Tigger helped invent the artificial heart
i still say this guy looks like the university douchebag that plays shirtless under a tree trying to pick people up by acting deep
and watched newershows then this...
Eddmario: No I was saying if this was done live, I would give him all my money.
winnie the pooh my childhood show
wait..is he even playing
BUT I LOVE THESE SHWOS ANYWAY
Thank you.
now THIS show I remember
80s and 90s had too many cartoons for us
but then again that's just how he looks
Eddmario: THat's pretty awesome.
im starting to doubt hes playing it right now
01,11And I need the link so I can put this on Facebook. Give everyone an explosion of nostalgia.
DEXTERS LAB
Dexter <3
HA! HAHAHAHAHH!
doesnt matteri dint grow with them like i did Timmy turner or Danny phantom, double dare or Dexter
hes playing very sloppily
Brave stare
Dexter!
:o
Dexters laboratory :)
YAY
twilight_sprinkles: he probably did and then just re edited the sound in
01,11Chip n Dale
RESCUE RANGERS~
Rescue Rangers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrMvYHFeH60
and rescue ranger!
Omg!!
rescue rangers
00,10The Cartoon Medley (FreddeGredde)
GODDAMN MY CHILDHOOD!
otakon: yeah, doest look like hes playing right now
lol
00,10search for that Silverscreen
tiny toons
DAT TINY TOONS. :D
pony_5252 No video links are allowed during stream
egad he's all over the place
YES!
TINY TOONS!
O_O
HAHAHA!
01,11<pony_5252> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrMvYHFeH60
AHH!!! <3
GUMMI BEARS!
01,11THANK YOU
Tiny Toons I remember that show <3
:)
01,11FUCKING GUMMY BEARS!!!!!!
chip&Dale? what the hack, in my country they were called Chip & Chap O.o
GUMMI BEARS!
AWESOME gummy bears
This guy has an endless song library...
01,11GODDAMN, I WANT THIS SHOW TO FUCKING COME BACK
._.
There was seriously a cartoon based on a candy? Da fuck?
This man is my new hero.
gummi bears r good
wut
Eddmario: My bad.
MUMIN:O
Rosfox:its looney tunes but the characters ar ekids i guess
Never saw Mumin.
Hahaha
01,11THE NOSTALGIA! THE NOSTALGIA! GAAAAH! *heart attack*
Mumin? time for wikkipedia?
My heart can't stand all this nostalgia.
YES
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
SONIC!!!!
WHOOOT
DAT SaTAM.
FUCK YEEEAAAAA SONIC THE HEDGEHOG!
still waiting for Maya the Bee
YESSSSSSS
I must dedicate my life to learning his ways... ;_;
hi aj and everypony
SatAM!
so would this be considered "Mass advertising"?
Sonic SaTam
YEAHSH!
00,103.......2........1
MLP THEME FTW YAY :) :D
YAY
LOL
....
:D
ogod
:D
no
FINALLY!
old school
Hah
NO
:D
01,11lawl
ROFL
THIS IS OLD MLP
SonicSatAM was the only Sonic cartoons I saw.
And it's the old one too, just to fuck with you
Ooooh, so it was all leading up to this.
Guys, it's the G1 theme..
Not quite, but close enough.
OMFG PONY HE SAID PONY GAIZ PONY AMG PONI OMFFFFFFFFFFFFFFG
NUUUUUUUUUUUU
Darn it, he's only doing the bad Sonic theme-- YES THE GOOD SONIC THEME--- MLP?! *fangasm*
FLintsone :D
/me flips all the shit
Kandarihu: the only one WORTH seeing
XD
FLINT STONES
Eddmario: And it was actually not bad. It was tyhis fairy-tale medieval fantasy thing. With Bears who were the last remnants of a once great civilisation.
<3
Tansformers!
twilight_sprinkles: I KNOW RIGHT?!!!!!!!!! :D
THe Flinstones XD
Autoboats.
TRANSFORMERS
yes..
transformers
KandarihuL You saw the good one. Don't worry about the other ones.
OMG
/me flips all the tables
Oh wow
Armada had the best Transformers theme
Gummy Bears lol is it sad i only see the robot chicken one that gets its foot caught in the bear trap :D
how dd he know oO
00,10and yes all the back up singers is him
I'm a bit surprised how many I remember. I think I watched a lot of cartoons.
LOL
01,11Holy hell, he managed to even do Transformers.
I hae NEVER heard of Doctor Snuggles
Phase4: How do i join i? Ive never been able to join anything with just the info... :(
*it
DAFFY DUCK!
By the way, how is that new Care Bears show?
wow, he just broke the 70's barrier
the most IRONIC THEME EVER!
I'm most impressed with his ability to shift so flawlessly from one tune to teh next! Skillz! :)
since ive been saying nothing I might as well log out, night guys :)
No one, but Donald Duck~
WOW.
IMPRESSED.
Hey, im one of the youngest here *freshman* and i watch tons of these Old shows. CAUSE THEY ARE BETTER THEN CURRENT ANIMATIED SHOWS
Night Darf14
01,11...
wow
Aaa my childhood
:)
Night Darf14!
and yet NO love for Bucky O hare
*golf clap*
Night Darf14
What about carmen San Diego?
cuddly_kittehs: agreed
Night, Darf14 :)
other then mlp g4 that is
he did a fair bit of editing though
Cya Darf14!
Rex_Ivan: He did it already with Flintstones and Scooby Doo
/me claps
:o
night gyus :)
oh bugger
Gundam 00!
There is no new Care Bears.
Gundam 00
01,11I just got bitch slapped in the face by my childhood.
bye Darf14
Yay, moar Gundam!
anyways hi everypony and AJIsAwesome
I used to be able to do a really good Donald Duck impressien, but now I can only sometimes do it...
night Darf14
Well, it's time for me to throw myself at my bed as hard as I can in an attempt to break it.
*guys*
01,11And it was AWESOME!
so it's finally over?
snap ive caught up
:'(
Hi, princess|whoozy :)
what's this now?
With the nostalgia I'm going to bed
ded?
So who is that?
DAMN, that sucks.
gundam
this that gundam show again?
night Darf14: :)
ded
That dude looks familiar . . .
otakon: His sister.
hi princess|whoozy
WHY?
its gundam 000000
AJIsAwesome: ah
00,10it's Saji's sister otakon
Muppet Babies?
KEEP AWAY
01,11Well...that's a mood whiplash for you.
im so <_> like i might make errors i took medicine
otakon: boomerrang. im happy they have old pokemon *when it had some nice story* and Ben 10 *orginal* on it
ahh this is about the point when shit started getting real
KEEP AWAY
Oh, Gundam 00
JAAAAAYSON
i feel like e___e
night [Alpha-Trinity]
Gundam style http://www.thinkgeek.com/product/f25b/?pfm=rightcolumn_NewStuffFTW_3
Night [Alpha-Trinity]
whaz dis
night [Alpha-Trinity]
/me slaps Conyst
WHAZDIS?
Oh, we're not just screaming random names? Drat.
peace
First his girlfriend, now his sister? Damn, that sucks.
01,11And with that, I go to bed. Goodnight, everypony, and if I don't see you tomorrow, farewell.
gundam 00
WHAT AM I FIGHTING FOR!!!!
Oppa Gundam Style!
cuddly_kittehs: hmm indeed you should check out Sym-Bionic Titan if you get the chance
Night, Silverscreen! :)
should play some baman and piderman to break up the serious
00,10first his girfriend gets fucked up then his sister gets killed
night Silverscreen take care!
Welp i'm off for now
Bye Silver~
Farewell Silverscreen!
bye
night Silverscreen
twilight_sprinkles: that hurt
by Silverscreen
Goodnight Silverscreen
Night Silverscreen! Take care and enjoy yourself and visit sometime! <3
otakon: I have heard it was a good one that ended to soon
It's been a blast having you around, Silverscreen.
bye Silverscreen
Conyst: good. no gangnam :I
see ya Silverscreen
Okay WHERE ARE THE FAT PEOPLE IN THIS SHOW?
is this gundam 00 S2
Night Silver. We'll miss you, and you are ALWAYS welcm back
night Silverscreen see ya
cuddly_kittehs: truer words have never been spoken I think
00,10still s1 LunasGuard|Tired
richfiles: he'll be back tomorrow
:'(
im with otakon WE NEED FAT PPL FALLING
Hi
ah
and i gtg soon >_> cause my grandma
otakon: have you seen Genrator rex? I dont lnow why, but it has the qaulity that should have been given to the Ben 10's new show. Its why i dint watch ALien force: cause all the qaulity it should have had was in Genrator rex
princess|whoozy: no we just need some variety to the "World of skinny people" animation style
twilight_sprinkles: it clearly says Gundam
XP
;~; as annoying as Rex was, i found him likable.
cuddly_kittehs: agreed I'm not digging the new Ben 10 series myself either
RaveBrony in console type "connect nyx.ariscop.net; password: ponies" don't add the " "
Vader's maneframe
Ah, the Wham Episode.
otakon: only reason for seeing alien force Gen rex crossover: i got to see New ben get his ass whooped. hard.
Conyst: the word gangnam is one the page, though.
Cya everypony!
bye DerpyMuffins
Bye, DerpyMuffins :)
Take care DerpyMuffins!
Oh wow, thx TheGreatAndPowerfulT!
didnt know you could do that
:D
00,10he's not hacking, just playing mario
bye DerpyMuffins :P
bye DerpyM- gone
XD
:D
Cuz thats why im nearly failing my programming class, huh? Hahaha
*Guess
not cuz
alest when i get off i can watch king of the hill
Was he floating?
@_@
Goodnight Bronystate I'll probably come tomorrow
lol
cuddly_kittehs: Low g.
night AlienWarhead
Cya AlienWarhead
Take care AlienWarhead!
Night, AlienWarhead :)
bye AlienWarhead
night AlienWarhead
whooooooweeee WHAT UP WITH THAT
Everlasting_Joy: Ah. i understand the joke of him having issues staying grounded ;)
Geez i talk too much. I should have a 3 message limit in 10 seconds. Ffs
:) XP
time for a black dude to beat the shit out of a sissy
KERNEL!
TheGreatAndPowerfulT, password is turned off right no
did not know that
Chat derp?
nope
Nvm.
OW my head hit the keyboard D:
just ded
Uh.
DAHAHAHAHA SHE SAID DOODY! :D
:P
That really looked like something else for a moment.
dawnmew: :D
But I hate blue drinks
damn lushes
But alcohol is a magical drink.
Got to go everyone.
bye VenHur take care
Take care VenHur!
Bye, VenHur :)
oops ... slipped drugs into your drink ... sorry
night VenHur
Alcohol is a magical juice
sleep well
bye VenHur
oh look it's Neil
Night VenHur
We also have cake!
Like humans do!
we need cookies and ounch to Conyst :P
00,1020 eps later and they finaly act like a team
punch*
You can never stand the ounch princess|whoozy
i ment punch <_> man i hate this medicine
what medicine are you taking princess|whoozy ?
idk my gradma gave me something then but this baby lotion on it i think its the lotion >.>
the lotion did say bedtime lotion...
it was all a dream..
00,10is it realy made of baby?
So many dreams tonight.
^
00,10man down
Charged particle cannon!
http://derpibooru.org/107959?scope=scpee797e8c7c16183d62da95919900ca5c09c6b09e0
anyone else love that the little pony in the corner does the monkey dance at totally innappropreate times?
he ded
ded
DRUGGED
Prepare for launch!
00,1019 on 4 seems fair
Roger Roger
rules for Gundam drinking game: drink when someone says "Gundam" or when someone dies, or when some one goes on an ideological monolouge
well they have gundams
Anyone still awake?
hallo
hi Dken2021
00,10Rex_Ivan, might as well just swap to IV
elloDken2021
drink double if they are dying while monologing
Rex_Ivan or for Gundam Seed: Drink when there is no action in the scene
He started monolouging
00,10seed: drink when some one trys to out emo some one else
FLASHBACK MONOLOUG DRINK!
yeah im here, I'm just doing something, I'll be back in 10
Can't take part in drinking game. Underaged.
now i gtg D:
maybe 20
darn u time
00,10night princess|whoozy
bye princess|whoozy
night princess|whoozy
Take care princess|whoozy!
bai ^_^ seeya tomrrow
seeya princess|whoozy
UP UP N AWAYYYYYY :D
ASoftFluffyThing well drink soda then
k
bye princess|whoozy
Drink everytime someone said Gundam
13his AT field looks weak
No depth perception.
what does particle compression ratio, would just take a bigger blast in any case to brea it
Their hubris is apparent.
*have to do with it
night princess whoozy
thelonepony: Don't have any.
well drink anything then
is me eating cereal a part of celestial beings master plan???
00,10windows crash
:D
guys i think theres a system error
Japan: where yelling at your machine makes it work better.
^:D
fucking windows 7!!
^^^
No BSoD?
Just hold on and act like there's a plan.
Everlasting_Joy: the OS IS the BSoD
It's a trap
otakon: :).
oh god, is he going ti go through that every single episode...
Yay!! Just found "The Head Warmer". Ornament Armaments = now paid for. :$
00,10yep he wants to be a gundam
00,10quick swap to mac
Roger Wilco
nuuu
NUUUU
MMMMAGIK
spiruuuuul powaaaaaa
will power active
I'm not dead yet.
i wonder if yelling at my c++ prgrams will fix them too
00,10if only we killed them ratehr then watched them
I don't want to go on the cart.
13he appears to be ded
additional rule: drink when someone powers a gundam with WILL alone
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Equestria Inquirer #54
If yelling at things worked, I'd be hoarse.
ded
black lightning in space...wow
Using robot fingers to pull giant triggers on...space pistols...just seems all kinds of inefficient.
have i ever said how much i love this site?
RDash5000: :).
Sumica: wait aren't Red GN Particles poisonous?
Dammit Jim
WHAT?
suddenly ponies
wat
00,10damn cat
so this is were i left off
Sumica: lol
NN
lol
:D
Sumica: sure blame the cat
SUDDENLY PONY!
lol
i heard topsy turvey day
^^
cat has the right idea
That was abrupt.
IT WAS THE CAT'S FAULT!
Bacon mane
also
dat face of twilight
SCREEN...too late
and then i saw what it was paired with
What fuck the watch did just I.
loooooooooooooooooooooooool
what a shame
WAT
indeed but that's probably next
That was funny.
00,10when she falls of the desk on to my keyboard i will blame her
Run away!
And my sister in law thinks I should have a cat to keep me company. No, thank you. I have enough trouble typing.
Kencolt: what about a pooch?
i wub my cat, unofrtuantely it lives with my parents...
All right, I am going to hit the hay.
poor lockon
night Everlasting_Joy sleep well
my cat is the kindest cat in the world
Night Everlasting_Joy
night Everlasting_Joy
otakon: Even more hassle. Besides, I'm not really a pet person anyhow.
The age of the Gundams is over...till the next series
bye Everlasting_Joy
Kencolt: goldfish?
Night Everlasting_Joy :)
See ya tomorrow everyone
otakon: My toilet gets clogged enough without fish in it.
bye Conyst
later Conyst
haha Kencolt
Kencolt: hamster?
00,10and yes it was the next video
yay!
PONY
otakon: I DO NOT WANT A PET.
Kencolt: but aren't you lonely?
all background ponies are the same age
good morning
otakon: Nope. I tend to be a very private person.
hi DaringDerpy
same age in both twis childhood and not i mean
twilight_sprinkles: Except Derpy who is ageless
ello everypony :)
00,10fluttermoto
this, this is awesome!
so quasimodo is fluttershy, lul
YAY STRUMPETS!
fluttershy is quasimodo ... HAHAHAH!
yeah Pinkie makes a perfect Clopin
00,10appledash
YES SIR!
lol
well night everypony and Sumica
some how this fits
00,10night LunasGuard|Tired
night LunasGuard|Tired sleep well
night Lunas- gone
<3
Seriously
Not quite sure if this was an appropriate time to enter. First thing I see is ponies singing a carnival and Sumica saying a shipping term
HOW DO PONIES GO WITH NEAR ANYTHING?
aslo
hi!
hiya Lunar_Brony hi
i just made my O.C. in pony creator
*also
hi Lunar_Brony
otakon: BECAUSE THEY CAN
oH MY GOD
D:
now I HAVE TO SEE HOTEL TRANSYLVANIA!
and then FLuttershy was outcast from EVERYWHERE
DJ_POn-3|PeachStreak: I recommend if you make one, use the model you made in the creator and edit it yourself.
It's directed by Genndy Tartakovsky!
I HAVE TO SEE IT NOW
Hunchback of Notredam?
:O Cloppin? I know of Clopin from Growing Pains
dufuq?
AJIsAwesome: what do you mean wise one
If only to support that magnificent bastards work
yes
DJ_POn-3|PeachStreak: I mean, use the pony that you made in the creator and add your own details to it. That gives it more originality.
lol
/me MY LEG
/)_(\
Yo
i only wish the goggle straps could be changed but i can do that in paint.NET
13later in space
moar gundam 00
hi Rainbow_Shock
can somepony tell me where sweetie bot came from?
Later
hi Rainbow_Shock
IN SPAAAAAAAACE!
Roleplayz????
RDash5000: Think it was FiW
RDash5000: Friendship Is WItchcraft.
00,10not his shooten eye
NOT THE SHOOTING EYE!
wait, is that shining armours voice? it sounds a lot like it :/ (it probably isnt)
Is a roleplay up
no idea
Damn he got up fast
nice weeping_pegasi82 :)
SHUT UP HARO!
he's a bitch
weeping_pegasi82: "Did he spraya park bench so that he looks like he's floating in mid-air?
Lunar_Brony is a roleplay goin
*spray a
weeping_pegasi82: It's very nice.
00,10wrong channle if you are looking for roleplay
now that I look at it closely the legs are a little small.... hmm AJIsAwesome and yes he did
weeping_pegasi82: Did you get the reference?
Rainbow_Shock no, although this alias originated from RP. I dropped that quickly but kept the nick cuz it's cool
AJIsAwesome I did immediately
of course I did that's all my little siblings watch is spongbob everyday
so how much of this show is possible? you know solar panals in space gundams and whatnot
WOAH
so i haven't been paying attention to this show at all
but arre gundams good or bad?
or mercenaries
Buytoast: both i think?
they're neutral
depends on your point of veiw
morning everypony ^_^
hi NocturnalBlade
so the military is just butthurt?
Depends on the person using the gundam, I think.
watchin the Avengers while I watch this :$
Hi, NocturnalBlade :)
00,10they said they will stop war with war
morning NocturnalBlade
Gundams are simply tools. It's the pilot that defines them.
13so..
00,10the world did not take kindly to that
13they aren't flying gundams?
13or they're going to get themselves?
13i'm confused
I wasn't paying attention
stupid library card
00,10Sudo gundams Shizuka
/me hugs thelonepony AJIsAwesome and RDash5000
00,10looking to destroy real ones
/me hugs NocturnalBlade back :)
pirate Lockon
back
YARRRRGH
how does one make their words italicized
RDash5000: Use /me. It's italicized because you're making a command.
00,10RDash5000, use /me
cool. thanks
00,10they are for emotes or actions
/me is happy he knows how to do this
Sumica: That would be Pseudo Gundams, actually.
fluttershy hair?
awww snap
These three I wouldn't mind seeing go boom.
and they waist power useing the vid screen to respond
me neither
nice death blossom
death blossom?
wb
IM SO CONFUSED
doctor_whooves127: -______-
ARGH!
You do not recognize it?
now that guy went all dark
nope
YES KILL HER!
KILL THAT BITCH!
DAMMIT!
why didn't you Kill Psycho bitch
she didn't get a chance
00,10you realy dont like her after what she did to Louise eh otakon?
Sumica: eeyup
psychopathic bitch
Sumica: I've hated her for years since I first saw this on Adult Swim.
created to destroy ourselves
00,10you meen Scifi?
i hated her from the start and lothed her when she did that
anypony able to make my cutie mark for my O.C. paint.NET wont let me without it looking to small also if you do make it make it a .jpg image plz
I can't draw
weeping_pegasi82: VERY NICE.
Can't draw either.
my drawing sucks
DJ_POn-3|PeachStreak: what does it look like and can you show me a rough drawing?
download GIMP
practice
that's all you can do with a mouse
I HATE trying to draw with a mouse
it means he's a dick
sorry
Oh hey guys. whats u-
ANIME HELL YEAH
hu Slenderman :)
hi*
hi Slenderman
yh Gundam 00
sup Slenderman
What wonderful show is this?
oh, that asshole -_-
Never heard of anime hell. WHat's that?
hi Slenderman
00,10mandown
BEWM
yay
YES
AJIsAwesome he was making an expression towards enjoying anime
DED
KILL THEM!
Lunar_Brony: I know. :P
KILL THE PSYCHOPATHS!
one down two to go
KILL THEM WITH FIRE!
kill them all
That escalated quickly.
M-M-M-MONSTER KILL
Lunar_Brony: Just joking around.
yeah, I know
good evening everypony :)
welp that's a big sword
hi kirzstryfe
Kill Psycho bitch savegly please :)
hi kirzstryfe
hai kirzstryfe
00,10hi kirzstryfe~
hiya kirzstryfe
welp so much for the trinities
Hi, kirzstryfe :)
KILL THEM ALL
CRUSH. KILL. DESTROY
there's no "eject"?
00,10kabwooooom
Boom ded
well now you ded
welp psycho bitch next
Now for psycho bitch
great now she'll be even more psycho
KILL ER!
inb4 she lives
00,10suddnly exia
Sumica: so I'm guessing your favorite anime's are all related to robots?
Army of ten: Useless. One mercenary: Two main characters dead in 60 seconds.
DAMMIT WHY DO YOU DENY ME!?
no no no no no
00,10nah
KILL THAT FUCKING BITCH!
WHY WON'T THAT BITCH DIE?!
kill her
dawnmew it's an anime
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU-
otakon it's an anime
/me explodes
I know, doesn't make it any less funny. :P
awesome
otakon no allcaps :p
pats otakon on the shoulder
00,10cool gun, but imprtacal
dat gold gun
Sumica: well all the anime's I've seen you stream all have something to do with cyborgs or giant robots
golden gun
Golden Gun reference?
Sumica it's just paint he can't afford it for real
YAY
its ok otakon, she'll die soon enogh
enough*
YAY
00,10he planned on it
you just killed Theta you dunce
Hello everybrony did i miss anything?
lawl
hi GreeTheGermanBrony
wow hes a bad ass
dat censor
hi GreeTheGermanBrony
hoi GreeTheGermanBrony
hiya GreeTheGermanBrony
Hi GreeTheGermanBrony
What is this on stream
Gundam
it's anime
inb4 he blows up
here is where we find that the old man had control over the whole situation
00,10vtech yo
the whole time
WHT?!
it..evolved?
suddenly Speed Force Gundam?
the hell?
wait
hyperdrive
it's anime
Hyperdrive?
Music!
.......
Cool anime
no shit.
exia hyperdrive
00,10trans-AM
...
Hmmm
GUNDAM
he said celestia :P
it's SPACE MAGIC
13so... who am i supposed to be rooting for
oh i thought we were watching pokemon, thanks for reminding me this is gundam, emo kid
Shizuka: Setsuna
Shizuka the guy who's kicking ass
Celestia he said
Shizuka: i have no idea
Shizuka: it's complicated but at least he doesn't kill civilians and children
wasn't that a poopy car?
drinking rule: when they power Gundam with their OWN WILL ... drink
Trans AM?
REALLY?
the transam...cool
the transam
FUCKING REALLY JAPAN?
uhhh should I know what that is?
13so this is... the ford gt
/me facepalms
Sumica: courtesy of your cat http://i.imgur.com/D0hTx.png
13doesn't have the same kick
i'm fairly sure its a car modle
YES! the Gundam is the ULTIMATE evolution of the Trans Am
I said that irl. It sounds stupid
XD
NOW you know
Spectrum_Rush: THANK you sir
00,10lol
CAPPUCINO! ITS KEEPING ME AWAKE
What is this show called?
otakon: Why surprised? In Magic KNight Rayearth 2 all the four kingdoms vying over the Power of the Pillar were named after automobiles.
gundam 00
00,10it's the twi just farted in a crouded room face
OMG that's goign to be the next gundam move. the CAPPUCINO
Kencolt: really?
Sumica: eeyup
13he
He wanted?
13rages against the machine?
taoumi: yes
welp someone is gonna die
otakon: Really. Manga and anime artists have some odd habits.
Kencolt: agreed
wat
I love this joke dub
Pie that is Pink
see: dragonball z
:)
WANKER
Ponies
Ryunosuke: yeah but that's at least funny
WANKA
yay British ponies
UFUFUFUFU BRITISH !!
Oh it's very nice out here
If MLP was BRITIsH? :D
BULLOCKS
:D
Spike's noises are jus annoying
Aw yeah!!
nice
YES
Pary-bot!
um
This is basically what 4kids does with Japanese-->English.
British ponies. Not really my thing.
William Shakespeare did not wear a pretticoat. :P
what am I looking at?
PARTEH!!!!!
otakon: ponies ^_^
yay
yeah but in what?
British > not real language . HA!
00,10this should destroy my bitrates
..........
O_o
wubz!!!!
is this what it's like to be high?
... sorry .. I feel bad for making that bad joke
MY GODDAMN EYES!
I CAN'T SEE!
Sumica: sure is messin my laptop up something fierce
My Goddamn Ears!!
ugh, THIS song
otakon: TAKE IT LIKE A MAN!
wah?
:D:D
I can't see
Oh god
dat fat bastard
i'm perfectly fine *ears fuck*
I high school play Gangham Style for our homecoming assembly....
Lunar_brony: no ... you do not know yet. LSD is more than ... so much more than
typing by muscle memory
nope nope and nope
Sumica: What video is this?
WUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUBZ
my brain cant take this
*my high school played
13dubstep
hopefully fingers don't change palces
13some people claim it's music
This is literally giving me a spazm
IKR?
Yeah...
see what this video is doing to me!
Shizuka: what do YOU claim oh one who says wub?
this is bad dubstep
My everything hurts from seeing this.
O_o
which reminds me , would the austin power movies be a or b?
Spectrum_Rush: B
very, very bad dubstep
this is dubstep?
Spectrum_Rush: I don't GIVE a damn the budget or gross, they are B
Okay, who slipped me every psychotropic drug mixed together?
Ugly dubstep
what in the hell is this
I just walked in... what the hell
Inb4 RabiesBun
What is this?
this ain't even funny if it's trying to be
Dr_Fumbles: we're still wondering that too
YOU REALLY ARE A FAT BASTARD
And theres comments all of my favorite techno vids saying "Where the hell is the drop? This is terrible!"
00,10and deleted forever
i thought it was a dial-up Modem slowly dying
this is what mlp acid trips are like
play some GOOD dubstep please. if any at all
Sumica: lol
yay....
Wait... what just happened...?
I wish all commercial breaks were like that.
the ONLY dubstep I've heard and enjoyed was Ephixa's Zeldastep, but atleast they don't take music and throw random technological sounds over it
Slenderman: no idea. LETS WATCH GIANT ROBOTS
13gohan's gone?
Relevant to the last pony episode for movie night http://derpiboo.ru/109044
but even that's only 4 songs
good
Slenderman: Dubstep self destructe
dubstep
oh stop whining
pick one
Dude's driving a trans am
Shizuka: no Johan
because you can't have both
Lunar_Brony: good day
Spectrum_Rush: ha, i just saw thtat pic
hi cuddly_kittehs
why is she the only one to survive?
Megus XLR?
hi cuddly_kittehs
doctor_whooves127 it's an anime
I have been reading a amazing fanfiction
00,10cause every one hates her
RDash5000: Good Dubstep? Yeah, next show live footage of bigfoot :D
Spectrum_Rush: wellthat's a bit disturbing
13there is a difference?
and once i start reading....
buytoast: really? you cant have both?:'(
This show makes no sense...
tI CANNOT BE STOPPED
THE TRANS AM WILL SAVE US ALL!
no, good dubstep doesn't exist
I WILL NOT SLEEP UNTIL THE STORY IS READ
so you an't have both
Slenderman: It's Japanese...
for heaven's sake what is the deal with that stupid pink sweater!!!???
Good intro music =3
Slenderman: makes plenty of sense if you catch it from the beginning
*sigh* everyone has their own opinion i guess.
cuddly_kittehs which fic? I'm reading 5 and writing 3
Slenderman: ....i challenge you to a staredown!
slenderman: it only makes no sense if you do not understand the Japanese way
and don't even get me started on books
00,10reset the world........er i meen stop the world
ALl you need is an EMP as big as the one from MW2 an your good.
i know one skrillex song, i actually think it isnt bad. but other than that most dubstep is pretty bad
Lunar_Brony: Checkmate (danny phantom fanfiction)
/me stares at cuddlykittehs
Sumica: exit this world, enter the next.
cuddly_kittehs that name hits me in the nostalgia
13nopony but me got sumica's joke
twilight_sprinkles: i usually don't listen to the "mainstream" dubstep artists, because they're usually shit
13i am disappoint .-.
so many haros
Lunar_Brony: this ones a grueling 86 chapters and these are DEFINTLY a good 5-6 pages each chapter
Foppish Physician + Quadwrangler <3
somtimes its just 1-2 pages thu
dat eyepatch
"Dubstep" and "Artists" should not be in the same sentence.
shizuka: and it always falls short when you have to explain the joke
dat twi plush http://www.ebay.com/itm/-/251158761295?item=251158761295&ViewItem=
Light?
Dr_Fumbles: ok ok. you dont need to be so negative about it.
Oh shit, it's Kira!
shizuka: I'm sorry. I feel I;ve failed you
dubstep>rap
Spectrum_Rush: PLEASE GIMME! TAKE ALL MY BITS
twilight_sprinkles: exactly
Rap isn't even music.
Dr_Fumbles: it isn't
The dubbing sounds very good. Who dubbed it?
cuddly_kittehs heh, nice. I'm /trying/ to read "Fallout: Equestria". Do you know how big that damn story is?
sergey smirnoff
Smirnoff?
seems legit
russian mcrussian face
He must be
00,10Sunrise dubed it
think he's russian?
ALCOHOL
Smirnoff nice name
/me puts on glasses
Shmernof? Seriously ? Thats not a real name
Smooth
Aha sunrise. Sunrise dubbed it
notice the lack of "YEEEAAAAAH"
yeah I noticed jackass
Rex_Ivan: smirnov*. and it is
Lunar_Brony: I like the story, but its to long. FOR ME
I thank sunshine for dubbing this awesome show
Spectrum_Rush: No... that's a book called Kindle, that's not right. Go kill that book with fire and replace it with a "How to Dance" book.
Rex_Ivan: its a somewhat common last name
Lunar_Brony: maybe its because its harder to read on comp? i could read fallout equestria WAY EASIER if it was in paper form.
oh Sumica http://derpiboo.ru/109070
00,10so looking at my commands list I see this
00,10otakon #bronystate They aren't on that channel
00,10otakon #bronystate They aren't on that channel
00,10otakon #bronystate They aren't on that channel
00,10otakon #bronystate They aren't on that channel
00,10otakon #bronystate They aren't on that channel
does anyone else think that guy sounds like shining amour?
Lunar_Brony: With long stories in fanfiction, i tend to skip paragraphs that are to close togather due to my vision
anyone think that looks like the ship from Power Ranges In Space?
dat Sumica
the hell?
00,10been kicked alot tonight eh otakon?
that's your kickbot being too slow Sumica <3
Dem otakicks
Sumica: yeah goddamn bots
Rex_Ivan: whats that supposed to mean
Twilight_sprinkles: thank you
:kickcount otakon
Spectrum_Rush: otakon has been kicked 12 times
mica
:D
OHH MYY
oh mai
Micara
Okay how can that guy see with the HAIR COVERING HIS EYE?
how many times have i been kicked?
Rex_Ivan: its a common name. i even knew a smirnov.
00,10:kickbot 6 11
Sumica: Setting kickbot to 6 messages in 11 seconds
:kickcount cuddly_kittehs
cuddly_kittehs: cuddly_kittehs has been kicked 0 times
otakon: with dark magic
cuddly_kittehs yeah, reading on a moniter isn't the best on your eyes. I'm getting an e-reader which lets me download directly from Google Docs, so I can read the fic there. I can also surf the web, so any other fics are at my fingertips
:kickcount cuddly_kittehs
otakon: cuddly_kittehs has been kicked 0 times
>Wears his hair over one eye >No depth perception >Good luck with this
you've never been kicked
:kickcount otakon
Lunar_Brony: otakon has been kicked 12 times
otakon: In Anime, that hairstyle automagically makes you a badass, and has nothing to do with aim.
"D
atleast it wasnt 2 9 Sumica
:D
seems about right
:kickount Nobody
:kickcount Nobody
twilight_sprinkles: Nobody has been kicked 0 times
bleh.
What's a 'throne'?
Lunar_Brony: E-reader can be a bitch somtimes, but at least it has black text, and the screen isnt to bright. but still: PHYSICAL BOOKS ARE WONDERFUK ;)
00,10one down
ded
:kickcount mishia
cuddly_kittehs: mishia has been kicked 1 times
welp that's one down
What is with anime and fucking rediculous character(s) (designs)?
check my ip's kicks
QUIT TALKING TO YOURSELF
Dr_Fumbles: I'm more concerned over the overlong/complicated names
ok kiddies don't be abusing the kickcout command now
00,10Dr_Fumbles it's so you can remember them
so, are the red or purple guys the good ones
lol, I suppose
DED
Dr_Fumbles: yeah in Gundam 00 NO ONE is even SLIGHTLY overweight(unless apparently it's that one chicks chest)
Spectrum_Rush: am i the youngest? if i am i am the one kiddie. *freshman*
otakon: <This
Throne = Sounds like megatron, Sumica :D
Twilight_sprinkles: I am sorry
cuddly_kittehs first of all, wonderfuk. LoLz. Secondly, yeah, books are amazing. I think there are people out there who are printing out the fic and will be selling it in book-form sometime this year
all encompassing message cuddly_kittehs regardless of age :P
Rex_Ivan: yakov smirnoff
Lunar_Brony: Im' going to assult that book. then you shall see the power of OFFLINE READING
have fun
<3
enjoy do not force yourself
cowvarkian
LoLz
dine uh mas
What is he squealing about, he's not getting hurt, it's his suit
it's suicide
totally missed that one
star wars anyone?
What book youtalking about? I'm getting Past Sins,a nd have a pair of Fallout: Equestria 5 volume sets
Slenderman: the shocks are shaking him PLUS whenever he gets close to that super soldier chick he gets a horrible headache
roger roger
the longer and spikier your hair, the more powerful you are. Bonus points if it's a fucking rainbow
richfiles you know Fallout: Equestria, right?
RDash5000: I would take space ships over giant robots every day
RDash5000: Federer Federer
I have that
Quantum Brainwaves
whatever the hell that is
richfiles it's getting printed on paper and will be up for sale at the end of the year IIRC
Actually, two copies of FO:E
BFG GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
00,10big fucking beam
BFB
Jesus...
HEADSHOT
DJ_POn-3|PeachStreak: That's VERY NICE.
NOT THE PARTICLES!!!
running out of particles?
energy
DED
for gundams
the physics...
I hear a wolverine voice
oh god the physics
Rex_Ivan: im from a slavic country, although i live in us
it's anime
FUCKING SCIENCE, I SHIT YOU NOT!!!!!
MORE DAKKA
*ahem*
HORY SHET
damn
fucking science, I dont even
SCIENCE!!!!1!!
Well, that's one way to deal with targeting blindness.
AJIsAwesome: thank you kind sir are you able to make that in art program if you can plz make it a jpg in case for editing
DAKKA DAKKA AND MOAR DAKKA!
dawnmew: by going in idioticly, likely dying instantly?
Twilight_sprinkles: you have not seen the Smirnov booxe ?
TRANS AM
So... why are they fighting? and why in space?
Dr_Fumbles: bc the Gundams base is in space
Dr_Fumbles it's anime
DJ_POn-3|PeachStreak: Sorry. I don't have any art programs.
Rex_Ivan: i have, like i said, i do think theres a alcoholic beverage smirnov, i just didnt know it was so famous in us
Lunar_Brony: Makes sense :P
Linear cannons?
DED
twilight_sprinkles: neither did I, and I live here
Dr_Fumbles: and for why, it's because the Gundams originally went down there to disarm the entirety of the world. Whether the world wanted to be disarmed or not
twilight_sprinkles: I mean Booze. it is pretty famous. If you say Smirnov, then many people will think Vodka
richfiles: you lucky
I'm heading out for the night. See y'all later!
DJ_POn-3|PeachStreak: I'll try my best what size did you say you wanted?
Thank you Sumica for the always awesome stream.
otakon: whay?
dat music
nite Lunar_Brony
Rex_Ivan: thats not exactly famous, just recognizable
Night Lunar_Brony :)
Rex_Ivan: hm ok
00,10night Lunar_Brony
Dr_Fumbles: bc some guy did it to help humanity into a future without war
night Lunar_Brony
bye Lunar_Brony
night Lunar_Brony
random guitar --->shit got real
Night Lunar
Man is it me or is Red just TOO goddamn evil?
night Lunar- gone
hes goddamn evil
otakon: yeah
Sumica: Seriously, Alisashe's voice is VERY familiar somehow
I can't remember or type these crazy ass names
sounds it atleast
00,10yeah it is
Oh yeah, let's take away any hope humanity has at defending themselves. NOTHING CAN GO WRONG!
otakon: real people can?
weeping_pegasi82: normal sixe for a cutie mark please
cowvarkian: I think if you looked at people enough you might find that the common consensus is alcohol.
Vordox: wolverine from Xmen evolution?
dead
DED
I love this circular logic
damn tough bastard
Gah! Dumb chat derp! 6_9 had to refresh
AJIsAwesome: heres the original believe it or not i drew her during an STD seminar it was very boring so i drew her and STD pony
Rex_Ivan: I never said you were wrong, just that it's more recognizable then it is famous
you mean 6x6?
dead
DED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
There sure is a lot of noise in space...
oh wait
dayum, that bad guy is leet
Spectrum_Rush: Hmmm, maybe
Dr_Fumbles: for theatrics
DAAAAAYUM
weeping_pegasi82: eeyup
Dr_Fumbles: because this show has no scientific credit?
wait his helmet is cracked
he'll die
otakon: he already should be dead
true
Helmet... is cracked... SAFE
but he's losing oxygen
weeping_pegasi82: wait a minute you want the pony creator version of mine i have her saved so you have an idea of where to put the cutie mark
wow. that's annoying
otakon: hell, there shouldn't even be giant fucking flying robots in space, but bah, whatever
ok
cowvarkian: -____________________-
otakon: yes, I know
targeting computer for a cannon
IT"S SABAT!
or sound
THATS EXACTLY WHO IT IS
DOUBLE DED
I recognize that voice now
He did Piccolo in DBZ
I'm almost sure of it
FLASHBAAAAAAAAAAAAACK
00,10oh yeah he dead
00,10he's flashing back and every thing
Sumica: Flashback does that
Vordox: Scott Mcneil
Why not just bring this battle onto ground... probably would be a lot less casualties... and it wouldn't make them trillions of dollars in debt just for an overelaborate fireworks show.
Spectrum_Rush: Doesn't say much :D
<.<
Vordox: well I could do the work fo rya but I'm lazy :P
Inb4 Triple dead :D
Well...
enope I was wrong
LOOOCCCKKK OOOON
Scott McNeil
That inb4 was true... feck
Whoever that is
artificial orbital rings
If he screamed louder, the guy might have lived
Vordox: chief thunderhooves
Sumica: he did Hohenheim though
ded
Spectrum_Rush: Noclue =<
11,02Guess what :D
ALMOST AS BAD AS NAVI
NewSuperBronyU: yash?
AND RATTRAP!
HE IS RATTRAP!
11,02Bayonetta is now technically a property of Nintendo...
CRY SUM MOAR!!!
NewSuperBronyU: :D
NewSuperBronyU: yay?
NewSuperBronyU: seems legit
o.o
NewSuperBronyU: Eyup
11,02You know what that means? :3
death scene while monolouging in a regretful manner ... TRIPLE DRINK
ya just dont want to make this easy do ya Vordox :P http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scott_McNeil
AAGHGGHHH
Seriously who is named Lockon?
super smash bros?
NewSuperBronyU: oh, so thats why bayonetta 2 is a wii u exclusive
00,10and then there was 3
i laugh at their tears...
11,02Buytoast: Yup :3
NewSuperBronyU: Nintendo is now MLG?
00,10otakon, it's a code name
11,02Bayonetta might be in Smash Bros \:3/
Well... this is pretty melodramatic
11,02Sumica :D
Hooray!
MLG? Braindead here
Dr_Fumbles: no shit
00,10Hai NewSuperBronyU
11,02I'm making soup O3O
NewSuperBronyU: I want soup
SOOP
i thougt it mean it was going to get milked like mario
New Super Ultra Bayonetta World 5
NewSuperBronyU: What kind of soup?
chicken noodle soup? :3
otakon: THis is a unusual genre. After all, every sayain in DBZ is named in one way or another for food.
but bayonetta on smash seems cool
Buytoast: I can see that
11,02Ramen and Udon noodles \:3/
Kencolt: this I ddi not know
THERE WE GO Spectrum_Rush ! Powerpuff Girls Z - Fuzzy Lumpkins, Emo Hendrix, various
NewSuperBronyU: I want
Nice. :O
I had Vegetarian Vegetable soup for breakfast. I'm fairly sure it was made by the redundancy depattment of redundancy.
we should watch something else
yummie NewSuperBronyU
tilting at windmills indeed
the saiyajins are3 named after vegetables
richfiles: "Vegetarian Vegetable Soup." :D
yes
Equastrian Time! <3
Next time, on One Life to Live
Vordox: point being hes been in alot
:o
richfiles: vegetarian vegetable soup?
Well... ewvery one BUT GOku-- and his original Sayan name isKakarott (carott), so...
Spectrum_Rush: Yes, that's why it's familiar.
Sumica: any chance we can get some G Fighter Gundam one day?
/me slowly pulls out some glowsticks and drops them in the chat
this song, i like it
00,10someday perhaps
/me takes a glowstick and dances
brb
need a drink brb
my kitten is hugging my arm and using my right hand as a pillow i am typing with one hand atm
/me hands RaveBrony the glowstick back
i approov of dis
:D
SHOW US ALL
:P Awwww
btw, anybody watch Warehouse 13? I need something to watch, but wasn't sure if it was good.
bardock raditz nappa kakarotto brolli turles
DJ_POn-3|PeachStreak: could you put in th description the pony code for generating the pony? I want to double check it when I'm done
Whats the name of this song?
TheZauroman: Equestria TIme
again
Sumica: whats your opinion on Gundam Seed?
lol
LOL
oh... god
YES
:D
weeping_pegasi82: i will PM you for it ok
This is amazing :D
DO THE MONKEY WITH ME
MONEY -->SCREEN
00,10it's a gundam soap opra Spectrum_Rush
I wonder how many MLP videos there are out there?
oh lookie
tru dat sumi
it's GITS SAC
GITS?
GITS!
?
Yay
yeah GITS
we done with gundam?
dat WOAH
00,10every person in seed is trying to out emo the last one
NewSuperBronyU: You queued up next?
01,04o-o
doctor_whooves127: for now, nearly at the end of season 1
hiya NewSuperBronyU ...why red?
Honestly I hope we're done wih gundam for awhile
01,04kitteh
ok cool
dat red NewSuperBronyU
AJIsAwesome: what have you done
NewSuperBronyU: um.....where?
Sumica: Speaking about seed, heard of Appleseed? :D
Can't we have anime that has... you know, FUCKING REALISTIC PEOPLE? Sorry, I'll stop now...
NewSuperBronyU: So what are you planning on playing?
00,10yep
00,10have em all
dang
Soooo Sumica did you check sword art online ? cuase it's good
NewSuperBronyU Red is harder to read
Dr_Fumbles: actually besides the 20 minutes into the future setting GITS has realistic characters
00,10realistic........anime
XD
00,10lolwut
pfffffff
If that's possible
XD
NewSuperBronyU: dat color
Sumica: Like Redline? XD
Sumica: I love you
Sumi I ran out of drinks :(
Sumica: show Redline eh?
for Dr_Fumbles
THINK TANK!
dat WOAH
OH SHIT!
So tired. 32 hours up (moving and hauling rocks) 2 hr sleep, cat inturrupted nap, 1 hour sleep, 4 hours up, 5 hours sleep and I'm now on 21 hours awake, after a second bout of moving stuff... I should REALLY go to bed soon. Even Luna would tell me to sleep through her night at this point! :P :$
mica
richfiles: get some sleep
00,10nanomachines
WATCH OUT GUISE! THEY GOTS A THINK TANK
richfiles: GO TO BED. :D
00,10foxdye
I saw a nanobot
I SAW A NANOBOT
Holy crap! It is now officially my Birthday!!! *does Discord shuffle*
red leader, red leader
richfiles been like that before, sya hello to the leprechauns, people tell me they are hullucinated, but then how else could i fly?
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY Dr_Fumbles
One does not simply SEE a nanobot
/me sees a nanobot
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, Dr_Fumbles! :)
/me is a nanobot :3
happy birthday Dr_Fumbles :)
Because, you know, they're NANObots
happy b day Dr_Fumbles
/me gives Dr_Fumbles a Derpy cake
richfiles: get some sleep man and take care
happy birthday Dr_Fumbles
Thank you everypony.
/me gives Dr_Fumbles a nanobot
Nice dodge
00,10happybirthday
Dester.... Pft. Leprachans, shmeprachans. I dream of Luna! :$
it replicates and make grey goo
and then heart attack
TANK MISSILE
/me AJIsAwesome Noms cake
LAwl
I dream of geni
ambolism
lol, I meant me'
lol
happy birthday Dr_Fumbles :)
REMOTE CONTROL CHOPPER PLEASE
"What is wrong, your heartbeat has stopped." XD HAHAHAHA
"your heartbeat has stopped. What's wrong?" DO THE MATH.
00,10well they are just operater ai's Vordox
LAWL Kencolt :D Same reaction
Kencolt: only A.I.'s NOT that smart
LOVE OVERLOAD!!!! Too much happy!!!!
Random NPC has died. DRINK!
I just drank
00,10jigawutchis?
I was honestly expecting her to say "are you alright" after that.
Random NPC has died... Sumi's OC does a jig! :D
Sumica: Science stuff eh D:
Jigga wha?
again.
wat
jigabotchi
1.21 jigawhat?/
ok programers, take notes here. Make sure that when someone dies, the AI realizes it
1.21 JIGGAWAT!
Yes... I'm finally 21. You know where I'll be
EINSTEIN
otakon Doc, is that you?
its actually *gigawatt :P
00,10in your bunk trouser snake?
twilight_sprinkles yeah but
Rex_Ivan: the cyber brain it's hooked up to is still function despite the body being dead
In 1985... Giga was not in the common vernacular. LOL
doc emmit smith says jiggawatt not giggawat
Did somebody just say Trouser Snake?
eh
Dr_Fumbles: The libary? :D
I WAS RIGHT!
Scott McNeil DID do Piccolo
Otakon: this is why the cyberbrain needs to be able to sense body death
00,10do you prefer dr killshot?
pickle-o
TheZauroman: HOW DID YOU KNOW!?
Time for bed
Well. Good night everypony! :)
bye richfiles
good night richfiles
night rich
NIght, richfiles :)
Night richfiles
night richfiles
Night richfiles
alonsy everypony! :)
00,10hey Shizuka the man with the face is comeing soon
See you all later
Sumica: Seriously, you are the greatest thing in existence.
Alonsy! :P
13squishy face <3
wakawakawakayama
Sumica with good broadband is the best thing! :)
SUmica: which face?
00,10you will see
Thou shalt see, verily!
cya
What's his name again, gonad or something?
SUmica: oh wait ... I have seen a few of these episodes ... do you mean ... OH GAWD!
I'll give this show credit, it is surprisingly well animated for an anime, at least compared to the cardboard counterparts.
00,10goda
the stoires and concept in the shoe are more than enough to overcome the simple charachters
00,10behold
I knew it began with "g" and that he was a hop skip adn a jump away from a total dick! :D
stories*
Dr_fumbles: you mean they actually have a production budget that makes it look good
13sorry i woke up on my stove this morning
Sumica: OH GAWD!
13and yesterday morning
13and the day before that...
13aaand the day before that...
Shizuka thats so mean, i love it, you so funny
lol
It looks like he headbutted a cheese grater
00,10he stuck his head out the window of a fast moving car and it just stuck that way
Well, guess I'll be going to sleep. Pretty cool to have BMN on my Birthday, so I'll be there.
night Dr_Fumbles see you later
do i hear...kazoos?
UGLY MOTHER FUCKER!!!!!
13please keep your arms and legs... and face... inside the vehicle
nigth dr. fummblsw
seriously in the age of Cybernetics
WHY DOESN'T HE GET THAT FIXED?
night Dr_Fumbles
00,10how dose no one ever react to his face
he had a dissagreement with the taffy puller
Sumica: they know him already?
dat kazu
Seeya Fumbles
Sumica: everyone is secretly a robot
I wonder what nickname he got?
So what are the choppers doing?
Yeah. Even in our time those .. wrinkles.. can be fixed.
TachKomas <3
otakon because when a person changes there appearnece in such away in GITS it changes the person a lot
night Dr fumbles and Happy birthday
Dester: not the Major
otakon she is an exception because she grew up changing body to body
true
A.I. on strike
she didn't develop a typical mind and personal concept
Good lord
so
Wasps vs. Spiders?
uppitty Tanks
seems legit
geez
otakon: monarchs win
adorable
Those tanks just made me want to watch this show.
11,02I went to the doctor today about hearing issues O~O
13what
dawnmew: yeah the Tachikoma's are the funny ones.
SuperBrony64: orly
SuperBrony64: what?
he parked on the side walk
SuperBrony64: D: and how did it go?
00,10tachikomas get a much biger part in this show then the first one
SuperBrony64: what's the verdict?
11,02They looked in my ear and found something...
11,02Want to see what they found? o.o
SuperBrony64: are you deaf?
SuperBrony64: what man spit it out!
was it a spider
.........allofmynope
i sense SB shenanigans..
D: what is it
I KNOW WHAT SCOMING
11,02http://goo.gl/f0ipH
??
is it an eraser?
Buytoast that story was so gross
SuperBrony64: Ugh...do we really want to click that?
hah
military ai, on strike
knew it :S
the programer of the tank AI was a fan of Lucky Star
SuperBrony64: lol
seems legit
Gouda?
it is an eraser
SuperBrony64 lol
Like the cheese?
Im doing everthing but clicking on that link, gg.
I've heard some other dubs of this(except original) - weren't tachikomas supposed to have the same voice?
SuperBrony64: HAha..
uhhh
man, his face looks like shrink wrap was grafted on him instead of skin
SuperBrony64: :D
TheZauroman: just click it
i'm gonna guess earwax
stomach ache tachikomas
Hey YO wuts up everypony:)
>.>
00,10his head is shaped kinda like .....well you know
Sumica: a dick?
hiya scout19_tf2 you're on late..early.. I don't know
Sumica: I thought an egg myself
11,02Doctor said it was contagious O~O
me to otakon
yay
00,10but it has a seam otakon
its 1 in the morn here otakon
Sumica: ....goddammit
otakon: I actually did too, was just going on what sumica was suggesting
MUST.UN.SEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
and unsaw
for once
whos streaming
oh i thought it was this http://tinyurl.com/95crfne in you r ear SuperBrony64
00,10till the next time you see him with a beeny on
SuperBrony64 , contagios in ear... hmm... infection
Is this Stand Alone Complex?
Spectrum_Rush: I'm sorry holy shit what?
Kinixys|AFKish: eeyup
mother dancing spiders
i hate spiders
Were those things casting shadows while they were invisible? First of all, design flaw, second of all, /deliberate design flaw because that's not how light works/.
11,02Spectrum_Rush: The heck is that? o.o
00,10spider tank spider tank
it's a ear spider
13does whatever a spider tank does
I KNEW IT!
11,02y u link dat? ;^;
otakon: SuperBrony64 exactly what it says in the url
THEY ARE WASPS
tachibot, tachibot, he can do what any..spider..can?
Shizuka HOW DID I MISS THAT
SuperBrony64: because he want us nightmare
11,02Spectrum_Rush: 95crfne...should have seen it coming
SuperBrony64: cause i'm ebil >:3
#rainbowdash
:S
CYBER EYE GO!
<.<
ouchies
:(
11,02Spectrum_Rush: i don't liek u no more ;^;
DAMN
yeh, you can hold back a chopper
oh no:'(
well dayum
WOAH
Dester: well she is 97% mechanical
13i think she can hold a chopper
boom headshot
Shizuka: seems legit
dat one-in-a-million shot
00,10she is crazy strong
I'm surprised she didn't bust a arm like in the movie
otakon yeah but... man.. its still a chopper
00,10man what a dick
at least from today's perpective
true
Sumica: >.>
Sumica: GODDAMMIT
#rainbowdash
BLEACH!
I NEED BRAIN BLEACH!
I dont know if I can do that at all or not
it was a homing rock
but SuperBrony64 how can you not like me with a face like this http://i.imgur.com/Nv7oC.png :<
11,02You want me to open that link?
hmm let's see nanobot?
yeah conspiracy
SuperBrony64: just click it
its a weird blue horse thing.
its just a pomy pic superbrony64
porny
dem pomy's
Dester: pomy imdeed
fwah
lol
11,02If I click it and it's spiders, I'm leaving forever.
/me ya link on epic of a cute spider in someones ear and then noone trusts you anymore
SuperBrony64: no don't do that
*one
dammit
twilight_sprinkles: That sounds wrong on so many levels
SuperBrony64: nuuu dont leave ;_;
dem credits
getting sleepy
its not spiders
but not wanna sleep
11,02If it's not spiders...then there's nothing to worry about
00,10so you all excited for marathon tomorrow.
/me Scouts Honor
msut up for stram
will there be another episode
?
Sumica: what marathon
Sumica: that one on hub?
00,10it could be the day they anounce when s3 starts
Sumica: marathon?
00,10yep
dont have hub
mare-a-thon?
Sumica: Will you be streaming it?
Sumica: i thought theres like 20 more days til they announce
00,10Dester, i do
I don't have the Hub either
jelouse
00,10and yes I will be streaming it
i dont have a tv..
YES!
YAY
AWESOMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
ENERGY RESTORED!
eh, too early for me anyway
00,10twilight_sprinkles, they said in the next 30 days
I am no longer sleepy
WHEN DOES ahem When does it start? Sumica?
Sumica: oh, i thought in 30 days
SuperBrony64: pwease cwick teh wink
/me puppy eyes
still too early, im not gettig up at 9 am for it
Sumica: When will you be streaming again?
TANKS!
Metro Tachikoma Meyer
um
dat cannon
TANKS MUST BE TANKS!
is she getting a boner?
11,02Spectrum_Rush: Nope, you're on my list of people I don't click links for.
love these guys
Ars Gratia Robotics
oh my god
00,106am pst 9am est
Roboner.
O_o
otakon: yes
oh my!
O_O
wah?
Dat barrel!
THE HELL?
hah
OH .... ooooh dat barrel
lol
/me stabs the stream with a fork
okay seriously the Tachikoma bits are insane
awwwwwww hell yes
/me is stabbed with a fork
SuperBrony64: =( but, but its just me, no spiders :'(
:D
lol
OH GAWD!
yeah THAT is not creepy
gonna do that in my library elevator
the horror
cowvarkian: damn, i was aiming for the stream..
13HEY RIFF
rocky horror
awwwww yeeeea
13SHOW US YOUR MOTHER
oh no9es
oh and time warp
Dester: make sure to record it
11,02Spectrum_Rush: Nope, I only click on links from people I consider as friends.
inb4 time warp
Shizuka: you REALLY like RHPS huh?
you got it
13i am the only one here that ever remembers the riffs :<
13is lonely..
LETS DO THE TIME WARP AGAIN
Shizuka: >.>
i so LOVE this song
SuperBrony64: tomorrow we'll talk about the cards k? too sleepy atm
i'm guessing you're quoting a riff of rocky mountain horror picture show
Shizuka: Oh, I remember them. But I also found them, well.. silly.
i've never seen that movie fully
SuperBrony64: how can you say that to your name and Birthday month brother :'(
Shizuka: i like the riffs ^_^
/me runs off crying
Buytoast: it's the riff that's "Official"
WE NEED Rocky Horrorn Picture Show!
^
Dester: was shown
aww
00,10was around a year ago last we had it
00,10so you can pick it again
hurrah
Halloweennnnn
Pinkie fits that voice so well
Sumica: really?
00,10yep
a year ago? no way
the cutoff for movies is 6 months isnt it?
13we showed it during mod pick week..
00,10the back log should say what day it was
i was here for it
LET'S DO THE TIME WARP AGAIN!
13nopony remembers..
i remember being here for it, i havent been here a year
Shizuka: I do just not when it happened...:(
00,10still love this opening
eh
I love the multiple language opening
and RUssian is SEXY !
I like the first one better
<.<
just checked it was show 2011 sep 9
eeyup
russian curses have amazing variety
by the way http://i.imgur.com/Su1Cb.png
we watch ALOT of anime on here
one word can be a noun, a verb, an adjective, an adverb, etc.
makes me want to jump a chumky chick against a bar ... in the most lewd way possible
*one curse word
00,10dat corpse
<.<
ded
holy shit
Twilgiht_sprinkles: well the word "fuck" can be that too ... but that word can be ANYTHING reallly
00,10he was a toyota
not as bad as something one of my friends linked me once....ughh *shivers*
...wat
he ... he WAS a toyota ...
whoa
was he a robot to?
T(oyota)800
\his face is half metal
00,10cyborg
yeah cyborg
Rex_Ivan: yeah, bt thats probably the only word
00,10lead coated braincase
hundaimazda=mazdai
13it's indy!
Sumica: seems safe
I have a question
00,10well when it's your only organic bit left
00,10yeah otakon?
they need to use refrigerators for brain cases, they'll live forever
13>2030
Sumica: nvm don't worry about it
SMOKING PLease!!!
13>get to choose between smoking and non smoking
13you can't even do that now
hah, film
Shizuka: it's the FUTURE!
13THEY'RE SO MUCH MORE ADVANCED THAN WE ARE!:D
smoking section OF THE FUTURE
duh its anime
I want to smoke in a resturant:[
old meanie
00,10set your self on fire then Brony_with_Mojo
The Japanese Miracle?
lead and glass would be good radiation deturrent
Sumica: hah
lol
lol Sumica
Dester: yes it would
00,10otakon, nanomachines that scrub radiation
Sumica: ah
13togusa's casual mode~
i cant smoke anyone and i dont want to
mini wall-es
t*anway
tgod im horrible at spelling *anyway
Brony_with_Mojo: you can't set anyone on fire?
apparently you can just ealk on the street in japan
00,10.01 rads
And that was the Old Tokio, i presume?
that tachikoma
Why doesn't he want to ride in the pod?
u can ride my pod...if u want to...
00,10yeah that is the bombed out remanes of old tokyo
so this guy hates the spider robots, right?
HOW IS THAT BUILDING STILL STANDING
Sumica: fun
Buytoast: apparentlhy he doesn't like the Tachikoma's
Shizuka: "casual mode" is easy in that time. you just start the program for it
no, he's just uncomfprtable around them it seems
Ryunosuke: dark magic
Okay WHY is she fre...nvm I know why.
going crazy:[
"Ooh, what's THAT button for?"
SHIFTY
SHIFTY SHIFTY SHIFTY!
yes, I am he
00,10dat face
DUN DUN DUN
mr melty face?
face like THIS
He died and was ripped to shreds. Why do you ask?
BULLSHIT
seems legit
IT'S A TRAP
^
ITS A TARP
wow ... those vegrants seem VERY helpful
no der
damn that's a big guy
IT'S A TRAPEZOID
and now, ded
string?
ITS A TRAPEZE
rape..
its the triads:O
I'm not gonna say it
how do you not see that comming
But I'mma think it
00,10nice power glove
ooof
13it's so bad
its so....bad
EMP glove
THAT was awesome
00,10tougusa paunch
well that was anti-climatic
now he has her all to himmself
i want that glove
Dester: >.>
lol
00,10just make sure you take it off before you use the restroom
Die all anti-bronies!:[
Sumica: >,>
they make electrified brass knuckles
Brony_with_Mojo: ponies are gaaay
Brony_with_Mojo: no no no that's not what we do
:$
Oh my!
twilight_sprinkles: totally
FINALLY FANSERVICE!
Brony_with_Mojo: That's not how we do that.
not much but it was some
00,10and then sexy time
und dan sax
secshy secshy
bow chicka wow ow
indeed, thats not how we do it. instead of wishing them death, we go and do it ourselves, liek proper bronies
one ring to rule them all
twilight_sprinkles: o u
twilight_sprinkles: no we say sorry you feel that way, give them a hug and move on
twilight_sprinkles: :I
otakon: does the hug involve a concealed knife?:3
00,10you must be able to bench press a bigrig to be able to leave the slums
hug it out bro
^
13togusa, you're married, why do you keep finding the single ladies to hang out with
twilight_sprinkles: no
twilight_sprinkles: I'd agree with that
Shizuka: bc he's lucky...or unlucky depending on your POV
Shizuka ALL THE SINGLE LADIES
twilight_sprinkles: Of course we give some of them a chance by sending them to re-education camps.
twilight_sprinkles: What about poison dipped needles? >:3
Looks like he did pit a ting on it
ring*
00,10I thought women could sence a maried man and they want what they cant have.
AJIsAwesome: nah those only have a chance to instantly kill
lol
AJIsAwesome: oh thats nice, maybe even coated in a hallucenogenic poison that makes them see ponies before death
otakon: I know, just kidding. :D
the flophouse district
twilight_sprinkles: sounds good
:D
goddamn THAT is a low end tablet
00,10new body, seems legit
hooch kon
lower than iconia
Uchikone huh?
hey. just get a totally NEW BODY
Send this email to 200 friends and win a free body!
Want a new body? Just complete this online survey!
00,10a brand new body, if the price is right!
CUE GAME SHOW MUSIC
Dammit I can't do it
00,10he sounds like the laughing man
I'm dozing off
i know that voice
otakon: slap yourself
otakon: Make sure you're here for the pony marathon. :)
night all take care I'm gonna go before I fall asleep at my keyboard
good night otakun
Aaalways a catch...
00,10but the twist otakon, the twist
thanks for the stream Sumica
Night, otakon :)
good nite otakon
Sumica: dammit what twist?
00,10night otakon
nighty night
g'night otakon
Derek Stephen Prince
fine I'll stay for the twist
yay
so he died
nite otakon
film?
oh wait you said you would stay lol
night otakon
Radiation Sensitive Film. Ah, that explains the Proof.
dem flashbacks
eeyup
11,02Night otakon :)
well film is by nature sensitive to radiation, like sunlight or nuclear radiation
wut country are they in at da moment
they are in old tokyo
Japan
i believe
13too bad this track isn't on the OSTs
dat music
they ran out of budget, so they jsut did claps
00,10500 rads
a nuclear ractor
its made of radiation
*reactor
00,10a secret reactor
Or a forgotten one.
Dester: made of radiation? im afraid thats not possible :P
it must have been the tusamis dat destroyed da city den in the future
00,10she forgot to hit spacebar
13she jumps as well as black mesa gordon
it was a joke, i know well that it is not possible
Dester: ok sowwe :P
so-kay
damn those bottomless pits, i've had enough of them after Black Mesa.
Shizuka: its all a joke. it;s all a dream
youre all a dream. in fact im going wake up soon and its still friday morning
00,10woooooooops
Tachkoma to the rescue
just in time
twilght_sprinkles and the move living in oblivion does notn exist right?
Shizuka: Oh right, and crotch-jumping: i'm sick of it too
00,10secret reactor
00,10hidden inside a skyrise
Dester: yep
13cause
13every building has a smokestack like that
13people must be too scared of the 0.1 rad to take a look :3
00,10clearly it's just the AC condencers
why so serious?..
So, um, question for those that understand the lore here... it apparently works, but who thought it was a good idea to give tanks the intelligence of basically children?
they are FAR smarter than children, those are just personality types
to ACT naive
Cupcakes
00,10the kid that helped them find the reactor is dead
they are far from it
00,10that was what the paper said
they just gave them voices of children to make them adorable :3
13and so is she
So they aren't actually prone to, say, making a mistake that would cause them to attack based on naivety? This is just presentation factor to make tanks on the street less threatening?
13togusa is a walking death trap
yes
thelonepony: Same thing with Portal turrets
on the nose
Gotcha. That's actually pretty smart.
13the guy from the sunflower society, now these two
00,10the men in black
ture SirGanjalf :3
yeah, no frankenstien complex
Yo
true*
TOgusa'a like The Doctor. he's not looking for trouble, but trouble finds him.
13i love they have a credit for the individual eleven logo
13cause an infinity is so hard to draw
Shizuka draw a circle and shade it in, bam you drew infinitly many lines
rawr?
MTM
Tachkoma time :3
RAWR
IN THIS CORNER!
Poor Tachikoma's
oh hell AI rape scene
K.O.?
oh God no
dem pokemen
DAT POKEMON
okay now I'm going to bed
PONYMON
bye all see you later Sumica thanks for the stream
00,10take care otakon
bai otakon , dream of wat movie is dis
bye otakon
PONYMON!
nite otakon
cya otakon
old pokemon
night otakon :)
poketwatches are cool , see angle knows
jesus dash?
11,02otakon :D
If you knew who sang this, you would be surprised beond believe
11,02Guess what before you go :3
i suspect hes gona already
*gone
11,02Awww :(
11,02Was going to talk about his favorite game, Skylanders Giants.
00,10kick em and see if he's gone
so NewSuperBronyU tomorrow we'll talk about the cards, k?
NewSuperBronyU: :D
:F
:D*
11,02twilight_sprinkles: We can talk about it now O~O
11,02Or would tomorrow be better? o.o
NewSuperBronyU: He doesn't like Skylanders because it's different from the regular Spyro formula?
NewSuperBronyU: naw, i mso sleeeepy 6_9
IT BUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUURNS
:D
11,02Okies :3
11,02Dat otakon
00,10but NewSuperBronyU, it is tomorrow
13the music of my people
lol otakon
SHOO BE DOO
/me bursts into flame
/me glomps Sumica :3
oh god
This song is forever corrupted to me after Meet the Pyro.
WHERE IS THE ORIGINAL VERISON?
oh god:S
11,02otakon: I'm going to collect all the figures \:3/
/me "spychecks" everyone
Sumica: new sign off video?
Spycheck?
NewSuperBronyU: ....your nuts
Disneyland Theme
*catches fire and runs away * AHAHHHHHH
HUDDA HUDDA HUH!
theres no spy here >_>
00,10no Derpy_Hooves
<_<
11,02otakon: What about my nuts? o.o
:O
CURSE YOU RED TEAM
lol
Meet the Pyro lol
tiem for poptart
GO BLUE TEAM
well i think i shall be off to bed, good night guys :)
thelonepony: "Spycheck" is just an eufemism. Some people just want to watch the world burn(e.g. Pyro)
inb4 hnnnng
Night Nocturnal.......wait.
Night, NocturnalBlade :)
*euphemism
:$
night NocturnalBlade
TheZauroman: yea i know, the irony of my name XD
farewel Nocturnalblade
:P
SHOOO BE DOOO
THATS FANCY
SHOO BE DOOO
thanks for the stream Sumica (i have good timing XD)
oi/ thanks for stream Sumica
when does the marathon start tomorroe?
Thanks for the stream, Sumica :)
And the stream end. Oh, well...
YEZ YEZ
thanks for the stream Sumica!
00,10just end of my stream
thankesez
00,10super is seting up shortly
13spycheck is a term for taking advantage of the fact that team fortress 2 has no friendly fire, and attacking your teammates to determine if they're spies
even though I didn't really watch it
Thanks for the stream, Sumica
Thanks for the stream Sumica
00,10you all have a good night
you too\
danke for the stream sumi;)
It was grape.
o.o
I Show Up To... Sea Ponies
MOOOOO
Reap faic
night
the sea ponies SAVED them!
awsome wall papert
the sea ponies saved EVERYPONY!
and that IS a nice wall paper
Well i'm going to sleep, Goodnight everyone
night TheGreatAndPowerfulT
night
well thanks Sumica take care
Luna's Children Of The Night?
and now for sure I am GONE bye all
00,10Yep
Goodnight T...
Yep At Me Sumica...?
Damn it. I've missed it all. How long has it been since Sumi stopped?
13thirty seconds
Good morning everypony
http://derpibooru.org/107375?scope=scpee797e8c7c16183d62da95919900ca5c09c6b09e0
132:11am is technically morning
13the best kind
Seriously? Dang it
k, g'night all
nigh SirGanjalf
G'Night
I've had internet problems all night. I missed all of Movie Night except for Lesson Zero because of it
Movie night over?
hey Shizukanur in the same time zone as me:)
/me looks at clock which says 9:11 am. "I start working soon. Night SirGanjalf"
13central standard time is underground
00,10yeah Laurayne
13you've probably never heard of it
I have CST. :S
00,10so dont forget pony marathon in 6hours
13backspace key is acting up more often now.... i still don't have $90 to replace it .-.
If that's how it's called.
no stream?
00,10well 5h 45min
13should add that to timers sumica
stream ended like a minute ago
stream. why you derp
aww
oh nvm
So.....is movie night over?
Sumica: Cool. I Only Saw One Thing For It So I Dont Know Of It Yet... Is Luna's Children Of The Night Supposed To Be An Episode Or Movie Or Some Such?
Laurayne: Just an animated short.
I See
I missed Digimon didn't I?
does anyone here listen to Madeon?
Digimon...?
00,10it's a short song with all fan animation Laurayne
is there stream/
was Lottery drawn yesterday?
?
scout19_tf2: no
00,10for those that want the image http://derpibooru.org/101038
That Sounds Really Cool Sumica :)
11,02Moo \:3/
Hey everypony
AJIsAwesome: sorry, just wanted to ask.
just chat:(
11,02Hai Serenity :)
00,10lotto is duering euro this week
dat NewSuperBronyU
11,02Dat meh O.O
AJIsAwesome: Canterlock stronger than you thought? :)
I hate it when this happens. Dang internet goes out all night and I miss all the fun
http://cs307704.userapi.com/v307704574/377c/FDaYaeTyVII.jpg
DAAAWWWW
so many cute pictrues! *dies*
Anyone here heard of Snowboard Kids 2?
twilight_sprinkles: Even in Monsters, can MLP awake a heart
11,02twilight_sprinkles: Daaaaaw :3
Derpy<3
Ponies in history...
oh god
http://derpibooru.org/108099?scope=scpee797e8c7c16183d62da95919900ca5c09c6b09e0
i need to link that to scoot-scootaloo
ALRIGHT whos taking stream duty
joseph is best pony
and tell him its scootaloo
but its also commies
he'll explode
11,02Night Shizuschlafen :)
http://pinkie.ponychan.net/chan/files/src/133981763590.png
altho looks more like dashie unfortunately
Night, Shizuschlafen :)
good night Shizuschlafen
Bed time for me. good night everypony! :) and good night Shizuschlafen!
nite Shizuka
DaringDerpy: THAT GUYS GOT THE RIGHT IDEA!
http://cs308816.userapi.com/v308816340/18ee/6PbYzs6BJwA.jpg
sleep well Shizuschlafen
Night, RaveBrony :)
nigth Shizuschlafen
twilight_sprinkles: Lyra IRL.
night RaveBrony
night Shizuschlafen
the horse is not amused
oh shit stream.......... is ded
good night RaveBrony
Wii menu
oh
Night... RaveBrony Shizuschlafen
neva mind:$
NETFLIX
:3
netlfix
Lets watch bad B horror flix!
no mr. game and watch
11,02D:
I know that sound... *tabs back over* BUCK YES I SEE BRAWL IN THERE. YOU KNOW WHAT YOU MUST DO.
super smash bros
Stream is unded O_O
not game and watch
news channel
you guys alwase use him
And with the introduction of NewSuperBronyU's stream I must go. Good night, everypony! Thanks for streaming, Sumica! :)
Nite AJIsAwesome.
Good luck with your stream, NewSuperBronyU :)
night AJIsAwesome
00,10night AJIsAwesome
bai AJIsAwesome
Dream of ponies AJIsAwesome.
night AJIsAwesome
http://cs308125.userapi.com/v308125946/2844/FLTDDkgaeVM.jpg
nite AJIsAwesome
/me hugs Kinixys thelonepony Sumica twilight_sprinkles and taoumi goonight. :)
11,02Night AJIsAwesome :)
11,02Thanks :3
/me counterhugs.
/me also hugs scout19_tf2 and NewSuperBronyU good night. :)
http://cs319930.userapi.com/v319930058/2a10/c_tKv9WWHAg.jpg
dat theme
Kinixys: I'll try ro. :$
/me hugs AJIsAwesome back :D
*to
ok last one http://cs308125.userapi.com/v308125946/2891/YT5Ipfk8VqQ.jpg
I'm gonna check out as well guys and galls, y'all fillies and gentle colts, y'all people who put up with me, you all rock!
Night, Dester :)
night dester
11,02Night Dester :D
bye Dester
everyponys leaving:S
See you guys when the pony marathon starts! :)
it is 3:21am
I got to be up in less than 4 hours. XD
*facehoof*
well time for me to hit the hay as well night everypony and see you at the Pony marathon
cya thelonepony
bye thelonepony
nighty thelonepony
SUCCESSFUL CHISEL
its a football
sb is on fiah
well that fah ended fast
Hi
hai JRP
well with it being just game&watch i'll go read my textbook :/
Beer make brain smart to proper my english
bye lon.. aww
JRP: i can see that o.o
daaaamn sb planned that well
11,02gg :3
gg
Oh you two were fighting? XD
cya #Derpy_Hooves
11,02Kinixys: Fluttershy 'Oh I'm sorry...'
^thats what i was thinking :P
times like this i wish i had consoles
Only the Wii, really. The other two consoles are pretty well outdone by PCs as far as game libraries go.
yeah, id only like this game for multiplayer anyway
Derpy is owning
lol chats ded
:'(
This is what keeps Nintendo in our living rooms despite everything, I think. Horrible hardware specs, gimmicky controls... and the most fun we've ever had with our friends.
i wouldnt know, i only had portable consoles, never had a big console
NewSuperBronyU:
dat comeback
11,02gg :)
shaddup JRP , dotn distract him!
Yeah, that was one hell of a comeback.
gg
But my Internet is crap
NO REALLY, ANNOUNCER? I THOUGHT MR. GAME & WATCH DESERVED THAT WIN.
diferent charicters
dawnmew: i disagree, clearly mr. game & watch was superior
pleese
:/
oh well
I suppose we'll just have to agree to disagree, then.
yey
awww
4-way 15-stock? :P
NewSuperBronyU: we should play doom together
11,02JRP: That would be cool :)
But I'm watching the AFL GRAND FINAL
11,02:O
seaking brawl
OH MAN
NOW IT'S GUNNA BE DOUBLE FAST
who uses sonic XD
Just wait until someone finds a malfunctioning stopwatch.
And a bunny hood.
This reminds me of the "Star wars Tour" ride in Disneyland Paris.
dayum
These guys make a good team.
i want the punchign bag to coem back
:3
NewSuperBronyU: on
Pm*
YOR TWO SLOW
Its 3:36AM and my eyelids hate me, its time for me to go to bed guys, goodnight everyone!
How's Everyone?
waiting
for what?
Apu friend me good
Planetside 2 beta to finish installing
hmm
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
Hh
NewSuperBronyU: u has black ops wii
well im out
wait. her smash is to make recovery items?
nighty Darkts3|Zerg|MLG
11,02JRPHONE: yesh
NewSuperBronyU: I downloaded it now I can play with u
NewSuperBronyU: also look at ur pm
C'MON PEACH STEP IT UP
OR IZ SANIC 2FAST4U
G'night!
Sonic go'd.
OH YES
SANIC ULTRA
Bonk!
Wuuuut NewSuperBronyU stream!
well i gots to go now time to hit the hay bye everypony
Hello Bronystate! :3
hai der
bye scout19_tf2
and hai MadSurge
Is this a Starfox stage?
Song shoule be the give away XP
U HERD HIM
oh yes MadSurge
and how awesome it is lol
2 SLOW
11,02:D
HUMENS WIN
well, at least the computer cant take over in the gaming industry
RED TEAM HAS THE FLAG. Wait.
play as bowser :3
play as pikachu XD
^^
yeah what Richardkion said
awww
Why is there a Wii U channel on your Wii not-U?
Oh, TVii.
all dem ii's
raritii?
twiiliight
flutershiiieiiieiiii
play samba de amingo
XD
piinkii pie
Funny thing about all dem ii's, I knew a foreigner who looked at that word and tried to go "Weye-eye?" :P
xD
:p
weye-eye oughta
:O
play epic mickey :3
play.... a game
or music
music works too
play donkey conga XD
burger time
11,02Time for a party :)
xD
a TEA Party!
awww no donkey conga :c
.... or not
tina's tea pary?
#spike
dawnmew: good thing japanese vowels are pronounced the same in italian :D
hi every1!
That's actually a very good point. :P
Wario! :3
donkey kong :D
walugi
BOWSER, YOU LOOK HORRIBLE :D
we gonna watch that pony thing latter
well planetside two done I hope you all have a great night bai bai
hi everypony
actualy by i have somthing to do
okie bye seatsea
has anypony here seen baman and piderman?
i havent
00,10in b4 Richardkion comes back sad cause SP2 servers are down
anyway imma go to sleep now, bye
xD it's hilarious
nighty twilight_sprinkles
Hi everypony
hallo
11,02Where to? o.o
11,02Night twilight_sprinkles :)
11,02Anypony wanna play? :)
play what
11,02Mario Party 2 :)
Mabey :D
11,02Who wants to be who? o.o
NNOO Mario take peache
11,02You going to be Peach? :)
LOL
i always take Peach
i like her
11,02Then change your name to Peach and be Peach o3o
LOL
oh you
Donkey Kong SMASH
11,02Oh well, if nopony is going to participate, we'll play Mario Party another time
i cant
i wish i could
I would if I still had my wii
i just dont have the time
11,02You don't need your Wii to play though o.o
LoL
oh
Super Mario 3 Mario
11,02So many new ponies ><
how does one play Mario party then
11,02You play by taking on the character in that chat as the CPU plays as you :)
*tries to click the screen* *nothing happens* *oh, right*
lol new ponies
:O
GENIUS
well I will once I finish memorizing something
Bye everypony :(
bye brodashX
11,02Later brodashX!
11,02Nopony online in this game :(
see ya brodashX
Mario: play Rtype~ i want to see some ragequit xD
11,02><
11,02:<
RAGEQUIT INC!!!
lol
11,02:<
this game looks extrememly hard
I'm backin' up, backin' up, b--*ded*
i see NewSuperPony faces go like FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!!!!!!
Yay an old school SB64 stream! :3
Haven't seen one of those in a while :>
its a ragequit stream aswell
xD
11,02D:
lol
RAGEQUIT!!!
NewSuperBronyU... Raging? Impossibru
wtf!?
aww got hit by the wall
Backing up is this guy's downfall every time. Maybe he should just hold right the whole time!
11,02:<
00,10hope he has the strap on his wrist, controlers are costly to replace
xD
D:
oh Sumica
11,02:<
:O
So much backing-up-related death.
Sumica dont tease NewSuperBronyU
I hate the fact that I live right on the street where the fire trucks always drive through
WOOT R-TYPE
00,10Gradius3 was better
This game :|
I hate it in these games when the walls will instantly blow up your spaceship no matter how slowly you graze them, but the enemies are just like "lol wut wall" and pass through them uninjured.
00,10it's a gundam
this is intense
dawnmew: all old school shooters then :D
Invisable walls
Basically, yes. :P
Invisible walls are even worse, although not usually in this genre.
O_O
11,02:<
a maze made out of invisable walls
never finish
They did that once in Pokemon Gold/Silver.
Dat mode 7!
lol
nawww https://fbcdn-sphotos-h-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/420945_486547278031080_1940977323_n.jpg
11,02:<
One of the gym leaders has an invisible floor, and if you stepped outside of it, you fell into a pit. And then somehow fell at the beginning of the maze.
awww
11,02:<
11,02:<
So many :<
Wow mind Fk much http://i.ytimg.com/vi/eUVPzdEz6e0/0.jpg
11,02:<
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU right=
GAMEOVER MAN, GAME OVER!~
^
rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrraaaaaaaaaaaaage QUIT!
11,02><
NETEFLIX!!!
PONY TIME!!!
Yeup
:O
hey everyone :)
11,02Hai Lil_B :)
so, NewSuperBronyU is treaming?
hey Lil_B
Hello Lil_B
hi
Found a creative name yet Lil_B? :$
/me hugs NewSuperBronyU OneTrickPony brodashX and AdamTheDuck
/me hugs Lil_B back :3
/me hugs Lil_B
AdamTheDuck yes and no :(
/me cries because no hug :(
/me hugs Maid_RainBow :D
/me hugs Maid_RainBow :3
Hugs all around
Dat no ._.
/me hugs NewSuperBronyu back and Lil_B
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Nightly Roundup #452
/me hugs Mai
Maid_RainBow*
AdamTheDuck I had some names, but I really didn't liked them afterwards :(
39th time being called a furry :(
/me hugs Hanako
Ah I hate it when that happens Lil_B :D
brodashX you are a furry :P
is that a gibbet in the background... ok already over XD
isnt there a line between brony and furry
:o
11,02That is so not true...
brodashX : not to the pepoel that dont understand us
11,02There is a memory card in there D:
Yeup
yers, infact, a Brony and A Furry are 2 completly different things >.< (doesn't mean though that many furrys are also Bronys XD)
oh shit
is this thousand year door?
ill be off Bye :D
bye brodashX :)
man, i bought this along with pikmin metroid prime 1 and 2 and a shitton of other gamecube games months ago
i should really get around to playing it again
I bought Paper Mario for my N64 after I played it on an Emulator :D it was so good
well i have to go everypony
bye bye
11,02Later Maid_RainBow :)
11,02Wonder what mah name should be o.o
bye Maid_RainBow ;)
Moooooooooo
nnooooo
._. Yay
Once this antivirus scan gets done I have to reboot the computer :(
I'm a D1
SupBronyU
D!*
That was wonderful.
Moo best name ever
damnit :/
Luigi is the best Character of the Game
11,02Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door :D
ah, this music is so nice to hear again
11,02The best Paper Mario game in the series.
I really want a Paper Mario Title for the WiiU, because I would like to see it in HD
11,02IKR :D
maybe I should Buy Super Paper Mario, always looked interresting to mee
11,02It's a good game :)
super paper mario aint too bad
it's pretty nice
which reminds me
i still have to strong arm my brother into rebuying it and twilight princess for me
I just find it funny that I've played only one, but Still have the Soundtrack in lossless files of all 3 XD
I really didn't enjoyed Twilight Princess :(
11,02:(
ello everypony
11,02Hai PeachStreak :)
Lil_B: Midna's fault, right?
"Hello, plumber I've never heard of and is by no means a legendary hero that has defeated foes magnitudes stronger than me before breakfast!"
NewSuperBronyU: my tummy hurts
hey PeachStreak
i wouldn't be so hellbent on forcing him to buy it back for me if it weren't the first game i got for the Wii back when it was new and shit
11,02JRPHONE: I'm sorry :(
MadSurge I didn't Mind Midna
better tha FI
to anypony who new DJ_POn-3 this is my new name
Buytoast: I'm sorry, but actively malicious and trolling is worse than droning and merely annoying
what in the hell are you talking about?
he stole them when i was off at the university to buy black ops for the PS3
Even a scholar didn't recognize Mario by appearances. Why is he NOT iconic in his own world as he is in the REAL world?
it ain't trolling or malicious if the bastard owes me
11,02Also weird how besides him, Luigi, Mario, Wario, and Waluigi, Daisy, and Peach there are no other humans in the Mushroom Kingdom.
one word
japan
^
11,02I think Japan has humans there though...a lot of them...
OH YES PAPER MARIO
but i hear they're not very social in general
at least not in public that is
as far as I know, Mario and Luigi used too live as Plumbers in Brooklyn, when they got sucked into this world though a Pipe
damn that sounded racist didn't it
This is my favourite single player game of all time
11,02And Princess Peach became the princess...how?
Money
11,02:P
Magic
snort snort
HEY THERE YOU SEXY BRONIES
p4ngya our Teacher said once that Japanese people often thing very high of themself in comparison to other countrys, but I never met any japanese people so I can't confirm that :)
no mario!
Hangmario
dat gibbet
suicide isn't the answer!
There are save points, what if that was the quit option
11,02I wonder...
people don't die in this world :P they just hang on the gibbet to prevent them form doing something stupid again :P
if i brang scissors to that world.... i will be unstoppable
Is this on the Wii
11,02Gamecube
yeah or that
11,02But I am playing this on a Wii though
Hat gamecube, but it's played in the Wii
:O I can get this on Wii :O
Or is it just the disc
Hat you can also emulate it for free!!!
11,02You can play the original GCN disc on the Wii if your Wii was made before 2010.
it doesn't work in later Wii Models?
I lost the disc in a house move, along with every game except for Melee
wait, you can't play gamecube games on newer wii models?
if you can't that's horseshit
as long as i can play Wind Waker on wii... im okay
11,02Buytoast: Nope, they discontinued GCN support on them recently in 2010. You can't play GCN games on them nor use GCN Controllers.
horseshit
What about on the Wii U
that's just shameful
i know the wii u can't
Then how can you play SSBB on wii then?
but still
11,02Wii U supports Wii games.
That's terrible
brawl is a wii title
What do I need to play Wii on my computer monitor
i know but wiimotes suck for brawl
man, i'm glad i have a 2006 model
11,02ikr
:( and i was thinking about buying a wii...
that must suck
11,02You can buy a refurbished one, or find one that contains a Wii Remote w/ Wii Motion Plus.
i am genuinely upset now
11,02NOT the one that contains a Wii Remote Plus though
well, at least they still sell gamecubes for about 20 bucks
at least at the store i'm near
Gamestop sells gamecubes for 30$
I liked the Gamecube
11,02Same here :)
it comes with a controller
this music :D
Gamecube was nice
^ yup
especially that one metroid game
the fps one
goddammit frankley
Metroid Prime?
Metroid Prime woop woop.
yeah
I liked 1080 avalanche, you could connect several Gamecubes and race about 14 players at once
Prime was my first metroid game
/me has never played nor heard of 1080 avalanche
got it for about 5 bucks and didn't touch it for months because i thought it was some shitty halo/resident evil knockoff
sorry :$
Double DAsh
^^^^^^YES
i still have a double dash cd
double dash was fun stuff too
yup yup
11,02Before any wiff of this game appeared publically, I imagined what a new Paper Mario game would be...
i should probably pick that up one of these days too
11,02In fact, I tried making it with a game maker I found online ><
Buytoast: Metroid is million times better than Halo! D:
I bought Metroid Prime Triology about 2 years agon, but I can't force myserlf though Prime 2 Echoes -.-
well i'd never heard of it
so i just based it off the price and the picture
i like HALO a little more than metroid
11,02The story I envisioned was collecting seven Crystal Jewels to open a large door that led to a treasure...
Lil_B: it's the hardest one...
11,02Then this game was announced with the same story O-O
NewSuperBronyU: pshhh what
i need proof!
NewSuperBronyU Nintendo hax you
11,02I predicted the story of this game a year or two before this game came out ><
echoes can be fairly annoying because of the damned dark and light word dhinanigans
shinanigans
11,02I have the game file somewhere...
Ok guys, need to reboot. Brb
nintendo hacked NewSuperBronyU and stole his idea. GO SUE THEM!
MadSurge yeah, and the switching between the 2 Sides of the Planet is a Pain. And I have no Idea where to go :/
If I get a HDMI cable to go between Wii and my video card, will it show up on the PC
11,02In fact, your first partner in my game was getting Goombario again :)
hallo everypony
just stand around for about 10-20 minutes then son
if you have the hint thing working it'll tell you where to go
11,02Hat: Wii doesn't support HDMI out.
Oh no
Hat there do exist Adapter though, but it will not end up as 1080p HDMI
lawlmy auntie called me
Thanks Lil_B
o.o
and i played rarity over the phone :D
mornin
11,02Here comes OCD with the Tattle command...
hey Chrysalis )
:)*
Earth Goomba, Unicorn and pegasus
how is everyone this mornin
Just perfect
mario? must be sb stream
11,02Hat: O U
11,02Hai Chrysalis :3
this fight....
is like final fantasy
hai there silly filly
except with mario
Hey yall
11,02i liek silleh /)u(\
well my fellow sexy bronys
i must leave you now
that looks like 2 people butting another in the head
Good bye!
faggets :D
D:
we gonna watch pony marathon
Nope
aww
we are not fags
paper mario?
we're not?
Is the Wii Paper Mario any good
man was i wrong
11,02Hat: It's good :)
Yay
Chrysalis!!!
/me bows to his queen
Panda|Drawing!!!
There's a paperback book on this game
/me hugs Panda|Drawing
I really wanna plug in my N64 agaion >.<
http://derpy.me/1SDxg
Ok, I'm back!
welcome back MadSurge
hey ho MadSurge :)
What movies are there this week?
and coincedentaly, someone just uploaded the Japanese Paper Mario Soundtrack on FFShrine XD
Gombella, you ass, you met Mario in the last game! :/
is this still thew small Sister of Gombario?
the*
/me hugs Lil_B, "so did you ever figure it out?
11,02Thanks for tuning in all :)
YAAAAAY
SB theme~
LALALALALALALALALALALALAAAA
/me salutes. :P
thanks NewSuperBronyU :)
Thanks NewSuperBrony for the stream
11,02Getting tired, sorry for cutting it short ><
Panda|Drawing appearently not D:
its all good
Thanks for the stream NewSuperBronyU :3
Hullooooo
hello BronyDanceParty
WHAT IS THIS
Hey sup BronyDanceParty
Hullo.
brb
SCOOTALOO D:
WDF IS THIS
I love watching your vids dude
._.
LOL
:p
keep up the good work dude
11,02BronyDanceParty: Watch the all caps please :)
Oh sorry/
._.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GUssjpXjBRk .........hello everyone :(
Hullo Flutterchu.
Welcome.
hello flutterchu
:D
:3
Hey BronyDanceParty
Yeah?
I like one of your video awoken its great dude
Yeah I like it too :p
So you said no one leaves the rainboe factory right
test one two three
heya
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Sweetie Belle Plays Minecraft
im safe for another week on the show I signed up for
lol, EqD is late with the Sweetie Belle plays minecraft video
Nice.
Nopony lraves the rainbow factory >;3
that was the actuall voice of sweetie belle (;>
lol.
Why is that?
Because they can't >;3
But they look tired dude
And we'll kill them with our silver sharp thingies.
lol.
The pony that looked like a man version of derpy kicked me off right?
Awoken is a great song.
And who was that pony that looked like almost derpy?
lol.
I don't know his name, I'll just name him Herpy.
>:3
hahahahahaha
<3
be right back playing some tf2
Okeh.
someone insulted me that they hate m camp :(
*my
Thats a nice name dude
So are we going to react to a video or something?
holy hell whats with all the derpy pinging -_-
Because honestly I'm a little confused bout this.
:p
Hullo Derpy :P
Pretty awkward..
derpy advice #36 being a backround pony with diffrent accesories can get you really popular so prepare yourself
e.O
Lol.
remember that time when i havent slept for 13 days straight
flutterchu: no, cause you would be dead by now
Derpy_Hooves: pika pi?
Pika :P
Derpy_Hooves: i wasnt dead but i did have a risk of death
Meaow.
chat ded
ill just post more video's
Sb went sleepies?
ohai BronyDanceParty
then you are brainless for trying to go 2 weeks without sleep
Zing.
proven fact that the human body will shut down if it goes too long without sleep
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=26FJTtLOu2s
dat fake BronyDanceParty
Hes not fake
https://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1348908128895.png
dem faces
XAX http://derpy.me/Pgja2
Derpy_Hooves: WAAAAAAAAAT
ROFL
also Moopy, chances are he was
aww
lil b went to sleep?
Uh no he wasn't Derpy_Hooves
how can you prove that?
How can i prove it?
yush
hey guys
Heh you will see
just hang on a minute
https://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1348906602582.jpg
.-.
is that a shop?
i don't think so.
im waiting Moopy
Aight here you go dude
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KwW9slmrKXo&feature=player_detailpage
Moopy that was uploaded on the 14th
so what big whoop want to talk about it
Awoken PMV is Best Pony
alexxm: XAX legit http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZ02Ifa0nfo
Moopy yeah, if you want a celeb, i can just have ask-the-crusaders stop by
cool
Spectrum_Rush: I see. Furthermore, god Pinkie Pie's wedding dress is cute as hell.
and her mane .-.
hey yo I'm totally the real BronyDanceParty , because no one but me can use this nick
https://boards.4chan.org/mlp/res/4753613 this is the thread with all the screenshots.
naw
its not him
see there is your proof right there
his ip matches Spectrum_rush's ip
* BronyDanceParty (fnuhrelfqb@vjn-22s4nmhb.dyn.optonline.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection) * Spectrum_Rush (fnuhrelfqb@vjn-22s4nmhb.dyn.optonline.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)
it was Spectrum_Rush all along
:3
top 10 most popular fanfic's
GO
i mean 3
cupcakes, bubbles, rainbow facotry
#3 rainbow facotry #2 my little dashie #1 cupcakes
what are you implying Derpy_Hooves
your host matches
Derpy_Hooves: I was making apoint :P
:P
Night everyone!
they all involve rainbow dash
hmmmmm?
that means rainbow dash is best fanfic pony
by Panda|Sleepies
hello
?
am i the only one alive agian
GODAMMIT
TIMMADOG
helooooooo
TheLivingTombstone: how are you doing creator of epic music remixes and videos
oh wait im not having an error
PeachStreak its not him
and its 5 am
i need sleep
ffffffuuuuuuu
derpy_Hooves: goodnight to you and everypony im going to bed to
that scared the sh** out of me
Success!
:O
yay Phase4!
/me hugs taoumi
A PARTYYYYYY
Hey sup phase4
what to do
ohai moobull69
i meen Moopy
Sup dude
lol
not much
cool
not sure what to do
would space but i've got all the craft i need and building them is the entertaining bit
Phase4: you could play abobo's big adventure :3
Phase4 trust me, tis a fun game
distracted by something
so whats going to be streamed
not sure
i need new things to stream
more tf2 it seems
heya
Hey all
slow load is slow
Phase4: do you use dual monitors?
OneTrickPony, nope, laptop
oh
Derpy|Asleep: don't care if your asleep, but my point was justified :P
*you're
well with that i will sucombe to the sleepies. i have to get up in .... 5 hours to go to a momorial :/
nighty everypony
Heh you got mail
taoumi, night
how are things xmasmare and Tiberium126 how are things
alexx, I'm fine. yourself?
i'm good
moving house monday
alexxm, Hope things go well
no you mere
thanks Tiberium126
Holy shit phase4 you had pinkie pie all over your screen dude
Moopy, ikr
any issues with the stream?
Dang dude
nah
lag? audio sync?
what is that soldier doing
i dont think it's a good idea to talk to him while he was playing
probably scrollin the mouse wheel
ao much lag
im back
^ me too :P
Wb LightTrooper
how are you LightTrooper105
welcome back LightTrooper105 :P
LightTrooper105, Hey mate
sup AdamTheDuck
thanks and I has Sandwhich.
i also have my new mlp poster :P
Moopy: y dont you livestream anymore?
is it the map LightTrooper105
Me
yea
sadly no alexxm
I don't do live stream dude
wait...http://www.livestream.com/moopyisbestmoop this isn't you?
ADVERTISING
lol..
let me see
XD
DING
DONG
Buytoast, ikr
BANNU
Buytoast: waht r u doing?
11,02Night all :)
/me licks NewSuperBronyU|Zzz
11,02o////9
night NewSuperBronyU|Zzz
later
11,02o////o*
NewSuperBronyU, night
NewSuperBronyU|Zzz night
Goodnight sweet prince XD
^
Gaben pillow is so creepy :D
/me glomps AdamTheDuck back :D
/me begins to nom NewSuperBronyU|Zzz back
11,02D:
:<
Oh no no no no im not supposed to do that
/me walks over to his bed in the corner of the room to sleep -.-
o-o...
sleep is bad though
Sleep is for the weak
^exactly
Yet you still do it Adam.
I can't beleave it made my own livestream channel and im not supposed to that i will get in trouble for doing that dude
Jmo: http://imageshack.us/a/img837/8772/1348124185833.jpg
oh
nah i see sleep as overrated
AdamTheDuck, I havent slept in 36 hours
XAX... wth
XAX wat.
XAX: what the fuck
Moopy: y would you get in trouble?
Cause im not supposed to do that kind of stuff
oh
o-o
dat elevator
XD
lolol
what is wrog with that elevaor..
XAX: http://denver.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw1739-1319402496.png
Spectrum_Rush: :o
wth o.o
http://blogs.valvesoftware.com/linux/ I WANT IN
:3 DERPY
lol
What's Derpy's rage? :D
Phase4: what is this server?
OneTrickPony, vs ponyville
k thnx
friendship is alltalk
Mare Do Well :D
ima go play abit of Borderland 2
so brb..
Are there any characters that have no models yet? (except Discord)
LightTrooper105: you should gift me borderlands 2
OneTrickPony, XD
OneTrickPony any reason why? XD
cause it' a good game and I have no moniez
OneTrickPony give me 10 good reason then I'll think about it :P
OneTrickPony, Quick think
LightTrooper105: is there a multiplayer?
coop
up to 4 plater
i need to leave now even though i barely talked (that's unusual)
player*
flutterchu, bye
ok doki loki flutterchu
1: we could play together 2: we could be total badasses 3: I have no moniez 4: It's a fucking awesome game 5: I need more guns 6: I need more wubs 7: fuck skags 8: cause you should 9: fuck the antagonist 10: sidequests are fun
ten good reasons
OneTrickPony, XD
hello all
Queen_Chrysalis, G'day
Queen_Chrysalis hallo
see, I'm a quick thinker
hello Queen_Chrysalis
actaully I can give you one o3o
but problem is Im sure your not on my friend list xD
really!???!?!?!??!
LightTrooper105: what's ur name on steam?
for those who knows me I tend to give free game..
Quick question. Is the MLP marathon on the Hub that starts in a few hours going to be streamed here?
take a guess :P
that was fast o3o
LightTrooper105: k I friended you
that doesnt mean I will just give it to you
LightTrooper105, LightTrooper105, Im jealous
why?
holy crap 382 games!
I want it 2
Huh, someone else that has a decent amount of games.
shhhh o3o
yes, why?
im a hardcore gamer
LightTrooper105: I NEEEEDDDDD IT!!!
in time my friend...
if I feel like it :P
LightTrooper105: okay ^_^
and i wont say i have 300+ games.. 25% maybe dlc
/me gives OneTrickPony a watch
oh lol
/me watches the watch
OneTrickPony, In time he said
Tiberium126: I see wat u did there
:)
XD
hmmm..
Phase4: Can you play Awoken in the background? D:
game already has music
oh
i c
Denied.
lol
would be full
lol never mind
connected by console
Phase4: Prophunt later? :D
/me rocking himself in the corner "just three more days
3 more days till?
Oh just the all the best RTS games COME OUT
which is?
another supreme comander?
rofl d3rb
You wish
i do
aww I cant find the tf2 server
Night everypony im off to bed and night phase4 and thanks for the stream dude you rock also man
which RTS Tiberium126
no you ponys COMMAND & COMQUER. all 17 games
later Moopy
night Moopy
ALL 17 GAMES
take care Moopy
^_^
all 17? overkill much?
/me hugs Moopy
Tberium126 uhh where?
Night moopy
aww thanks
aight late
map change
Phase4: accept my friend request
origin..
OneTrickPony, the pedobeare one
i cant spell
yea
lol
yay!
Heya everpony
Hello sonny
hai Sonny
oh, was starting to think I was the only present here O_o
hallo Sonny
heya
oh he's playing tf2 :o
just finished playing that
hi Sonny
i got a 9 building destroy streak with spy :D
anyway just checking how thingq are going around here, asuming everythings going as usual :3
gotta draw, ping if I'm needed
:D this mode is hilarious
GO PHASE
YAAAAAY Phase4 WON
.__. CHRYSALIS, it's not hard to say!
yay I joined
:D
DU NUUUUUUUUUUU
imma go to sleep now see ya guys later
Night OneTrickPony
was i pinged?
I havent slept for 36hours so I think its best if I go to bed. Night all
lol
night Tiberium126
so quiet
Yep
Oh
Hai thar
hey ACS13123
So wait
Is this saxton hale
But with ponies
if by saxton hale you mean tf2 then yes. i have no idea what saxton hale is
chat y u silent
im back
because im in shock
o.o
Chrysalis, why?
at one of the popular fics on fimfiction
i just got back from Borderland 2
which is?
i'm trying to figure out this c++ linked list shit
it hurts
Buytoast, linked lists are easy :P
Buytoast thats the easiest bit
pointer to next element
i missed the class
so i don't know what we're supposed to be doing with it
and these nodes
a linked list is an array that can change size
it works by every element (node) having a reference to the next one in the list
so when you want an item
you start from the beginning and count through following the references
well i mena he gives us a template, i'm just not all that sure on what i'm supposed to fill it with or how
what do you mean
like he gives us teh entire program, but he gutted out the entire list part
so we have to figure out what to fit in there
seems easy enough
"how to outsmart a bullet"
"by saxton hale"
Phase4 have a thick skull
Phase4: that pinkie eyy?
Thats a weird rage...
p=p
O no...
Buytoast, that is an easy task
y u complaining
o.o
Buytoast what level of education are you at?
sophomore in the university
ah 2nd year
lol at Phase..
your only just doing linked lists?
well back to cooking
yeah, linked lists, trees, heaps and other things
were those pikmin?
hey guys
heap is just a large non-continous piece of memory
easiest way to describe a tree is a list with multiple next references
i think alot of the problem is i forgot alot of this shit over summer because i was a complete dumbass
you didnt teach yourself over the summer?
i kept putting it off
So this is basically:
Saxton hale
With ponies
And custom taunts
in other words, i was a complete dumbass
And pinkie screens
Thats fun
yeah,
THese downloads take forever
>_>
so what did you guys vote for in the lottery
i can't remember
i know i did actually vote for the first time in 2 months
i'm not doing so well
ACS13123, ikr
i voted for kung fu hustle and castle of caglistro
Phase4: I've been sitting here for 10 minutes and its only half way through
it is big download
big?
You mean Humongiantic
humongigantic*
Its big...
alexxm: I voted for Man on Fire and the animatrix. These two are the ones I always vote for till they get picked :)
sound like good choices Alchemist
alexxm: the animatrix has tara strong in it for about 30 seconds, of course its good :D
Alchemist: I only am consistent on my B movie, I actually have no idea how to determine if a movie is A worthy because I'm dumb :D
MadSurge whats your b movie
MadSurge: I dont exactly know how to decide either. i either go with how known/popular it is and how it was rated on imdb.
MadSurge i mean A
Chat is rather slow...
I got a few cartoons I'd LOVE to see here, but they're in Italian :D
alexxm: you know Braindead?
i usaully go by it's reviews and wether they're conserded cult movies
MadSurge the one with the zombie baby
MadSurge: if its coherent I dont see why not.
alexxm: yep, the one with the zombie baby :D
Alchemist: you hungarian?
MadSurge: yep.
Alchemist: europe is cool! :D
MadSurge: well, maybe not whole europe but I agree :D
SCOOTALOOOO
Alchemist: yeah, I mean europe as a whole :D
good morning
Heyo ekips!
how are things ekips
Mornign ekips
good, preparing for the Return To Ravnica MTG Prerelease tournament tomorrow :P
next map is awesome map
I need to rejoin
Darn those weird buggy backwards controls thing
manamana
That Derpy still looks wrong :D
FLUTTERSHY :3
into the soup.
Hey Mega_Milk!
Sup.
YAAAYYY :D
Hai everypony
DerpyMuffins: Sup.
Whos streaming?
Phase
love that song
i miss notacleverpony
me too
It looks like phase is trying to mug people
Thats not phase
Whos streaming then?
thats another player. Phase died already. And theres no respawn in arena.
Kinky pie
uhh
k then
Phase4: LOL XD
im back
dat silence o-o..
what craziness is going on in TF2?
DeadpoolDash, ponies
the usual, DeadpoolDash
which server is this?
Vs.Ponyville
Saxtonhale mod
wonder if they can make a practice hale server
full red team of bots/players
Crystaline_Shard: I dont think so.
Mega_Milk: I seen it done for regular hale
I always suck as Saxon Hale, I don't like the controls
Like I said. I dont "think" so. I could be wrong.
love this song
fighitng is magic AJ's stage.
these pony models are way better then the old pony models
Ok gents, I'm going out for a while! See you later!
need to fix twixies cape but yeah
dat range
:/
melee annoys me in TF2 since its range is always longer then you think it is
especially hale range
it veries on item
lol
but yeah
it is a little buggy.
also demo knight
server name?
the ponyville servers
the mod / game mode is vsponyvill
the spy has been doubled
I wonder if the Mane 6 game will be made for Android
Good morning bronies
damn steam updates
how are things DoctoDoctorWho
alexxm: okay, 7:00 is actually sleeping WAY in for me belive it or not.
it's half one where i am
mornin y'all
mornin Dken2021
sup Dken2021
hide and seek
I've recovered my old HDD from a computer that got struck by lighning, and it still works!
lolz
now I just need to buy a cooler for it, and use it as backup and stuff, yay!]
Dken2021: and now its awesome, WITH LIGHTNING!
i won
Your a cow?
u streaming Phase4?
Now I can use steam now
DoctoDoctorWho, yup
nothin on my end, Imma go refresh
SOMEONE ELSE WHO USES SCORCH SHOT!
:D
Oh, I see a Balloonicorn. I have one too. I painted it to look like Lyra.
k, there we go
just gonna leave some pony here http://derpy.me/qXTXQ
just a rogue pickup truck, nothing to see here
ignore the truck it's obviously not a scout
truck is OP
Truck is better then you
To bad it's not Spyper's Camper Van.
LOL Phase4
Needs the Vicious Cycle music.
Good afternoon everyone :)
hah this map is so confusing :P i don't get it :)
Afternoon Brovakiin.
AJIsAwesome|Asleep: wakey wakey
i was a pumkin :)
/me runs through cat screaming
chat*
a fast pumkin
Hm. running through a cat would be rather scarey
Whoa!
Moo
!
He went passed the fence.
It was cool.
Oh prop hunt. ho kay.
That crazy BGM
you know what i would like to run around as? a dispenser. they wouldn't suspect jack!
8 min until MLP marithon on the Hub.
Do we know when next season starts?
Marathon
no not yet
I heard in around 30 days
Rustymeat: Next episode airtime is unknown
I heard october
for certain
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
lol steam spam
noooooo!!
Tom!
really? now i was a freaking cupboard!
i prefer the pumkin
Hah. Yakity Sax music.
this is not very rainbow
phase makes a nice pile of wood
always dresses in style
wtf am I watching
Rustymeat: tf2
watching wood
Ohai Bronystate
Rustymeat: we're plaing props and we're getting hunted...
TF2 Prop Hunt server Mod
if we can findout why phase4's power fixture is a pile of wood I think we would know a lot more about the universe.
XD
the vid...it stopped
^
Stream gone. it maek me cri evertim
Stream...is dead.
/me cans.wav
just join us. it's funnier first hand anyways
peice of shit bufferin stream!
Phase4, thanks for streaming
Now, a several hour MLP marathon on the Hub. In 2 min.
oh
That might be what is going on
don't have the hub
Stream switch.
dat Sumica stream
And we have ponies
sound is lagging
sound is a bit out of sync
00,10then i recomed you refresh
~yay~finished Rainbow dash ^^
clasic pony
wow 1337 timing
hay btw
00,106new advertisment types
OH YEAH! I'M BACK!
hey Evil_Spike
MEEP
meep meep
MEEP STORE
Heh. Mare-a-thon.
XD
lol your name suits what I drew recently ;p
Meep, aka tablets for noobs
Party with the ponies marathon? Does this mean they're replaying season two or something in preparation for season three?
beep beep I'm a meep
dat android keyboard
meep e meep
Thanks sonny
oh I know a friend whos is not gonna be happy about the meep
we had a mareathon in germany a few months ago
Wht kid wants mouthwash?
00,10wonder if we will see an anouncment today
Jake We did?
lol club pnguin
Dat dubstep
yea at nich/cc
Phase4: you should have seen that :) after you left, i got to be the health box. i just placed me where there's normally one, and no one saw me
a FULL day from 8 am to 8 pm
disney!? on hub? waaattt
Sumica, have you heard my theory on this last night?
Logic? What be that?
Eli, i was trying the same with ammo crate but failed misserably
00,10dont think so
Kandarihu, theory?
Ponies?
Phase4 you were a different ammo box than there was on the map
that blew it
seems i have something new to distract me from drawing
ekips, ikr
mare-a-thon. cute.
My theory is that The HUB is going to use the ratings data for this marathon to choose the timeslot for Season 3
Oh god, this is the Trixie episode
math magic!
Phase4: it was soo cool, but then, there was that enginer, he suddnely stoped, and looked at me. i was like "fuck :3"
Hm. I should totally turn this channel on my tv.
Yeah gona do that.
Eli, yeah, i'm not sure the animations are in sync on all clients
i just tryed watching this on tv and it screwed up
trixie time
Trrrrixie!
Phase4: na he just noticed, that there aren't normally any normal healthpoxes in this level. just cakes
in germany there are 2 episodes per week both at 5:45 am
...? Twilight blushed a pale pink? Bit of an odd color.
and no season 2
boxes*
Eli, ah
Jake I usually get ready for work at that time
MOUSTAHCE
me too
but its only saturday and sunday
oh you rainbow
Oh rainbow
BOO!
boo
NEIGH!
I usually sleep at that time on weekends Jake :D
I love how they all ignore that as a SHOW PONY, Trixie must do the whole "I AM AWESOME!" thing.
So unless they're tracking the ratings in real time and have 6 different versions of the Season 3 spot, we won't be seeing a S3 announcement today. But then again, my theory probably doesn't hold water, since S2 ran in the afternoons
shup up and entertain me clown! >:3
I record all the episodes instead of getting up that early
URSAH MAJOR!
NOT THE URSA MAJOR!
Nouuay
ERHMEGERD URSRMAJR
^
Super strong magic = Still doing dime store side shows in random towns. And your fan boys are the d class of ponyville....yeah..
And meanwhile, Celestia is just letting this all go down.
Woah ponies this early in the morning?
whats her buisness model here
ever noticed that trixies eyes are different from all the other mares?
Who voiced Trixie?
equine
i meen thats a lot of fireworks
someone pays for that
LYRA!
and then PinkiePieSwear
YOU
otherwise there wouldn't be a learning effect when Celestia just would solve everything for the ponies
i keep hearing trixie remixes
Oh i liked the sandlot
BALLS!
Phase4: The gun powder. Custom assembly. Quantity. And then theres the whole quality issue. yeah somepony is paying out the whazuu...
Ew, Macca's
Hello, everyone! Watching ponies, I see. :)
Bah!
Yup
8 bit ponies!
So, I heard the mlp doll info card for Trixie has her last name on it.
adventure ponies needs to be an app already
GOLD!
lol
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0837562/ << vampires that dont sparkle
who would believe that?
I love My Little Hub
I hate that they're starting to sell chocolate calenders already :S
Wat?
Trixie Lulamoon or something like that.
AUGMENTED REALITY
Evil_Spike, better october than august
wait i have the card somewhere here
Lulamoon is right I believe.
Kill it
WHAT THE WHAT!
Ugh. Ponies on in the morning and I get NOTHING done
Rapping Care Bears?
carebears + rap = wat
here it is
it says: trixie lulamoon - likes showing off!
Ooh, fancy
apples
And they aren't showing off?
till when does the mare-a-ton run?
Eli: Three hours
I fail to see how thats better than the amount of tail dexterity aj showed....
the german mareathon was longer
RAAAAINNNBOOOOWWWWWSSSS
Wohoo!
Jake: there was a german mareathon?
Jake: The last marathon Hub ran was twice as long
How is that more impressive? :S
Jake: oohhhh the marathon in berlin
yup a few moths ago on nick
DA PUN!
again PinkiePieSwear
Dragonmatte: She can bend Light to make it touch things
Episodes in the first hour: This, followed by Read It and Weep
Hi unicorn noteworthy
Rarity talks about Rarity in third person!
Jake: so a pony marathon? i haven't seen pony streams yet on tv :/
ON!
OOOHHHHHH
OH NO SHE DIDNT
Green
inb4 I liked Carrot Top's green mane
it's green
Eli check Nick the season 1 episodes run sat and sun at 5:45 am
Why I never
Hey!
I like green.....
poor harvest
Green is best color
^^
*^
Yep
Green is not a creative colour
I love green
green is hope
hey Rarity get some red lipstick and you can be the Joker
AdamTheDuck: :(
Dat laundry
Green kinda stands out, i like dat :3
You already have the white face
Was there ever any douybt
Laundry calling? Washing mashines?
The german mare a thon was all day long at 26.5.2012
Butt server
butt served*
inb4 one of the funniest shipping ever/ "D
*:D
00,10what clothing Vikingstill?
By the way, Tara, John DiMaggio, and the other VA guests are doing a read of this ep at Canterlot Gardens. Hearing DiMaggio read for ponies could be hilarous
Jake: i think they change some things when it comes to Nick swiss... sux. they don't stream ponies here
Spike is always the sensible one
well, ponies dont normally wear clothes....
^^
I don't know why but Spike moves strangely in this episode >.>
trixie reminds me of someone that works at a renaissance fair
And I just got back, why are there ponies on BronyState? This is preposterous. :$
So do I snails
Castlevania
Espically if they make him do one of the female characters (Though knowing our luck they may give him Snip or Snails)
dont you get Nick/cc ger in swiss too
AdamTheDuck: What? No ponies here. <_<
heya AJIsAwesome
AdamTheDuck: mare-a-ton on the hub
AdamTheDuck: Hub's running three hours of ponies right now
Hi, Sonny :)
I'm working on a request at the moment
Ah marathon, makes sense now, thanks ;)
I dont buy that theory.
Magic Door? :S
just rd doing sonic rainboom and goku doing a kamehameha
AdamTheDuck: and it just started :) first episode and it goes on for 3 hours
spirit bomb
Does anyone wanna play borderlands 2 with me?
So Twilight can just "conjure" up doors whenever she feels like it? :S
yes
If I killed Sumica in TF2 your damn right id brag. Up untill he got revenge. -lol
Heard a rumor a month or two ago. One of the games on the hub had a image of the Season 3 Big Bad. Is that true?
Well shit
well time to make some screenshots/vectors
pony marathon?
i would love to Rustymeat but I don't have it
awesome
:p
inb4 Destroy Us All spam
AJIsAwesome: Only when for comedic purposes like that bit
OH GOD
Cool Eli, thanks for telling me... Though I don't think I could stay awake for that long :D
anyhow, gonna relax for a bit now
THE HORROR
ciao
getting kills in TF2 isnt really anything to brag about
WHAT THE WAHT
Hi, Chrysalis :)
Bye Son-and gone
I miss the 2d charmin bears
CrimsonPhoenix me too
^
the 3d ones just look odd
Yep
Cha cha cha....chaaarmin
Fibber?
wtf
Dafuq?
^
omfgfgfgomg ads are scary some times
...
Oh Fibber, so that explains the long noses
... wut ?
DerpyMuffins, not all of us
I don't want to know...
wtf
poor dog
moments like this make me happy german tv is different
did you guys see that dog too?
So it's a board game version of Cheat?
/me fibs with all my friends
or am i seeing things again?
Hey CrimsonPhoenix, did you commission a song from Dissonance? If you did I am loving it :$
oh yea, that marathon thingie
Evil_Spike looks like
lying is fun
AdamTheDuck, why yes...yes I did
um no...
Agreed
and I'm glad you like it
knowing that someone is lying is more fun Vikingstill
.studio B is in vancouver
CrimsonPhoenix, /) :3
Info_Searcher: damn. counter argument to everything
ohai its meanwhiles favourite episode
Info_Searcher, more and more of us are wising up.
there's another one coming soon
and most of the VAs are canadian
Also Seth's
woops, forgot the sarcasm.
lying is fun <_<
DESTROY US ALL! DESTROY US ALL! DESTROY US ALL! DESTROY US ALL! DESTROY US ALL! DESTROY US ALL! DESTROY US ALL! DESTROY US ALL!
Oh shit
Snails VA is awesome
cheezit
I would like to point out that Trixies horn is bigger then everyoe elses
trixie eats pinecones
Rustymeat: :d
vanquish it 'eh'
snails is canadian?
Yep
Rustymeat, is it? or does her make make it appear bigger?
Rustymeat: you should know >_><_<
I think so.
oh boy <3
Oh yeah I do
hair*
I love josh's review of this episode
WAT
fun fact: there was a survey to count the bronies. USA is #1 canada #2 and germany is #3
Where was Australia in that ranking?
No I think its just bigger by default
Jake: really??
Oh hey a new villain *prepare villain test*
Yeah. my computer is cute. Blue screens and then it tells me my MBR is corrupt.
Fucking thing
oh boy here we go
So we have a roster for Sony's Brawl clone. And it's....kinda lame.
Zzz
Trixie: Boasting Boasting Boasting Boasting Boasting Boasting Boasting
epic wind
Is Crash in the roster yet?
nope
anyone ever made a remix of the wind?
cows are sentient in this world
Then I won't be buying it
Crash will never be on the roster apparently.
What bothers me the most is when the actual wisdom is flagged as stupidity.
MOO
dontchaknow
twilight just milked MANY sentient creatures...
Wait, first CN and now Sony? UGH.
They've already said he won't be DLC, too.
He'll be the last character they will announce
AJIsAwesome, you forgot Shonen Jump too
SHES GONNA BURNOUT! (Fallout equestria)
So when does twilight go ssj?
She gonna go super nova. :U
CrimsonPhoenix: Well, at least they put effort in to that game. Not like.......not that cartoon network game.......
I also played a Smash Bros type game for Gamecube today with Optimus Prime, Tyson and Bomberman
Er, no, he won't be, Evil_Spike. They've announced the full roster.
I feel dizzy
is applejack a racist
Link?
AJIsAwesome, OH YEAH and Ubisoft
Evil_Spike: OH, I know what game you're talking about.
with that TMNT game
It's set at twenty characters, with future characters all being DLC. And they said Crash wouldn't be DLC, so Crash isn't getting into the game.
HIYA everypony
Ohai Bronysith
Linked in PM.
meh, parrapa the rapper is better than crash
Hi, Bronysith
Super Smash Bros for N64 is best
Bronysith Afternoon
Derpy does not approve
prepare for moustaches....
hey Bronysith
gallop noises
that is best game
It's bigger, purple, and twice as ugly
It's kind of a shit roster, all told. They should have tried to share their earnings with Activision or some of these other third party companies so they could bring in the BIG names.
https://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1348924695703.jpg
J_E_Smith71 Twilights mom?
I seriously do wish that Snips and Snails were punished, though.
XD
Sony, I am dissapoint
dat plot
sony is full of dissapoint
lol@bronyait
wt
fu man chu
Let's consider the gaping flaws in this roster: 1) Cole MacGrath takes up two spots on the roster, instead of being a Zelda/Sheik swapper as he should be. 2) No Spyro. 3) No Crash. 4) No Snake, and he was in fricking Brawl so no excuse there.
is anyone here from california
SO AWESOME! /)^3^(\
Next episode: Read It and Weep
Oh god
Good morning BronyState
Read it and weep it
inb4 Pinkie makes physics her B****
https://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1348922734865.jpg
morning Alien
hello AlienWarhead
With tricks so amazing, they can't be shown on screen
pinkie makes my arm grow
Bronysith linking /mlp/?
Hi, AlienWarhead :)
just as planned
hi Vikingstill d3rb AJIsAwesome
https://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1348773221508.png one night stand with Spitfire? im okay with this
Cypresswolf: They must be obscene tricks, or too awesome and complex they're too lazy to animate them
BRONYSITH WHAT?
That's weird. 4chan won't let me see the images.
oh god
Bronysith, oh you
I'd assume that the tricks were cut out because they end in disaster
J_E_Smith71: much like the Buckaneer Blaze
Wait, nvm.
Bronysith: Granny Smith watches me clop eww
Vinyl Scratch is down for anything I want? O.o
AJIsAwesome: my pc can't read the http script either
Bronysith: Feb 18 FUUU- :|
Carrot Top is down for anything I want
Cypresswolf: iIactually would've liked to see se the buccaneer b,aze.
i dont want to say what i got.....
Im back
welp
*blaze
gotta buy that
d3rb pleaseeeee
FAP CREME
Cypresswolf: he might give good ones though
Welcome back LightTrooper105
Forgottencrow: WHAT? :D
thank you AdamTheDuck
my skin is hexagons
Any here ever play that My Little Pony Friendship is Magic mod for Final Fantasy 6?
;D
https://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1348918643658.jpg
Info_Searcher: FF6 is already a perfect game
:O Koosh is still around?
glow in the dark balls for the win
Koosh Solar Recon?
Furries: now socially acceptable
derp..
Bronysith....
aussie shampoo?
I want to play a game.....
True. Best Final Fantasy I think.
Jake: nope
Does Koosh Co. they still make those rubber fiber balls?
Derp
Has anyone ever thought that the kangarooo is living a normal life, but those women always steal her things?
derp
https://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1348912031964.jpg
at least people dont go crazy when they see brony shirts
shes dead jim
AlienWarhead, D:
I still prefer FF V
Hi
Jake: Depends on the person, IMO.
ponyspider
Wow. That's a quick heal for a bone.
OOH!
Hi, Rainbow_Shock.
Bronysith that shouldn't be allowed
hallo Rainbow_Shock
Also, hi.
FF V is okay. Kind of boring though.
https://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1348910358324.jpg
Spider-Dash
Jake most people don't say anything when I wear them
did i ever say that pinkie pie is best pony. well she is
Hello Rainbow_Shock
SUDDENLY, Nittany_Discord :O
hey there Aniki
i mean Nittany_Discord
I bate cupcakes and pinkie pie
http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/408/959/b2a.png
Hay Rainbow_shock
Reference to both Spiderman and Wolverine
Rarity, the gowns ARE the curtains
i didnt think you guys showed pony eps outside of movie night?
and hello to you Nittany_Discord
https://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1348905997106.jpg
pony sex party
squee
god i love you so much twillight
DAT SQUEEE
00,10saterday eps Flyboy
SQUEE
Flyboy: They show Saturday Hub streams
......!!NEVER WILL I EAT CUPCAKES AGAIN
reading is one of the best things ever
Twilight is best egghead :<
Flyboy today is a marethon
http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/408/812/bca.png
oh my! theres a
oh...
The Squee was perfect for Fluttershy, but for everypony? Eh...
you beat me ther AlienWarhead
Info_Searcher true, but you can fully customize your party into whatever, and most of the spells are useful
Squeeing is for everypone Info_Searcher
Rainbow_Shock: It's a fake, overrated fic. Don't let it get to you.
Im watching the marahon
READING RAINBBBOOOWWW
i FUCKING LOVE BOOKS
pinkie pie tought twilight how to read
pony_2304: *taught
DAT SMUG TWILIGHT
She's a lot like you, including being a recolor
05id say saturday is our most pony filled day
waiting is magic
lol sorry i just woked up
00,10that ball bounce game was hard
05also hi Sumica
Bronysith, Grammar Nazi awaaaaaaay~
I hate who made that
Hi, Wrek :)
00,10hi wrek
hey there Wrek anything yet?
ohai Wrek
And Gilgamesh's theme was pretty much awesome.
Is there roleplays going
05lemme check my mail
Why does a pony hospital have those glasses?
I love the lamp loop on youtube
how are things Wrek
Get it, because the joke's about death?
http://wim.pentastudios.net/index.php?gamepage=play
dat game
No, the punchline is "To show the possum it couldn't be done."
00,10dat never ending story music
wing boner
books are fucking awesome, love a series of unfortunate events
Rainbow's neighbor must be going out of his mind listening to all the noise Rainbow is making
Imchating with Pinkiepie
Oh just saying this, there's a breakdown going on atm by Saberspark
Being careful ofcourse
that book is surprisingly well written
Info_Searcher plus the big bad is a tree, nuff said
05no mail from the psotal office today
CAT!
CAAAATTTT!
so cute. :u
SABER???
/me takes the cat for himself
00,10I just realised she looks like like dash
I remember the Metal Gear Solid 1 parody of the end of this episode on youtube. It was rather well made.
really Sumica ?
Sumica: Seriously, that long? :D
she is just a re-color with clothing
You just realized that Sumica?
DAT REALIZATION
00,10yep totaly >_>
Sumica I have the feeling that was intentional by the authors
I bet the guy in the next bed is like "shut the hell up!"
...troll...
Sumica and it only took you about a few months
i fucking hate that puppy show
It would be nice if there was a Daring Doo costume for Rainbow Dash in Fighting is Magic
nice works good after clop fap trollface
pony_2304: Why? Seems normal to me.
wow beyblade still around
00,10sure there will be a pllet swap Kandarihu
05ooo my new student card came today
Pfff beyblade died so long ago
spinning cutie mark?
Wrek: yay~?
they seem to borning to me
@wrek laminate it!
there will be a pallet swap
I miss the days when beyblade was good. :(
00,10they did make a supprise pinkie
I think they would. Twilight was a reskin to look like her mom. And Pinkie was a reskin to look like Surprise.
has
Kandarihu did you catch their stream? they were showing it off
I would use that Destroyer Dome in ways it was never intended - like insect fights
Looks like we're watching that marathon!
AJIsAwesome First gen was the best, the rest has just been maeh
Sumica, I know there's going to be a pallet swap. I even watched some of the Canterlot Gardens stream.
mehø
pokemon?
Dken2021, yes I did.
https://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1348900298603.jpg
killerpony7733: Agreed.
Swiper NO SWIPING
lol...
/me swipes Cypresswolf wolf
Does Twilight have a G1 skin, and does Dash have a Firefly skin in Fighting is Magic?
AJIsAwesome Remember YU-GI-OH?
Anyone remember the show B-Daman?
all them pictures I've seen before Bronysith
:U you forgot to say it two more times
00,10drive 9000 miles, how boreing
J_E_Smith71 yes and yes
shame you can't see my comments...
YEEEAH BOOOY
ghetto bear
WUT DEWOTT?
what the what
I only ever found loose change at best with those things
9000 miles sounds like a storm chasing season.
celing gators
Wonder how long it took to reset the traps.
00,10just brush off the arrows
I wonder if that hair color is daring doo's original color or the color from age
Anyone play that leaked MLP Fighting is Magic alpha? I've seen gameplay of it. Pinkie can go Pinkamena and take out about 1/3 of her opponet's health in one hit.
As Rainbow begins here inner mologue, in the bed 1 curtain over: (thinking) Why did she stop reading aloud....I want to know what happens next :(
good morning ponyville :O
Look like darts.
Hi, I_Luv_Pinkie_Pie :)
Cypresswolf, good observation there
lol battleship
Are you trying to seduce us with pose Dash?
Info_Searcher, I have
:P Durr Hurr :3
We brought your favorite board game, "The Game."
MY CUMULE
all right back to ponies
That battleship game ought to be a pain in the neck to play seriously
hasbro made that game
AJIsAwesome: But I always lose the game :c
kind of surprised they havent actually made a MLP themed version of battleship yet
or drawing?
dammit, cumulus*
DAT HORSE SFX
Info_Searcher I've youtube video of it her level 3 is like Shuma Gorath's level 3
Hasbro made everything
That poor pony next curtain never gets any vistors :(
^
*visitors
daring do
00,10da hell
Cloud-9 is so obivous no one puts their pieces there
you stung my bumblebee EPIC
WTF
lol pause
:D
dat no hair
bald
XD
BALD
lawl
BALD
wat
The Pinkamena version of Surprise looks a little creepy.
BALD
:[ BAAALDDD
;a;
lol what the fuck
why am I so bald
wtf
MY EYYYEEESSSS
MY EYES
MY EYES!!!!!
REALLY REALLY BALD
loool
THIS PONY IS VERY VERY BAAAALD!
animation error
cancer
that pony is very very bald
00,10cable glitch
SHINEY HEAD
Sumica, best cable glitch
lol
perfect glitch
best pony now
Cable glitch at a convenient time.
super epic glitch timihg
who preformed unscationed shaving on rainbowdash head
yeah, sure, "cable glitch"
maybe if im lucky my game wont crash anymore Sumica and i wont have to sacrifice your shins to the elven gods of cheesecake
Sumica Oh course it is>_>
its the pony version of mr. clean :O
It's just like an epic buffer moment, except without the buffer circle
00,10I am not that good ekips
00,10and i dont mess with pony eps
