Caramel: Well, it's interesting about severalt hings
twilight-sprinkle: lol yup
that games screams pinkie was here all over the place
cloud has no reason to be emo
maybe slightly said
Caramel: Like how they are trying to make the FF Grim again compared to FFVII
but not so downright emo
I love Terra and Cloud
2,14 all it is, is angst angst needless angst
Terra is best final fantasy character, but cloud is my favorite
Squall and Rinoa ftw
Caramel: Mostly, aye
2,14 plus throw in a bit of: "WE'RE SAD, FEEL BAD FOR US"
RoboGerbil: squall is just, ughhhhhhhhhhhhhh
im okay with emoish characters if they have a Really serious reason to be emo, but cloud has none
Caramel, please pardon me for asking, but why are you playing this game if you hate it so much?
Caramel: Well everyone has a sad story for a background :P
i have no idea what im saying, but i think sepiroth is bast char? he was baddass in the movie at least.
2,14 I figured some people would like it
lol squall was the only relatable character
Ember: Movie? :S
Kandarihu: So the chat can make fun of it
2,14 I have other games prepared if enough people ask for it
all of this makes me wanna waste 4 hours and watch all of Spoonys Videos again XD
sephiroth is awesome
and idc what the bandwagon haters say
Caramel: Sazh's family, Vanille's existance, Lighting's family, Snow's circumstances, etc etc
AJIsAwesome: yes, it was called advent cilderen or something like that
spehiroth was great in ff7:cc
Ember: Okay.
altho i think he couldve been more developed
Caramel it's cool, we are united as Brothers in our Desire to bitch about this game
2,14 yeah, and it's all emotional drivel
Caramel: For most part, sadly yes. So if you cannot like the characters it gets kinda...
2,14 it's poorly written, poorly designed, and an insult to what the series used to be
Ember: You should play FF7 so Advent Children makes a little more sense.
say Caramel do you have ff7: crisis core?
Caramel: Well, let's say apathetic. ><
oh thats why that movie made no sence..
derp.
the only thing i knwo about final fantasy: sephiroth > STAB!
Caramel: oy, you have any multiplayer games on the PS3?
Ember: It's literally a sequel to the game.
Ember: You need to watch every single Final Fantasy to understand, Final Fantasy Spirit's Within!
becasue somehow that was supposed to be bad
Evening. I had to beat this chat to get in.
Anyone from england here?
Vordox: Spirits Within is NOT a Final Fantasy as far as I'm concerned
i didnt know of any final fantasy game untill this stream started
And I played this FF. I like it.
hello
Gold_Demona: Ikr? Watcing Avent CHildren without playing FF7 first-- or at least watsching the Retrospective-- is like watching one big, beautiful, well crafted batch of What the FU--
/me hugs all the ponies
Gold_Demona: Heh I know, but it got dropped into a stigma JUST because of the name, which is sad.
grouphug
i litterally thought it was just a movie
So what was the most recent FF game made?
Caramel: Wait, you completed the game? O.o
Gives the special hug of friendshp to applejack2012
Vordox: Yeah, it's a good movie if you ignore the "Final Fantasy" in the title.
2,14 eeyup
Which is your favourite FF13 Character? mine is Hope.
Hey AJIsAwsome
2,14 because I'd be a hypocrit if I hated it without giving it a try'
Caramel: OH! Then you must've loved the randomness of the Scrapheap part :D
Vordox: I hated it for a long time because of that.
MrMalk: Hi! :)
Caramel: <3 Good ideal
2,14 in fact I've played through it like 7 times
2,14 fuck knows why
Caramel: It's a good game? :P
Is barbetos here AJ?
oh wait, i was kinda lying over here D:
Caramel: Boredom I take it
Which on Caramel? This one?
2,14 if something that makes you want to stab yourself is a good game, then yes
yeah, Advent Childtren WITHOUT knowing FF7="Who are these Characters, why is this happening?", watching it and having played the Game="What the F..."
Maybe it's fun to play, with it's psuedo-real-time battle system?
i have a ff game, but its crystal chronicles
MrMalk: Yep. I spoke to him a while ago. 30 min., I think.
Caramel: Then... That dedication of 100%?
Lil_B: LOL yeah! XD
Lil_B: Inb4 "RUFUS" bomb
2,14 more like I keep trying to find some reason to like it, and get horibly disappointed every time
Ember: That really doesn't count. That really really doesn't count.
AJIsAwesome when cypresswolf get on you guys are going to tell me the story
Caramel: I assume you haven't played FFXIII-2?
lol, y not?
"Where's the soul?" I could ask you the same thing, game. :S
"Where's the soul?" The though of all the fans who played this game
2,14 until I find a reason to like 13, no
AJIsAwesome: When does games have SOul?
Advent Children STILL doesn't make much sense if you know FF7 already, but at least you can sort of follow what's going on. :P
Caramel: Keep digging... :P
Obsidian: :D
Vordox GTA has soul
---
WTF?
GTA?!
I actually played FF7 only to the point where you get out of the City... after that I got bored :/
Ember: Crystal Chronicles is a spin-off game. Spin offs never count.
it'S true
Gold_Demona: Advent CHildren made perfect sense to me. Then again, I'm sort of an odd duck.
Vodrox ya
MrMalk: I hope you mean 4th one
Kencolt: It made sense when I first watched it, but then I thought back on it and I was like "WTF?"
Kencolt: I know the FF7 story through the internet only, Still made sense for me.
Vordox ya the best one
question
13>open stream
Kencolt: Also, the intros to all the familiar characters was pretty poorly executed. :P
13>JRPG voice acting
how old is that girl?
MrMalk: <3 (\
Why is Vanille a bad character again?
13i can't NOPE.avi fast enough
Lawl Shizuka :D
Ohi Shizuka
I wasn't paying attention to her. :D
Vordox I beleive they have a MLP GTA MOD
AJIsAwesome: because she is a stepford Smiler?
MrMalk: Don't have any interest in it =3
2,14 to be fair, this game sucks, and we're playing it to laugh at it
VANILLE DAMNIT you are doing it wrong!
seriously, how old is she?
Shizuka: fun thing is, it'S not as horrible as it culd be. except for these two kids
Caramel: So that's the GOOD thing about this? :P
Vordox you dont want all the people to turn into ponies?
2,14 for people watching maybe
MrMalk: Nah, I prefer 2D before 3D
Caramel: Oh....
2,14 still sucks for the person playing :P
Shizuka join us, for we are united in our effort to complain about this game!
Caramel: Do an autoplay then!
so Caramel do you have ff7: crisis core for psp?
ugh
why is hope so fucking lame
How come the "kid" bas a bigger rack than the main Heroine?
So those two are siblings?
/me is away: DINNER nomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnom
Caramel: I like the game, but then, I haven't played any other FF yet. It must be better than FF14 at least.
Will there be another steam sale soon?
Kencolt: Japan
Kencolt it's japan
Oh great, now you get to play as Hope
Kencolt: Japan. Just Japan. :S
Kencolt: Because fanservice. :P
um... Shizuka you dont like Japanese voice acting? O-o
JUST A BIG WARNING FOR EVERYONE
Archtypes ahoy at first
Dark_Horst you sure? will it be as big as summer sale?
13Panda: JRPG voice acting is horrendous
I was so sure, Hope would end up with Vanille during these first parts.
MrMalk: pretty much
oh ... oh no ... I fibnally lost my faith in humanity :(
Shizuka: Ever seen Skies of Arcadia?
If only you could make hope jump off that bridge
Dark_Horst Thank
Shizuka: You must admit, this one is at least trying.
So those two are siblings?
I haven't played a JRPG, so... sorry Shizuka >.<
AJIsAwesome: no
god, i havent heard one complete paragraph from her and i already wanna shoot her
Obsidian: Okay.
SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY
Shizuka: For most part, like Tales of series, the Voice acting is ...URGH, also somewhat linked to FFX. >.>
suprise buttsex
2,14 Dark_Horst: welcome to the life of playing 13
alexxm NOOOOOO
sooo Free plants vz zombies who wants it ?
A Kickstarter for Camera, where you can stack your iPhone in the front, so you can make real analoge Photos of your digital photos in an instand... this is real guey
Caramel: i want ooooout!
And then they carsh and die and everypony cheers
Lyra is TRYING to save the game
guys*
Or play it... I don't know
Skies of Arcadia nostalgia
WTF?
Am I the only guy who thinks Hope has awesome Character Development.
2,14 yes, you are
*?
awkward silence
Caramel: He does grew, but it's a painful grow :P
YOUNGSTERS SHOULD NOT DRIVE
am i the only one who just found out ff is a game and didnt know even if i have a spin off game of it?
2,14 he goes from being a whiny bitch to a useless kid who can't shut his mouth
he totally sniffed her ass there
2,14 not much growth
Caramel: So like Vanille!
Until now, the only gripe I heard about this game is that it's really linear. I think I see that here.
13the rare two horn metal movement
2,14 except Vanille is always like that
Hey, at least he behaves better than some other chars that do the Revenge Plot and don't catch themselves like Hope did.
Caramel: So it's 2 Vanille... heh :P
what the hell does the expect from holding her hands that way
and it already got 80.000$ :( why... oh why is this the kind of thing people are throwing money at?!
she'S not on a concert
2,14 I beg to difer
a dangerous place full of guys who want to kill you
2,14 at least with most revenge plots I can sympathize
sure, lets go investigate!
2,14 he wants to kill a guy because his mother volunteered
2,14 logic, I can haz?
I CANT STAND HER
Caramel: Kids
NO
godammit, STOP MAKING NOISS
JUST NO VANILLE
well isn't that convinient
Caramel: terrible writing
Dat Unconvinient enemy
BUMERANG GO
Vordox: yes, but he at least knows when to call it quits. And Caramel. The kid is 12/13. Cut him some slack. And how many Characters beat the shit out of enemies with a Boomerang?
and a boomerang out of nowhere
Caramel: what, that blonde boy there?
XD
well, at least teh space elevator got funded XD
2,14 that's supposed to make him better?
I want revenge on a guy at a dallas mcdonalds for making me wait 45 minutes extra just to get a drink
AHHHHHHH i hate you vanille
Caramel: And really, if there is ONE character I hate in FF... It's Rinoa.
13i miss ff7..
Sokka is best boomerang wielder.
2,14 he's emotionally detached from all this fighting, and then pulls out a fucking boomerang out of nowhere
Shizuka: THANK YOU
Shizuka: we all do
Shizuka: So mainstream.. :P
Vordox: So hipster. :P
Caramel: He's a kid who just lost his mom, and from his position it looked like Snow dropped her.
Shizuka: it is one of the best final fantasies, being 6 and 7 that is
Gold_Demona: Hah ah!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7wJ8pE2qKU here, have some nostalgia
Ember: no vid links during stream plz
Dat unallowed link
Ember: No links
sorry D:
didnt know
Ember: dont be sorry, just dont do it, or read the rules
Shizuka, play it again D:
Didn't read the rules, I see
Ember: that'S why your ead the rules
2,14 from his position, he should have recognized the fact they were going to stop people from killing him. And rather than bitching at the guy who risked himself to protect them, he tries to murder him because he lost his mommy
MURDER
Caramel, typical story line? O-o
I've always had a warm spot for FF9. Had a really interesting leveling system, and you could make your pary eventually freakishly unstoppable.
Panda: Ish :P
xD
Caramel: terrilbe character
Vordox: actually its a lot more mainstream to say that ff7 is mainstream
FFVII, FFVIII, FFVI, FF9, FF5 - rest
afternoon, everypony :) what are we watching?
Who runs like that in real life? :D
Caramel: He gets better at least. And Snow always pokes (unknowingly) in the wound with operation NORA.
Sylandest: Hi! :)
hi
AJIsAwesome: down syndrome
2,14 first off, no he doesn't
hello Sylandest... welcome.
Heya Sylandest
2,14 secondly, operation NORA is Hope's thing
Is NOONE here really thinking Rinoa is WORST FF character? .<
/me hugs Panda and Sylandest
>_>
Caramel: sorry, been some time since I played.
Hiyo Sylandest. We are watching Caramel play Final Fantasy XIII
Ouch, someone doesnt know the story line
howdy AJIsAwesome, Panda, MLP_Brovakiin
Vordox: that is reserved for vanille
hug
/me hugs Lil_B back
/me glomps Lil_B
Vordox: i have no idea who is who anyway
Rinoa is the "main side hero" of FFVIII..
I hate her big time, she's NEVER good.
EVER
Atleast Vanille has brains....ish
2,14 HAH
Good question
2,14 oh god, I needed that laugh
DAT ACTING
Aw, and she thought she was going to get some.
what is with this girl
my guess is on brain damage
alexxm: Spoilers. She IS the narrator after all.
Caramel: Seriously! LOOK at Rinoa's story... Where is she ever GOOD?!
Oh yeah, most people here has NO idea about the story atm. XD
2,14 don't use general terms like "good"
LAGUNA FTW
so far
2,14 and frankly, if you can't appreciate her role in the story, then that just makes me sad more than angry
what i have seen of him
Vordox: Remember her ruining the Assassination by walking up to the sorceress.
Bronysith: FFVIII has been out for over 10 years. That's no spoiling anymore.
00,10punch kick it's all in the mind
punch those robot dogs
Caramel: I can undersand her story, but character wise... No. She fecks up everything over and over again, gets kidnapped more then one time, FECKS up her own plans all the time...
Is this a prerecorded livestream?
Caramel: and of course the whole Vessel plot... >.>
MrMalk: No, its live
And character development...Well... True, she did evolve somewhat.
Sumica O_o I love you.
Sumica: That rappah
Bronysith: That's not special. IF all existance would end. THAT would be a shock.
00,10Mit says mips in the top right and you are asking if it's livestream?
Sumica: I think you'll like MysteryBen27's upcoming video then. :D
2,14 sorry Vordox, but I basically can't buy anything you sell when you legitimately said Vanille is less annoying than Rinoar
2,14 Rinoa*
Caramel: That "less" isn't much.. =P
Bronysith at least everyoner is alive at the end of mother 3 :) exepct the people who died before the end
Bronysith: The last one, it's my favourite Spoiler Joke.
The Snape Dumbledore one.
And I'm not saying "annoying", I said "Worst" character
what I ust wrote sounded really stupid... I apologyse and try again -.-
<.<
Sazh for goodness sake..
LIGHTNING IS PRINCESS AT SHOWING NO EMOTION
and the door said, i forgive you
Bronysith: Reminds me of atleast 8 other characters in FF
Bronysith: I LOVE Light. She's awesome.
Like Adamant from FFIX
Cloud from 7
00,10reminds me of music and sound effects from armored core 2
Cloud showed alot of emotions... As Cloud, but not as Zack while being Cl....errgh
Calmness, Bronysith. We get it. Your seething hatred for this game is plain as day.
Bronysith: sorry, Cloud from Advent Children. In looks and emo-ness?
Vordox: wait..wha..hu..WHAT?
I would give the top point actually to Adamant when I think about it, his emotions are the true essence of Steel XD
Gold_Demona: THIS IS A GAME?!
Bronysith: ALTERNATE CONTINUITY!!!
00,10by the time the music gets good the fight is over
Sumica: Caramel is just that good.
Bronysith: Batman has shown emotion too. Most just remember his brooding.
2,14 yeah, see how good I am at pressing X?
YEAH, that skillz man, Caramel is the best FFXIII playah
your pressing X like a baws caramel
Press X to win
THIS GAME SUCKS
its like installing windows 7
Caramel A winner is you
press 25 times enter to instal
Bronysith! Dude! Seriously with the caps, man!
So...
Snow, only if you like all the defaults
Anyone tlel me 3 reasons why Rinoa is a good character?(Actually BEING good, not TALKING good)
2,14 Vordox: does that sentence even make sense to you?
00,10press r1 dueeing attack to do more damage >_>
^HATE that mechanic
Vordox: She makes the game play Eyes on Me?
hi
Hiyo CCCP
Hello CCCP
hey CCCP
oh god, is it THAT kind of character?
If I wanna hear Eyes on Me, I just open iTunes
hello CCCP
hia CCCP ;)
CCCP: Hi! :)
Vordox: Reason 2: She uses the DOGLAUNCHER!!!
Caramel: I'm just very certain about my choice of worst character. When I played the games, I always avoid Rinoa cause she's never used for anything good as a story character OR character development? The whole Assassination plan mishaps, possessing, Vessel for Witch, Family rebellion. The ONLY good thing she did AS said, was the whole Train act. >.>
HI CCCP my name is malk whats youres
dat wall
dat post
it scared me
2,14 ...are you kidding?
btw... whats the name of that Planet they are on again?
MrMalk wat
/me nomz MrMalk
Caramel: No, unless there is something I really missed.
inb4 counterpost
2,14 she's the entire pivotal keystone for Squall's development
2,14 like seriously, did you even PLAY the game?
/me nomz on CCCP
Caramel: Several times. actually. Mostly 100% it
Vordox: Reason 3: She DE-Emo's Squall/Leon/Whatever.
/me says CCCP you need some pepper
wait is that possible?
So...
2,14 well then you didn't pay much attention to it
MrMalk :I
de-emo someone?
/me murders Snow
I did, Caramel, there's a reason I put FFVIII as second favourite FF.
/me gives CCCP some pepper :3
waht was that for?
Snow: You replace the Emo-ness with Love.
gotta throw in the FF13 Soundtrack again... I remember thinking it was Meh ... (not bad, but I didn't like it)
00,10not what was the worst part about ff8, accidentally spreading crapy rules in triple triad
CCCP mabye we could stew you or something in some fresh chicken broth steak blood mix
ff4 is the only game I played with from that franchise and I didnt even finish it. It just doesn't appeal to me.
/me is sad
/me hugz Snow
whats the matter Snow
Vordox: That's why I like Hope after he gets over the revenge part.
bronysith murderd me
/me also hugs Snow :3
/me gives cccp his special hug of friendship
dat FFXIII :D
good evening everyone
/me gives Phoenix Down to Snow
Hello Alchemist
/me revives
Sumica: At least Triple Triad made some sense, even with bad rules. The game after that in FF9-- I forget what it was called, but that was just a big bowl of "How does this even WORK?"
Alchemist: Hi! :)
Good evening sir your a gentleman and a scholar Phoenix
Dat delusion, Snow...
Snow: nothing personal, you are just from a terrible game, thats all
dat echo
how are things Alchemist
...
what game then?
hi there Alchemist :)
Snow: final fantasy 13
alexxm: its been better alexxm, thanks for asking. But then again its been worse too.
2,14 "what should I do?" Grow up and get the fuck over it
Caramel: Truth
Bronysith Seems Legit
Well, I'm gonna get going for the day. See y'all tomorrow Bronystate.
Caramel: Agreed
bye Gold_Demona
Worst motivational Speaker = goes to.... VANILLE!
Bye Gold_Demona
bye Gold_Demona
Gold_Demona: Bye! :)
i just watched the human centipede =/
Caramel: That takes some more Chapters.
bye Gold_Demona
CCCP: Why?
CCCP: Why? :S
Dat 5 star pro play, Caramel
im actually my own OC so dont compare me with anyone bronysith!
CCCP I was peer pressured into saying Why?
Obsidian and AJIsAwesome and MrMalk its not that gross really
Caramel: After stream, I would like to have an arguement with you about Rinoa, if you want to that is.
its just pretty boring
bye
im gonna watch part 2 today
bye Applejack2012
2,14 that doesn't at all sound interesting to me, no offense
laters Applejack2012
Bye Applejack2012
bye Applejack2012
2,14 but fanboy arguing isn't really my favorite past-time
Caramel: none taken, opinions, that's all.
Applejack2012: Bye! :)
It's not about fanboy, heck I'm not a FF fanboy at all.
well, i better get going to, later!
I just love to analyze stuff.
bye Snow <3
Snow: Bye! :)
Goodbye Applejack2012
/me waves
Goodnbye Snow
bye Snow
Bye Snow
Bye snow
00,10this game needs more ponies
Wasn't there Robots pony later...? <.<
ponies are overrated :P
Sumica: No, they would be Mecha Zombie Ponies at best.
Or was that FFXIII-2...
Sumica: There's a summon that turns into a horse later
L'cie about that.
Vordox do you know something about FF13-Versus?
Lil_B: You mena FFXIII-3?
Considering what happens later in the game and what we find out, it makes sense that Vanille knows that much about L'Cie.
What I'm trying to figure out is why, in a sterile SF high tech city, Vanille's weapon is apparently a pair of antlers tied to a tree branch.
why are these battles so short
Vordox they renamed it? As far as I know they worked on 13-2 and 13-Versus at the same time
Vanille... you are WAY too..."Euh euh SQUEE"
Kencolt: Antique Weaponry.
Kencolt: Explained later
some one tell me the goriest movie so i can watch it :P
Obsidian: Dat EVA logic
Cue emo mode
CCCP: Saw is more of a gore film then horroe, them films are messed up :P
Vordox ive already seen it though =/
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Drawfriend Stuff #561
ok, FF13 music is kinda unique in FF-music, way way lest orchestra and more other styles, but I generally find it to be lacking :/
Vanille kind of scares me.
Not Emo yet, Still emotional. Emo comes later after the first chapter.
Polydunami: She's like this for a certain reason. :P
CCCP: But it is a relitivly good choise for gore films
MLP_Brovakiin =/ i heard they wernt that good but okies :3
I know that much, Vordox
That's what scares me.
CCCP: Yeah, she has a reason for why's she so..."Cherpy"
hello
waaaat
hi applejack`
<--- Dat forced Dictatorship of the Fal'cie.
Hello applejack`
Sazh, not helping dude.
applejack`: Hi! :)
Has anyone played smite?
;D
wow this guy does not know how to comfort people
HATE STORY EMO HATE
http://blogs.gartner.com/jenny-sussin/files/2011/12/50436494.jpg Seriously, this is what I think of when I see Vanille.
the worst game ever might be a game called "Escape from Atlantis"
You're going to regret saying that, Lightning =P
on the NES
Vordox I only aked about Versus.13 because I know Yoko Shimomura is making the music for it and one siong was on her "drammatica" CD... which released in 2008
Sazh is awesome. He's like the most awesome [Spoiler] Character ever.
Lil_B: I really don't know much about the th...versus what ever number it is, atm.
CCCP: No, that title goes to E.T. for the Atari 2600
ok :(
Sazh is my favourite character in this game
Obsidian: DR Jekyll and MR Hyde... But eveyr other Atari games with crap coding wins that XD
Obsidian i own that game its bad but no where as bad as Escape From Atlantis trust me
Good afternoon everypony!
hi tSparx
i got my ataria 2600 on Ebay and half the games are broken ;~;
Hello there, tSparx!
atari*
hia tSparx :)
CCCP: Get Vectrex instead :P
tSparx: Hi! :)
Heya tSparx
Vordox whats that?
Vordox dem Vectors XD
CCCP: Just write in Vectrex on googl enad you'll see. :D I love those old games
I need to head out for the moment. bbl everypony.
the virtual boy is also EXTREAMLY underrated
/me glomps CCCP, Polydunami, AJIsAwesome , and MLP_Brovakiin (unless you don't want glompage, in which case I didn't ;)
bue Obsidian
Still got your brain, Caramel ?
Vordox okies :3
00,10I still have a Vetrex
/me accepts glomp
2,14 ....what>
Sumica: <3
tSparx: I'm totaly cool with that :3
ciao Obsidian
Caramel: Button mashing and story atm.
Damn English and its lack of 2nd person singular/plural distinctions :P
2,14 I'm using my big toe to play
2,14 while I do other things
Caramel: Hah! Dem Skills
tSparx, you/all of you
"What is this Ezmode you speak of"?
Kandarihu: But you can mean 2nd person singular or plural.
CCCP: Get into Human Psychology, ish awesomez
Kandarihu There's no clear distinction, other than context, to let people know you're only talking to one person. Damn English: P
Vordox that sounds kinda interesting :)
tSparx, yeah, I guess so
CCCP: It is, once you get a good basic grip on humans understanding and brain functions, you'll start to play with Triggers.
Some for good, some for bad.
CCCP: tHE ONLY THING I LIKE IN SCHOOL IS MY ENGINEERING DIPLOMA :/
And some for dictatorships(I'm looking at you, History)
Kandarihu: I mean, *I'm* than comfortable using thou (and its associated -st conjugations), but no one else wants to bother with it, haha.
Lil_B: Wait, where di you find the soundtrack?
Oh shite dat caps lock :$
Vordox i can manipulate people? :o >:3
AJIsAwesome the info or the download?
back soon
CCCP: Don't abuse it.
Some people never understand why they do things.
You'll get the thought police on your tail, CCCP :O
MLP_Brovakiin the only thing im annoyed by in that statement is the first letter :P
^ what Polydunami said
Polydunami D:
Run Lightnig RUN!
Motoi Sakuraba, Yasunori Mitsuda, Yuzo Koshiro, Masafumi Takada, Noriyuki Iwadare, Takahiro Nishi... they got teh pure Sound Elite for this Simple 3DS Game -.-
Lil_B: Probably both.
SERAH!
CCCP: :D
<.<
Sazh...
MLP_Brovakiin :3
That delusion Snow...
AJIsAwesome if you search for any information about Video Game music, search on vgmdb.com , they have all the Information, download wise... I'll send you a pm :)
YEah Vanille
FEEL THAT PAIN; FEEL IT
Lil_B: Thanks.
inb4 HUGE mindfeck
cue feels
TWO heroes, one destiny
Be back when im back everypony!
And now a HUGE Mindfeck
bye
(For new viewers atleast)
Is that how Crystal Ponies are made?
cya CCCP
Oh my god, WarioLand: Shake it?! I loved this game, epsectially the art direction...
I don't know about you guys, but I'd want to make a cool pose before I turn to crystal :3
Yay, I'm eternally alive...
Polydunami: Does the Johnny Bravo Dance
paunch
THANK YOU LIGHTNING
Actually, a silly pose would be funnier.
SERIOUSLY, if Nintendo have to time to make a brand new Mario cartoon, THIS would of been the art style.
Well..
*the
brb guys, got some dishes to defeat
She got crystals... which are jewelry.. So should be happy eternal life?
That's why I like her. She punches Snow, who is the character who is MOST capable of annoying me.
You mean the Government is...EVIL??!!
*dun dun duuuuun*
/me is a PoliSci major >_>
MAN UP HOPE
WELLP. Time for us to become like them.
See here: Realistic Reaction to almost death by a 14 year old.
Nah, I'm just joshin' ya
And now inb4 another Mind feck(This one actually confuzzled me big time)
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/005/616/qb.jpg I'd like to make a contract with you.
/me shoots Kyuubei in the face. "How about no"
Caramel: Getting Toe ache yet? :P
Things remind me of other things :P
Hi bronystate.
Damn those graphics are wonderful
hey FillyFlam
howdy FillyFlam
Hey there, FillyFlam
DAT ACTING
Hello FillyFlam
FillyFlam: Hi!
Not helping Lightning =P
meh Vodox
Vordox
MASF123|: Mmmmmyes?
Final boss already?
AJIsAwesome: Hur hur hur
[Spoiler] How did Queen say? "Who wants to live Foreve?"
Vordox: :P
boss tiem ? boss time.
I know Vanille...
=<
Smooth Hope, smooth.
Vordox those graphics are meh
WHO WANTS TO SEE a funny yet extremely suggestive pic?
little chocobo is the best charcater in this game
2,14 bronysith: no
What else is new, Bronysith?
Sazh: "My Chocobo gives me Super Aiming abillity."
MASF123|: I say they are pretty much one of the big reasons this was decent game... =P
Caramel: no problem
Sazh is all about style while shooting.
Vordox: and no accuracy
Bronysith: He's gangsta Ballet style :P So of course not
Vordox: But he still hits.
It'd be impossible not to hit with this fatass :D
And with a full meter his pistols fuse into a rifle.
:3
2,14 funny how every black character in FF uses guns
Caramel: oh fuck ur right
Caramel: Barret....err...
How many black characters have there been?
Caramel: Kiros?
Fal'Cie: You killed me. So I give you these Super Powers and a Vision to save the World. Have fun.
Big MINDFECK time
Caramel: Well, Barret IS a gun-- when he's not a totally insane melee weapon.
Oh yeah, I'm going to be away the entire weekend; I'm missing Brony Movie Night.
Vordox: I spoil Ten Minutes into the future.
BAD STUFF HAPPENS
Oh yeah it's a spoiler, did I mention that? =P
Vordox: NO, REALLY? I would have never guessed.
Oh mai
Who was watching Day after Tommorow?
lol
and swimming lyra...lol
Dat Narrator Vanille man...
Ugh, that movie really gets on my nerves.
Wow. I think I came literally within seconds of my laptop's battery running out
Oh yeah, this flashback
I never finished the game. I stopped at GP. Then I needed to give the game back.
And we pick up at the local diner. Makes sense.
Kandarihu: Context?
Vordox: More specific please. There are many of these.
Advent Children?
THERE SHE IS
One of the better characters =P
2,14 better because you never have to play as her...and she's barely in the game
Caramel: Says a bit, eh
2,14 oh, you were talking about Fang
Is there a reason she's dressed like a Catholic Schoolgirl?
2,14 never mind then
Oh, Lebreau. Why are you so beautiful?
Caramel: Ayup, Fang
2,14 meh
2,14 she's bland...but that's pretty much the best this game has to offer
Caramel: So.. Caramel. whose your favourite "Side" hero of FF? :)
Caramel: Dat negativity, but yeah I understand. ><
I had to move my computer over to another room for a few hours. I had it plugged in for this. After that, I brought it back to the normal spot and forgot to plug it in. Then I brought up PSO2, because I'd been gone too long. I was fighting a boss when Windows was warning me that the battery was down to 11%. So I dropped a Telepipe, hoping to run off next chance I got. Then it gave me an even more dire warning, so I used that
telepipe and plugged my computer back in
2,14 depends on your definition of "side" hero
Caramel: Playable, but not a hero(Like Snow f ex)
<.<
Incoming Sonic 06 vibes. :D
<.<
2,14 Red XIII
OH MAI; so Azn
Oho!
Caramel: Ooooh, interesting!
acting
alexxm: "acting" or acting
Caramel: Thought you would go Balthier, really.
Caramel: but yeah, Nakai was a pretty good side hero.
2,14 I've repressed 12 out of my memory
12? What's that?
Caramel: Even with characters like Balthier and Fran? D:
Oh yeah, Fran.
What? I heard nothing but good things about 12
2,14 they ruined one of the most incredible beginnings/early game
DUDE! You're flirting ABOUT her sister AND her.. XD
2,14 and threw away a perfectly good story
Caramel: Oh? The war part?
This seems so cheesy, IMO.
2,14 it IS cheesy
oh, is this the movie that the animators took like, 500 hours on one hair?
IT is the new Eyes on Me!
Well, they've had practice with eight, AJIsAwesome :3
Caramel...
2,14 it's cheesier than Tidus going to the carnival place in FF7 while wrapped in a suit of cheese
your font it's different.
2,14 no, this is my normal color
Caramel: Trying to remember the FF12 intro, it's the part with the prince?
oh
Caramel: WHhile wat5ching the pirates put on a play about romantic cheese.
whilst eating cheese
You play as Reks; Vaan's brother, Vordox.
wait, that was a cutscene?
<.<
Polydunami: Hmm, should go watch for remembering, all I see is the damn war part with the prince causing a huge start. ><
why was I surprised that was a cutscence
*cutscene
I only know of these things because of HC Bailly :P
So, they still make turn based role playing games?
<.<
Hirokazu Tanaka is the best ... just wanted to throw that out there
whatever you say george
well hope, thats how time works
ello everypony
hey
Hey there, LunarRepublicGuard
hia LunarRepublicGuard
LunarRepublicGuard: Hi! :)
why do I feel that this is one big metaphor for something
2,14 quick....now kill her
Oh god.
Caramel: thats better
XD
glug glug glug glug
CK|GW2: maybe he did
in another life
"I don't like sand...."
Ooooh!
I like it when Hope and Vanille flirt :D
Now I remember Reks
D:
Polydunami: that was flirting?
CK|GW2 Spoony reference?
That looks a lot like the sphere grid from FFX. O.o
cowvarkian: Never seen FFX Tidus and Yuna flirt? =P
You mean that wasn't?
I thought that was mindless bullshit
Lil_B: Technically Star Wars Ep 2 reference, but yes.
maybe this is why I never get dates
Pfft.
Vordox: OH GOD THE MENTAL IMAGE GET IT OUT
cowvarkian: Relationships are mindless? XD
CK|GW2 can't wait for him to start the FF13 Review
CK|GW2: XD Sorry
Vordox: are they not?
cowvarkian: ... No comment
Vordox: so, yes
Vordox: that was tidus n yuna?
Tidus and Yuna flirting was so awkward that I wanted to hang myself from the nearest bridge every time they stopped the plot railroad for more of that. >_>
CK|GW2 excuse me while I laugh like Tidus
I maintain that FFX would have been a great game if it had about half of the roster.
Oh yeah, I forgot about Tidus and Yuna. I was thinking more of Squall and Rinoa.
Polydunami: Emotionless and Annoying?
/me has never played a final fantasy game
Vordox: relationships with anyone?
Had they removed Tidus, Rikku, and Wakka....
CK|GW2: Rikku!?
Then you have a solid cast of characters for the most part, absolutely no whiny drama, and still have a great narrative.
well, more like draining and sad
*depressing
Yes, Rikku. Ms. Jailbait herself.
Lol
But then you'd have no Tara Strong :(
Her very existence is the most disturbing sort of fanservice. >_>
Yes, and I've forgiven Tara for that sin.
(c wut I did thar)
>.>
-_(\
Admit it, you laughed. If only on the inside.
*listening to Loco Rococ Sountrack* ... suddenly French Gilr Voice instead of Fake Language kids ...
Lil_B: seems legit
....are they attacking Ho-oh?
sure, why not
since I have no idea what that is
/me has had this conversation before btw
omg I saw a paradigm shift
Geeze, those sounds Vanille makes. They creep me out.
CK|GW2: none?
http://cdn.bulbagarden.net/upload/thumb/6/67/250Ho-Oh.png/160px-250Ho-Oh.png
Polydunami: oh, then yes
Polydunami: I thought it sounded familiar
I was pretty fond of FFX's combat, actually.
i really need 2 get back in to the ff series
It's probably the best I've seen in the series.
even though it's a pokemon
CK|GW2: I loved the Sphere Dress system in FFX-2, was fun to level
It remains fast-paced, but the fact that there's generally tactics to it that make you swap characters on the fly, I like that.
It's just a shame the sphere grid rapidly becomes abusable, or it'd work quite well.
Dat big jelly
hey guys :)
ohai
hi BronyInstrumental :)
So are we in an open area for once?
Hello BronyInstrumental :)
BronyInstrumental: Hi! :)
Suddenly it's a chase scene.
this looks like final fantasy
because it is
I'm guessing 13 since I don't recognize the characters.
which one?
all of them
at once
/me doesnt know
I honestly don't know but I'm betting 13. :P
This is thirteen, yeah.
it's 13. Trust me.
Think this is the one Yahtzee said was basically "run down a linear corridor for the entire game"
yeah, it looks a lot like 13-2
wazaaaaaaaaaaah
O_O
Ah, good to know I can still spot FF at a glance.
I don't know if that speaks all that well of me, though.
Is that a bad thing?
Probably means I'm too buried in RPGs.
What's this?
2,14 where in the damn hell is that monstert
This that Final Fantasy 13 game?
Lol
is 200,000 gil a lot in this one?
At this point in the game?
05still val streaming?
So I'm guessing it is a Final Fantasy game?
05im back btw ^_^
Wrek yes
Holla everypony! :)
Hello, GilDash
GilDash: Hi! :)
Hello GilDash :)
hi Gildash!
I'll be back in a bit
/me hugs GilDash
/me hugs Lil_B.
hallaw GilDash :)
ello GilDash
I'll be back in a bit. Need to restart. :D
oh hey Wrek
so sazh, lightning, them i recognise
"Fingers of Stone"
O.o
Is that the name of the region?
he is in process of making the plushie Wrek , then i pay him, etc, he send to you, you do odin knows what with her (hug the living crap out of her)
Why would you call a place "Fingers of Stone"?
I am glad that Chrono trigger was not made today, cuase it would probably be like this.
Barbetos|AtWork: yup
Well that was fast.
what's the name of that mage? is it fang?
that is the first 3 star I have seen.
or perhaps vanille...
I wonder how it rates the battles
Probably by how happy Lyra is.
okay yeah, that's vanille
*throws care package*
I think the Last Ramnant had a battle system very much like this one
Not sure though. I own it but have not played it but maybe 30 minutes
homestuck... is long ...
Holla again! Back from restart. :)
GilDash: Welcome back! :)
/me nuzzles GilDash
Welcome back GilDash :)
/me nuzzles Lil_B back.
ello GilDash
Oh look SuperBrony63 is here and....
Whoa. o////0
Ohai SuperBrony63
Your looking a little bit better for some reason....
Oh my...
/me sweats
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Weekly Media Roundup 9/2 - 9/10
2,14 btw, just tell me when you're sick of this game, and I will *happily* switch
xD
what is this game anyway?
Hello SuperBrony63 :D
hia SuperBrony63 :) finally finalised the DP Design, now I "only" have to make the animation
05Caramel: i dont have any obligations left so if you need a break im ready to take ovah xD
/me murders Caramel
Caramel: You can switch if you want to, we probably wouldn't mind.
Caramel: that should help, death is a better alternative to this "game"
05Caramel: deus ex on realistic, baton kills ONLY
05with all bonus missions
and suddenly silence
Wrek Gotta OCD~
05ocd?
Gotta Baton them all
05I'll give you a big grey ribbon if you brush your teeth and slap me in the behind. right near the snakebite.
feels like 30 pics/pages into homestuck... finally reached the freaking title card -.-
No one Baston's better than Gaston!
Wrek: WHAT THE FUCK!?
/me murders gast
gast ah he gone
anyway, I'm done for taday, see you all tomorrow :)
See you Lil_b
today*
Lil_B: Bye! :)
Lil_B
/me hugs MASF123 and AJIsAwesome ;)
Goodbye Lil_B
and MLP_Brovakiin :)
http://cheezburger.com/6562032896
Anyone else ready for Armored Kill tomorrow?!?
what?
new BF3 expansion
Oh.
I bought that
Back.
I forgot all about it.
dont really care for BF3, probably going to trade it in for something else
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Rhythm is Magic - Remix Apple Apple Apple
I guess I will play it.
BF3 is overrated imo
I really like bf3 hahaha
WELLP. Here we go again with the rhythm is magic.
Its alright, but BF2 it ain't, which is the game I liked the most.
I unfotunatly missed BF2, and most of bad company 2
Caramel: do you have any multiplayer games on PS3?
05but yeah val
05Caramel
05the queues are updated
05and you got about an hour'
You know, Bronysith, that YOLO can be used as a warning.
As in, don't drink and drive. YOLO.
then again, YOLO, why not?
^
how long does this movie last for?
is this a limit move
2,14 didn't you JUST stream Wrek?
That's the thing: if you only live once, you might want to make sure you don't die. Because you don't get to have fun if you're dead.
dead isnt fun
Polydunami: but if you only live once, then you would want to go all out
soulrider95: Not with that attitude!
MLP_Brovakiin: That may be, just not for me :3
Caramel: so do you have any multiplayer games on PS3?
That argument only works if you know you're going to die anyway, Bronysith.
As in, near the end.
Hey guys, I'm back!
Hey there, MadSurge!
Welcome back MadSurge
MadSurge: Welcome back! :)
2,14 bare with me a moment, grabbing other stuff
What did I miss after classic DEUS eX?
Caramel: BEAR?! Where? :P
We had a bit of Lightning, MadSurge.
I thought it was 'bear' with me.
Not bare.
/me leaves
Polydunami: Final Fantasy 13? :D
Eeyup
I'm watching on how to make a Chimmi-Cherry Changas.
Polydunami: aka "corridor: the rpg" :D
so is overlord going to be streamed
aaaaand i'm back
You're being too soft, MadSurge :D
Wb BladedWings!
MASF123: Thats awesome, tell us how it goes :)
Welcome back BladedWings
Is a stream up, mine froze?
oh shit
Caramel: done with FF13?
dmc4 ftw
I'll send you the link if no stream is up.
ok :)
Hey guys I'm back
Hey there, SafariMonkey
Hey Polydunami
Polydunami: and jerk protagonist with emo kid, idiot hero wannabe and low IQ girl :D
Welcome back SafariMonkey
Thanks MLP_Brovakiin
Wb SafariMonkey!
So who's streaming now? (is there a way to find out except ask?)
And Sazh, MadSurge :3
Hey MadSurge
SafariMonkey: Caramel also hi
You can tell by the desktop pony, sometimes.
WB twilight_sprinkle
Hi BladedWings
hey SafariMonkey :)
Hey guys i'll be back in the chat later ok my step dad is coming home don't want to take up the pings on him or the bandwith so a see yall later.........peace
Moopy: Bye! :)
aight later
bye Moopy
http://cheezburger.com/6568418048
bye Moopy
Hey MASF123
Hey Brony
* Bronysith
Hi SafariMonkey
Wow, those Chimmi-Cherry Changas turned up to be a mess.
I don't think he even ate them.
wait what movie?
http://cheezburger.com/6561784832
The guy in the vid had a Rainbow Dash and Flutterhy plushie
quick someone name the A movie...
Huh...oh some Youtube tutorial on how to make Chimmi-Cherry Changas.
what is it i'm seeing?
Did I miss any Doctor Who? Has it been Car*mel all this time?
Spectrum_Rush: Combat Guild.
(ping avoidance)
SafariMonkey: it has
assassins and batman are demons?
Spectrum_Rush: :P
I thought Wrek was taking over?
would someone now kindly tell me what this movie is?
http://askprincessmolestia.tumblr.com/image/31117648312
IDK
Dark_Horst: Combat Guild. :P
AJIsAwesome: now how long were ya saving that one
AJIsAwesome: never heard of that one
Spectrum_Rush: I'm not telling you. :P
Looks like Assassin's Creed.
We talking about the Scottish movie again?
wheres dante
BOOM HEADSHOT
alexxm: right there
ah right thanks Bronysith
ok...
wow i wish i could be having that much fun right now
nope
cutscene
:O Caramel has a lot of playstation games
Like I said, I'm going to miss Movie night and all the hilarity in the chat during the A movie.
playstation 1 has great games
did dante suplex a priest with a sword
oh herro TheGreatAndPowerfulT
hi everypony :)
how are things thelonepony
Hello, thelonepony
hi TheGreatAndPowerfulT
thelonepony: Hello! :)
Hi thelonepony
Hello TheGreatAndPowerfulT
Heya also thelonepony :)
Great alexxm i started driving today
thats good thelonepony
how about you alexx?
Damn flashes in my eyes.
thelonepony: i hope it goes great for you :)
oooh, so its a game
...that'S weird gameplay
what game is Caramel playing?
DMC4
Tutorial fiiiiight
I bet Caramel already knows all the game
Maybe
ohai dere
which one is Dante?
hi everypony
Hello IshPoopyHead
hi RanbowDash90
And also hello RanbowDash90
Hi IshPoopyHead
which one is Dante?
oh i see
sumica is streaming?
Hey Lyra`
it's normal difficulty ?
Ouch......
Lyra` Caramel is streaming
hai SafariMonkey
Hello Lyra`
Lyra`? Is it really you?
hi Lyra` it's Caramel
shush, his name is val
;3
Lyra`: Hi! :)
hai ponies who know me :3
hi
its really me mate
returned from the dead :3
Lyra`: Caramel's name is Val?
hello
:P
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Story Updates September 10th (Afternoon)
the same Lyra` that got banned a while back?
hey, i was k-lined
not banned
thank you very much :3
of course you realize I'm going to nom and glomp you now
just got a sword punched through my chest,, pff who cares
rawr!
it's a flesh wound!
/me tackle hugs Lyra` "I missed you."
don do dat
2,14 and it doesn't occur to you that you probably shouldn't be back on the network when you're klined?
XD
/me glomps and nomz Lyra`
they let me appeal ;3
/me ish nommed and glomped
2,14 still haven't seen your appeal for our site
ask hiim about it
what are we watching?
2,14 has he now?
yup yup :3
How did Lyra` get klined? I guess I wasn't here when it happened.
05before your time AJIsAwesome
oh, i insulted the mother of a ircop
Wrek: Alright.
something about her getting raped at starcraft 2
Lyra`: That sounds like something a MW3 player would do...
this term, klined, I am unfamiliar with it
^
what does it mean?
and yes, Caramel used to be val the jean, but caramel is a more fitting and adorable name for him <3
Nobody knows
suddenly, panic!
suddenly ponies
Seapony Lyra get out of there it isn't safe!!
/me panics!
2,14 uh huh, well you still show as banned on our banlist. So I'd recommend you speak to Dari rather soon, considering he's made no indication that you aren't
am i now?
i sent in an appeal
and he talked with me abou tit
*about it
00,10he's refering to your new one from last night "S"
and said, "you can come byack"
i got banned last night?
:P
how does one get banned while being banned?
i dont remember that?
IshPoopyHead: Ban-ception
WE MUST GO DEEPER
i got kicked a few times, for overloading the chat while listing Wreks best features
MLP_Brovakiin indeed
Which DMC is this?
00,10yes Lyra` you loged in as "S" thought you would be cute and got baned for it
IshPoopyHead: 4, I think.
Run DMC :P
as "s"?
what time was this?
MLP_Brovakiin :|
i was asleep at around 2100 kansas time
00,10you forgot to change your VHost when you loged in with it btw
IshPoopyHead: :D
yeah, i havent logged into irc for a long time
not a registered account anyway
00,10yeah been almost 13 hours
Lyra` don't get banned again pwease :(
might have been lydian
00,10nope
what is "s"?
00,10unless you are leting otheres have your account info now
a letter that stands for sexy
It's a commonly used letter, Lyra`
helpful ponies, thanks
lol what's lyra doing
but no, i was at basic training, and my account expired, so then lydian stole my name
now im just going on an unregistered one
kind of like guest with a /nick
Sumica: Could it be that Lyra` accidentally logged in (fell asleep on the keyboard maybe)?
also, if i got banned last night, wouldnt i still be banned
00,10best damn sleep typeing I have ever seen
considering im still using the same connection i have been for days?
Changelings?
05so much for that independent black woman talk. she jsut seems unable to let bronystate go
Sumica: Can I look forward to any Doctor Who anytime soon?
(on this channel)
Wrek: muffins or cupcakes?
Aw damn, I've missed the +b gauntlet
05muffins work better with coffe
05cupcakes get soo sugary with the coffee
05with tea then cupcakes
exactly
00,10perhaps if I get on early SafariMonkey
Wrek that's why coffe flavored muffins exist
hey where'd Lyra go?
Is that the last of this Lyra` fellow?
Sumica: Sorry I don't understand. Early tomorrow morning, or early afer this, or what?
00,10early morning PST
Wrek: hot coffee in the morning and tea in the afternoons? followed by celebrating your birthday extravagantly? but everyday is your birthday...
2,14 and that's all for today
2,14 hope you enjoyed
13wrek birthday?
Thanks for the stream Caramel
Thanks, Caramel. :)
Aw I missed a Caramel stream! Bah humbug -- thanks anyway though Caramel, sure it was lovely.
thanks Caramel
05nope Shizuka
05not yet
13oh
05i dont wanna be 20 so soon T~T
tkanks for the stream Caramel :)
Thanks for the stream Caramel :)
Wrek: I know that feeling.
thanks for the stream Caramel
thank*
Sumica: I'm BST (GMT+1) here
I'm 21
sup everypony, did stream just end?
Bronysith: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I4vFP9ZgSI8
Though now that it's soon, I've already started calling myself 20, 'cause otherwise I'll forget to later.
Dovah: Yep. Caramel.
Hello Dovah
hi Dovah
I'm 18.
Ola Dovah
i'm 15
I'm 20
I'm 15, so I can ride my moped on the road next year :)
Almost 18 just about 13 days from now or 12 in one hour
MLP_Brovakiin: moped? really?
00,10gmt-8 here SafariMonkey
You young punks, making me feel old because I remember when being able to drive was a big deal.
For some reason, I always used to think that all the mods were in their 20s.
I will be 39 this december
killerpony7733... What date is your b-day?
Is it the 23rd?
:T
and suddenly from my perspective things look awful
DashWithRainbows September 23rd yeppers
No way...
Same here mate.
DashWithRainbows Awesome 1994?
Yep.
TWINS!
Daaaaaamn
and suddenly from my perspective things look awful
Niiice.
Dovah: Yep :) I already know how to ride it, use the gears & what not, but you need to be 16 to take a CBT
Bronysith: You mentioned that.
:D tSparx, wait til the grey starts setting in :)
MLP_Brovakiin: where do you live?
DashWithRainbows and i thought slurrymoon was the closest one to date of birth and all
DashWithRainbows Well this is just awesome :D
Dovah: Merry old England :D
Dark_Horst: YAAAY :D
I forget the birthday of other people so much.
Don't even remember my mothers.
Cypresswolf: Nah, that'll be cool, I've always wanted to have grey hair, but I wouldn't want to dye it that colour.
AJIsAwesome: talk about a birthday present :D
MLP_Brovakiin: then that explains why your exited about a moped
DashWithRainbows Haha i know the feeling all to well,
MadSurge: IKR? :D
killerpony7733 You gettin' pissed on your 18th then?
Because I might.
DashWithRainbows Not a drinker~ but i'm certainly gonna enjoy a few drinks maybe and all
Dovah: Why is that :|
Ex Deus!
and suddenly Wrek is going to bumtaze all the bitches
BITCHES LOVE BUMTAZES
MLP_Brovakiin: I believe he means "pissed" as in drunk.
DashWithRainbows Nothing big is gonna be held for me but i'm surely gonna get a fair amount of money
my god that sounded so wrong
Wreky the wrecking ball gona viking his way to VALHALLA!
Not even 30 and already got some grey flecks in my red beard - though the grey got my cousin David around 28...and hes a little over a year older than me
I was afk what happened?
MLP_Brovakiin: in us most people drive dirt bikes and atvs around at like 12 or younger :P
Hipster-Pony: Lots. You're gonna have to either scroll up or be more specific :3
Wrek Aren't you getting the issue with moving fast again?
Are you a spider?
tSparx: I'll just watch this XD
Nice killerpony7733. I'll probably be gettig a new gaming mouse, some cash and maybe a large bottle of Jack D. Seeing that this laptop was an extremely early b-day present...
Haha, excited young teens talking about getting drunk on their 21st/18th birthday, hahaha.
jontron plays slender...]
I'm to lazy to read all those chats :P
Dovah: Oh, I have had a motor bike scince I was 13, but just not a road leagal one :P
tSparx: Not me. :P
i dont feel like playing anything right now
DashWithRainbows Well i could afford a pretty god damn powerful gaming laptop which costs about 20k in my currency
tSparx: have you had a drink called The Four Horsemen?
Bronysith: He did?
What's your currency?
:) My first time drinking is why I do my heavy drinking at home - helps to have a bar in walking distance ^_^
Mine is a pretty good one, got it for 330 from PC World.
Dovah: Nope. I don't really drink (except my love wine)
I'm thinking about it but i'm mostly getting alot of cash. DashWithRainbows DK(Danish Krones/crowns for english peps)
Wish they still served steaks though...
I domn
I don't drink either
:) but then again, the chef at the bar never marinated with whiskey
O__o more Deus Ex?
his voice kinda reminds me of cry
Well, if you have the cash, go for a gaming desktop.
those are some serious veins O_o
SHE UUUUGGGGGLLLYYY
Laptops are good and all, but it's bloody hard to upgrade them unlike desktops.
DashWithRainbows Sadly i lack alot of space for that laptop is my only and best option due to mobility and less size~
Fair enough.
I had to do the same.
Is this the original Deus Ex?
/me has never had steak. :D
But I'll be giving my mom this laptop when I get a good desktop.
too much beer
AJIsAwesome: You are missing out :P
MLP_Brovakiin: I know. :D
And by "doesn't taste like piss" I really mean "isn't beer," haha
MLP_Brovakiin: Do you ever smoke (not cigarettes, the other thing)?
AJIsAwesome: when you turn 21, I'll grill you one with my own recipe :)
DashWithRainbows I live in a horribly small apartment with three family members and yeah space in the room i loan is less then ideal
tSparx Don't drink Strongbow.
Cypresswolf: Okay. :)
It tastes horrible.
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/GargleBlaster
under real life section
And being a cider, you won't get that much of a buzz from it.
My sister brought me a bag of candy for my birthday. :3 om nom nom
Go for vodka, double shot it.
tSparx: Nope, I plan on never taking any drugs what so ever. besides my dad would kill me :P
I would drink a GargleBlaster in a heart-beat
I would too
Barbetos|AtWork: Nice.
tSparx: I cant yet :( or maybe thats a good thing :P
Agh!
MLP_Brovakiin: Well, either AJIsAwesome isn't missing out (my opinion), or you are.
I am so jelly. I really wanted that derpy AJIsAwesome =P
Dovah: Canna what?
Seeing your name reminds me
Speaking of double shots - I owe a few people some drink recipes :)
tSparx: drink a gargle blaster
tSparx: There is a difference between steak & drugs :|
Barbetos|AtWork: I'm sorry. I SERIOUSLY didn't know i would get it. :$
Do we have anything more specific than this? http://cheezburger.com/6568126464
killerpony7733 Ah, didn'tknow you would have that small of a space. I only have my own room since my bro moved out, so that's where the desktop is going to be. I can always hook up my TV screen to serve as an 2 screen for it.
Barbetos|AtWork: I NEVER win ANY raffles. :$
MLP_Brovakiin: Steak? I thought you were talking about drinking, kind sir, nvm!
Its cool. Your just really lucky. Its better that it is going to a Brony.
MLP_Brovakiin: Hahaha
bronystater
I got a coloring book at least lol
tSparx: Haha derp :P
Barbetos|AtWork: Thanks. It's kind of nice to win something everyonce in a while.
I got the Midnight magic people, Rina-chan, a few of the con people, Cypresswolf, MysteryBen to sign it.
I got some emails to write :D The looks I got from some I shared my pony drink book - They had no idea drink recipes were ponified at all
Barbetos|AtWork: Nice! :O
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Friendship is Magic Season 1 DVD Pre-orders hit #3 on Amazon
SafariMonkey: We can't even be sure that's legit -- really easy to put the Hasbro logo on something and post it up.
Anyone?
Cypresswolf: How could they not know? :D
How did I see the tweet before this post?
SafariMonkey: I will hear from the mouth of Hub or Hasbro, and no one else.
DashWithRainbows The living room is just next to this door frame and the bathroom and other bedroom is just about the same away too. and the kitchen yeah everything is so tight that the living room can be reached by just the few steps
tSparx: yeah I know
Hi
DashWithRainbows It gets really bad when we argue here at how we use the space and how everyone doesn't get enough space do this and that...
Ouch, that is a small apartment killerpony7733. That seems something I'd like if I lived by myself.
AJIsAwesome: I started searching when I first heard about the pony drinking game - first found 6 for the mane 6, then found ones for Spike, Trixie, & Vinyl Scratch....and the list kept growing
Hello again guys ^^
SafariMonkey: We'll know when we know, and trust me, you'll know when we know, because that's all we'll talk about all day. Every time someone logs on, "Hi SafariMonkey, did you hear we have the release date!?"
Litwick: Hi! :)
DashWithRainbows Yeah something like that. But three family members along with me and having little to no privacy is annoying as heck...
Hello Litwick :)
I would guess so.
DashWithRainbows It kinda prevents me from talking with friends on skype or something along those lines i get no use of my headset due to this~
Cypresswolf: The Spike one's probably the only one I haven't heard of before.
lol
hi
We did have it at some point where we had 2 families living in this house.
Heya Applejack2012
Not mention 3 of them were small kids.
And I really hate kids.
^
The most difficult one I found is called a Sonic Rainboom - a giant jello shooter that takes 6+ hours to make - you have to refridgerate after each layer to get the rainbow look
Cypresswolf: Wow. :O
Hi everypony :)
hi
cachi01|phone: Hello! :)
Never tried making one myself - though I'd like to try it, its not worth making a single one - its more for parties
Hello cachi01|phone :)
If you hate kids, start a sweat shop, that'll show em.
hi cachi01|phone
Panda|LOL: LOL :D
Oh my god Panda XD
^^
DashWithRainbows Mines three adults and me being the almost adult too. But yeah the size here gets to us at times cause we end up with arguements and bark at each other cause the size and all of it that kinda makes things diffucult at times
Panda|LOL XD
Panda LOLWUT
one liner Panda, at your service :)
whelp gtg guys I'll be back later
Goodbye Hipster-Pony
Wrek Set lam use silence weapon
later Hipster-Pony ^^
aww
Bye Hipster-Pony aww to later
:D I like how there's a time delay between you & your reflection
Late*
bye evrypony
bye Hipster-Pony
by Applejack2012
bye Applejack2012
Or like that
AppleDash: Bye!
Tab fail. :$
tab fail
AJIsAwesome: Tab fail?
XD
SafariMonkey: Typed in AppleDash. :$
AJIsAwesome: I didn't see your comment, I said it myself
AJIsAwesome: I was agreeing with you withought knowing
SafariMonkey: Ok.
Steam is good for the complection >_>
Now he is a real steam punk. GET IT!?
 c
HA!
Barbetos|AtWork: Oh, you! :P
Ninja Baseball Bat Man! :D
Ninja Baseball batman? Is that a new lego game?
cachi01|phone: It's an arcade game. :D
cachi01|phone: AVGN did a review of it.
cachi01|phone: ooold and insane arcade game :D
Ooooh yeah i remmber XD
Wrek are you using the inventory glitch? :P
Now i remember lol
inventory glitch?
What game is wrek playing
Deus Ex
cachi01|phone Deux Ex 1
Caramel: Do you keep up with the blind bags?
2,14 I bought the big box that one time, and either than that no
2,14 wish I did though
2,14 they're absolutely adorable

2,14 but meh...no money =/
Caramel: Somepony among us got a Caramel blind bag :)
2,14 didn't know he was in the blind bags now
2,14 rather awesome
2,14 sure wish I could get one...
Cypresswolf: Nice! Who was it?
'evening all
Long time no see
Globetrotter: Hi. :)
Goodevening Globetrotter
hi Globetrotter
I thought blind vags have written the name of the pony right below hidden in a corner
He was in the Blue bag set...forgot what name he's under...Barbetos knows :)
how are things Globetrotter
Bags*
cachi01|phone Dat typo
It's been quite the while since I've been on, anyone remember me?
I got a Fluttershy in mine
Globetrotter Name kinda rings a tiny bell
cachi01|phone: It's all in the bar code. The bar code represents the kind of pony.
Globetrotter youuuu aree uhmmm sorry......
Not bad alexxm, got a bit of food trouble earlier but good now
2,14 well, don't send me an image of it, otherwise my jealousy may take hold of my restraint
yo
^ Challenge Accepted :)
Inb4 image spam
hello
I'm eating bearpaws O_o
Heya Derp_Derp
Hello everypony
hi Derp_Derp
Hello lowfn
hi lowfn
Hi lowfn and derp
Derp_Derp: Hello! :)
lowfn: Hi! :)
merch page takes forever to load...
I see SuperBrony64 has gone down a number.
Hmm, SuperBrony63 ?
She's hawt!
lowfn: He lost a bit in the war, show some respect damnit :P
MLP_Brovakiin: Which war?
:P
Caramel: http://images4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20111126024453/mlp/images/8/85/Mystery_pack_4_Chance-A-Lot.jpg
lowfn: All of them, why not :D
2,14 the fuck?
2,14 that's not caramel
2,14 GET OUT OF MY CHAT
Lul
u mad
After the war they gave him the wrong body parts back. And now he's sexier than ever.
Wait a minute, is that a female eyelash?
Chance a lot...... XDDDDDD
:) what? He's got 3 horse shoes
2,14 yeah, lots of ponies recycle the same cutie mark
2,14 it's not uncommon
Ikr
2,14 For example: Cogate and Dr. Whooves
2,14 Colgate(
2,14 ****
twilight has the same cutie as her mom
Can FIM legally use the name Caramel for the toy?
Colgate has also a sand clock cutie mark?
Or Hasbro rather
What if apple sues them
RoboGerbil: Guess it runs in the family.
2,14 considering that's what they called him in the show? Uh...I would think so
Time turner is dr whooves real name
and i killed chat
yes you did you jerk
Nope~
13oh hey
Silence will fall!
Nope.AVI
waaaaah
13torchlight 2 unlocks september 20
I am torn between watching stream, reading a book or playing skyrim...

I wonder is borderlands 2 gonna be streamed when it gets out?
Dovah: Multitask. :P
who all preordered torchlight2?
Dovah why not all 3
i know i did
Dovah, why not all three?
Im watching stream, listening to Wooden Toaster and playing Minecraft at the same time
13i might stream black mesa if i get to it first
Read a book in skyrim and watch the stream
Shizuka Oh yeah it's like within 4 days?
cachi01|phone: lol
13yep 4 days to BMS
13another 3 for torchlight 2
lowfn: lies you know your just watching pron
13fall game season is here
BMS yay
There are some wonderbolts in blind bag series 7 and now there are 2 images for series 8
RoboGerbil: Then I wouldnt be speaking, now would I?
Shizuka Gotta say 10 hours for just a good portion of BMS is pretty darn impressive
depends.. is it pony r34?
Hello Shizuka! :)
Pron..... Is that like tron r34 or wut
13killerpony7733: yeah but how much will be padding, how much is normal gameplay, and how much is standing around going OOOO I RECOGNIZE THIS PART :3
cachi01|phone: Another way for saying porn
05i need hay
05gnight
i know......
:D buffering yay
/me 13gives wrek a bale of hay
Wrek: Night! :)
Night Wrek
night Wrek :)
Sleep well Wrek
/me tucks Wrek into bed
13oh right i wanted to get a picture of this
Good night Wrek
bye Wrek
/me says good night
Allo everyone.
Hi Meanwhile
Heya Meanwhile :)
hi Meanwhile
how are things Meanwhile
Hey Meanwhile
Hmm is borderlands 2 on any of the streamers agenda for when it gets out?
/me wishes he could livestream for the bronies, but he doesn
Hi Meanwhile
DOH
Cypresswolf: Did you and Barbetos see that poster advertising a brony themed convention at the Rennesaince fair?
killerpony7733 allegr0 and gigabit
>Arrive
/me throws a shark at Meanwhile
>Stream turns off.
/me wishes he could livestream for the bronies, but he doesn't know how and he has to do homework
T^T
*renaissance*
cachi01|phone Oh
Hi Applejack2012
Dusty You aren't a mod so~
Bad Luck Meanwhile
/me wonders if he should start the sequal to Nittany Discord's first adventure
hi
AJIsAwesome: Yep, I got a flier for it - I've known about the Ren fest meetup since the Finale meetup in Houston
Hey again Applejack2012
killerpony7733 I know :(
i would stream, but them mods dont like me enough
Hai Applejack2012
Cypresswolf: Okay. I'll see if I can make it to that.
i would stream badgers 10 hour loop :)
05RoboGerbil: its not that
05you're jstu not a mod
05hence
05no streaming
05SIMPLE
05FACT
TCAF
Wrek Well that and they haven't shown they are qualified for it
Do you guys think I need to start the sequel to Nittany Discord's first adventure?
Wrek: meh most of the mods started by not being mods
I'm going to be making stuff for the sims in school 8)
05RoboGerbil: hm?
lowfn i didnt even knew about the first one lol
Damn Derp
loo
05work your way to the mod posission
RoboGerbil Yeah but they got to this point by proving themselfs.
05then you may stream
05untill then
What wrek said
05no streaming
Did that work?
AJIsAwesome: I was thinking about making a reservation for the King's Feast - always wanted to do that - wonder if there's still room available
05still a smiple fact
I will find out how to beccome a mod
Make sure you can spell position by the time you get there though~
MASF123: Not a good idea
after I finish my math homework
Wrek Yeppers~
Cypresswolf: Me too. I'm going to heck and see.
05and now
*check*
SafariMonkey, I lost connection
05i will fall asleep to the comedical marvel that is eddie izzard
They let you do that?
Dusty since they are not.asking.for.more.mods.right now u cant be mod
Nittany Discord's first adventure http://www.fimfiction.net/story/44655/Nittany-Discord%27s-first-adventure
Night, Wrek
Dusty Can't unless they setup a application for it cause they are in no need of actual new mods. So till the day they announce they do you aren't getting anywhere soon
MASF123: Mods don't always like short nicks
lowfn: lol wut?
MASF123: I use notanick
AWWW DANG
lowfn: Didn't he read that on a stream once :D
notanick?
SafariMonkey, I LOST CONNECTION I wasn't trying to be a mod.
yup
13http://i.imgur.com/ceOAV.jpg
MASF123: never mind
AJIsAwesome: It's $99 advance pay O_o
lowfn: and theres 4 chaperts already!??
WHo wants to be a mod, their job is hard as crap.
Shizuka: Thats awesome!
Cypresswolf: Oh, wow. :O
I want that Apple Cider
Shizuka: Dat Cider.
Shizuka ITS REAL!
RoboGerbil: Its finished
Yea
RoboGerbil: I'm wonderinf if I should make a sequel
wondering*
Lucky :P
Slow internet won't let me see it. :|
I'm in independent study CAD so I'm allowed to do anything I want
You need to go to school and study to become a mod. >_>
AJIsAwesome: Although...that menu O_O http://www.texrenfest.com/festival-feasting/king%E2%80%99s-feast
/me sets Shizuka on fire
I am on Fire! o_0
lowfn: what you should do is get a group of friends and play roleplaying is magic, then just post the session logs
Owww...aw owch
haha
MASF123 Dont forget the bronystate gold account for.just 40$ >_>
/me jumps into water
/me pours water on the chat
RoboGerbil: Roleplaying is magic? What be this?
Can you kill people? Are you allowed to do that?
Yes
awesome :P
http://www.mlprim.com/s2e/
https://fbcdn-sphotos-d-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/392047_426440037393859_1782000611_n.jpg
^ not found
Cypresswolf: WOW. :O
cchi01|phone the same one SB64 has been advertising for the last 6 months?
yes
cachi01|phone
I'm laughing so hard at this :P
[You require a Bronystate Gold account to view this message]
haha I just saw this http://cheezburger.com/6564408832
Damn i need the Meanwhile DLC
Meanwhile: Meanwhile is being Meanwhile
Goddamn it. :|
....Considering it....:) You know, I dont need to camp out anyways
Silly, Meanwhile isn't DLC
I could just as easily sleep in the car
He's limited edition content.
That comes out as DLC later
=P
/me sets Meanwhile on fire
I come with the collectors edition.
whats the differance it all becomes DLC later
Parents house in Conroe is at least an hour from there
13for want of a mcdonalds applejack
wow I am pwning at the not study game, I better fix that.
goodbye
13all i have is twi and cheerilee..
13not even a berry punch to get drunk
bye Dusty
Could not find any AJ too at McD
Shizuka: I could give you a spare :) I have 7 full sets and plenty more spares
Shizuka: DO they still have the toys at the Mcdonald's you have?
Cheerilee's a whooooore.
Stupid England Mcdonalds didn't even stock MLP toys :|
13nah stopped ages ago
I wonder what bronystate 3.0 Collectors edition wil have
bye Dusty do your homework :)
Meanwhile such language
I have the AJ from McDonalds.
:(
Barbetos|AtWork: English.
13cheerilee keeps my collection of tiny supposed-to-resemble-gemstones from arizona safe
She is the Ponyville teacher. SHe is a staple of society.
Cheerilee is NOT.
cachi01|phone it will have a fine collection of porn
How do I get Bronystate golden premiumaccount?
13http://i.imgur.com/HSYGY.jpg
/me wishes he was a brony before they stopped selling the MLP toys. :(
/me preorders
/me has all the McDonalds ponies except Pinkie and Fluttershy
She also works the red light at the school, late in the evenings.
I own RD and PP from McD
Shizu: Cheerilee's got fish eyes in that pic.
I hate it when chat derps. :|
i own you
That is why she does not need a specail somepony.
You need to pay $40 to type in colored font and an extra hundred to put the "@" next to your name.
Applejack2012: Servitude to whatever the mods want for however long they want >_>
13ikr
13also had flash off so is more blurry
AJIsAwesome: Us England bronys didn't even get a chance! :(
Cheerilees a fiiiiiiiish.
To get mod powers, it will cost you an extra $200.00
13the state of disaster on my desk hasn't much changed in the months since taking that pic >>
/me hugs MLP_Brovakiin "It's okay."
throws all my money at tghe chat
the
A fish that teaches 2 dictionaries and a chicken
:3
Ebay is your friends.
hey guys whats up
Heya Moopy
hey
Hi
What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable?
is there a stream going on now?
The wheelchair.
Hey Moopy
hi Moopy
White dots and gray dots Moopy, white does and gray dots.
hi
Meanwhile eating it
hi Moopy :)
Meanwhile: No. Just....no
hi yall
Meanwhile: Escaping the farm you stole it from :P
jow are things Moopy
/me douses Meanwhile in a l4d2 sewer level
Meanwhile: so wrong
whos jow?
Wrong but still made me laugh.
he meant how Moopy
oh ok
how are things Moopy
Meanwhile: true
good you guys good
I.dont see whats wrong in that lol
Did you read the answer to the question cachi01|phone?
the wheelchair
I DONT GET IT
Cachi01: a vegetable is someone who is on life support
/me smacks.his head against a wall
13to be in a vegetative state is to be basically braindead
yeah
13which would typically put you in a wheelchair
Ooooh i get it.............
Lol
Meanwhile: Haha :D
Kinda loses the setup when you have to explain it.
13most jokes do
Eeyup.
Eesip
Let's try an easier one.
Meanwhile: but seriously, not funny. I had a cousin who was brain dead just about
A man walks into a bar.
Ow.
13three men walk into a bar
13the third ducks
hey guys :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ddp1pf_MB8
Ba dum tss
hi Sketch_Toku_Brony
Heya Sketch_Toku_Brony :)
hi Sketch_Toku_Brony
You skipped the two.
Holy asian titties!
Hello bronystate
hi Sketch
hi
Hello HoodyNinja :P
Hi HoodyNinja :)
So i was playing midmight club LA and i can't deliver this musle car cause the time keeps runing out the last minute what should i do guys?
Hi HoodyNinja
how are things Sketch_Toku_Pony and HoodyNinja
Moopy get better at the game
/me gives MLP_Brovakiin, cachi01|phone, PillowPoni|Phone, and alexxm a muffin
Good, good
hmmm i don't know dude
I forgot to go to school today :s
HoodyNinja: No muffin for me? :(
Thanks HoodyNinja :)
/me eats.cellphone.and uses muffin.to chat
/me gives AJIsAwesome a muffin machine
no Muffin for me?:(
cachi01|phone: :D
I seriously need to punch Gen's mom in the face.
Yay
Yay! :)
/me gives AJIsAwesome his muffin & thelonepony
:D
do you guys know what i did in my school?
yay!
/me returns muffin MLP_Brovakiin "It's yours. You take it."
yay
Moopy: What?
Thanks AJIsAwesome :3
So, my stream is busted, right?
I SAID GOOD DAY, SIR!
Could be.
PillowPoni|Phone: Good day. :)
good day!
Bad day!
Right-ho, chaps!
Oh PillowPoni|Phone
AJIsAwesome, Applejack2012 lol
Oh man, I have a massive headache from listening to music that is too loud :S
MASF123; Dat Willy Wonka
Huh?
I was in Anchorage Alaska and i went to Mears high school i guess during lunch time i used to snah choclate muffin
MLP_Brovakiin: wub wub
PillowPoni|Phone you so silly
i mean snag
My mind is too dirty for that statement
YOU GET NOTHING. YOU LOSE. GOOD DAY, SIR.
MLP_Brovakiin i listen.to.metal almost all day
And no headaches :)
I listen to any music I can
My stream sucks, it's not working.
cachi01|muffin: Do you do it at nearly full volume? :P
Eeyup :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFce4BtRlVA
Full volume to be exact
no stream is up right now MASF123
So i went into my teachers class room and i was making sure that 1 of the teachers weren't looking so i snaged a choclate muffin and ate it
ello everypony
Hey Freefall29
Hi Freefall29! :)
hi Freefall29
>_> I knew that.
cachi01|muffin: This is the first time I have got a headache from music though, It may be because I feel a bit shitty :(
U stole a muffin. So hardcore
stream going on?
hi
Hey Freefall29
nnope
>_> Yes a stream is up.
hi
enoie
Howdy y'all!
enope
hi Everlasting_Joy
Heya Everlasting_Joy
Hey Everlasting_Joy
Allo Everlasting_Joy.
MLP_Brovakiin are u.dizzy or tired? That might be the reason :)
i'm not getting a stream however. what's playing
hi
Hi everlasting_joy!
hi Everlasting_Joy
hi Freefall29
Everlasting_Joy: Hi! :)
Hey
So, who wants to hear a terrible joke?
Yo tough
Howdy BladedWings, MLP_Brovakiin, SafariMonkey, Meanwhile, cachi01|muffin, thelonepony and AJIsAwesome!
cachi01|muffin: Somewhat, I think I also have a chest infection coming on :(
ALL the people join!
MEMMEMMME
yeah i stole a muffin while my teachers were not even looking
Everlasting_Joy: thats a mouth full lol
Hi Bronies/ponies! :)
I need some more heroin from you Tough.
hi
Hey, whats worse than a beesting?
BladedWings: The tab button is a friend of mine :).
dat wall of greetings
MLP_Brovakiin damn go with a doctor dude just to be.sure
Blaurgh!
i used to do that a couple times
aka, Hello
Everlasting_Joy: true lol but it can also be an enemy XD
Mrs tough is a troll
Ass ketchum lol
/me hugs Pikachu
Ass_Ketchum: Really?
No I'm not
cachi01|muffin: I have exams soon and need to be in school :/
If only Africa had more mosquito nets, then every year we could save millions of mosquitoes from dying of AIDS.
BladedWings: MmHmm, I've been there.
Why are you saying these things?
And she supported Israel
Anyone getting a stream?
Everlasting_Joy: same lol
AJIsAwesome: nnope
i'm not getting a stream
AJIsAwesome: nope.avi
no
That's because the stream is off.
Freefall29: I don't think there is one.
yes >_>
stream just died tonight
ok good. ad block plus didn't block the stream. :)
hey guys you know the cans i was talking about i cleaned out my computer desk
How is everyone?
What are you talking about.guys? Wrek is streaming the HL3 demo >_>
speaking of half-life, black mesa comes out this week. thursday I think
cachi01|muffin: Well played :).
it comes out in 3 days
Freefall its going.to be so awesome
So there is a stream going on?
I should play Half Life at some point.
I thought the Black Mesa mod was out
I should. But I never will.
i need to refresh
Meanwhile: you really should, its awesome
I'm sure it is but I really don't care.
Hey Sumica
i guess not then
Hey Wrek
Moopy theres a HL3 stream
Demo
13i discovered Half Life Source is too old a version of source to do fullscreen noborder which is laaaame
Trolling is against the rules cachi.
/me hides
im a big fan of halo dude
Meanwhile: It is?
/me puts Freefall29 in a full nelson
/)_=
Moopy: do you have half-life 2 or another source engine game?
i have most all the games dude
He probably doesn't even know what you just said.
Shizuka, really? O_o I thought you could fullscreen HL
Moopy: well you can get black mesa, its a remake of half-life and its free.
Moopy!!!!
13fullscreen noborder is a different thing
oh.
all the source engine games? Yeah sure
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Comic: Waiting Games / Dash's Insanity / Mountain Monologue Part 3
is it only for PC's
yes
then i don't have it
I think its supposed to work on mac.
13rather than fullscreen, which hijacks the GPU threads for that entire screen (leading to flashes as you alt tab in or out), it's a window exactly as big as your monitor, and without the titlebar or border controls
How can you have all source engines.and all half life.games if you dont have the PC ones?
well i have a sony compaq valo computer system
Im going to try making a 4x normal scale rainbow dash in plastic
SuperBrony63: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1zbGFGQTq0&feature=player_embedded Are you seeing this?
cachi01|muffin: attention whore
13so looks no different from fullscreen at native resolution, except you can alt-tab fluently as though it were any other window
Moopy: ok nvm then. the offical website says it atm only supports windows. sorry
Is it me or is chat terribly pointless today?
its all good dude
/me puts Freefall29 in a full nelson
13one downside is vista and up use a full time desktop compositing method that renders your desktop similar to how dedicated graphics programs do, so there's some extra overhead of the compisitor having to incorporate the game window, rather than the game having full control
/me begs for mercy
Meanwhile: it isn't time for fun yet
Meanwhile: We just haven't found a good topic to discuss yet.
/me puts Freefall29 in a figure 4 leglock as well
13but if you have a card that supports source well in the first place, the problem is pretty much nonexistent
Heh dat big shizuka mod talk
AJIsAwesome: we are talking about half-life and ponies. that's pretty awesome to me
http://www.dorkly.com/comic/39493/the-most-beautiful-thing-in-the-world FUCK YES
Shizuka first i need a pc lol
Shizuka: Now you just need someone who actually wants to read all that.
Shizuka have you seen this http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=90937159
Title on steamcommunity.com: Steam Workshop :: The Cremator's Cowl
Bronysith thats one fucking lucky guy
Cause i have this wall paper that i have right now is a Halo Reach for my wall paper guys
Bronysith: so true man. so true.
13ooo
chrono trigger is just so
...
perfect
howdy everypony
Howdy
Hello Michael :)
i'm up voting this collection http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=92981519
Title on steamcommunity.com: Steam Workshop :: Night of the Living Update 2
it looks so good
/me sets Michael on fire
Michael: hi
Bronysith: its perfect indeed, one of my favorite RPGs, favorite game... that's up to debate
/me hugs Moopy MLP_Brovakiin Bronysith
Yo Michael wassup
awwww thanks
i'm oon fireeee
how are things Michael
final fantasy 6,7 and chrono trigger are all tied for 1st, they are all amazing
/me compression blasts Michael
Sonic Shyboom
hi Michael
hi
/me hugs alexxm HoddyNinja thelonepony
alexxm: good :) you?
I <3 hugs
ALL the links!
flutter_spin: you sonof bitch
lol
Hey admin are you watching my carefully chat text?
That's a neat pile of stuff.
wut?
/me hugs Freefall29
i'm good Michael
flutter_spin ALL DEM PONIES *pukes rainbow*
/me hugs thelonepony :3 "mee to"
Bronysith: You grammer death
HEY you guys are in my copmuter
Quack
Could work that cowl better though, the drape around the gas mask portion reminds me of bloodhound cheeks.
better stay away from my very safe and secure operating system
:3
flutter_spin: wow dat is a lot of figures
No, Bronysith, we are all just only figments of your imagination
Bronysith: you're on windows buddy. stop lying.
/me abuses HoodyNinja
just all the essential blind bag figures
Yay! Abuse!
Hey guys EA are even bigger money whores noe http://derpy.me/sqaHJ look!
*now
rather he said he was going to go out to do things
13let me guess, that link is the story about EA offering $1bil for valve?
Bronysith u r in my phone............ Stay away from the.folder that says absolutely not r34
flutter_spin: NOT valve!
also, hello everyone
13yep
i mostly want this for obvious reasons http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=93958849
Shizuka: Damn right!
Title on steamcommunity.com: Steam Workshop :: Loss of witches(Bastinda_2012)
hi Ryunosuke :)
ohai Ryunosuke
hi
gabe newell is a very wise man.
valve will burn before EA buys it
/me goes into cachi01|muffin s r34 file
13gaben's already gone on record today saying he'd see valve disintegrate first than be swallowed up by a bigger company
Hello Ryunosuke
OH GOD WHY
Ryunosuke: Hello~
TOLD YA
13that and there's a report from a securities firm that valve is worth closer to $2.5bil
Because it looks like an evil version of the one you currently use?
Worth the weight
that and it's paintable
Bronysith: You think I'm going to write fanfics without some action figures to play out the scenes?
dat worth
Awesome.
flutter_spin: what scenes? one of my OCs walking into his r34 thing?
lol
well valve provides a unique service to the gaming industry, one that others try to emulate, but fail at (EA I AM LOOKING AT YOU)
Shizuka: Given Activision or EA would swallow Valve up, that's probably a good thing, that Valve would go down first.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASNMQwcbax8 this brought tears to my face
oh hey Everlasting_Joy
didnt know you were here
EA discussion? Where is Nitt!
ohai Everlasting_Joy
hi
Hey Bronysith! I have just been a little quiet, listening to some pony music.
/me sets Everlasting_Joy ablaze
/me 's hair is on fire!
2,14 now he's just Everlasting_Fire
HoodyNinja: Ikr
Halo 4 is the best
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84PZbL_-jjU
NO! Bad Bronysith! Go sit in the corner and think about what you've done!
Mah hair is on fire! Mah hair is on fire!. . .
2,14 Best youtube loop ever
My hair lipped vampire.
Everlasting_Fire: *pours water on head*
Howdy Michael!
everypony is the best in the chatroom right now
/me hugs Everlasting_Fire
hug
Moopy: we all are the best
Thanks MadSurge :).
eeyup
I want Dark Souls Prepare to Die so bad :(
Bronysith, are you a Pyro now? You've been setting people on fire lately...
Dovah: then buy it
/me sandmans PillowPoni|Phone
Bronysith: i'm poor
Hey Madsurge!
Dovah: he's not a pyro.... he's a spy
Dovah: Steal it from your cousin
"Rainbow Dash plays N64" Oh I must watch this video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_dKQ0hxuSY&feature=youtube_gdata_player cutiemark.exe has encounter a critical.error
Dovah: get a job, or do something about it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQRmDcAvjAQ
13PillowPoni|Phone: he just wants my attention http://fav.me/d5ea77s
Bronysith: school started cant work anymore
Let it burn let it burn.let.it burn
Lol Shizuka
Shizuka: is there anything that ponies won't go perfectly with?
Shizuka: im still on fire from our last tf2 match
Freefall29: porn?
fire of our friendship
Ponies are just like guile's theme
/me fluffs and crawls into a corner to lurk
They.fit with everything
/me glomps PillowPoni|Phone :3
/me kidnaps Freefall29
Even if they shouldn't.
/me licks alexxm
/me noogies Bronysith
all the /me
Because frankly sticking ponies everywhere is terribly annoying.
/me pepper sprays alexxm.
Hey guys about few last days and nights was i listining to the mod sounds or what?
/me sets a tonberry on alexxm
/me wiggles
Shizuka: I like your OC :)
ah what the hell Freefall29
whats a tonberry Bronysith
alexxm: you didn't get my consent before you tried to kidnap me
Wild Thornberry?
alexxm: http://lmgtfy.com/?q=tonberry
/me releases PillowPoni|Phone drom his grasp, Sorry pal :3
alexxm: strong Final Fantasy enemy
Meanwhile: Agreed.
why lol?
Bronysith WHAT KIND.OF.SORCERY WAS THAT :O
ok Freefall29 can i kidnap you
cachi01|muffin: the interwebz. a very dark magic
/me has just recovered from a blackout
Man Tara Stronge made so many voice in each most of the shows i hope she doesn't over load with alot of stuff going on right now
Welcome back lowfn :)
da magiks
Stronge
wb
Stronge
dat is a nice page Bronysith
Sigh. It's like reading a school chat window.
Wb lowfn
/me puts Meanwhile in a full nelson
alexxm: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3zNjQecyjE8
damn you internet, i will get you some how
/me has never played a FF game and hides under her blanket while awaiting the angry mob
bleep hello
/me licks PillowPoni|Phone
wb lowfn
wb
I played FF7 once and I thought it was stupid.
/me pokes Bronysith
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umDr0mPuyQc&feature=youtube_gdata_player
Meanwhile: understandable
NO GOD
PillowPoni|Phone: its ok. we still like you.
NOOO
aw why not Freefall29
dati is a classic cachi01|muffin
Freedall29, so I won't get tarred and feathered in front of chat?
PillowPoni|Phone: don't worry you are not alone :P
MLP_Brovakiin /)
trixie walked into a barn, and saw Meanwhile sitting on the hay, "trixie is intrigued" she says as she closes the barn door behind her, she then proceeds to bring out a gag and restraints as she trots over to the helpless Meanwhile as she....im sorry what was i talking about?
i still need to play FF 6 and 7
Hey guys my mom put this thing on the calender that says "The world ends" or something do you think its going to end guys? cause im just a little bit scared about it
PillowPoni|Phone: it's not that much of a big deal :D
PillowPoni|Phone: (\ :D
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FIY41LrvMFQ
cachi01|muffin: ff6 first
hi Cades
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1zbGFGQTq0 could not stop laughing.
Moopy: Of course not.
^
Depends where she's put it.
http://i.imgur.com/7hR8j.gif
then Trixie met AJ while Seth approves
If it's set for a few million years then yeah.
PillowPoni|Phone: you can download an emulator and try final fantasy 6. the games are never connected so you don't have to play the first one.
MadSurge: almost all of my friends have played the FF games, or at least some
Oh.......ok cause my mom put it there and i was asking about it
i was like that when my electricty went out for three days cachi01|muffin
PillowPoni|Phone: final fantasy 6 is the best one easily
Soooo MvM anyone ?
PillowPoni|Phone: but chrono trigger kicks its ass 6 ways from sunday
OK guys I'm off to bed
Bronysith: replace Meanwhile with otakon and Trixie with dari-bot
hey is it ok to talk about cancer in here or no?
Night night SafariMonkey!
Gnight SafariMonkey
Moopy: It depends
Bronysith: woah there man. I can accept 6 being better then 7. but chrono trigger better....
thelonepony 3 DAYS?? Oh god
Goodnight SafariMonkey
SafariMonkey: Night! :)
Why would you want to talk about cancer.
SafariMonkey: bye man
Should i talk about or no?
Freefall29: combining attacks, argument is invalid
night Everlasting_Joy and Michael and MLP_Brovakiin and AJIsAwesome and Freefall29
i know :( three days without ponies
What do you mean should you? Like anyone fucking knows what you intend to say.
Michael: I refuse to believe Pinkie would give up that easily :D
Love you all!
Bronysith: kefka man. your argument is invalid.
:)
Damn i gotta clean house, later guys
Cba.
thelonepony how old are you
What's up?
thelonepony damn what happened? Did a lightning struck anything? Or what?
cya
MadSurge: i think joker and pinkie is the perfect smile team
Freefall29: chrono trigger has the best combat system though
/me makes it rain popcorn in the chat
bye Applejack2012
15 alexxm
not much....
how about you?
/me starts to collect popcorn
Bronysith: but final fantasy 6 has a fantastic story, characters you love (even kefka), awesome music. chrono trigger is fantastic but not as good as ff6
thelonepony ok you made it 15 years without ponies i'm sure you can take 3 days
thelonepony: Same high five!
chcolate milk
hey i was wondering does the paintchat ever work or what?
/me wont get into the religious fight incoming
Oh he went
cachi01|muffin a lightning hit the generaters of our town
Left*
youtube
hi
religious fight? wait, i come with popcorn!
how are things puffmuffins
ohai puffmuffins
RELIGIOUS GAMER FIGHT TIME
sorry im just asking alot of questions
woah, better get out my flame war shield
good
Michael: Hmm? What fight?
"Ace Attorney BGM begins playing"
And now the religious fight starts....
hi
TO ALL FINAL FANTASY FANS
TOLDYA
shit storm starting in 3.... 2.... 1....
KEFKA VS SEPHIROTH
HIDE!!!!!!!!!!
AJIsAwesome: religious fight!
Bronysith: kefka.
Heya God_The_Atheist
i like pie
ohai God_The_Atheist
This conversation is going to be stupid isn't it.
its just the rain donkey
God_The_Atheist: i liek your name
Meanwhile: *?
thanks
:D
God_The_Atheist: your name is pretty lulzy, I'll give you that.
now if it wasent a well known fact i god am an atheist
It's about a couple of mediocre JRPG's so ofc it is, pardon me for asking silly questions.
Meanwhile: have you even played chrono trigger?
Bitch please. :|
Cba ?
Lord_Smooze: HA
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ga-AmCkHAnM
Family guy is the funnest show ever
So now God, Satan and an atheist god have visited.bronystate....
/me murders moobull69
wrong guy
Moopy, nope.
Things are gettinf very fucked up
/me murders Moopy
Moopy: try harder to troll
i was actually go to
Michael: It is a saying >_(\ you said religios fight and someone called God_The_Atheist joins :P
god to
Can't be arsed.
MLP_Brovakiin: oh ok :)
i was both god an satan at one point here on bronystate
Family Guy is funny? HA :|
"Luna began to lick twillights fur, moistening it as she kissed along her body, slowly reaching down her smooth thighs into her" im sorry what were we talking about?
Umm no im not going to be a troll again or i will be kicked banned and i don't want that
MLP_Brovakiin we have iris so we know when.someone joins before he talks
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhjk5x54bsE what did I just watch?
Bronysith: :D
MLP_Brovakiin his first name was just Atheist
God chat is laying on the stupid really thick tonight.,
flutter_spin, a great video
cachi01|muffin: Oh ok :)
this loading show is pretty epic isnt it
so addicting and awesome
I'm no longer a brony. I'm a buffery.
flutter_spin, I know, I have been before
http://i.imgur.com/JwwqF.jpg
haha Meanwhile :D
sumica is always ALWAYS on
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RmN2tB2EGYI
Oh my gosh I'm soooooo bored.
www.google.com
also flutter_spin Phoenix Scratch
llol flutter_spin ikr
http://i47.tinypic.com/fa0cqq.png
d
Bronysith, I think I know that manga
Also Edge Punk
Freefall29: except that i dont know what his voice sounds like
Bam Margera what will he do next?
Phoenix Scratch and EdgePunk
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LqbgBRBRnrE&feature=related brony car work!
/me kidnaps twilight_sprinkle as punishment for not knowing who fransworth is
twilight_sprinkle: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1D1cap6yETA
whos fransworth?
alexxm: where are you taking me D:
and alexxm kidnaps somepony again
twilight_sprinkle i have no idea
Ladies and gentlemen. I only have one question for you.
Where is Harvey Dent?
i think its murder time
alexxm: It is farnsworth, not frans :P
shoot
MLP_Brovarkiin thanks
BlazeAngel sending someone to die on exile maybe
I... uh... adult Derpy saucy makeover at Rarity's? EQD! Stop that!
wtf
im gonna go for a walk
/me hates not having her computer working
cachi01|muffin: You remind me of my second cousens aunt. I hated my second cousins aunt.
a very enthusiastic walk
what flutter_spin
its not even tagged! I guess it can't be that bad
BlazeAngel u r welcome :)
lol
oh boy
BronyDanceParty
a long while..
Daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaamn, its been a whil;e since I've been here. Busy drawing I guess. New mods? I think.
and then EQD turned EQDAD
wut
/me hits her head repeatedly on the wall
/me pets twilight_sprinkle
BlazeAngel nope. The same old good mods :)
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2012/09/drawfriend-stuff-561.html #20
cachi01|muffin: Dem mods changin' names.
*sigh* Stupid EQD
/me puts a pillow in front of PillowPoni|Phone's head :P
alexxm: let me goooo :<
lol
BlazeAngel eeyup. Caramel is Valthejean
/me continues banging her head
Meanwhile: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4rciGK095EM this should cheer you up
/me tickles twilight_sprinkle
Seen it.
flutter_spin: and?
Meanwhile: okay goodies
/me bites alexxm and runs off
I'll be back in a little while
/me shoves cachi01|muffin into a middle school locker room shower and blocks the door with Chucnk Norris. "Have fun"
/me glomps PillowPoni|Phone Stop that right now :(
which means it probably should be tagged there as well
flutter_spin: doesnt seem to have anything sexual
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6G4aRhIgrqI
ello everypony :)
/me gives chuck norris some.ponies
nothing sexual? hardy har
Bronysith LOL the lyp sinc is so accurate
MLP_Brovakiin: but my boredoooom. I've gone insane from not being able to use my computer because I can't afford a charger or a hard drive
Stop! You violated the law! Pay me 9001$ or pay in your blood! (Because you can sell it now)
sooo normal then ?
pings <3
PillowPoni|Phone: Oh man that sucks :(
>:3
Brb playing some battlefield 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TtL58HCAkKE&feature=related
woot woot bf3 :$
MLP_Brovakiin; yes it does. I miss going to sleep with my laptop on and stream going
Sadly.
AJIsAwesome: dr. zoidberg is best pony... or lobster alien. whatever.
AJIsAwesome: Haha I <3 zoidberg :D
^^
PillowPoni|Phone: Thats happend to me to many times :P
AjIsAwesome u linked a video? Why not zoidberg (\/)OwO(\/)
Anyone up for some MINECRAFT? I am hosting a Hunger games thing with about 3 of my IRL friends, your welcome to join.
minceraft you say?
BlazeAngel: if i knew how to join i would (i newish to minecraft)
oh god
Also, I remember saying I have a Girlfriend in a skype group, and they were like "He has a girlfriend! HE'S NOT ONE OF US! *Kicked*"
this was so bad
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W_1v-16kt3s&list=UUhcBFcAWmGjN4DJdnnhz2mA&index=16&feature=plcp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zh5knx1Bt64
http://derpy.me/38Ya7
Link wall. ;.;
Bronysith: Thats mean :S
lol Homer
dem simpsons
MLP_Brovakiin: NO SHIT
Everyone post a Twilight Sparkle Face! Its not spam if we all do it once!
flutter_spin: that's classic simpsons. not the new stuff that sucks
:)
Did anyone else hear about Adam Sandler dying?
:)
what! :O
:$
flutter_spin WHAT?!
flutter_spin: One can hope :P
not adam sandler ;__;
THE ONLY REASON GEN'S MOM DOESN'T WANT HER HERE IS BECAUSE THE PHONE HERE DOESN'T HAVE A BLOCK ON IT AND SHE CAN'T TRUST HER OWN DAUGHTER, THE LEAST SHE COULD DO IS ADMIT IT!!!
I'm trying to look into it. Someone said it was a hoax.
*Cough* Team Jacob *Cough* *Is trampled by Twilight fags. ;.;*
All I know is our plumber got a text from his wife about it. I'm checking the facts. That's why I asked.
BlazeAngel: Team Alucard is the way to go
oh god
OMG.... ITS SUPERBRONY63! :o
this post
is so wrong
on so many leveles
/me glomps SuperBrony63
ohai SuperBrony63
http://derpy.me/YN6Rx
lmao
Y
Oh god, my mom has the downstairs tv and the tv in her room both on the same channel again....
Y WOULD SOEMONE MAKE THAT?!
Pyro's worst enemy: http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_2CDhgej55D4/TEZkt4u-HYI/AAAAAAAAAHY/fiMNKafuegY/s1600/Pyro+Fire+Hydrant.jpg
hmm
Ima wanna play Monarch of Madness with someone. :(
umm because i'm jesus?
http://urbanlegends.about.com/b/2012/09/10/still-not-dead-adam-sandler.htm Well that clears things up
question
ohai SuperBrony63
hi SuperBrony63
Bronysith: http://www.google.com/imgres?q=welcome+to+4chan&hl=en&biw=1366&bih=602&tbm=isch&tbnid=mTBcf2FUdyXSPM:&imgrefurl=http://www.funnyjunk.com/funny_gifs/3170300/Welcome%2Bto%2B4chan/&docid=Ph_Bq68GWdYIZM&imgurl=http://static.fjcdn.com/gifs/Welcome%252Bto%252B4chan%252B.%252Bwe%252Bwill%252Bbe%252Byour%252Bguides_ac1fe9_3169856.gif&w=536&h=301&ei=yWxOUMOHF4qk9AT6xYGABA&zoom=1&iact=hc&vpx=84&vpy=321&dur=1738&hovh=16
MLP_Brovakiin; the original charger is gone because the wires are broken. The universal charger doesn't work anymore unless I have it a certain way
dat wall
what would happen ifyou put sunscreen on a vampire and stick him in the sun?
:)
dat link
Suddenly, EVERYONE posts at once.
try bitly
thelonepony: yeah. major derp. 6_9
hi
That sucks.
It sounds like an evil demon from planet anus
lol. I bet Adam Sandler was saying "I'm dead? What?"
lol
what?
You guys seen those MC Esher Impossible BS things in minecraft?
PillowPoni|Phone: Thats realy crappy, sorry to hear that :(
Today has pretty much sucked all day
Uuuuhhh guys I'm going to bed
Goodnight!
Goodnight MadSurge
MLP_Brovakiin; next time I get some money, ill probably buy a charger if I have enough
night MadSurge
Night MadSurge
night MadSurge.
And now Gen's mom won't let her give her boyfriend a birthday present...
Gnight MadSurge
4chan is a neccassry evil
http://derpy.me/7dIhf
Phew. Adam sandler is mah fave actor. I dont want him to die
Bye Guis, Ima gonna go Buy a gun and kill Adam Sadnler. Then you'll all know he's dead. But seriously, I'm leaving.
BlazeAngel: Bye! :)
wtf?
bye BlazeAngel
/me hangs himself then leaves chat
She sounds like a real asshole
bye BlazeAngel
lololol
I just wanted to know if anyone else heard about that. Sorry for the panic attack. I was shocked when I was told and had to find out myself.
She is
bye Madsurge and BlazeAngel
PillowPoni|Phone: Hopefully you do, I would get so bored If my charger broke :/
Bronysith: Well turn around Gaston
I always pretend to like her when I'm at her house
so will the season 1 dvd get a region 2 relase
flutter_spin: ikr
Belle is my favorite disney character
And not because she looks glorious in that yellow dress
Just cuz I'm afraid she won't let Gen talk to me
MLP_Brovakiin; this was two months ago. Insanity already happened.
okay if you want to see this next link, PM me
She sounds like she's just trying to control her.
Especially after what happened with her friend Jenna
Yea
What happened?
PillowPoni|Phone: 2 months! :O jeez I respect you for that, I wouldn't last a week :P
inb4 screams of terror
/me enters fallout shelter
and no. you can't join me
/me stalks Freefall29
MLP_Brovakiin; I started losing it the first day
/me sends army of super mutants at Freefall29 s base
Jenna yelled at Gen's mom. Now all of a sudden, Gen isn;t allowed to talk to her because she's a "bad influence"
/me shoots all of them with fawkes
yeah, ok, jenna's a bad influence :p
whatever
so will the season 1 dvd get a region 2 relase
what?
fawkes is my favorite follower in fallout 3
http://derpy.me/jv7uc
PillowPoni|Phone: could you borrow some money from your parents or something?
okay so the new expansio... Supernatural.. .is a magic based exansion for sims3
hehehehe
sims 3
there are two... things that are interesting about it
the jar of Discord, and the Jar of Friendship
Elips... es
/me kidnaps Michael
/me is scared
Ryunosuke: possible mlp reference there?
alexxm: you really should stop kidnaping people. you don't have a license or anything man.
i got to hide before alexxm kidnaps someone
firendship IS magic as we all know :)
Freefall29: actually he does
/me picks up Michael and rubs his belly
Bronysith: he does? well carry on with your abductions
O.o
Freefall29 heres my license qualifed to abduct anyone anywhere
Gen's mom: anyone who yells at me is pure evil. Guys cannot date guys, girls cannot date girls, You have to do what I say because I said so. I don't know how to talk in a normal voice, girls must always wear skirts long or else they look like a slut, girls must not wear pants
CUE SONIC SAYS
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTxO_pgMqys
bleh why this minecraft world take so long to load?
I suck at flying jets.....
alexxm: let me see that license. *grabs* hmm... licensed in 2005. expires in 2015.... this ID seems valid.
MLP_Brovakiin; I get $100 from my parents every two weeks (cause that's when dad gets paid). Its not enough to live off of, since the car needs gas and food and my phone card is about $50 as it is
i am so glad there are no false gamers in chat today <3
damn flash crashed
/me throws r63 dust on Major
Bronysith: because you killed all the false gamers
long skirts* :P
Bronysith i cant remembe any false gamer being here lol
/me throws r63 dust on Michael
/me reflects r63 dust
cachi01|muffin: Major is a false gamer
PillowPoni|Phone: Oh fair enough :(
wait. she thinks girls shouldnt wear pants?
/me noogies Michael
/me evades the r53 dust
MLP_Brovakiin; yeah.
Major? Really?
*r63
I mean Moopy is
But Major?
/me pokes alexxm
cachi01|muffin: yup
yeah Michael
All right, I must depart. It's DINNER time!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UI4ZOT63MGc&feature=BFa&list=FL5QyBGi4t1uDa0FwakXNeYQ
Everlasting_Joy: Bye! :)
bye Everlasting_Joy
bye Everlastin_Joy
bye Everlasting_Joy
AJIsAwesome: never played skyward sword. is it good?
Oh Boy im so hungry i can eat an Everlasting_Joy!
sweet music for my ears :D
She is ALWAYS wearing a long skirt. it freaks me out o_o
Freefall29: Some people are biased. I LOVE the game, while some people think it's bad.
/me turns Michael into a robot and unleashes him on bronystate
gen needs to get the fuck out of there asap :P
Some of the game mechanics may get a little annoying, but overall it's a terrific game, IMO.
kill.crush.destroy.swag
/me EMPs Michael
Yea, except her mom doesn't want her to move out EVER and has guardianship oiver her BECAUSE SHE SAID SO
Michael: We actually did that at BFF. :D
brb food
is she over 18?
ok
Yea
then legally she can leave right now
if she wants
lol
oh yeah did you have fun there AJIsAwesome
alexxm: I had a GREAT time. Still tired from it, too. :$
im pretty sure
cachi01|muffin: he thinks being able to kill everyone in games is wrong, like children or important quest givers and it should always be banned, the moment you are unable to kill something ruins immersion, ergo he is a false gamer for not wanting emersion in a game
AJIsAwesome so what happened there
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwTt2JOULXg
immersion
Bronysith BEING ABLE TO KILL EVERYONE IS AWESOME!
yeah thats discriminatory
cachi01|muffin: thats why i love fallout 1 and 2
still need to play 2
Freefall29 its a videogame who da fuk cares who you kill?
ive meet some really evil children in my life
^
yeah, i wanted to kill some kids on skyrim but the game dont let me :[[
^
cachi01|muffin: umm.... I know that. I was backing up bronysith. I just don't get why there is a double standard that's all.
i dowloaded the killable children mod 4 sjyrim
Michael: i'm sure a mod for that exists
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/9/10/ywGXBSzcn020p7VbDTTJSw2.jpg the answer to why none of us can kill kids nowadays in games
Michael: You worry me sometimes...
God_The_Atheist: doesnt count though
yeah Freefall29
GODDAMIT SOCCER MOMS
MLP_Brovakiin: some of the kids are very annoying
Michael: you cant kill them but you can launch them a few hundred feet in the air, no mods
Bronysith: and the government, don't forget with all that FCC and decency crap
13what are we flame warring over today?
Bronysith why can't we just kill the soccer mums
fucking soccer moms need to get the fuck over it
then again. soccer moms run the government so duh
Michael: Good point, like that Braith areshole kid from Whiterun
i hate government and corperations
we need a V
Hi BronyState.
MLP_Brovakiin: for example
how are things Bobeh
ohai Bobeh
Heya Bobeh
hi Bobeh
God_The_Atheist: corporations make the awesome games we love. so they're not all bad. just a few bad apples that spoiled the rest is all.
alexxm: Gooooooood
d
why don't we let anonymous run the goverment
13In this thread, discussing issues bigger than you are under the auspices of having an understanding of the whole
NO WTF NO NONONONONO WTF NO WHYYYYY
*cough EA cough*
alexxm: we all would die
alexxm: cause they are anarchist?
GODDAMIT XBOX 360 S
Freefall29 why would happen
cachi01|muffin: what?
ugh
and Bronysith whats the worst that happen
corperations only exist to make profit in whatever way possible
i still need to play fallout 2
13um duh?
alexxm: i've seen scary things from them. they can be very, very mean when they wanna be.
13hey bronystate let's play a game
13if you could ban all corporate profits, would you?
MLP_Brovakiin i accidentaly touched the goddamn sensible to touch the open disk button.
Shizuka: no. then valve doesn't get all their hard earned cash.
id ban profit itself corprate and otherwise
Freefall29 so that would be an effective crime dettermet right?
I HAVE NO PART IN THIS CONVERSATION
no then they woulnd have funding to make better games
dammit Bobeh
nothingtodohere.jpg
cachi01|muffin: Haha I still have the old black xbox :P
I WAS TALKING ABOUT IMMERSION IN A GAME
alexxm: they do a lot of stuff for lulz man.
Theres bound to be some unforseen consequence to such a thing so i would not.
/me dont know what to do
not about stupid corporation bullshit
13Congratulations God_The_Atheist, you haven't the most basic understanding of economics and have disqualified yourself from discussing them!
13Have a nice day.
Shizuka: =.(\
/me that feel when you tab back to chat and want to tab out again
Freefall29 i thought that was why they did everything
alexxm: look. its just a bad idea a super effective trolling organization run a system that has power over a nation and other nations.
we wernt even talking about economics genuis we were talking about killable children in videogames
Spectrum_Rush: I would do that, but I've got nothing to tab out to.
thats why i suggested it Freefall29
God_The_Atheist: yeah. then you started talking about hating coprorations and wanting to ban all profits.
yes then i did but origonally we were talking about killing children
I loved when i blew up megaton in Fallout3
alexxm: oh. lol right. nvm
Aaaaaand now he's insulted an admin. RUN MAN
Bobeh: who
13when in doubt, drop a grenade and trust the user is stupid enough to set it off, then wander off for dinner
13\o
Bobeh: run for the hills!
I'm gonna go to bed now, considering the fact that I slept through my alarm this morning :P
Hey guys im back and i saw the house burned
Freefall29:God_The_Atheist
Woah.
nite MLP_Brovakiin
bye MLP_Brovakiin
night MLP_Brovakiin
What did I just do?
Gnight MLP_Brovakiin
night MLP_Brovakiin
Night MLP_Brovakiin
Bobeh: oh dear.....
Moopy: House?
dont tell me banning all profit is impossible it worked at twin oaks
night MLP_Brovakiin
/me hugs BladedWings, alexxm, Dovah, Michael, thelonepony, cachi01|muffin, and Freefall29 <3
hugs <3
I bloke it.
Night MLP_Brovakiin
God_The_Atheist: profit is the money a company gets back from paying for production of a product and service. they use it to keep doing what they do.
/me is hugged
jinx :D
G'night everypony! :)
yeah the house the gareage was melted the roof top was gane the windows was busted everything was gone
GilDash: Night! :)
night GilDash
Night GilDash
nite GilDash
bye GilDash
g'night GilDash
BRB playing Deadlight i bought it a month ago and i havent played it yet lol
Good night GilDash
Night GilDash
Moopy: Woah. How did it all happen?
so just throw a grenade and hope for the best ?
Gnight GilDash
Hey otakon
ohai otakon
hiya guys
ohai otakon. :)
what's up?
otakon: sup
Moopy how did the fire start
hi otakon
the company could just do what they do to provide to the soceity because if they dont then theyll lose there jobs and no longer be able to benifit from the other goods and services produced by the society ( theoretically)
Well it hannped yesterday when my mom and my step dad went to work they saw it on the news that morning when i was sleeping
My Brother is downstairs yelling at Super Smash Brothers.
how are things otakon
hmmm
okay I guess
brb
Bobeh: Which one?
I didn't se the fire at all it was just burned untill my mom took me over there and saw the whole thing
AJIsAwesome: Brawl.
Bobeh: Okay.
I prefer Melee over Brawl, though.
AJIsAwesome: yeah. melee is better
AJIsAwesome: BY THE WAY. I LIKE YOUR NAME. Hard to find an Applejack fan.
Cause alot of people were outside talking about it and i was crazy as hell
Bobeh: Thanks. :)
http://youtu.be/SoHeWgLvlXI This i samazing
is**
Freefall29: I like Brawl more. Just because Melee feels really tight or controlled. In brawl you can jump around and not get dragged down to the floor right away.
Her mom apparently has guardianship over her so....
and i saw the dresser was burned to as well
Which makes absolutely no sense
And when I got back, the DNA evidence was gone.
Bobeh: True, but the characters are floaty and the sound effects are par at best.
Bobeh: I just felt the SSE was boring and nothing was explained, online is pure crap, more clones, and make a stage feature is too basic for making anything creative. that's just me.
WHY NO STREAM?
You really don't feel that "oomph" in Brawl than in Melee. You feel like you dealt a bone-shatering SMASH, and it feels gratifying.
Rustymeat: there's no need of stream to get fun on bronystate :)
Michael: yeah. the chat is the fun for bronystate.
Are we all talking about how Melee is better than Brawl?
IKR
SpeedyBolt: yeah. brawl is fun with friends but they messed up some stuff in it.
also without stream u can post vid links :$
One of my favorite SFX in Melee is Mario's meteor smash. The SFX he makes when it connects is SO satisfying.
Me and my mom didn't go nike riding it was to late over here and its like 7:15pm over here
I like Brawl, it's a great game, but I would prefer Melle IMO.
i mean bike
*Melee*
I miss my fast-paced Melee
Are online matches still available on Brawl?
I really don't like modern nintendo. these days they are making more spin off titles that took little effort to make rather then the main series. they just slap mario on another tennis game. lazy
hi
thats some big words you got there
Okay.
:P
They still never explained how the Halberd got taken over at the beginning.
hi Hipster-Pony
ohai Hipster-Pony
thelonepony: hi
SpeedyBolt: I didn't have alot of fun running through an area then having to stay in one place and kill 50 enimies.
Michael: hi
are we waiting to watch something?
It's pretty damn easy.
Hipster-Pony: we are playing the waiting game....
IMO, the floating island would've been great backstory for Sonic. But nope. He arrives at the VERY LAST moment out of nowhere.
...That WAS never explained, really.
AJIsAwesome: that ticked me off a bit. it ticked me off more he just attacks the main villian, knowing nothing about whats going on
Freefall29: lol
:P
Freefall29: Yep. Me too.
AJIsAwesome: I thought the part where sonic jumped in was pretty damn cool.
I mean, we go through all of this shit
Bobeh: Me too. I just wished they explained how.
and then suddenly, RIGHT THERE, Sonic out of nowhere.
http://derpy.me/n1npH LMAO
But they reverted him back to this Pre-Chapter 4 Attitude.
Freefall29: Oh DEFINITELY. I wished Earthbound selled more here. :(
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lm_GPkOfVKI <-- Everyone, Laugh.
YouTube: Epic Joker Laugh By: pavsthewarrior Views: 1142792 Likes: 2782 Dislikes: 49 - https://youtu.be/Lm_GPkOfVKI
AJIsAwesome: Sonic was going fast, because he had to. But he went too fast and ended up in the nintendo universe. He was going too fast to stop and he ran into Taboo's Wings Of Death. Make sense?
Bobeh: Yep. :P
Guys im scared here my step dad is argueing my mom and i hate that
i thought sonic went so fast that he flew into the sun
Bobeh: that would technically be a plot and brawl can't have any of that.
It had a plot, Freefall29
Michael, funny how I have this game somewhere
SpeedyBolt: :D
never really played it though
A very unexplained one..but..
Freefall29: It's a fighter. Nobody plays fighters fo a plot.
Freefall29: They play fighters to fight.
I'm wondering here
Would the SSE have been better with voices?
Moopy: it's ok...everything will be ok
Bobeh: yeah. but atleast fighting games like mortal kombat EXPLAIN what the hell is going on.
SpeedyBolt: Nah. Not for me.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1zbGFGQTq0
WATCH THAT AND LOVE IT!
SpeedyBolt: I'm glad they were able to make a story without them talking.
otakon, I already did
I personally cant imagine how they'd screw up some of the voices.
otakon: Saw that earlier. BEST THING EVER
Maybe in the states it's 21
^
SpeedyBolt: voices would'nt be needed. they could have just done text screens. again, lazy
dammit I'm late
otakon: I LOVED the DJ Mystery bit. :D
DOUBLE EATER!
otakon, now watch this and be intrigued http://youtu.be/SoHeWgLvlXI
Pinkie's bit is my favorite
saw it CrimsonPhoenix
damn you know who I haven't seen in awhile?
CriticKitten
otakon: dat franky
I'm gonna close this chat for a bit
About to knock the crap out of Acid Ace
Michael: agreed...SUPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPER!
SUPERRR Franky!!
I love how most of deadlights achievements are references to some.guns & roses songs :)
*Moopy gets a little shaked from his parents argueing each other*
/me says Indeed
/me comforts Moopy
thanks man
Micheal i do
how many OP fans are there?!
Michael: one piece?
i think i feel cool now thanks dude
yeah Bronysith
never got into one piece
Imma fan!
/me kidnaps thelonepony
It looks like she can leave if she's 18. Her mom's full of shit.
My Little BronyState: Waiting Is Magic
SuperBrony63 good to hear madmax made $400 for repairs!
*buffer is magic*
damn it why does it have to be me!
thelonepony no idea
>_> I love waiting <_<
the waiting game sucks, i'm gonna play hungry, hungry hippos
yeah me to i love waiting
/me feeds Freefall29 to the hippos
I'm listening to Dr Whooves and Assistant.
let's play the quiet game :)
Fluttershy is the champ
we cannot beat her
My little waiting is cool
it is useless to try
^
Fluttershy is the staremaster.
/me shows thelonepony his duct tape collection "if you insist"
Fluttershy is a dull dull pony.
QUIET GAME
one does not simply beat fluttershy
int the quiet game
*mmmmmmm*
Derpy is the funniest pony ever
One can however beat Fluttershy with a stick fairly easily.
dat is cheat
*zzzzzz*
bad Meanwhile
Meanwhile: you could beat fluttershy with a twig
Or a rolled up newspaper.
so how are things thelonepony
Michael: I rather like One Piece. Friendship seems to be the over-arcing theme.
Meanwhile: or if you just yell at her loud enough, she might end up hurting herself
great alexxm and you?
Kinixys: yeah, i'm a big fan too
Kinixys, indeed it is.
i'm good thelonepony sorry about the whole kidnaping thing
Her mom doesn't let her make her own decisions on anything. Gen did not have to continue going to school, she didn't want to, her mom forced her
alexxm: i thought you attacked thelonepony, not kidnap
Kinixys: also the plot is very catchy
er what Freefall29 why would i do that
well i would of bein bleeding to death right now...
*zzzzzz*
/me gives a pillow to LunarRepublicGuard
Well, I can kinda understand if she wanted her to go to school.
http://cheezburger.com/6564457728
*gives Michael muffin as thanks*
:T
I feel so lonely
guess whose back, back again
Michael: So are the characters.
/me noms muffin
Kinixys: yeah :D
DoctorWhoovesV10: nice to meet ya
/me sets DoctorWhoovesV10 on fire
now you are v11
Bronysith: I think you have some kind of fire fetish
Hey everypony! :)
ohai Ponies47
Ponies47: hello
hi Ponies47
how are things Ponies47
/me throws jarate to DoctorWhoovesV10
also ohai
DoctorWhoovesV10: awaken -LunarRepublicGuard- LunarRepublicGuard attacks
so violent
hi Ponies47
cant we all get along
/me throws DoctorWhoovesV10 a sandvich!
dat Ponies47 :3
NO!
/me sits in the far corners of the chat, contemplation on how not to lose her minnd from no computer
ASDFGHJKL
/me throws cake at everypony
free cake!
/me was caked in the face.
NO!
Kinixys: *nom sandvich* gratzi
it's a lie dammit!
/me nomz cake
/me 's face is a catcher's mit for cake!
PillowPoni|Phone: what happened to your PC?
-LunarRepublicGuard- used fly
CAKE! WOOHOO
lolwut: http://derpy.me/avX6Q
/me typed iddqd
/me steals Kinixy's cake
Freefall29 missed
LunarRepublicGuard: ah. but iddqd is god mode.
Michaelspft Bimbows LOLWUT
:[
http://derpy.me/yU0u8 only in japan
13anypony for mvm
Michael: looks more like comic con to me
dat seems kinda fun
Shizuka: sure
/me contracted a horrid sickness, and after 2 days still feels like death
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nK2Ql2eZREQ
Otakon; battery died and both original and universal chargers are no longer working
Freefall29: a normal day in japan
hope you feel better Herostar
We talking about crazy japan? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gjfZABX8Kw
thnx alexxm
Michael: imagine for a minute, a fat guy in that scene.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xgv0pm13oOs
i hope so too. feels like i was hit by a bull and don't remember it X|
the horror!
dammit
stupid usb keeps borking
so not bothering to ghost
-LunarRepublicGuard- used sleep
*zzzzzz*
I swear the japanese are on some kind of drugs http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wv06_W3Y8qg
Sorry Shizuka can't :/
CrimsonPhoenix: da faq XD
lol
http://youtu.be/dpqxSBclqWs BEST COMMERCIAL EVER
Freefall29: dat fursuit
Gnight everypony HF!
alexxm: I ate most of the cake on impact. XD
Michael: Nite.
hi again
CrimsonPhoenix: why can't tv be half this awesome.
nigt michael
night Michael
bye Michael
Night Michael
who votes that japan has some of the strangest shiiite
bye Michael
even though they are themself silly
/me sets Michael on fire
bye Michael
DoctorWhoovesV10: they also have the awesomest shit -w-
hey guys the animation test for ponies on youtube whats SFM stand for?
gtg now
suddenly Shizuka stream
<3 pings
Stream
Left 4 Dead!!
ok. no videos now
Moopy: source film maker
oh ok
l4d
yey something to make me feel better! left 4 dead!
strange= awesome ( logic win )
OMG SHIZU STREAM
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
left 4 dead needs some ponies.
thank you streamer /)^3^(\
xbox or PS3
or pc
LunarRepublicGuard: ...
Ah, is this Single Player L4D?
-________-
Yay for Shizuka stream!
And now watch and BE AMAZED, as Shizu kicks all of the ass.
with all this lag. I say pc
I hate planes :|
LadyCanary: Or as she gets eaten by zombies. Either way, it'll be funny.
PILLZ!!
/me puts Herostar in a blender
/me giggles.
What's with the music?
kill dem zombies shizu!
Bronysith http://cheezburger.com/6564430080?siteId=1264
[Hearty Laugh]
Dat dialog tree
/me is too sick to care for what Bronysith has in store for him
nya
ITS A PAINTING
alexxm: its stuff like that makes me love life more.
HOW IS THAT A MEME!?
alexxm: so funny
alexxm LOL
13did you guys see that?
13that common jumped the buildings
No.
whoa
13also i know the intro sucked, how's lag now?
...Didnt catch that D:
Looks alright
not bad
http://cheezburger.com/6567127040
where * looks arounds*
ooo yay l4d!
inb4 Zombie Bullshit
I still can't believe that news reporter reported a flash light bomb scare
zoey enjoys killing too much o.o
Kick a ginger day heeeeh?
Isn't that every day>
hiya Shizuka I just tuned in
lol Meanwhile
No one cares otakon.
D:
Meanwhile: you don't care
Shizuka, the mad bomber
Is that laugh getting on anyone elses nerves?
hunter sas nope
dat laugh = hiragashi
Meanwhile: enope
Had no lag until now
buffering
be back in a bit, making dinner
http://i.imgur.com/i935G.jpg
I think her comcast is acting up
/me covers otakon1 in oil
Meanwhile Agreed.
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3qtlwu#by=ad
Bronysith: I feel sorry for the kid
:) Im back - been listening to the Vinyl Scratch Tapes...how did I not hear of them before BFF - cant wait til part 5
zombie bullshit
zombie bullshit!
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3qtga9#by=ad
Bill is best survivor.
so we are talking about zombie bulls now?
:) kill all zombies
That's an oxymoron.
Don't remind me.
Er, or maybe just ironic.
Buytoast: re kill them then. they are animated
grooovay
i'm BACK
Oh... ib4 pills here.
Pillz here
PEEELLLLZZZ!!!
Rustymeat: who says grooovay?
dern zombies
Ash <_<
NOOOO, heheheh
Do the voice commands really matter to the bots?
http://www.halolz.com/2009/11/06/baby-louiss-first-word/
Slenderman: welcome hehehehe :|
Because besides the scripted convo responses I've never seen any of them care much.
Freefall29, har har
http://ts3.mm.bing.net/images/thumbnail.aspx?q=4706846763384890&id=ca9bd9142ef5aa415d5fa0c7b71a0846
Hi Slenderman where's slenderpony?
thelonepony in the everfree
No idea. Having seen him around...
LunarRepublicGuard: :D
Oh yeah, he got run over by a train trying to kill Twilight.
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3qnlcn/ - This just made my day :D
Cypresswolf: lol
MMmmmmmm delicious dinner
*sees slenderman runs away*
A guard, eh?
okay I'm back
Uh hes like a bear hes like big shaft bear that hates people
wb otakon1
ooh L4D?
Relax, i'm not of you realm.
Cypresswolf: :D
/me gives Slenderman 20 dollars
YES U NEED CURRENCY
Slenderman: you are mine MINE
No, i'm leaving the lights off cachi01
slenderman is slender
Don't bother
Well he can't use credit, since no one is willing to ID him.
peelz
Slenderman: What is your secret to staying so skinny?
*gives slenderman a muffin *
Hello again guys ^^
Mine is a secret.
Hi Litwick
how are things Litwick
HOWEVER
They're fine alex.
Litwick: \)
*shoots slenderman a pie*
Slenders Gonna Slend: http://static.fjcdn.com/gifs/Slenders_752253_2555254.gif
Slenderpony got slender by going into another realm. no idea where but those guys sucked all his organs out
witch
Emo.
NOT THE MUSIC
dem stairs
OH GOD NOT THAT MUSIC
/me puts otakon1 in a blender
Hahaha.
:3
not the creepy music!!!!!!!!
NOT THE BLENDER!
What's the music from?
THE MUSIC NOOOOOO
Why whats gonna happen?
I don't BLEND!
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Blast from the Past #13 - Fanfic Edition
?
Meanwhile: F.E.A.R.
Meanwhile: Alma's theme
Because frankly it just sounds obnoxious.
What's with the music?
WITCH
night guys
witch
LOL
YAY EQDS
night alexxm
Oh. F.E.A.R. Aka Jumpscares The Game.
lol
RUN AWAY!
Good grief. Witches aren't even that scary.
damn it died rather quick
Meanwhile: indeed
Meanwhile its not so scary
http://ts1.mm.bing.net/images/thumbnail.aspx?q=4709599859114968&id=6463292de40b20b24fbe6c28d59ab521
They die to one shotgun round.
what?
when?
LunarRepublicGuard: :'(
Since always assuming you can aim.
I've unloaded whole clips into those bitches
at point blank
Clearly you have the targetting skills of a cheese sandwich then.
I sent the bitch a clip. bitches love clips
when the HELL can you kill one with a single shotgun round?
LunarRepublicGuard: no not FS
Literally since the game first came out.
a cheese sandvich wut :I
bullshit
BULLSHIT I SAY
There's an achievement for killing a witch in one shot.
Oh, hello Slenderman.
LunarRepublicGuard: You do realize the only Republic died with Rome? It's a pathetic government home to dictator like Ceaser.
I find it convenient that all these zombies are dressed in grey.
13sec
You just have to walk up to them and unload a shotgun into their back.
aha
CONDITIONS
you have to shoot her in the back of the head
13except shizu doesn't have shotgun :3
at point blank range
13you just headshot
Well no shit point blank.
okay have we played the same game?
Is it just me or did the video pause?
*headshot slenderman*
What are you trying to do? Snipe with a shotgun?
bc I've seen those bitches take the whole team's firepower for several seconds
what is this. xbox 360?
GO SHIZU GO SHIZU GO
the hell
What about headshots guard?
.
That was a fast zombie.
Headshots don't affect witches except from the hunting rifle which I think staggers them. Or at least it does in the second game.
Pew pew
Good start there.
*4 the glory of the NLR*
Slenderman: dont make me trap you next to a black hole
lol
/me gives Slenderman a hug "I missed you, sir."
guys. dinner. brb
Doctor, a black hole would drag you in as well, it's force is too strong to escape.
Shizuka: the gun-toting giggle-box
YAAAAAAAAAAY SHIZU!
credits to my friend on this GODDAMN AMAZING peice of work! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1zbGFGQTq0
YOu'd just kill yourself in the process
Great, now do it on expert.
And wow that laugh is really starting to annoy me.
wel then mute it
Oh hai Meanwhile
I did.
PillowPoni... I HATE hugs! Get off me
Good to hear Herostar , but no vid links during stream
well there you go
Slenderman: sir i have a tardis and i have towed shipps away from black holes
I'm not like you otakon, it doesn't take me five minutes to form my thoughts.
Obsidian, there's a stream?
-refreshes-
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/36a1kl/
oh. shit my bad
L4D2 > L4D
Herostar: mystery ben responded to my comment AND it's been thumbed up :P
the hub family movie that is on right now is gremlins. gremlins, on the family movie night. what kind of family is THAT movie for?
Mmm, I liked L4D more than 2, but I think 2 plays better.
Herostar, Shizuka's soloing in Left 4 Dead, and she's enjoying the dialog trees.
the_real_pony_1604: My family 6_9
So mister tardis boy. Happen to know where that Master of yours is? I heard you shot him. You missed. He's going to kill you. He already has Miss Twilight Sparkle as well
ohhh this is interesting
One of my Cure clones is missing D:
There's only three, there should be four
Where is he???
Slenderman: sir i am a time lord we have a little trick to avoid that
/me giggles.
Care to explain why you hesitated Doctor? Do you still like him?
Will you take your rp somewhere else?
Slenderman now wait a minute, are you saying you are trying to scare the man who's been through complete hell, faced creatures making you look like my chiuaha, and dare think this would set him off in the slightest? you must be mistaken
agreed
brb
the doctor needs time to think
He's mad!
Slenderman: you wish
That Doctor stopped caring and confined himself in his Tardis!
Yes, the doctor is a madman with a box
He stopped caring after DITZY
Again, knock off the rp.
Pls.
yeah, lol
AFTER HE WANTED DITZY TO JOIN YOU> SHE REFUSED AND YOU STOPPED CARING
DoctorWhoovesV10 now if there's anything you and me learnt, there's one thing you don't put in a trap unless you want that trap to fail, and would you care to explain what or who that is?
Slenderman: younare going to fail sir
Maybe he drowned in the grass?
*facehoove*
YOU ENDED UP SLEEPING WITH ALL OF PONYVILLE AND ADMITTED YOU WERE A PONY
Slenderman: so
I smell a kick or two
-LunarRepublicGuard- O_O
YOU OPENED UP THE HOURGLASS WHEN YOU WERE DRUNK AND LET HER OUT
Slenderman: Stop spamming rubbish in caps.
13Slenderman: Enough with the allcaps
2,14 slenderman, enough with the caps
Hehe
2,14 lol, shizu beat me to it
Hourglass...
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3pjt3i/
...Hm...
What have you to say Doctor, eh?
Cypresswolf: Story of my life.
Slenderman: you sir can kiss my time lord flank
=_(\
I didn't even notice that chat derepd until now :/
*derped
What does he mean by "her" though...?
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3pg3ys/
whats going on in this chat
Hello Nittany_Discord *dusts and hugs*
Slenderman: :) any more fail you wish to say
11,01Hi PillowPoni|Phone.
LunarRepublicGuard, insanity
13sec
Hi pillowponi
Time for foodz. Bye y'all.
Hi Nittany_Discord!
Why are you here Time Lord? I thought you were looking at YANA
THE HORROR THE HORROR!!
/me glomps Nittany_Discord
Bye Kinixys
Nittany_Discord: hello aniki
Enjoy da nomz Kinixys
YANA? Remember Time Lord?
Nittany_Discord: how are you today?
11,01Hey all.
11,01Good.
You seem to forget, let me refresh your memory.
Ohi Nittany_Discord
Slenderman: even time lords have down time
Obsidian:, Ponies47.
hi Nittany_Discord
Hey Nittany_Discord :)
hi Nittany_Discord
I think Slenderman should leave because nopony wants to hear his trolling
Slenderman DoctorWhoovesV10 take your rp somewhere else.
11,01Got an interview Wednesday with an IT staffing place in Charlotte.
It's Casino Night Zone?
not sure if spoiler but the wiki page for mlp:fim lists a dvd
release date 4/12/2012
Because I can't post links, i'll PM
Nittany_Discord: Best of luck
Nittany_Discord: awesome, you can do it
the damn music again...
with two season 3 episodes on it
Nittany_Discord: good luck man
Showed up on EqD a while ago.
11,01Yeah.
ah
damn it louis
Congrats Nittany_Discord
Wait, trolling?
louis always went down in my games too
How the hell am I trolling?
11,01Saw a description of the new episode on Tumblr. I thought it was a description of the first episode of S3.
i'm back everypony
Nittany_Discord, great news. I hope it goes well for you
That's not him...
wb Freefall29
11,01Me too. Could fire my IT career off.
most likely the first two eps considering the timing
Nittany_Discord: what you gonna do to prepare?
Nittany_Discord: welll congrats Nittany_Discord
Excuse me Time Lord, I mistook you for another incarnation.
Freefall29: dat double ping
/me wishes she knew how to play the piano so she can play qinoxe
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SPYRO <3
Bronysith: double ping?
Freefall29: you said nittany_discord twice
Slenderman: can we put this behind us
Mwu-Hahaha, you cannot ignore my girth!
Bronysith: whoops. lol
Shaddap Nath.
oh no
suddenly SMOOTH JAZZ
11,01Going to study the place, study interview tactics, get nice-looking, and improve my LinkedIn profile. Need to give that place my updated resume as well.
/me raises his hand to Doctor WhoovesV10
Sorry ol' chap
Scoot-Scootaloo Go back to your non=HLG things >:I
Nittany_Discord: i believe as long as you give it your best you shall do fine
Slenderman: * brohoof*
Nittany_Discord: I know you've checked your resume a billion times. 1 billion and one times would't hurt
00,03HLG? :O
Non-HLG*
I keep finding mistakes in it.
Hey Scoot-Scootaloo
And even then, it may not be good.
00,03Hater League Gaming?
...
ohai scoots
00,03And evenin' y'all~
Maaaybeee.
Ok, besides all this, is their anybody who has read the Slender Man fanfiction on Equestria Daily?
Hey Scoot-Scootaloo
/me puts Scoot-Scootaloo in a full nelson
It could be Human League Gaming.
Scoot-Scootaloo: hello there
Hi Scoot-Scootaloo
Secure your futures kids. School and college doesn't last forever.
hiya Scoot-Scootaloo
Horribly Large Geese.
00,03Hetero League Gaming!
If you're in it it'll be Homo League Gaming Scoots.
Huge Lanky Gams
2,14 homophobe
hiya Caramel
/me glomps Caramel
Nittany_Discord: with this economy. i'm don't think secure futures are gonna be happening for us
Anybody?
hey Caramel whats going on?
Meanwhile But I'm in it...
2,14 howdy
00,03Hitmontop Likes Gravy
Hi Caramel
/me slaps Freefall29
Freefall29: no way to think
DWR we know how you are about girth, makes perfect sense.
If you try, you can make one.
Damn straight.
This may be late, but Hi, Nittany_Discord. :)
But it is a scary time in the world.
who luvs halloween
Scoot-Scootaloo: But how could it like gravy if it doesn't have a mouth? :P
meh
i just like the free candy
I love halloween.
00,03Hitmontop has a mouth...
and the insane little bastards DoctorWhoovesV10
AJ: i wuv halloween
Especially in the US, Greece, or other places. The next presidential election could make or break the US and sadly, there are no good choices. :/
anybody know a good horror movie I should rent this year
Scoot-Scootaloo: Whoops. Thinking of Hitmonlee. :P
and the slutty dressing girls...
*cough
...
Nittany_Discord: I don't wanna go political, but anybody but obama
00,03Freefall29: Caannibal Holocaust
>Doesn't want to political
00,03cannibal*
>goes political.
Nittany_Discord, Freefall29, I completely agree
Scoot-Scootaloo: because of all the blood?
Halloween was always boring around my neighborhood
Bronysith: yep
Ive been here for 10 mins now and not a single one of you noticed i was on
00,03...nooooo
No one loves me
You're right,
No one does.
Meanwhile: make a image meme out of that one
Sling your hook.
00,03Because it's a fake documentary!
Ponymon-Anarchy: you're just looking at it wrong. Are you sure you aren't a master lurker?
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3qcmde/
Sorry I havent Gotten on lately guys i have been playing the wonderful world of minecraft
NullRadix Pretty sure I have him beat.
Ohai Scoots!
00,03Sup LadyCanary~
LadyCanary Go back to your... Um...
:S
Stuff.
Yeah.
:S
Cosplay?
Cypresswolf: Oh no......:D
I think I'll show my family the evil dead 2 this year.
Yeah, what Moustache man said.
they will love it
00,03I like stuff! Stuff is my favorite!
^_^ Good things, Scoots. Good things. Meanwhile: actually I got the shirt for photo finish :3
#minecraft
Great.
/me puts LadyCanary in a box
:D
oh sorry..too caught up in the stream...hi Pink3 and Ponymon-Anarchy
00,03For Comic con, I might go as a humanized Big Mac!
/me throws the box off and sets it on fire
attacks BronySith
:D OMG SCOOTS. YOU GON LOOK SO CUTE
00,03...I've become what I always hated...
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/139/498/tumblr_lffxubYvKR1qbyu7lo1_500.jpg
Scoot-Scootaloo: Y U NO AT DRAGONCON!?
00,03Bronysith: Because School
g2g guys, see yall later :)
bye BladedWings
Bye BladedWings
A bipedal Big Mac, that would be a great sight.
seya
00,03I just need some brown gloves...
Scoot-Scootaloo You also need to have the accent to match.
Don't pull a drunk Neil.
^____^
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/36dlyf/
00,03Big Mac is a cowboy right? That's close to Mexican!
Bronysith: that would be awesome
It has been just about a week of high school and i hate it -_-
00,03:V
:D I didnt know that was a thing, Bronysith
Bronysith: I wouldn't mind that, TBH. :D
:D
00,03I meant humanized, like JJ's artwork! What am I, a furry? :P
*like
13ponies enjoying the dumbness?
not dumb
Enjoying the what?
Shizuka: Yes
and yes
00,03Why is Zoey crazy?
Shizuka: Yesh :3
Scoot-Scootaloo: bc she has to sleep with her back tot he wall EVERY NIGHT
needs more zombie bullshit
Oh right there's a stream up. I got bored earlier.
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ma5j65qELl1qher3qo1_1280.jpg
Shizuka: http://shshatteredmemories.com/BisonOfCourse.jpg
http://imgur.com/ugI9l
/me loves humming to Taishou.a
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/35knmo/
JJ does humanized ponies?
yes he does
Yep
Meanwhile: did you actually say that?
and they are usually hot
00,03NOOOO!!
Meanwhile: what exactly wre you responding to?
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/35s6sn/
FIRE EVERYTHING
GO SHIZU GO
Freefall29: Enjoying the dumbness.
Cypresswolf: you do realize the Counts actor died right?
I was not, hence I went to do other things.
I had no idea
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/35m81a/
*snort*
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3qos8c/
this video needs more zombies
Dont follow Sesame Street
You'll pardon me if watching someone forever alone it on easy mode of L4D doesn't entertain me.
If only there was a Pyro.
Cypresswolf: http://derpiboo.ru/81989
Meanwhile: it's not on easy
It would screw over hordes like nothing.
ya derpy's here
:3
Normal then. Either way, not particularly challenging.
Hiya Derpy_Hooves :3
inb4 someone makes L4D with TF2 classes instead
hi Derpy_Hooves
NO SHIZU!!! D: COME ON SWEETIE!
hiya Derpy_Hooves what's up?
*gives Derpy a muffin 4 just being derpy*
Derpy_Hooves: you want some muffins
sure :3
Dang...last passing I heard about was Michael Clark Duncan, Ray Bradbury before that
Micheal Clark Duncan died?
....slowpoke otakon1
well that sucks
>___>
Derpy_Hooves:*gives a whole tray of muffins*
Otakon1: you're late to that by a week
I haven't been on lately okay?
otakon1: http://derpiboo.ru/89500
I don't get on the PC every day
erry day
Goddammit
Not John Coffee
Afraid so :(
yh that sucks
great actor
13anypony up to join?
this pc?
yes
00,03If ONLY I had L4D2...
now only if i had this game :|
she's a PC gamer
I have this game
This is L4D1.
13it's l4d1
13because l4d1 is superior
I don't have L4D1
may I join?
00,03Same thing :|
Shizuka: but how?
00,03lol
Still think 2 plays better.
13legs
13nuff said
wut :I
legs legs Lilly LEGS
00,03Legs are MLG
And sure, if you're lonely, I can fire it up.
a cookie to someone that gets the reference
13not if you're going to be that way about it
I don't have you as friends however. :(
SuperBrony64: hug
2,14 shoot...I'd love to join shizu
2,14 but I only have 2 installed on this machine
seeya everybrony
Cypresswolf: damn...Fraggle Rock
bye DoctorWhoovesV10 take care
Bye DoctorWhoovesV10
bai DoctorWhoovesV10
ALLONS-Y
bye doctor
Cows go moo
cows
lies, cows go shazoo
Superbrony64's go moo
JRP: I didn't know you were that smart. *gives JRP a cookie*
What the hell does 'Allons-y' mean anyway?
13get the feeling scrcap won't like this campaign
00,03Console Commands spoiled me :(
Why Scoot-Scootaloo?
13alternatively anypony up for mvm
I'm up for it.
2,14 that, I'd be happy to do
Shizuka; I would if sis didn't have her computer
That works too.
woot woot mvm
00,03I was playing TF2 the other day with Sumi and Meanwhile and a few other people, and they decided to use cheats! It made me :(
I'll join
Don't lie Scoot.
:O
Cheats!?
wait. don't you have to be friends to do mvm?
Nice wallpaper.
Scoot-Scootaloo: Sorry we used cheats :(
dat background
Why was I not informed about that match?
00,03I'm not your friend, guy!
brb im going to go make myself a dinner
Scoot-Scootaloo: i'm not your buddy pal!
2,14 I'm not your guy buddy!
I woudl join Shizuka but I'm on my dads computer and it doesn't run TF2 good :/
*would
13I'M NOT YOUR BUDDY COMPADRE
he's not your buddy, friend!
I wish I could join
I'm not your friend, guy!
This Deus ex game is fun.
I'M NOT YOU FRIENDS GUY! :[
I'm not a taco!
...I feel like my childhood is fading :(
Cheats are fun in SP or when everyone doesn't care in a server.
c-c-c-c-combobreaaker
mind if i join Shizu ?
00,03I'm not your compadre, Pal!
13we already did pal scoot
13you lose :<
00,03FFFUUUUU-
13whoever joins gets it so :3
I'm really sorry I missed out on the donation stream last night. I just decided to fire up PSO2, and Gameguard decided that it REALLY didn't like me having MPCHC and my Snes9x at the same time or something. So it decided to give me a BSoD.
IIIIIIII'MMMMMMM NOOOOOOOOTTTT YYYYYYYYYOOOOOOOOUUUUURRRRR PPPPPPPAAAAAAALLLLLLL BUDDDDDYYYYYY!!!!
hi
Shizuka Don't have you on Steam, so no can do I guess.
lol more MvM
13add me then :3
00,03I think I have shizu on steam...
Let me check too...
whats your steam shizuka
I have almost all the bronystate mods on my Steam friends list :p
And frankly, I wanted to square some stuff away properly before I bring everything up properly... and I was too tired to do it.
/me doesnt
13kamishizuka
00,03I do~
13inb4 flood of requests
^
00,03Too bad I can't play now :'(
^
+6 requests Shizuka.
Is this a mod tf2 game?
00,03Nah
Yup, Shizu's my buddy on Stream.
00,03I'm not your buddy, amigo!
Only problem being I only get sisters computer when she's at work
pass?
Shizuka is so much fun to play with :3
So um...what's the server?
00,03Also Pyros are MLG
Pyro Shizu time?!
I'm a REALLY comical guy.
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAY
Pyro's are cool, I still prefer Demopan.
hello everypony
Anyways, TF2
/me prefers Soldier and Engie
wish I knew the server password
Shizuka: ya know that your name only appears as Shizuka on steam right now, searching for kamishizuka usually wont result in the correct person...
Go Shizu :3 I wubs you
Suffice to say, I was fed up with PSO2's use of Gameguard, so I finally sent in that e-mail complaining about GG. But since it has to be in Japanese, I used Google Translate. And I had to reword it a lot in order to try to get Google Translate to translate it to Japanese they'd understand.
lol
08,01aaaand im back in scotland :(
13anypony recognize the ost yet
Kandarihu: you couldn't just WAIT for the official release?
00,03You know which weapon is MLG? The Backburner. Someone have an extra?
Yes Run from me Run
Shizuka: I do but I don't remember what it's from
Scoot-Scootaloo I do.
00,03I'll trade you for....
Shizuka: dammit it's a FF theme isn't it? ...no it's Kingdom Hearts right?
a scrap will do
TWILIGHT TOWN!
00,03Well, I don't have much to trade :'(
that's it!
08,01otakon1: i has a lonely
13sec
00,03What's with the scraps?
Scoot-Scootaloo I got one I don't use.
AND I asked them to drop Gameguard altogether and hire the hackers who are screwing up the game instead.
Scoot-Scootaloo related http://www.nerfnow.com/comic/image/339
Scrap is made by smelting weapons down
And is used to craft and trade for weapons.
I only have the rainblower and normal flamethrower.
Scoot-Scootaloo any regular item is worth one scrap, but I'll check your load-out and see if there's anything I like. Steam name?
3 scrap = 1 reclaimed. 3 reclaimed = 1 refined.
shizuka, check friends list?
00,03Scoot-Scootaloo, with the avatar that has a Scootaloo in it with no eyes
Can anyone join the sever, Shizuka?
k
13might be full
it is IIRC
Oh.
13yep filled
darn
VenHur I can spectate if you want
I'm looking at it
Darn, had to change some settings.
Oh well. I might do some PF2.
dammit
PF2?
Pony Fortress 2.
LadyCanary: bc he has no special somebody for himself
08,01LadyCanary: back home, but the boyfriend remains in the netherlands
see?
what is the server password
Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww <3
Freefall29: should be ponies but the game is full
set the thing to auto retry when room is available
:D
Scoot-Scootaloo Has someone gave you a backburner yet?
k Scoot-Scootaloo, I'm Ryanier666 is steam. Lookin' at your invenory
backburner is best burner
08,01Unnr: yes. though im not going to get this smell of cat piss out of my stuff for weeks
00,03Nope, I'm on my laptop so I can't log in steam :/
back burner is for noobs.
damn
Never mind, my one is an achievement one.
00,03Freefall29: You misspelled MLG
degreaser ftw
I can atleast log into Steam but can't play TF2 :/
Scoot-Scootaloo: I did?
Freefall29 pfft, I choose Phlog
anyone else's stream buffer?
i'm buffering
Buffer
Yep
okay just wondering
Shizuka's internet bad again?
08,01twilight_sprinkle: im not, im anou to sleepmactually
ohai Nittany_Discord
08,01but i am keeping track of the score
this is gonna be cool
08,01twilight_sprinkle: aye; stranger thingsnhave happened though
08,01Unnr: ill try that
Scoot-Scootaloo I sent you a friend request, so message me to trade when you get the chance. Also, don't get rid of your tradable Solemn Vow. I'll take that for a Backburner.
I'm gonna stay in chat, but if anypony needs me. I'm gonna be using the source sdk
hey Freefall29
hey Bronysith....
Hellooooo
if smell still persists, sprinkle some baking soda on the area while damp
Hello Barbetos
sup barbetos
Unnr: did somepony say sprinkle!
hi Barbetos
if still nasty, you can try mixing a few drops of dish soap with about a 1/2 cup of Hydrogen peroxide
Hello Barbetos
Hello MrMalk
and remember, if all else fails, fire is probably the answer
Barbetos: Hello! :)
MrMalk: Hi! :)
Sup guys
twilight_sprinkle: That would be bad in this occasion...
O_o
this could be bad
Shizuka got an extra flamethrower!
omfg a medical timeout
djokovic you cheating prick
Listen to that crowd twilight_sprinkle
Unnr: ikr
:3
08,01twilight_sprinkle: his sounds excititng, ithink ill put it on and cath the end
Unnr: the crowd really made this match amazng tbh, the play isnt that great
Aww. I was going to ask for that Degreaser.
twilight_sprinkle: Murray's play is so much more interesting on grass
brb restroom
dammit Andy siddown and take a break
Shizuka: good luck
Go ballboy, grab that towel!~
cool music
Unnr: depends on his choice. when playing Federer he made the mistake of chasing every ball own and he ended up getting tired in the 4th
Unnr: he shouldve been more atacking in the first two sets of this match imo
twilight_sprinkle: True, but his play is much more dynamic and he tended to have less predictable volley, he has been getting wayy to set in a pattern with his returns
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Vocal Music: Let This Be The End / Keep Faith / Fluttershy ft. Lolikko
KILL IT WITH FI-YAH!
Unnr: thing is, USO is actually faster than Wim nowadays, so he shouldve attacked more n this match
FI-YAAAH!
Annnn serving for the championship
15-0
twilight_sprinkle: True enough, but I think he was trying to avoid the whole getting burned out early problem
much to his disadvantage
Unnr: attackign game takes waaaaay less than all the defending he has done
pfffffffffffff
that call
Oh mannnnn
13meanwhile timed out
And it won't let me back in 
that call indeed
30-0
da madnessss
40-0!
40 -0 !!!!!!!
come ooooon
That face he had was priceless
the whole... WHAT?
Nooooo
Tennis. So exciting!
stream crashed
foesKN:JGbsipoj'lfk'wae
Nittany_Discord: that better not be sarcasm! >:I
Lol.
dangnamit
he really needs to put in 1 good serve
40-15
he hasnt done that all day
I'm back!!!!!!
Goddammit, now I see how people can waste so much money on keys.
This shit's addicting.
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
mY INTERNET was bitching me, so that's why i abruptly left
\o/!
!!!!!!
OMFG NOV 2012 PONYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! A GUY FOUND A PAGE WITH A PONY IN IT AND IT SAID NOV 2012!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!
00,03No.
00,03Snowflake: That was fake.
Pony 2012?
Snowflake what?
Snowflake: Celestia for president?
???
ITS.ABOUT.DAMN.TIIIIIIIIME
PONY 2012 DJKSJSODLD
YAY!
IAM GONNA KILL THAT TROOLL
Snowflake: They were trolling or a reference to KONY 2012
Go MURRAY!~
I WAS SO DAM HAPPY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Snowflake: Where did you see this? :S
/me hops up and down in excitement next to twilight_sprinkle
Get it? PONY instead of KONY?
00,03Also, chill with the caps, please~
IT HAD A PONY IN IT
/me hops around with Unnr !!
Snowflake: Calm down with the canterlot voice, dude.
Boy, you just can't read can you?
Snowflake are you sure it's not trolling?
00,03@AIT!
I WANT SESION 3 :,(
00,03wait*
/me joins in the hopping "Why are we hopping?"
:D About time! So much happy.
Snowflake: Cut the caps.
00,03That's when the comic books are releasing :P
o
I wan't SEASON 3 goddammit!
well, BBC is gonna be all about this the next week :P
AJIsAwesome: Murray just became the first UK Grandslam champion is forever
me 2!!!!!!!!!!!!
Unnr: Where are you guys watching this?
I forgot to change back to my original nick
US Open has an official live stream
00,03I, for one, can wait for season 3, it gives people time to go insane~
Unnr: in about 80 yrs i think
good morning everypony :3
Falon: Hi! :)
twilight_sprinkle: As I said, in about forever. *nods*
/me can also wait for S3.
Unnr did he? Good for him!!!
ello Falon
Hello Falon
iam INSAIN DAMIT DONT YOU SEE ME! IAM GONNA START killin!
Nittany_Discord are you feeling colorless today?
Also twilight_sprinkle, its 76 years
Unnr: still, if Federer wasnt so unlucky with the extended break and game drop, he wouldve won in 3 sets i bet :3
I guess you can say that.
Nittany_Discord i don't see light blue on your sentences
I actually don't mind how long it takes. Even the premiere is aired, we still have to wait.
*premiere date*
I knos.
i dont want powerpuff girls i want My Little Pony!!!!!!!!!!!!!
aight im back from my dinner i had to do a tv dinner
*know
00,03Powerpuff Girls are cool~
twilight_sprinkle: Murray was looking so good in that game vs Ferder... and then it all fell appart
time for dah ceremony
Heh i like blossom
I would like to talk about the episodes........but i would get a permaban for spoilers
buttercup is best pony- I mean powerpuff girls
My Little Pony i LOOVE DONT CARE IF ITS cool OR NOT
Unnr: it didnt fall apart, Federer just picked up his game
-LunarRepublicGuard- barrel rolling
00,03Snowflake: What did I say about the caps...
Scoot-Scootaloo You bet!
twilight_sprinkle: Murray was totally getting sloppy in the end there
Unnr: well whatddya expect chasing down every single hit on a grass court, of course youll get tired
but i love and miss RAINBOWDASHY D,',',',:
Hello everyone :3
twilight_sprinkle: True that. Also I forgot how huge djokovic's ears are
we all do.....
Hello oni_link
oni_link: Hi! :)
Unnr: hes an elf :3
hi oni_link
Man, you're more obnoxious than my brother.
And he's bi polar.
We all do, but we still have to wait.
00,03We all miss Rainbow, but we just have to wait until her work is perfect enough to get shown to us!
How are you LunarRepublicGuard , AJIsAwesome and Obsidian ? :)
So wait rainbow dash is dead?
ITS PERFECT!!!!!!!! i will allways love her!!!!!! miss her so muchhhhhh'
oni_link: Pretty good. How about you?
Rainbow Dash? :S Scoot-Scootaloo?
Snowflake: Chill on the caps.
AJIsAwesome: Great even though today was not a productive day at work. Im just in a good mood all around :P
Unnr: Andy will probably play a lot better from now on, confidence-wise
oni_link: just being on guard duty
twilight_sprinkle: True, being validated with a championship is a huge confidence booster
LunarRepublicGuard: hows guard duty? lol you didnt fall asleep on firewatch did you?
>_> no
I swear. SWAG.MOV is probably the only PONY.MOV that I'm genuinely looking forward to. I really don't care for this series' style of humor, but I'm really curious how it's going to end.
Unnr: funny how Lendl never smiles :P
LunarRepublicGuard: its okay if you did :P haha
:)
Kandarihu: I liked em all, they got incrementally better as they came along IMO. and thats why Im here now :D
i found those .MOV videos so offensive
crush kill destroy swag
superretroworld: in what way
I liked most of them, but the one I can't really stand to watch again is Party.mov.
Heh the egineer thinks trixe is best pony pfft please Rainbow Dash is the best pony
oni_link, you do understand the actual screenings of those videos, besides APPLE.MOV and SPIKE.MOV are not allowed here, right?
twilight_sprinkle: Srs business
I just can't wait for swag.mov
I HAVE FIVE CURES RUNNING AROUND MY HOUSE!!!
whats that thing at the botton right there with those 3 different colors there?
Kandarihu: I do. And the thing for me was that I watched them before I gave the show a try. And now I genuinely like the show and its thanks to that series and YTPs
APPLE.MOV and SPIKE.MOV are fine here. The rest are questionable to flat-out censored.
ERRR... SIX!!! WHEN DID THE SIXTH ONE HAPPEN???
oni_link, I see.
Freefall29: well think about it, they all hate each other, raritys fat, pinkies an alchololic, and they changed fluttershys face
KILL IT WITH FI-YAAAAAH!
Swag.mov will end with everyone being killed I think
superretroworld: she was different in apple.mov
I dislike the .MOV series, but I won't ruin it for peho like it.ople w
people who like it
and then the stream was over :<
youre a good person MASF123 :P
SWAG.MOV might tie in the Tumblr series Ask Jappleack.
Cypresswolf Barbetos AJIsAwesome you guys here?
Sorry keyboard buttons get stuck.
twilight_sprinkle: its still going on though
MrMalk: I am
Nittany_Discord maybe
Nittany_Discord: I think ultimately thats whats gonna happen
Unnr: the one on the USO site?
I liked the first two, Shed.MOV was okay, and I hated Party.MOV
MrMalk: Yep.
yah
so why is their robots attack?
this song <3
Unnr: odd, mine says broadcast is over
Magic.MOV is okay, IMO.
oni_link, I wish I were a good person, or just pure hearted.
I'm back everypo- What the...
though right now its just showing pretty picutures of flags
Is anyone here interested in editing a Borderlands crossover fic? :)
Annn there it ends
hi lowfn
AJIsAwesome: ik, i cant take pinkie seriously now
:3
this song
na na na na na na
MASF123: whats stopping ya? :)
sexy song
Nyan~
Vanacus my friend Nightmaire Moon loves to write and/or edit fanfics.
shut up pyro, song
love this song
oni_link Society
Same.
They can be cruel
Nittany_Discord: Should I start the sequel to Nittany Discord's first adventure?
im a korean
Murray wins his first slam, and Djokovic stays away from Federer's records. goooood :3 although Djokovic still has a very long way to go
MASF123: its unfortunate but I give everyone a chance, if they mess that up then I stop being nice
I just remember coming out of Season 2 dreading nothing more than the effects the remaining 2 PONY.MOV videos would have on the community here. And then worse stuff started running on the stream.
what is the link to this song plzzz
haha
Heh your just like DJ PON3
I'm back, but only for a short while before I head out again.
Well thats it for me tonight. Got a test tommorrow so goodnight everypony!
link to song plz pm
night Obsidian good luck!
Dunno lowfn. I'm canning acting like a maid for a while for professionalism. May not be relevant.
g'ngiht Obsidian
Unnr: btw i think the match was like 1 minute short of being the longest uso final ever
Obsidian: good luck
Obsidian: NIght! :)
night Obsidiam
And then PARTY.MOV came out, and THAT wasn't really a problem.
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ma5vmrVNaA1rywedzo1_400.jpg
Vanacus, I think in Fimfiction his name is Dr. Phd Sparkle or something.
rest well Obsidiam
night Obsidian
8^3
because iam french music right there
twilight_sprinkle: Not suprising there, they were playing hard at the end
I hear Buddy Holly
MASF123 that's fine :)
XD
link to sonfg any one name of it?
i noticed it tf2 only lags when more ppl are on
I'm just drinkin expresso like nothin's happening
superretroworld . . . yeah . . .
Unnr: yeah and with baseline grinding it was. tbh it wasnt a good match until the last set, but the last set with atmosphere was amazing
wub wub wub wub wub
Nittany_Discord: All work and no maids makes Nttany a dull mod.
Lol I made a song in famitracker because of a 2 second sound from a pony YTP :D
twilight_sprinkle: So. Much. Baseline.
/me slaps lowfn
They really need to fix that lag issue.
lol
It makes Nittany an unemployed mod.
Canadian_Brony: were you already in a mtach when i tried to invite you?
IMO, I found nothing really humorous in PARTY.MOV, most of it was disgusting to me. However, if you like it, more power to you.
/me hides in corner away from Canadian_Brony
lowfn How dare you you refer to a mod as dull!
GNIGHT EVERYPONY, see you tomorrow, for if i stay up too long, the Insomia gnomes will sodomize me
*cough
I should say too many maids makes Nittany an unemployed mod.
Bronysith: Night! :)
what is the names of these songs?
night Bronysith
Things in excess are bad.
Bronysith, I know the feeling. Good night.
Hey guys member the old gamecube console and member the starfox adventure games? i beated that game like a couple times it was pretty easy and kicked ass
Unnr: ikr. 54 shot rallies.... Murray couldve attacked a lot more and saved some juices, but he won anyway so idk. Djokovic was playing badly, he was moving so poorly
name of the song?
Bye Bronysith.
bye bronysith
Moopy: easy is boring
superretroworld idk, I was in one server that died, moved to another server, was invited to another by one of my friends, then my . . . everything died.
seeya bronys-
dammit
ah, Starfox Adventures
Unnr: too bad Federer didnt make it to the finals, i bet he wouldve bageled Novak again... also Roddick retired after this tournament :<
Canadian_Brony: Bye! :)
what a strange game
well i had to play it it was fun an all
Roddick retired? Noooo
lol I'm almost finished my first full tune :P
AJIsAwesome I was trying to say goodbye to Bronysith
Starfox Adventures: The unholy abomination of the Star Fox franchise.
but I was too slow
again
Hmp
That was the first Gamecube game I played.
Canadian_Brony: still having connection problems?
Unnr: yeah, he was such a fun guy...
Weird ass dinosaurs and shit
AjIsAwesome that fanfic?
Bronies versus Haters. FIGHT!
We already won
Buytoast: tf2 is also a gamecube game?
i had 2 starfox games like starfox adventures and starfox assault
no
And the red team of Bronies PREVAIL!
what?
i was talking about Starfox Adventures
twilight_sprinkle: Tennis geeking in #bronystate. Taking being nerdy to a new level.
oh
superretroworld nah, that's another computer entirely. I'm borrowing a friend's which actually plays TF2, but then I think my dad started pissing with the switchbox.
One fandom leaks into another.
and when my father tampers with electricity, well . . .
Then you have tennis ponies.
I'm okay with them trying to change up the gameplsy style, but all they really did was copy paste LoZ's gameplay style and add crappy voice actors.
Unnr: its a chat dedicated to a show about cartoon ponies, i dont think we can beat that :P
I had Starfox 64 and Adventures...
i had the starfox poster that was hanging on my wall
Any Borderlands fans here? :)
somebody isn't going to be happy. Usually him
oh
Nittany_Discord: Ponies of Tennis: The Musical?
Yikes.
The Crystal Empire, Part 1 cannot wait.
There was actually a tennis pony in mlp, i wonder who he was modeled after
Anyone remember the Nintendo Power video... Y'know, with the Mario doll...
I actually got Assualt and Adventures mixed up, unfortunately. :|
twilight_sprinkle: That sounds like a challenge...
cachi01|muffin, Wave Race
then i statred playing zoo cube
Wave race yeah :)
And espectialy: "THIS. is the Rumble Pak".
Unnr: heh :P
the very first video game I played was either Super Mario World or Super Mario Kart.
Wave Race is a fun game, even though I could never win it. :D
The Crystal Empire, Part 1
AjIsAwesome IKR
My brain melted upon the golden sounds of the Rumble Pak...
twilight_sprinkle: he just wandered off to bed.
This music reminds me of Super Paper Mario, but I'm not entirely sure why
ah k
Wow, it's been so long, I can't remember the first video game I ever played. Maybe it was the orginal Super Mario Bros 1
First game I beat... Contra 2
A first for any systems.
That was *hard*
ah yes, I love Contra
first game I beat . . . umm . . .
driving around in thosr tanks
Contra 2? Nice
shooting brain aliens teamed up with general morgan
first game i played was MOH
cachi01|muffin: with stock 3 lives
holy god parents know NOTHING about technology...
First game i beat was Luigis mansion lol i love that game
I guess you can't really "beat" Mario Kart: Double Dash, but I did get %100.
Unnr o_o
i miss my old gamecube console i should've brought it down to Willmingtion and played it
cachi01|muffin: I still get the theme for that game stuck in my head.
O___O
Double Dash
c:
why didn't I get it before?
The first game I beated...um, I don't know...I guess in my early childhood was um...Mickey and The Magical Mirror game...y'know, with that ghost...and finding the mirror pieces?
Unnr the theme of luigis mansion gave me.nightmares xd
Yeah, that game...
Mario Kart just got %20 cooler
Mario kart double dash <3
best selling Gamecube game of all time
Dash >(\
IKR?
I just made the connection
Lets see, first game I can remember playing was IT came from the desert.
I prefer Double Dash over 64, IMO. :$
On my dad's lap on the Amiga 2600
i have played every mario kart except super and 64 :(
Well 64 only in an emulator
Hello once again bronystate!
cachi01|muffin: You're not really missing out.
I liked the DS mariokart best.
HoodyNinja: Hi! :)
Hi HoodyNinja :)
I have Mario Kart 64, and DS.
I have yet to play 64, GBA, and DS
I dont know why i keep leaving this place
cachi01|muffin: SNES is HARD, and 64 is slippery.
hi HoodyNinja
08,01nighnall!
HoodyNinja because we are awesome
ello hoodyninja
Canadian_Brony: So, thats why i leave?
wut?
LEAVE?!?
no, not leave!
I can't wait for Mario Kart U. It's obvious Nintendo will make it since the Mario Kart games are on every systems.
I remember when.i got my mario kart wii. They gave me a sweetass mario kart hat :)
Canadian_Brony: This is the 3rd time ive been on today
Expect the NES due to graphic limitations.
HoodyNinja I thought you said why you keep comin back
:D
Canadian_Brony: Thats no mystery, i want to know why i keep leaving
ah
I LOVE MK DS and the arcade one. I played it in Japan for the first time ever and I loved it. :D
idk
mmm das a might nice flare gun
i never was any good at tf2
*mighty
I have a Strange Force-a-Nature
I have yet to use it
superretroworld: It is, I just played it in Japan first.
it sucks :P
AJIsAwesome: that was the namco one right?
Oh yeah, the arcade Mario Kart games...It has Pac-Man in those games, which, speaking of, might give Pac-Man a chance to appear in the next Smash Bros.
oni_link: I think so
has anybody hear heard about the creepy luna game?
AJIsAwesome: Ive played them too , those things are awesome :)
VenHur: That would suck
superretroworld no, and I dont' want to know
I wanna play the F-Zero cabinets :(
Well, I heard Namco Bandai is working on the project, so...yeah.
I wanna play a 64 game on a 64
SuperBrony64:
one of the only Nintendo systems I have never played on
n64 was awesome
^
and I <3 Nintendo
VenHur: Its always Nintendo firsthand though :o And Masahiro Sakurai
not as good as the super ninendo. the super nintendo was a god
I went from SNES straight to Gamecube
*gaasp* You don't own a N64?! The granddaddy of ALL nostalgic games?!
nnope :(
N64 was the last Nintendo console I owned.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LXaHJ1po1V8OgcfJZsoMfAO1vLoB4w-wUY1kNIsa7n4/edit
...I feel SO sorry for you.
my gamecube console color was purple
Here's the fic I mentioned before, please comment to help me make corrections :)
^
Honestly, I associate more with the NES and SNES even though the N64 was really "my generation"
And granddad? What nostalgic games?
Nittany_Discord: so after 10-15 years you never bought another one?
N64 = Our childhood of the 90s.
Nope.
Went to the playstation and Xbox.
you tell me Nostalgic Games, I immediately think of Super Mario World
c:
gah
the snes was superior.
c:
took one look and never looked back
Nittany_Discord: Mario party, oot and mm, super mario 64, clay fighter, need i go on?
M:
N64 is best console
Don't forget Donkey Kong Country 1, 2, AND 3. Shit's awesome.
Nittany_Discord: oh nintendo consoles, i thought you meant all consoles :D
its a duck :P
I had Donkey Kong 64. Thank you very much.
I mean, over sooo many games are said to be the greatest the industry has to offer.
As of now, there are wayyy more NES games I remember playing and keep playing whereas my N64 is just collecting dust.
Does anypony have a PSP?
i have a vita
Mario Party REALLY went downhill after 3, but 9 gave me hope in the series.
I have a DSi
nostalgic games for me - Bucky O'Hare, Primal Rage, TMNT arcade
I miss it when games were actually LONG
^
AjIsAwesome.AFTER 4
Don't know why's DKC 3 is the least acclaimed of the bunch...It's kind of underlooked...
I miss it when they were challenging
cachi01|muffin: True.
My future with consoles is uncertain. It's wait and see for me.
Cypresswolf: Bucky O'Hare and the Toad Wars for the win
I've got a wii, nes, n64, playstation, DS, and PC.... Yeah, I've got a collection
Now I can literally just sit there and beat a game in about...an hour or so
Canadian_Brony: I never saw the point in the DSi. :D
earthbound was very underrated
Well on my PSP i have this game called "Pinball Hall of fame" and im a pinball wizard
Canadian_Brony: It wasn't interesting to me.
superretroworld: very. you should mean VERY VERY VERY
13not sure if anypony still watching
The only console company I still happily go back to time after time is Nintendo
Shizuka: I still am.
Shizuka: Look at the chat!
Shizuka of course I'm still watching
Freefall29: eeyup
I am :p
I'm watching. Won't be for long.
HoodyNinja -_(\
Everypony watching!
and did somebody mention Earthbound?
Oh, and I also LOVED DKC Returns.
I'm watching, kinda
I'm back
and I am
final fantasy 6 vs 7.
Canadian_Brony: ;)
Unnr: You are among the extremely few people I've talked to that know what Bucky O'Hare was /)
hard choice there
We are Shizuka but we are talking memorable consoles :P
VenHur: SAME HERE. That game was FANTASTIC.
Freefall29: 6, no questions asked
I've beaten that game 3 times, one alone, 2 times with friends
Freefall29 I choose Super Mario Sunshine >.>
Cypresswolf: (\
When I heard the news Retro Studios is working on that game, my jaw dropped like there's no tomorrow.
/me still occasionally sings the Bucky O'Hare themesong in the shower
7 was awesome, but 6 is... damn. I gotta say 6.
Phase4: SuperBrony64 is a cow
Anyone here remember the Ninja Gaiden series on NES? THOSE GAMES WERE HARD'
>Ninja Gaiden on NES
bbl, need to eat supper
...That wasnt hard.
VenHur: Plus, I was sick of the Kremlings being the villains, anyways.
NES games were hard in general.
That was brutal.
Never beat an NES game.
Unnr: Do you remember what their ship was called? :)
Im making an extra large rainbow dash :) going to take about 9 hours to print.
Mind-raping brutal.
Which Cure is the original o__o;
oni_link: I own ninja gaiden 1. I still remember cursing. I hate those #$*()_@ birds
I mean, how can they pulled it off from a dark first person shooter, to a more kid friendly platformer?
SpeedyBolt: I still cant beat 2 and 3
/me never beat SMB as a kid. :$
Earliest game I ever beat was Super Mario World, but I nearly 100% that game.
I mastered SNES mario kart
Cypresswolf: The Righteous Indignation, duh
I find it harder than Kid Icarus.
Freefall29: ALways with the birds, I know your pain /)
^_^ YES!
I WAS A GOD!
The one who's staring at the chicks ass, obviously.
And so we played the game...our questions is UNACCEPTIBLE!
SpeedyBolt: I cant beat Kid Icarus D:
HoodyNinja: Funny, I actually suck at that game.
I have right now in my hand MK3, street.fighter II turbo and DK country 3 :)
It's SO hard, oni_link D:
/me misses the Nintendo Cereal.
I can beat the turbo tunnel in battle toads easily
:(
SpeedyBolt: It used to be the only game i had
SpeedyBolt: I love the game but I had to put it down because of that :/
-tells Cure to be cloned- The one getting on the cloning machine is obviously the real one :D
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Funrise Toys Offices - When You See It.... Edition
Hey guys im going to lay down on my bean bag looking and watching the chat and the stream so if anypony needs me of something just ping me or something ok but i'll be here
lol
Freefall29: Im jealous
So I went into my room, and I found a few Genesis cartridges.
But now there's 7.... hmmm
SpeedyBolt: this ought to be good
/me lost all his old games when he moved
I think ninja gaiden really improved my reflexes.... and FPS games like tf2 and doom.
Aero the Acrobat, Sonic 1, Sonic 2, Sonic 3, Sonic 3D Blast
/me "NIN-TEN-DO! It's two cereals in one, wow!" ...GOD, I WANTED THAT CEREAL!
the "I hate mix" apparently?
Fight_club
/me really wants to see a modern re-make of the Mutant League Sports game series
...I played Sonic 3D Blast WAY too much
/me slaps JRP
F1ght club
SpeedyBolt: Did you ever play Sonic Spinball?
Unnr: Bloodbowl is close to it
O_O I spy a Vinyl Scratch in that EQ pic
Too bad I was borned in the N64 days...
I remember, but it was on a different system
oni_link: I actually liked Sonic SPinball. :$
JRP: Fight Club?
JRP: changing the title still counts as breaking rules 1 and 2
I could NEVER beat Spinball.
otakon1: Not in the slightest, really. Bloodbowl is warhammer fantasy and turn based.
Holy shit Sumica actually did it
HoodyNinja: Did what?
Unnr: it's still what Mutant League was based off of
AJIsAwesome: I do too but thats another one I never got to beat. As a matter of fact, I never made it out of Toxic Caves :(
AJIsAwesome: Set it up so you get kicked for talking about battle group
oni_link: I couldn't beat the final level. :D
Been a while since I played L4D(2).
I made it to The Machine on my last life.
HoodyNinja: Oh.
4..wait a minute 3 you...dont let me abandon you/um hello
I remember my genesis games. sonic 1 and stuff. I had aladdin and I would always die at the lava escape level
My brother was a Sonic 1 fanatic.
AJIsAwesome: its the bane of my existance next to Contra which is another on my list :/
I personally preferred Sonic 2 and 3, because of the Multiplayer
ps2 was my personal favourite system <3
YOU'RE TOO SLOW!
I was neutral about the Sonic vs Mario war. I loved both of them equally.
COME ON, STEP IT UP!
SpeedyBolt: Those were my favorite also :3
Oh, Mutant League Sports, that was the time when football gives an "F YOU!" to the NFL lisence.
otakon1: But then you get into Mutant League Hocky
AJIsAwesome: me too /)
I mean, football games.
You should see how many you can clone before the game crashes :p
super mario bros 2 ftw. I don't care what you say, its awesome
and I could not bring myself to stop loving Tails.
oni_link: (\
Freefall29: I actually didn't mind that game. It was pretty good, IMO.
But I personally think my favorite systems are the N64 and Dreamcast.
Freefall29: I liked it too, it was a nice change up, it got the same cold shoulder as Zelda II just because they wanted to do something new
As for the game itself...HOLY BLOODY BATMAN CRUNCHIES! I LOVED IT!
Much better than the Japan version. :S
Why is everyone on this sight a gamer?
SpeedyBolt: Classic Tails <3
Classic Tails is best Tails.
SpeedyBolt: /)
(\
the new sonic as a whole is annoying
i wish banjo and kazooie were still here (i dont beleve theyll make another game)
Banjo had a heart attack from all that Piz-
Labyrinth Zone. I liked it.
Let's face it, THEY SUCKED, but then you got some rare goodys.
Freefall29: he has some redeeming qualities, its just that its gotten to story heavy when its always been about stopping Robotnik.
VenHur: i dont remember banjo kazooie having a water level unless you count rusty bucket bay
VenHur: p1+ro*g*h1+1/2*ro*v^2=constant
VenHur: Clankers cavern was so easy for me!
One nightmare that I will NEVER forget
Freefall29: and the acting is horrendous
Rusty Bucket Bay
VenHur: hows that for water levels
HoodyNinja: Games are a common cultural touchstone in the generations that view the site. Its the same thing as earlier generations sitting around talking about movies.
and Jolly Roger's Lagoon.
Super Metroid SuperBrony64
I LOVED Labyrinth Zone's music. Favorite track from Sonic 1.
You don't have to be a gamer to have played and loved a few games
contra ftw
/me misses video game cereal. :(
Sewer Surfin' from TMNT 4 Turtles in Time was a breath of fresh air from...THAT OTHER WATER LEVEL.
Now i feel like playing tf2...
me and my bro, man. those were the days
Water Levels... Honestly all I can add to this is THE WATER TEMPLE in OOT
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. Enough said. :(
*cough* *TMNT 1* *cough*
Fuck OoT's Water Temple
AJIsAwesome: oh crap I forgot that, YOU WIN
What about Great Bay Temple?
ocarine of time is overrated. its not as good as link to the past. no where near as close.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle Pies. *sigh*
How about that darned lava chase sequence in the Aladdin game?
SpeedyBolt: that thing was a bitch D:
What should I call my new tune?
inb4 spy spam :D
oni_link: IKR?! So much water level changing...
Freefall29: And even that is beaten by Twilight Princess
HoodyNinja: HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA- no.
Ecto Cooler flavor...SIGH...
Freefall29: :D
Freefall29: It was my first zelda experience which is why I like it but it is overrated and it ruined LTTP for me :/
I miss TANG........*sigh*
VenHur: Somepony backsolved the Ecto Cooler recipe
I cant bring myself to hate one Zelda game.
Unnr: They did?! :O
SpeedyBolt: and ice platforms ....They had us going up and down and all around like fools and it took FOREVER
this is awesome
Freefall29 no oot was epic
thing about OOT. The dungeon boss is very close. go in, take a left. and you're there. in LTTP, you gotta go up several floors (or down) and bring potions are required. I'm at the water temple atm, and not a single potion was used yet.
oni_link: and they purposely put Gyorg there
JUST TO PISS US ALL OFF
SpeedyBolt: I dont hate LTTP by any means but I feel like if I had played that one first I would be agreeing with you
Dang you caht derps!
*chat
Freefall29: Nobody uses potions
also, that god damn navi keeps telling me the boss weakness. in lttp, half the fun was finding the boss weakness and exploiting it
XD
in oot
People used potions in aLttP?
Unnr: ...GIVE THAT MAN A FUCKING MEDAL! [no, really]
SpeedyBolt: SCREW GYORG
Freefall29: Same for TP
in link to the past. its almost required
OMG
THIS SONG
awww damn SONIC 3D
I've mastered that Sonic game.
/me actually liked Sonic 3D. :$
...When I was, mabye 6.
Have two degrees. Not using any of them at the moment. :/
SpeedyBolt: that game was soo weird to me
I remember that xkcd
It was a bit straightfoward
Guys this are some of my games :) http://t.co/EpuOqf3W
anybody played mother?
Kill robots, get flickies, feed them to rings.
Mother, as in...Ninten and things?
I actually liked Sonic 3D Blast...I don't mind the overhead angle and the gameplay...
Nittany_Discord: I'm pretty sure something will turn up eventually.
nice setup cachi01|muffin
VenHur: Me too.
But yeah, it COULD of been better.
haha no
My mom used to be the best gamer in the family
It will.
otakon thx.i need a bigger tv lol
I'm the best gamer in my family.
I need to change my background - Anypony have an awesome Lyra background?
yeah, but i mean the game play was really floaty to me. I dont hate it but i cant sit and play it for too long
SpeedyBolt: yeah. mother 1... earthbound zero.
...Sigh...If only Sonic Mars/Xtreme was ever released...
cachi01|muffin: it's okay
Bill Nye?
nice remix Shizuka
I can only get beat in Pokemon, by my friend.
Stupid fire alarm........BRB.
VenHur: I know :/
how about beatdown lol
BILL BILL BILL BILL
ill name it that
BILL BILL BILL BILL BILL BILL BILL BILL
BOB
THE BUILDER
damn!
Lol
Guardian Bob is better!
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ma5x83Nnp91rywedzo1_500.jpg The oxygen bar broke again :(
Spongebob is better
Bob the procrastinator!
I wish that the 64DD would have been released worldwide and had success, we would have seen a TOTALLY DIFFERENT OOT and ZELDA DLC
Bob the Builder built my house.
Oh god...the SUFFERING memories of that show...it's comming back!!
Doom
oni_link dlc.........
i'm gonna be going everypony. later
OH NOES :(
"Can We Fix It?" [Robotnik's voice] NO!
Speaking of old shows...
Clifford the Big Red Dog.
^
Yes
Dat show
^
cachi01|muffin: okay well technically its a disk add on but same concept :P
;3;
I miss it.
Fucking...CLIFFORD.
I HATED CLIFFORD
Lol
wb :P
>Hated Clifford
Good thing Cure is there to fix it :P
I still love clifford to this day
Clifford hates you too.
So does Emily.
Lol
:D
I loved Mr Rogers :<
Mr. Magic, anypony? :)
I will fight anyone in here about it
Clifford and His Big Giant Red Ass
Cliff Hanger, hanging from a cliiiff...
Mr.Rogers scared me, but I still watched him alot.
Cure is there to fix everything. THANK YOU CURE <3
And that's why he's called Cliff Hanger
And thats why he's called Cliff Hanger, VenHur :3
You Can't Do That On Television? :)
My hands smell like bleach!
God, I loved that skit...
Who did you murder?
IKR^
If clifford was.male..... And he was giant...... Oh god those,people didnt deserved.to watch that
I bet Cliff Hanger prayed for everyday to be his last.
hoodyninja: i <3 that show
HOORAY FOR CURE!!!
Imagine your fate being to hang on a cliff forever.
cachi01|muffin: he was probably spayed/neutered :D
This is some good music Shizu :3
HIP HIP
Really? O_o Nobody....:S Thats a shame no one remembers those shows
PENIS!!!
Buytoast: Epic upper body workout!
XD
shine on
Not when you're just dangling there.
Cliff Hanger, the 24/7 show
I remember watching PBS Kids for WAY too late in my life. My mom kept me sheltered from the non-educational cartoons for a while. But even after the restraints came off, I felt like I was making myself better by sticking to PBS. In it's defense, I loved Square One TV
WIN!
I think I remember ONE episode of Cliff, something's to do with a genie...
What's that graph on the right?
...I don't know, my mind's blank on that show.
I think I was about 12 when I finally stopped watching PBS
I find myself watching Arthur after school sometimes.
MASF123: Something to do with music
oh
MASF123: system info i think
like FPS
And I said, HEY! [Hey!] What a wonderful time to play.
Gotta go.
Or what oni_link said
DAMN that theme song!
later Nittany_Discord :)
bye colorless Nittany_Discord
bai Nittany_Discord
Bye Nittany_Discord!
Goodbye, Nittany_DiscorD :<
I've always wanted to play turok for M64 but i've never had a chance
Bye nittany!
Whatever happened to DW's imaginary friend?
Bye bye Nitt ^_^
The gerbil in the nightgown
N64*
She's working corners now.
Did she just up and vanish?
One of my earliest favorite cartoons were Muppet Babies and Garfield & Friends.
cachi01|muffin: I was never good at that game :/
SpeedyBolt: thats horrible :D
To be honest.
Turok was fun. Turok 2 was one of the best FPSs ever made.
Building corners doesnt seem too hard.
lmao oh you :3
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lsqmicSmdq1qju6n5o1_500.jpg Those are some tiny boobs
Oh god...Muppet Babies...
SpeedyBolt: Sit down son, we need to have a talk
Muppet babies.dafuq
alright someone tell me whats going on?
Plz/.
Dovah: You must be new here.
...and some big ass hair :P
SpeedyBolt: not even close
Shizu Shizu, you are best Pyro <3
Shizu scares heavy?
SpeedyBolt: been here 2-3 months
Oh...
Dovah: IT'S DANGEROUS TO GO ALONE, TAKE THIS. [gives muffin]
Well, basically, Rainbows are happening
VenHur: :)
So this is Shizuka's new outro. It's a real beaut
13out no
VenHur: dat quote
When did we watched Clue at BMN? 6 months ago?
pony?!
I approve, of course that doesnt matter
no
Shizuka
this is just awesome
So you're still streaming after this?
/me flies over to Shizu and nestles in her mane. .///.
agreed
13canary canary~<3
skyrim!
a'wwwww
Shizuka: this is great :)
Hi bronies/Ponies :)
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lsnujkThfL1qju6n5o1_500.jpg hmmmm
Tweet tweet Imma bird Shizu :3 :3
wow I must be behind
WildRepublicGuard: NO! Thats my game!!!
dammit im missing Shizu new ending reel :(
hey Pikachu
Ohai, talking Pikachu!
3 spots for MvM anyone want in ?
Hi Pikachu :)
derp
cachi01|muffin: just meet the Shizu is all
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Invite please
that was a perfect transition
Pikachu: WILD PIKACHU APPEARED!
Ded?
Stupid fire alarm.......... :|
AJIsAwesome: Trololololo
Gaaaasp!
what's this?
....OH. MY GOD.
Eyeball?
Uggh so tire3d :(
otakon oh yay
00,02eeeeee-brty
SHIZUKA YOU ARE A GOLDEN GODDESS.
OH Bill Nye!
00,02i derp yypte dat
whooooooooo
13fun fact
00,02derp keyboard
BILL MYE
13bob ross is in this
LadyCanary: it took you THIS long?
13ded srs
BILL BILL BILL BILL BILL
BILL BILL BILL BILL
? Long for what?
:3
/me hugs Shizuka "You bring up awesomeness"
Science guy the bill nye
BILL BILL BILL BILL BILL BILL
00,03Bill Nye is MLG <3
"Science rules!" DAAAAAMN RIGHT!
Back when disney was good at live action tv
00,02BILL NYE THE SCIENCE GUY
LadyCanary: to realize Shizuka is a golden goddess.
XD
EYES.
HoodyNinja: Lies. That was never.
EYES
00,03He's also an evolutionist who's anti-creationist >:
those round squishy things in your heaad
00,02this show is very good
squishy eyeballs? theyre going to do an eyebal squishing test?
im an anti creationist
Reikim: Suite life?
00,02and should be on tv still
Reikim: bill nye is proof!
Phase4: totally
00,03No love for Beakman's World?
HoodyNinja: ...Really? That's good?
Scoot-Scootaloo: no he's not against it but his arguement is that NOT teaching evolution is stupid
Scoot-Scootaloo: <3 Lester
Reikim: :o
Scoot-Scootaloo: I watched Beakman more
00,03You guys are communist if you don't know who Beakman is :|
IM COMMUNIST
Hi Guys
tada
OF SCIENCE!
I'm so disappointed in Bill Nye for that
I'm a communist
Scoot-Scootaloo: Also Frank and Herb were the best penguins ever
Bill Nye is superior to Beakman.
00,03Als, thank you otakon, I appreciate you even more...
13DA DADA DAAAAA
Our eye are connected to our brain...Andross must of seen this episode.
13ded
hello Scoot-Scootaloo i am communist
00,03also*
Beakman's World... I almost forgot that show.
I remember the guy in the rat suit
Also, anyone debating the evolution thing on religious grounds: the majority of major religions admit its existence. Science fact.
but u probably dont even know what communism is Scoot-Scootaloo if that was intended as an insult
Eye see u Shizu :3
Ded.
Mr. Wizard is the best though
13i see what you did there canary canary :3
God_The_Atheist: Oyou your name
00,03God_The_Atheist: I say a lot of things~
Teehee~
HOW PROCESS
so do i
that kid is one of his lab kids, he shrunk him and mounted him on a stick for not working hard enough
i say things i dont even mean sometimes
This happens instantly
I have a challenge, do 20 puns of the word "eye" in 1. minute.
Ms. Sprinkle...that's a good theory
ONE. MINUTE.
That's a guy, SpeedyBolt. I think.
VenHur: Eye don't think this is possible.
wtf
13eye don't think we can
VenHur: eye dont think eye can do it
VenHur: IMPOSSIBRU!
dammit
EYe'll see what I can do. :D
Eye dunno.
I know it's a guy.
But you know...Twilight.
Eye me mateys.
eye am an atheist
2,14 these puns are cornea
-_(\
eye dont see eye to eye with you there VenHur
this is gay
VenHur: Eye Eye Captain
Eye think there's something in my eye. :D
SHUT UP MOM, I'M LEARNING
U r gay snowflake!
Caramel: eye c wat u did thar
eye eye yi
Eye think I'll pass.
Eye'm scared!
Snowflake look who's talking
00,02XD
You guys are horrible...
:p
Eyes on the stream, people
ebert and ropert. FUCK YEAH.
Eye poke my eye with a stick
Eye don't know about this
And we have random Siskel and Ebert in this one
I MEAN SISKEL AND EBERT
13i love the callbacks to past nye gags, like compass man from the magnetism ep
Derp D:
Caramel, I'll retina know one thing. I totally agree
then poke out your eyeballs
woo sorry guys iam not the only who like little girls shows
Shizuka: FATHEAD.
lol
OMG
I SEE IT
Sounds like the work of cyriak to me.
i dont hav fingers
Roger and Ebert, they were the original Nostalgia Critics before we even knowed Doug Walker.
Eye see no evil.
I GREW A FINGER
Eye hera no evil. :3
Is that slenderman ln the.background?
Yes.
hear
the eyes have it
lmao
Aaand time's up! How many eye puns are there in total?
About 20
venHur eye dont know
SuperBrony64: can I has hug?
Eye Eye Eye The Science guy
BLACK MAGIC
Eye eye eye the science eye
bill eye the science geye
Deeeeeeaaaaaaaaaad.
SuperBrony64, Eye didn't know you were here.
Took you long enough.
This kids are Bill's pupils
What, are you powerleveling? Again?
I'm going to murder one of you :$
13some ponies are like shizu and are too pasty to have melanin anywhere
Nah, I hit the cap already. I had TF2 up.
...
GRABENN PEELZZZZZ
my eyes are white but im not blind its just my weird white eyes
00,02FOCUS
God damn man.
Shizuka: melanin plz
Fuckus
How do you even level that fast?
I am white as HEEEEEELLL
I wish he was still on TV.
13FOCUSING
what if u hav two differnt color of eyes
eye just don't know what went wrong
13oooooOOOoOOOOOOoOOoooo
EYE SEE wut ya did there! :D
00,02God_The_Atheist, pic?
Why is chubby here staring at me, Shizu? o______-o
Magic.
Bill is going to get in touch with one of his contacts
what the hay are we watching?
So wait...then...Shizu has blue eyes?
lol LadyCanary
13ja
ah bill nye
/me notes this for drawing reference
/me smashes his head into the wall
Eye fail to see the humor in this joke. :|
13silly rei
CaesarAugustus: Maaaaybe on the Sy-Fy or Discovery Channel.
*SyFy
pred
13http://fav.me/d5ea77s
he had derp eyes
This is a scam
:P
contact lense from a plastic bag
This shit is totally a scam
...Shizuka. What.
nice shizu :3
this box that they could not at all get any copy rights
hey kids try cutting up plastic and putting it in your eye
this has no ponys in it
Dat voice
dat voice :D
lmao
Addendum: holy damn I love MadMax's art.
What the hell...
Ah don't think they parodied Frosted Flakes with Dat Cereal. >_>
lol
sounds like a first time new grounds animation guy
Rosted lakes
OH GOD
Quick_Thinker: IKR :D
HOLY SHIT.
oh yeas
ohhh this guy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
And suddenly, Bob Ross
:O
HAPPY TREE GUY!
oh my
Nice hair.
I loved that song :(
holy shit
Bob Ross
all my yeses
happy little songs
THE Bob Ross
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lsq3ef6Tor1qlfcoeo1_250.png well then.
00,02happy trees
happy little rocks
GO ON BONDOCKS AGAIN
hahaha
suddenly bob ross
13if anyone knows where to find a torrent of all of joy of painting, please let me know
So let's paint some happy little tree
Um...Bob Ross?
big happy trees
XD
Who now?
Happy little rods
Shizuka: lol
lol happy little rods
FUClk
lets paint
Today we'll paint the CBS eye logo
you know
Wrek = Bob Ross
we didnt even get to see a lot of bob
and then she died
:p
lol
Girl's a dog.
DA RED ONE YA DUMB BITCH
Next they'll probably show the Eye Witness News
ded
OU
terrorists win
Eye think this joke has gotten old.
VenHur: lmao seems about right
no shit
Eye dont think so
ded
HE CANT SEE
Seems Legit
/me tabs back to stream sees Bob Ross.... fuck yeah
MASF123, Eye See what you did there
Eye misunderstood. :D
Eye see a circle
good bob is back
NOW STAY
...G\DAMNIT
Bill Nye television network is best network
Have we gone through every eye saying we can possibly do yet?
...Oh. mY GOD.
lol Bob Ross "lets paint a little tree here,this'll be out little secret...and IF you tell ANYONE about that tree,I will come to your house and CUT YOU. O_O" family guy lol
PLZ STOP THE EYE PUNS PLZ
the fuck
white guy fro
IT'S.....THAT GUY.
mlg
It can't complete until we do
LadyCanary, Bob Ross
Eye am sorry, WildRepublicGuard
HAPPY
He even made that shit look good
JESmith71 Eye am not sure
SO BOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRRINGGGGGGGGGGGGG
Lol those guys.
lol
Fight. Club
is it a stairing contest?
They love eachother.
(  die puns
Love prevails all.
SHE STARES INTO YOUR SOUL!!!!
Dont say fight. Club
ELLYPHANT
What if weegee and fluttershy have a baby?
also just going to say i have seen a person do a stare battle for 4 hrs HE WAS CRYING and could not stop
And then 85 years later, they been turned into ashes and was STILL staring. The end.
well thats all i got IM OUT B STATE
lol
later Quick_Thinker
bye Quick!
Quick_Thinker, l8r
Quick_Thinker: SEE you later
Super Nintendo
SNES
Hi everpony
everypony*
OtakuTom: Hi! :)
And then he walks into traffic...
00,02snes without site?
Hey there, otakon
00,02thats impresive
a blind man... riding a bike... in NYC
... OtakuTom
dat site
Phase4: they are pros D:
hahaha
ello OtakuTom
00,02sight'
Lets get that kid who can see with echo location
that ... doesnt seem safe
00,02derp
Hi everypony.
/me NOW YOU GOT THE POWER! SUPER POWER!
I failed, otakon :P
and somehow play pokemon
and then he died.
Kinixys: Hi!
Hi AJIsAwesome , Polydunami .
Oh hey, Kinixys
Phase4 say FIGHT. CLUB
The Three Pole Gang
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ls4ymeC6qz1qju6n5o1_500.jpg
I think I've gotta start keeping track of how many times that happens, Polydunami :P
...No
00,02JRP, Fight club
"You'll Never See Them Coming."
Polydunami: how did you fail?
I want to get the fuck out of the way
My mother is a blind rehab teacher. She helps the visually impaired learn to be independant.
00,02you do taht with math!
I pinged you instead of OtakuTom, otakon :S
Phase4 say club fight
00,02Glitch, interderps?
It's Bronye.
LoL
00,02JRP, club fight
ded
Lol
Phase4 yep
Polydunami: ah
The Club in which Fighting is done is going to be a running gag this week till the movie plays isn't it?
13squeamish people should probably look away for a bit
vonk
cight flub
I thought I recognized that segment with the blind kids...I loved watching this show when I was younger :3
god dammit link, this isn't your game
Kandarihu Awesome :)
imanacularist
So much eyes
F!ght Club
Eye cant take it.
a what?
oh my
13you were warned..
...Oh god
Nice.
or you clothes
Feyeit club
your*
wow
What is it?
Oh GOD!
00,02oh wow
13this stuff creeps me out like crazy..
Hehehe.
Wow cool!
holy CRAP tha is creepy
holy.fuck.
wow D:
oh my
Shizuka: me too dear GOD
FOR KIDS
What is it???
This is scary shit.
13i mean sure it's perfectly safe and blah blah blah
This is a kids show???
Shouldn't this be CENSORED!?
13still gives me major shivers
me too Shizuka , me too :(
^
Dead Space 2 eye machine anyone?
Wonder how many kids were creeped out by that
Oh come on it's not that bad.
I'm not anywhere near a computer!
It's only an eye.
00,02VenHur, well its not full of gore or anything
MY GOD! WHAT THE FUCK DISNEY?!
There's an even better explanation of how this is done on a show called How It's Made.
why would scince be censored?
You see this shit on Discovery sometimes.
Sketch_Toku_Brony: HAD to be inspired by this
13oh yeah how it's made did eyes
13i know they did hearing aids
ikr otakon :D
God_The_Atheist: bc it's disturbing looking
now eat it
Sketch_,Toku_Brony EYEsac didnt SAW that one.coming
00,02we are instinctively protective of our eyes
yeah
13tvtropes "eye scream"
cook
only if your immature its just the human body
And everyone is freaking out over an eye becauuuse.....?
eyes are VERY important
Let it cook for about an hour.
...
Sammy Davis Jr.
00,02thats why so many 'scary' things are eyes
Lovely.
This is fucking...what?
Sound effects!
xD
O_o
Holy shit wtf
Son-of-a-bitch.... :[
.................................
for.....kids......omfg*pukes*
O,O
damn
still creepy looking
It's cool, but scary
eyes hurt
INTO YOUR SOUL
I would get a different color eye, I would.
I winced
poor Bill
Heh. That was cool.
Eye died in RED DEAD Multi
Fraggin' onions.
DAMN THE ONIONS
....Mooommy, I think I taken a whizz on the eletric fence again!
/me doesn't get why everyone is freaking out over an eye
Sorry, that has to be intended. My bad.
Seriously, is it possible to damn an onion? Do onions have souls?
13quit the close uuuup ><
I SEE IT
Focuuuuus
Dat face
wow I didnt know and now I do :P
:[ GET IT OUT OF MY FACRE
HA!
....I love this man.
YES I SEE IT.GODDAMN IT
00,02XD
CRAAAAAAAWLING IIIIIIIN MY SKIIIIIIIIIIN
I'm laying on a couch
lol
Real tears, Bill. Real tears.
poor Bill
I think he's overworked.
I remember why I loved this show so much
00,02i cant see it due to stream quality
me too LadyCanary
13i love the deadpan announcer
XDD
A blue couch
is it bills time of the month?
Where's my ipod?
:p
lol. I didn't see the appeal of this show initially but it's really a lot of fun.
Shizuka: me too, what is his name?
13dunno
Eye don't know his name.
00,02otakon, Anouncer
william nye?
...
13also fun fact, "streets of new york" is the name of a pizza chain
/me really hates not having a computer now
13goddamn good pizza
This is serious, now. WILLIAM Nye.
cachi01|muffin: Bill is short for William
neat
13i miss it like crazy...
MAGIC
Billzilla
I remember that, it was from Disney World
that greenscreen
no such thing as magic
/me in the staring contest...
damn STILL staing
I have a theory.
00,02BILL! YOUR GIANT
PillowPoni you have ps3? Then watch the stream on the ps3
AND STILL they haven't blinked.
....
That was the Disney-MGM New York Street
Ryunosuke: it was a set at Disneyland
They both tried to steal eachother's souls at-
SHE DID IT
PillowPoni im watching it right now on my PS3
HE FUCKING BLINKED!!
As Garfield once said. "This could go for weeks."
Staring is harmful for your eyes. Just sayin'.
boyz vs girls
in le toilet
13DID YOU KNOW THAT
...Never mind.
Huh?
NOW YOUR SOUL IS MINE!!
lol.
lol
congrats. You win nothimg
yes
I DONT
13NOW YOU KNOOOOW
wow i didnt
Cachi01|phone: I don't have a ps3. All I have is a PS2 and that's not set up for anything online. I'm also on my phone
Eye ball
I did not know that
I KNOOOOOOW NOW
AND KNOWING IS HALF THE BATTLE!!
oh sweet, i have two extra pingpong balls
all babies are born with blue eyes
Thanks magic talking lightbulb!
le amazingly drawn tiolet
Glasses FTW! :)
So we'd see in 2D?
VenHur: G.I.JOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOE
WOAH
Song.
PillowPoni|Phone: what phone?
AW this shit
NO not this
inb4 cheesy song
Okay...babies being born with blue eyes...I don't remember that...lol
SpeedyBolt: if we only had one eye
Parody time?
...
lmao I loved these vids :D
God my childhood.
Cachi01|phone: LG Optimus. Straight talk phone. Android 2.3.4
Fight club
This is kinda catchy.
i still see things in 3d even when i cover up an eye
there was another show i used to watch, I think it was called SNOOPS or something like that
Bill Nye is best musical artist
PillowPoni Xperia Play R800 android 2.3.4 :)
Still better than Justin Bieber.
I remeber when they did a Black Hole Sun Paradoy.
Fightclub
I see everything in a Paper mario view when I cover one eye
Bill_Nye: It's an OPTICAL ILLUUUUSIIIION~! But seriously, that's your brain making up for your eyes' handicap.
( 
Fight-club
PillowPoni|Phone: have you tried using the browser?
CaesarAuguatus THEY DID A BLACK HOLE SON PARODY?
with WiFi
war bar
:)
AWEEESOMR
Eyup
Sumica fight-club
Actually some babies are born without eyes. Often in places like that mercury-rich area in Japan.
>Born without eyes
GUITAR SOLO FOR THE WIN!
This is the fabled thalidomide case, right?
That's scary as heck, Reikim
My eyes are green yay
My eyes are...black?!
people see in 3d due to light shading not multipul reference points
lol
Roger and Ebert again!
DO
00,02Shizuka, http://pastebin.com/2qbRKh3R
DONT LEAVE ME, BILLY
:<
i wont
cachi01|phone yes I have and it says I need to downlaod flash player on my phone. Idk if I can or not
OH I GET IT
Oh Ebert...
>
I luv u <3
Pfft.
Billy
^^
LoL
whooo bill :)
troll
PillowPoni i have it. So yeah i think u can
Now that the show's over, Bill's going on vacation. He's going out to see.
How dare I leave
"Eye love these guys." So do eye, Bill. so do eye...
EYE SEE
THE PUNS
Bill did a better pun than all of you.
>.(\
Just wanted to get one last pun out before the ep ends
SpeedyBolt yes he did xd
Eye think this was a great episode to see.
the puns r killing me x_x
I miss this show
Bill Neye is better than all of you together.
Now i'm done
whoo!!!!!!!!!!!
Eye miss this show. :P
Bob ross?
This song <3
Well, that's all to see folks, get it, that's all to SEE?
0,14OMG
Aw shit. Bob Ross.
0,14YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSsss
This jazz. So damn smooth.
Sounds a bit...sexy
Oh just the intro
I feel like I'm being seduced.
Ohhh, so THAT'S Bob Ross...
And then SaxyPretender bursted in joy
Reikim: i know right :P
13sorry just a teaser
Movie Night already?
Are you okay there, Saxy?
*facehoof* I'm an idiot box.
13unnr found me a torrent so hopefully it
I'm okay with this.
13will work
Hows about Lamb Chop's Play Along?
I've never seen Bob Ross.
And then AJ died THE END
*How's
yay Shizuka :)
Cure just cloned himself without me telling him to.
00,02need more railings
Hi guys
Meanwhile: Same.
I have a question for y'all
Hey there, WindWhistler
Shizuka, its working? Yay!
hi WindWhistler!
WindWhistler: Hi! :)
Are any of you going to Midwestria this Saturday?
Hello WindWhistler
GOD DAMMIT CURE
Nope sorry
I'm trying to decide if I should go or not
WindWhistler: Mid westria?
> 3>
Because that's my birthday
Not me
and...sorry no.
DA=a fuck?
wow
WEEEE
I work weekends, so I can't go :(
Why are all the conventions in another country?
/me lives in Vancouver, a good distance away from the midwest.
WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
00,02suddenly riven
AAAAAAAAH!
Homer: "OOH, A ROLLERCOASTER!"
Yikes...that looks like it would be scary...
This Roller Coaster Tycoon 4?
00,02weeeeeeee
Great...now I wanna play more of the Myst series XP
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!!
lol
back from some errands what have i miss?
/me hates rollercoasters
Too scary. ;-;
Bill Nye, thelonepony
Over already? :<
00,02OtakuTom, make sure you do
thelonepony: Bill Nye on Eyes
Hullo everypony -- we appear to be back to MIPS?
Oh this is Myst?
thelonepony: Bill Nye and Bob Ross.
eeyup tSparx
SPONGEBOB
Cachi01|phone flash player isn't compatible with my phone. So no stream till I can get to a computer
<3
00,03Rollercoaster Tycoon 2 was best RT
NASTY PATTY!
Needs to be 20% Cooler.
SPONGEBOB!!!
Yes!!!!!!!
thelonepony: Bill Nye and a whole bunch of eye puns in chat
I bet I missed a RiffTrax
/me moves his chair to pretend he is on a real rollercoster
and its one of the old episodes
thelonepony: Made me almost write "errands," you know how that words :$
So you KNOW its good
Nasty Patty...I remember this episode...
/me hugs Shizuka "You are awesome"
And now Drew Carey randomly showed up at my house xD
XD
I liked the open green plain rollercoaster level in one better.
But 2 was nice.
This episode scared me more than the Halloween episodes
I remember all Spongebob episodes :)
I love this place so much
XD
/me hugs everything in the chat
13i only show seasons 1-3
13the only ones
/me hugs oni_link
/me glomps oni_link :)
13everyone knows the series was cancelled after the movie
Shizuka: Thank you.
Shizuka: the good ones? like there's no 11th Doctor right?
Inb4 MURDER!
Indeed.
only seasons 1-3 are the only real ones
lol this episode :D
Shizu you mean of sponebob?
He IS a Sponge. :p
Damn it!
lmao
Or of Doctor Who!?
handsome XDD
Flirty, are we?
00,02its all sponge
Is it me or Mr. Krabs can smell ANYTHING and EVERYTHING?
Phase4: he's 100% ma-male.
Health Inspector shoud of been in the Dinner Dash games, they should be that Death Penality.
13powdered driftwood...?
Stuff it all
damn it chat derp on me!
diet red tide
crunchy kelp dogs actually sound good
One miss, Instaint. Game. Over.
Everyone is screaming his face except one of the clones, he's just thinking it. lol
anyone remember the robot chicken skit of krabs making the food out of fish 0_o?
Fancy
Shizuka: I think I heard that too
lol
otakon: It's not that Matt Smith is a bad Doctor -- but Moffat (besides his Tennant works) is a terrible writer >_>
Who agreed?!
sludge pudding :D
tSparx: lol
lol
/me dances
dat Orpheus in the Underworld
I love that Fish.
Dat Can-Can.
DAmn that Fish
We interrupt this Can Can.
FREEEEE FOOOOOD?!
FREEEEEE FOOOOOD?!
()
13WE'VE BEEN SMACKLEDORFED!
Loony Loofah
loony loopa
Inb4 it's a real inspector
FREEEEE FOOOD?!
Inb4 MURDER
Shizuka: that's not even a real word and I agree with you!
Volcano sauce.
Meh, Midwestria doesn't look that exciting...
I got tickets to a RUSH concert a week from Saturday :3
Shizuka, that's not even a word and I agree with ya!
Dancin' with the crab man.
Wait... my son can flirt with me....
There isn't even a best pony discussion on Saturday
Needs more poison...and Tater Sauce.
"Join me boy or you're fired"
wait
tSparx nice :) have fun! Rush is an awesome band
why dos he have a jar of...
HE DOESN'T EVEN HAVE TOES
I can't reveal my love for Wind Whistler
And...Tarter Sauce...
Ok now this is just sick...
Dont even ask.
EWW...
It's one of life's mysteries
this reminds me of the time i killed a fedral officer by accident
lol
13oblivious inspector is oblivious
I'm back.
otakon: Maybe he collected them from someone else
Can he not-
XD
cachi01|phone: Listening to /Rush in Rio/ as sort of a refresher; they haven't been new to me since middle school, haha
:P
dat fly
JESmith71: they're ALL fish, NO ONE down there has toes
Sandy maybe since she's the only creature who's have nails
ha, look at him dying!
Inspector is suffering
Yes, Daeth. Funny.
Laugh at his face
He is dying.... LAUGH AT HIM!
ded.
haha, he's dying:D
otakon: Sandy?
wait
hahahahah :(
Why is there a fly underwater anyway.
HOW DID A FLY GET DOWN THERE?
wait . . . how does a fish choke to death?
(>_<) not good
LOL
Now you're fucked.
13sandy's fault
NO QUESTIONS>
Canadian_Brony: how does a fly FLY underwater?
Its all Squidward's fault.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
otakon no . . . it's a swim
AAAAAAAAAAAA
Canadian_Brony: lol
"Join me boy or you're fired"
AAAAAAAAAAH- [peeks] AAAAAAAAAAAAH!
13i'll never survive in prison THEY'LL MOP UP THE FLOOR WITH ME
[>_<]
That's because you're a sponge.
Corpsy
Mop up the floor... with a sponge.
It's all icky and corpsey.
I'm glad McDonald's isnt in Equestria 0_o http://perryviking.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/carnivoreshy-is-best-pony.jpg?w=490&h=448
i'll.never survive in prison.... Later in the series he gets arrested and he gets out like if nothing ever happened
Ded again.
LOL
Dumb rock.
heh
I dunno Shizuka...I'd be more afraid of the other inmates...
or flame?
A ROCK?!
Dumb rock.
Canadian_Brony: Magic.
WHAT A BRAVE ME
ahem
Canadian_Brony: fire
*MAN
Its weird hearing.this in english lol
Where did...nevermind.
*ahem*
STOP RIGHT THERE CRIMINAL SCUM
SCIENCE!!!!1!!!
...Just turned stream back on
These cops are oblivioous.
Well ba-bye everypony
Dahahahaha.
SHIZU, THIS QUALITY IS AMAZING
scumbag cops
bye lowfn
lowfn: Bye.
Meanwhile in ponyville. . . . . . .
bye lowfn
DUN DUN DUN
seeya lowfn
I can hear EVERYTHING Shizu! :3
Money shovel
muddy
DAT AWKWARD LAUGH
DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Get away!
Bonk
Dat faec.
Dead AGAIN!
Nyahaha
Hehehehahahaha
dat slide
^
Spongebob's reactions in this episode are lolworthy
pfft, physics
And for some strange reason he doesn't suffocate in the trunk. :S
That's real smooth like?
I guess 3 isn't the Health Inspector's luckiest number.
who need 'em?
....Does that mean we're shovels?
LadyCanary: I remember when he gets stuck in Rock Bottom, he shit's himself like a brick
LadyCanary: yes
LadyCanary I approve
lol]
(_)
dat hat
Dat stealth.
o_o
These cops are failing spot checks left right and centre.
Dat shovel
13nah
13spongebob is taking nat 20s on hide in plain sight
:P
XD
lol
13krabs has like twenty levels worth of bluff
Personally I think DM Krabbs fixed the dice.
Ice is just a myyyyth!
I think it's a combination of hide in plain sight and charisma checks.
...Where did he get that soda?
The way she just drunk it
I LOVE THIS EPISODE
13THERE IS NO ICE
It'd probably be gone.
Ice ice baby.
there's nio ice
lol Samuel Jackson is so brony in Pulp Fiction :D http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/23452725.jpg
SPONGEBOB
ICE IS JUST A MYTH
13ICE NEVER SAMPLED UNDER PRESSURE
the dark deed you requested is done
ICE IS A MYTH
ICE IS IN THE FREEZER
ice never existed1
THE ICE IS A LIE
13HE WEARS CURLERS TO BED!
:O
0,14Ice
0,14Ice
OF COURSE
13that's the worst of all really
Wait! It's not what you think!
0,14Baby
...Where does he wear those curlers?
:D
lolol
hi SaxyPretender
:D
0,14yo
Yeaaaah
SaxyPretender: COOL AS ICE
13Reikim: well in the life of crime ep we find mister krabs has mrs puff's hair curlers
inb4 zombiew
13which were a "gift"
So now Saxy is Vanilla Ice.
kill it with fire!
ZOOOOOMBIEEEEEEEE
pfft, zombies
Owned
13i'll take it from here
wait . . .
KILL IT SHIZU
DIEZOMBIE.
13DIE ZOMBIE
XD
Left 4 Patties
oh shit
Shizuka: Doesn't explain how, exactly, he wears them.
/me dies
VenHur: :D
Shizuka is Smoking Peanut a continuation of Life of Crime?
WATCH PUT ITS A MONSTER "Dont worry Jill ILL HANDLE THIS!" lol
APROBADO
hurray!
Man that guy is DEDICATED to his job
At this point, they shouldve been shut down
ahhh zombie brony
Bonk
at half price, not really
How the hell did they pass
Idiots
Yes yes they are
Drew Carey is flirting with Kasumi :P
DIE ZOMBIE!
?
Bonk bonk bonk.
Best cops ever.
DIE ZOMBIE
a'wwwwwww
Oh hey, it's my fave outro vid~
DIE ZOMBIE!
Thanks, Shizuka. :)
thanks for the stream Shizuka it was fun :)
:D
excuse me?
Poor "zombie"
Oh hai minecraft
:(
Rei it's like, the only outro vid.
there we go
D: Awww.
SHIT
Thanks for the stream Shiku :)
haha
Thanks you Shizu <3
That was fun, eye puns and all
Thank ya, Shizuka
So, Meanwhile? Everything I said was complete TRUTH.
I can't change my nick
thanks for another great stream Shizuka
\o/ shizu
thanks for the stream Shizuka :)
Thank you Shizuka for the always awesome stream.
Rei: By your logic it's also the worst, hope you're happy about that.
Thanks for streaming Shizu.
thank u shizuka
thanks for the stream Shizuka <3
Thx Shizu this was awesome :)
Meanwhile...You bastard.
Shizuka: Everyone else is pinging you so I'm tagging along. Hope you don't mind~
Thx Shizuka.
Reikim O U
Reikim: we were thanking her for the stream
I love this video Shizuka
Its so awesome
/me whaps otakon for failing to understand ironic comments
you don't say?
/me is immune to irony.
I do say, and I just did?
FUS RO DAH
/me is immune to whapping.
is that hot wheels?
/me slaps Reikim for whapping otakon even though he deserved it
YAY!
but not really
:D AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!
dat awesome pic
Shizu and LadyCanary and Pyro!
WildRepublicGuard: TrackManiaNationsForever
I should probably continue my Skyrim series...granted, a lot of what I need to do now is off-camera stuff since I'm grinding skill levels to max.
bye MadMax no less
Oh Shizu <3
DIE ZOMBIE
lol
DIE ZOMBIE
ha
DIE ZOMBIE!!
Lol
XD
Hey!
lol
I'm betting she has now recorded that sound clip forever.
yes
I take offense to that!
I bet she does
He was my cousin
/was/
Shoulda kept the stream freeze screen on that Pyro image
13and is again
/me hands Zombie_Brony a brain "Shuddup and nom this"
13being a zombie
Maybe it'll be her ping in the future. Every time we ping her, we hear DIE ZOMBIE!
Awww...I missed a Shizuka stream. Also hi
hi Silver_Spoon
Sorry all, had sudden /bass/piration, had to play it out.
Hi Silver_Spoon :)
wb Silver_Spoon and yes sorry you did.
Shizuka: Kandarihu has made a genius suggestion/
Shizuka, play that sound clip everytime you killed a zombie in Left 4 Dead 1/2!
Just asking.
otakon bleugh, I'm not a cannibal
hi Silver_Spoon
Zombie_Brony: okay how about a Bran Muffin?
13you don't eat yer own kind, it's unnatural
the bugger show is my favorite show
VenHur every player kills aproximatly 215 zombies.in each level. It would get annoying
buffer*
otakon oh gawd, bran is worse
Shizu: Dwarves love eatin' yer own kind!
*
One of the Cures just went up to me and disappeared. I'm fucking scared.
Zombie_Brony: how about Banana Nut?
This is my new text/ email notification on my phone :3 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0A89zUutc24
otakon: It's fall, how about pumpkin (spice/harvest/etc.)
otakon who are you talking to?
>_>
...
Canadian_Brony: OMG, It's alive!
dammit
Heh
tSparx of course I'm alive
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLO7tCdBVrA
and "It' has a name
I'm sure that some of you have already seen this, but it's in my new videos list on YT. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1zbGFGQTq0
Side note...I wonder what everyone's brains would taste like?
there no stream?
o///o http://fav.me/d5eevid
tSparx nnope
THE *BUFFER* SHOW :D
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FcVxtyaATq8
"Wait until you read Book 7 -- oh, I cried." -- The Doctor, bwahaha
Reikim, bitter, I'll bet.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPfc_BBTXQc
Kandarihu: Specific people, I mean. Like, Shizu's would probably taste like cotton candy. You know what I mean?
well, you all know what's coming from me
thelonepony, I cannot stand tombstone's voice
Whose Line
Being creative, then. I see.
!
My brain would smell like a book <3
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AecJ6v8aBsE
Shizuka Kamishima
O_o
13yes?
And Meanwhile's brain would be like icecream made out of limes.
And otakon's brain would taste pointy.
/me throws ice, cream, and a lime at Reikim
13my brain would taste like concentrated sweetness
13lethal sweetness
See?
Cotton candy only deadly.
I was dead on.
What..is gping on...?
my brain would taste like a brain
Going*
just sayin'
PillowPoni|Phone I dont' knwo
*don't know
http://m.ign.com/articles/2012/09/10/valve-launches-steam-tv-beta
And BerryPunch's brain would taste like cider, much like every other part of her.
Canadian_Brony: neither do i
And SaxyPretender's brain would taste like a fist.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ga-AmCkHAnM Saa,Showtime!
I'm throwing Whose Line into the chat every once ina while
my brain would taste like a circuit board :3
Canadian_Brony: I got one hold on
13oh wait... that joy of painting torrent is 85GB.....
13maybe next year...
jeebus
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pjf9J-aAGMk
eesh
Shizuka: I've found at least one site that might possibly stream it. Try that.
13course it ran for years and years
/me doesn't know what her brain would taste like
And LadyCanary's brain would taste like Shizu's only yellow.
otakon ROFL made with Source Filmmaker
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IugE2hfYxm0
Sketch Power Rangers?
:o
yellow is a flavor now?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mRKSRY88Zs&list=FL5QyBGi4t1uDa0FwakXNeYQ&index=26&feature=plpp_video
Yes it is.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLO7tCdBVrA Bob Ross remix
If you take enough LSD, anyway.\
Also, the sound of a violin becomes purple.
AJIsAwesome, that is quite remarkable
AJIsAwesome: i think I remeber posting that on here :D
13http://youtu.be/2TWcwDi-rWU
BALD!
Shizuka: :D hahahahaha
MY EYES!!
BALD
BALD BALD!
MY EYE!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fZdsd6mfQsI&feature=BFa&list=FL5QyBGi4t1uDa0FwakXNeYQ
/me shrugs and goes back to her RP
Meh
You know what
This chat needs more HOTBLOODED AWESOME
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JbCMWNRBPTw
Back sorry had to leave before. Sorry I didn't say bye :(
AJIsAwesome: great you might as well have put a fluttershy loop of her singing
its so realxing
*relaxing
Some Rina Chan - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cg24Lx2lhG4
None of you can match Gunleon's awesome.
Rina chan :/
Cypresswolf, sounds like her alright
Toothpaste Cannon Infomercial http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L9Br8Hs4jMk
this stream needs more Heavy http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RHeipUKdRWE&feature=related
Cypresswolf, can you wait before posting some Rina-Chan
2 Line Vocabulary. AKA, in how many ways can we piss off Colin? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbrKE6mfCY0&feature=related
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyhMT138BHo&feature=channel&list=UL
something not related to WHose line
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OffF0e2h4TU Highlander - Lost Horizon
Well Huzzah to Black Nerd Comedy. Even though he isn't a Brony he likes the show, and doesn't mind us and tells haters not to harrass us (But for us not to push it on others)
Meet the Socially Awkward Heavy. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRVV0C8Auoc
/me Realizes he forgot to do some homework
Black Nerd's Brony vid: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41GlMyzAaM4&feature=g-u-u
Cypresswolf, better video http://youtu.be/6EfhAFA2yFE
Stream up?
Wayne: "What does that do?" *points at Drew* Colin: "It's just there for show."
Nah it will only take a minute :p
FlutterMEDIC: even now this still cracks me up and its great because heavy is my favorite class :3
Otakon looks.like kirby swallowed jon
Hell Yeah!
Seems he's also giving away MLP DVDs and the Friendship Train for those interested
http://www.youtube.com/watch?NR=1&feature=endscreen&v=t1JZXfOFFfI
the best part on a fitting scene of a movie title the same
what else can be better
I hate it when pages refresh by them self -_-
Wow I hate my Internet right now.
otakon: lmao :D
indeed
Dammit! I wish I had the pipes to do that scream :[
Game Grumps has some funny ass commentary
more Two Line Vocab http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xvgw1Etsd5Y&NR=1&feature=endscreen
I could listen to that ALL NIGHT!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C7Tee5YDO8Y&feature=related
Well I'm off to bed, G'night everypony
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=URoNESAhrJ4 Me gusta this song :3
CrimsonPhoenix THAT SONG.IS SO AWESOME
g'night Dovah
Night Dovah
Dovah: Night! :)
I'm back
cachi01|phone, it's just a scream
Heavy...WITH PONIES http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KwjpbzDO0zM
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74yK4-_3K0E&feature=related
I'd link Dash's Empty Sky but Google is bust for me. So I'll leave it to the rest of you to go find it yourselves.
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Discussions and Speculation: Crystal Ponies!
Fuck it EQD
SEASON 3 SPOILERS
NOPENOPENOPENOPENOEP
CrimsonPhoenix i know but listen to the guitar
not now
CrimsonPhoenix: I tried playing a 5 hour loop of that WOAH AH AHAH while playing Oblivion, hitting a few oblivion gates - game crashed 40 minutes in - too much AWESOME
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FevymDYo6rw
I want to relax calmly before bed
I like the song its just like an instrumental metal song just with
and this zora's domain is doing wonderfully
WOAH AH AHAHAHAH AAAAAAH AHAH
CrimsonPhoenix watch "Whose Line" jk
HEY EQD
SCREW YOU
lol
you'll be up all night
What happened Reikim?
13spoilers on eqd
13it begins
Dammit
never been a huge fan of whose line
GODDAMIT
not again!
I thought they were better than that
0,14ha
13poor rei
CrimsonPhoenix: Link?
Reikim, link to what?
I'm posting it
Zora's Domain.
13remember, eqd thought HUB_Netvvork was legitimate
CrimsonPhoenix: Zora's domain. Which version?
http://youtu.be/fZdsd6mfQsI
I think
Reikim so y u read spoilers
Shizuka . . . what
0,14yeah
There may have once been a time when EQD wasn't crappy about this.
I didn't
0,14ha
13there may have
Shizuka: Netvvork?
I'm smart enough not to, thank you very much
13LONG AGO IN A DISTANT LAND
that . . . no. Just, just no.
I'm just disappointed in EQD for doing this.
oh lord
then y u complain ?
Once upon a time they were better than this.
I AKU! THE SHAPESHIFTING MASTER OF DARKNESS!
but yeah EQD is just for fan stuff now
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CgeZg6CgPU&feature=related
UNLEASHED AN UNSPEAKABLE EVIL!
let people who like spoiling things get spoiled
man Darker than Black's Howling theme is awesome :$ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uDcHYL_JDj0
13I SETHISTO THE SHAPESHIFTING MASTER OF FAILURE
no use to go there for official announcement
13UNLEASHED AN UNSPEAKABLE RUMOR
They can find it themselves.
LOL
dat Samurai Jack
Woah do we hate Sethisto this much?
BUT! A FOOLISH SAMURAI WITH A MAGIC SWORD STEPPED FORTH TO OPPOSE ME!
EQD used to have a strict no-spoilers policy.
BECOME HOKAGE OF PONYVILLE?
SO MUCH CANTERLOCK
*swish**slash**cut*
AND I DON'T KNOW WHY
those spoilers seem legit
AJIsAwesome: dat demospice :D
and FlutterMEDIC that was awesome :D
13I TWORE OPEN A POHTAL IN TIME
Shizuka: BUT! A FOOLISH PONY STEPPED FORTH TO- Haha, as if, nobody dares tell Sethisto to shut up about Trixie.
Shizuka: I saw that description earlier this morning long before it made EqD posted it. It seems the episode description comes from a website for the S3 DVD that gives summaries of the episode
Why? Because there are people that read EQD who don't want spoilers.
BEFORE THE FINAL BLOW WAS STRUCK, I TORE OPEN A PORTAL IN TIME AND FLUNG HIM FAR INTO THE FUTURE WHERE MY EVIL IS LAW!
Now...
then let them skip that post
NOW THE FOOL SEEKS TO RETURN TO THE PAST AND UNDO THE FUTURE THAT IS AKU!!!!!
RSS
Enough with Season 3. I don't care about what it is, where it is, who it is, what song ... DANG IT! Must I see keywords of it already?
Looking at it
All caps an no kick, there is no justice
It's just a morals thing.
lol
Gotta get back, back to the past SAMURAI JACK
You could just as easily say that anyone who doesn't want spoilers in chat can leave chat.
:D Oh man... I dont have any new vidoes clean enough to post here - so have some Black
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31-YOZ_dY0g
Dang Web chat client stop derping! D:
/me pats MASF123 on the back "It's okay, I get kicked often enough that it evens out"
Why is there a no spoilers policy? Because it's not considerate to everyone else.
This deep-thought fanfic is tworing me apart.
flutter_spin, even chat isn't safe
SHUT
DOWN
EVERYTHING
lol, dat madagascar
flutter_spin: Would you like some more? Because I can probably one-up it.
*BlackGryphon - RarityLicous http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AtLMNrlzoBU
flutter_spin, I love you
mind you reading a live chat is not like reading something posted on a blog
Reikim: lol. I'm writing one.
...although it's not really a S3 DVD since only one S3 ep is on it, the rest are from S1 and 2
Cypresswolf close, but not quite
soon . . .
Cypresswolf, way to flasly advertise
Concept's the same.
Reikim: and no competition. I just want it to kill... uh the imagination that is
falsly**
if that's a word
I think about as close as its going to get for Rarity
Cypresswolf: wow this is the best one yet :)
It seems the eps on that new DVD are two S3 eps, Sonic Rainboom, It's About Time, and Luna Eclipsed
flutter_spin: Have you read White Box? I recommend it for deep-thought.
Falesly?
CrimsonPhoenix: Falsely.
again with White Box. I don't like reading :P
but applies differently
oni_link, you dolt it's not even THE rarilicious
flutter_spin: Just a bit of reference. If you don't like reading, though, why are you writing?
Guys do research before assuming
seriously
Not really.
Still love the Pinkie Pie version :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?list=FLR9HsA55ivKKU0EAQmXcQLQ
EQD is a blog who want the views so yeah to me it's quite obvious they will do things like that
it'll make you look less like an idiot
Bullshit.
EQD needs no more views.
ggg
Cypresswolf, IT'S NOT RARILICIOUS
You do watch their view counter, right?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EGI4w6nznw8&feature=plcp
Reading is personal. You and the story. Writing is an expression.
Sometimes when I cancel a commant, the sim walks in place for a while
http://www.youtube.com/watch?list=FLR9HsA55ivKKU0EAQmXcQLQ&feature=endscreen&NR=1&v=Lhif1x_d_AQ
CrimsonPhoenix: http://www.gamesprays.com/images/icons/fine-jeez-3993_preview.jpg
If anything, this is perhaps worse.
Reading outloud is totally acceptable, when someone is willing to listen.
:[ ello
no seriously and I'm talking about everything
not really since 100000000
oni_link FUCKING EGORAPTOR MUCH?
when giving something, look up
cachi01|phone: eeyup
...........................
do some quick research
They're the number 1 pony news site on the Internet.
wht u talken about?
before you claim some facts true
They're no longer out for the views.
:P...ello!
hi g
ello
And regardless of WHY they did it, it's still inconsiderate.
and falsely claim some facts to uninform people
hi g
Betrayal of Trust comic animated - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OVYSoFie2Z0&feature=relmfu
time 4 to snooze on my cloud night everypony
bringing them to the wrong path
g'night WildRepublicGuard
wht........
There's a reason they USED to have a no-spoilers policy.
although
*disclaimer*
night WildR... damn he left
Cypresswolf, Quick Test
...........nvm
Who voiced Rarity in Message from Rarity?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=buK-P8StOuY&feature=related
It is way too late at night and my memory is like a sieve on the best of days, so if they never did have this policy then I will gladly retract all of my arguments against EQD.
hey
*end disclaimer*
CrimsonPhoenix: wasn't that anonymous
CrimsonPhoenix: Tabitha St. Germain.
whos ur fav pony?
Rainbow Dash
cool
octavia
Applejack.
She said to BlackGRYPhon that she wanted it to be anonymous.
AJIsAwesome you don't say?
mhhh and i also like dr whooves
Twilight Sparkle
Canadian_Brony: Yep. :P
...............
It said it in the video description
Raindrops
Dont think it was Tabitha...
sounds close
i don't rember having them i just remember they at least having the courtesy of adding [spoiler] tag on the title
It doesn't sound like her
who
A little off
what
dialect wise
...........
Meh
voice is deeper
aside from that i have posted spoilers before
oh
!
they*
Anyone here up for Gears 3?
also what class are you playing on gw 2 ?
Engie.
Did you get it yet?
wht that?
00,03Gears 3 <3
no idea
Gears of War 3
I need a noob questing partner.
MASF123 : Xbox 360?
......................
oh yeah and people says Rina-chan sounds exactly like Tara
nope must wait until my birthday
Sucks.
ehh few more days
in who
CrimsonPhoenix: she can do lots of things but not perfectly
I had to save up for my copy.
this show?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?annotation_id=annotation_964032&feature=iv&index=5&list=UUvzWGXYFDiiJ338KIJPhbhQ&src_vid=2VMSTA0JFio&v=Xs9-N16CkNs thanks alot bronys
Thankfully, I had the foresight to nab a job in the past.
00,03So, how about dem Gears of War Judgement?
not lots of things I'm afraid but I won't pursue
i can save up but that will take me longer
/me died
:O
:*
hi Polydunami|PS
Scoot-Scootaloo : me 2 i am excited i cant wait
O_O
Scoot-Scootaloo: I havent owned a Gears title since the first one. Im more of a Halo person :P
Oh hey, Canadian_Brony ^_^
She does not
/me is down to her last tea bag and screams in horror
00,03Halo is cool too ^_^
Rina-chan does nit sound like Tara
pfft, xbox
halo
I looked once and never looked back
where r we going?
00,03Xbox is WUBWUBWUB teir~
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OffF0e2h4TU&feature=youtube_gdata_player
i didnt care much for the campaign of halo, the multiplayers more exciting
Scoot-Scootaloo: I do think I want to pickup Judgment though :3 and definitely Halo 4 *mlg brohoof* /)
^
Gears 3, Marcus Fenix pony plz.
I cant match Rarity's voice in that video to any fan VA I've heard so far
have u seen i mean heard pony rock?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2qkSxJ1ohCk&feature=BFa&list=FL5QyBGi4t1uDa0FwakXNeYQ
Cypresswolf, that's because it's most likely Tabitha herself
/me doesn't like Pony Rock.
no
00,03MLG brohoof (\
i mean
if not then please explain the anonymosity
oh
yay ^.^
Scoot-Scootaloo : /)brohoof
13scoot
Im getting the care package edition of Black ops 2
13i command thee to stream
well it make fun of party rock
Perhaps so, would make sense that she'd was to remain secret
xbox is "Pay alot for or console, pay alot for your games, pay alot for your controller, pay alot for your accessories, pay alot for your internet, and pay even more to go online!"
NUKETIWN ZOMBIES FTW
Best Twilight Sparkle voice IMO is best is the FiW one, however she can't laugh in her voice.
See Cypresswolf RESEARCH
IOW, xbox is stupid
00,03Shizuka: I FIGHT THE POWER!
good bye!
Microsoft is cheap
13ROW ROW
black ops two is going to suck
00,03Also it's late for me :(
The same goes for all of you guys
and the consols break
13pfff
lmao
RESEARCH
Do the impossible, see the invisible~
Google is your best friend
black ops two is going to suck imo
elo
when given something new
Reikim|GW2: Row Row, row your boat.
RESEARCH
Xbox is best console.
Derpy_Hooves zombies is going to be so awesome
PC is best platform
no matter how small or how suspicious
MASF123: yesh but PC is top tier :P
RESEARCH
cachi01|phone: the story is going to be garbage
00,03Xbox and PC are moi tier~
and maybe then you'll look less stupid
now I must go forth to bed
Agreed Scoot-Scootaloo
work early tomorrow
Derpy_Hooves: IMO i dont play COD for the story :D
as usual
Xbox = PS3
Night CrimsonPhoenix.
They are both awesome
00,03Ewww PS3 :|
night CrimsonPhoenix
CrimsonPhoenix: Night! :)
YOU ALL ARE WRONG
But pc wins all over
wii is best = u=
night CrimsonPhoenix
13http://youtu.be/pRexBMPeRTo
PC and Xbox ny no wonder why they are best. :D like the same comp
lol jk
because COD story is garbage
Night CrimsonPhoenix
i just want to be a part of this ; 3;
Sorry to say this Scoot...but I DO own a PS3...Slim...
MASF123: practically, its weird that Shadow run is the only cross platform game though
Hey guys, anyone here know of The Witcher 2?
And Lost planet i think
Only game I want on PS3 is Twisted Metal which wasn't that good either.
I want MGS4
im going to bed
:)
Guess what Amazon is taking for it on trade-in? Now remember it's only been out for about 4 months or so.
night Derpy_Hooves
00,03I'm more of an Xbox kind of guy, but then I got Steam...
night Derpy_Hooves
0,14can't wait for Anarchy Reigns and Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance
00,03later Derps!
Derpy_Hooves: Night! :)
hiya SaxyPretender
TAKE A GUESS
SaxyPretender: Hi! :)
ello :$
Derpy_Hooves: nite.
00,03:)
i'm a Nintendo and that's about it
Hi SaxyPretender
See you Derpy_HOoves
so is steams icon of gaming tf2?
otakon: hmmm idk
seeya Derpy_Hooves
trade-in value for a 40 dollar brand new game that's only 4 months after release.
evening everypony
hi NocturnalBlade
TWENTY FIVE FUCKING GODDAMN DIDDY CENTS.
Hi NocturnalBlade
I play almost every console
seriously, that's the listed trade-in price on Amazon for it
I liek almost every console
whats goin on?
otakon: what a scam, they make gamestop look like a charity
$0.25 for a game
NocturnalBlade: G'eve.
NocturnalBlade: Hi! :)
that is only 4 months old
Hi NocturnalBlade
and it's NOT a no name game
Give me twenty dollars, your wife is in the club
hey NocturnalBlade
what's the chat up to tonight?
00,03This PMV http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjdM1f-a8RY is NSFW, yet I stream it every other time.... and no one complained!
ello NocturnalBlade
otakon: Just finda buyer local. It beats trade in I would imagine.
Microsoft is cheap with their 360. You pay hundreds of dollars for everything, pay continuosly for internet, and then you get Red Ring the day after your warranty expires.
/me plays xbox :$
/me plays almost everything
Kinixys: screw that I'll trade it in at Gamestop when I'm fully done with it...should get at least 15 for it
Scoot-Scootaloo you won't believe how many times i've seen somepony ask for the name of that and only got "I dunno" as a reply
Canadian_Brony: maybe in the R1s. and yeah you pay for their online but its 9 buck a month
not that expensive
Hiya oni_link.
hey Kinixys :)
360 is my least favourite of the 7th gen consoles
13http://youtu.be/2vdSvmPKRMA
i own an xbox and a wii but i'm mostly on my xbox
0,14NES is glorious console master
I have 2 of those
SaxyPretender: SNES
0,14pfft
0,14NES is the best
but my fav is the Gamecube
Shizuka: XD
0,14I still have my Zapper
N64 <3
nes, snes and n64 are tough choices
SaxyPretender: of course /)
no stream?
my first console I personally owned
13here
0,14(\ oni_link
My Zapper broke a while ago :(
13spend 14 minutes of your life http://youtu.be/baUY9LFlYh0
SaxyPretender: i'm a little one sided since i grew up with just a SNES
been wandering what the heck that Crysalis video was called...couldnt even find the lyrics in a search
I own an xbox 360, all playstations, all NDS, a nes, snes, n64, wii (my gamecube is broken.:( ) a vita aand
0,14Shizuka YES
I still have my GRAY Zapper...yea...I got mine before US law forced them to go orange :P
0,14SO MUCH YES
00,03Have some nightmares on the side~
00,03http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9C_HReR_McQ
Shizuka: wat?
Hey Shizuka...have I mentioned how evil you are?
nopenopenope
Scoot-Scootaloo: NO
Shizuka: looks like sailor moon
She's evil?
Scoot-Scootaloo: NO O NONONONONONONONONONONONNONONO
I have currently a Wii, PS3, PS2, 3DS, DS Phat, DS Lite, GBA SP and PSP
Though the DS Lite and GBA SP don't get used anymore
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoooooooo.......
About that Fire Hive PMV, I generally take issue with stuff that derails characters in a bad way. Personally, I feel like that PMV fits Queen Chrysalis pretty well.
You need an Xbox, JESmith71
Heh heh
DS Phat
Hey everypony
snes - wii and 360
I have 2 NES's, a SNES, Gamecube, Wii, PS2, DSi, and 3DS
hiya superretroworld
hi Derpy_Hooves
Wrong Derpy
dammit
hi DerpyMuffins
otakon: ???
otakon: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOxt9PoJNkg
sorry
/me has been through 4 gamecubes :$
Hey Scoot-Scootaloo
DerpyMuffins: Hi! :)
Where did you find this?
Shizuka: this is great
OtakuTom: damn
The best thing happened to my fanfic today!
Derpy_Hooves: Hm
?
OtakuTom: what?
It got rejected by the EqD team!
lol
Not including my PC
Mostly just for grammar issues
Aaaand my mom started watching candy candy
hi Ponies47. Reminds me of when i saw the spoilers on EQD . . . /)_(\
OtakuTom: NES, SNES, Genesis, Playstation, Dreamcast, N64, Gamecube, PS2, Xbox, Xbox360, PS3, Gameboy, Gameboy Advance(all versions), Nintendo DS; 3DS.
13http://youtu.be/YrcYjN-1i_s
I just found the Step Ponies trailer - one of the first fan videos I saw, got deleted about a year ago while taking out some vids taken down during one of the troll flag raids - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0m6v1tTiuCM&feature=related
00,03The thing about EqD is... it;s not MLG L3G1T
Canadian_Brony: :<
DerpyMuffins: and that's good how? Unless you're being sarcastic
otakon: even the rare micro?
superretroworld: eeyup
I liked the micro
Ponies47 IKR? Stupid spoilers. They should know better
DerpyMuffins: for what?
the only thing I didn't like was the lack of gameboy support
It means that my fanfic was good enough to be considered rejectable by EqD itself
Canadian_Brony: They should know better -_-
cool
The micro was the only game boy I actively avoided getting...I at least wanted all the others...lol
Hey Scoot-Scootaloo. Thanks for completely messing up any chance of me sleeping at all.
I hated the micro
0,14ah, I see Shizuka posted the more powerful version
Shizuka: XD
Micro was bad
0,14though I keep hearing "sixteen hours" as "sexy power" >.>
Derpy_Hooves: Fix dem grammar issues. Really.
Should I click that
WUT
13not well done
i have a micro somewhere around, just dont have a charger for it D:
Reikim|GW2: It's not bad.
Someone tell me if I should click that
Reikim|GW2: are you correcting me? >:I
Pfft. That's horrible.
Ponies47 on a lighter note . . . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1OMrcYSLpBU&feature=related
Btw I need an editor if I'm gonna make it on EqD
Scoot-Scootaloo it doesn't look that bad
13http://fav.me/d4y0prk here's some real nightmare fuel
It's not grotesque or anything
13scoot is a scrub
Derpy_Hooves: Oh for...I'm going to regret it, but hey, I'm here!
Shizuka that's adorable
/me has cuddly nightmares now after seeing that
00,03WOAHHH
Why are we exchanging nightmares here
thanks for that Scoot-Scootaloo >.>
Bucking chat derps -_-
Would anyone care to hear another one of my chiptunes? This one is actually done :P
00,03Shizuka! You know how much it hurts when you call me that :'(
/me had a myocardial infarction xD
cuddly nightmares are the scariest
Reikim|GW2 I'm posting "Whose Line". That keeps you up all night
Reikim|GW2: you pinged me for correcting my grammer when i wasn't talking :I
hah, scrub
0,14but MLG is for Scrubs :3
whats mlg?
I don't get the reference
Derpy_Hooves: You mentioned you were rejected for grammar issues. I'll help you fix them.
superretroworld My Little Gamer
Muffins not hooves
oh
jk
00,03NO >: (
YES
Reikim|GW2: it was DerpyMuffins
Yea...Shizu...I really want to watch Milky Holmes now...
Reikim|GW2: WRONG derpy :I
0,14Very yes
What the
Derpy_Hooves: Sorry, tab fail :I
00,03MLG's are for MLG L3G1TS
Scoot-Scootaloo yes it is! Now STFU and accept your fate!
soo many Derpys lol
Too many bloody Derpies in chat
0,14I mean, what kinda of scruby company holds FG tournaments the same weekend other major tourneys are happening?
00,03Blasphemy!
13http://youtu.be/qnRKNRIkqBk
Scoot-Scootaloo I'm right and you know it.
I'm the only one with a tasty treat in his name
DerpyMuffins: Okay, PM me. I'm going to regret it later, but I'll help you with those grammar issues.
Lol Shizuka
00,03SaxyPretender: Oh man, you're right, that guy os a legit scrub...
I hate my school!
hi kidzrul434. I hate your school too
BRB shower
I can't use bronystate
School hates us all
dont we all
kidzrul434: SO DO I!
oh man you guys, i just made my second ever youtube video, my first was on sunday! i am so excited! i wanted to do this for YEARS!
whos streaming
13http://youtu.be/oh0zBMyr3CA
Kidzrul434 download ultrasurf in your school pc
nice PsychoticDoc :P
Kidzrul434 then you can enter whatevet pagre you want
i am giddy with glee
00,03That hat costs 10$ :(
My high school prepared a avery cheesy video for the new no backpacks in the hallway policy -_-
So Much Want: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u6j5lXHNi8w
*very
Scoot-Scootaloo and I got it in a drop
Armored kill looks nice
Ponies47|Shower: so your just gonna carry the books by hand now?
Good thing im premium and i get it free =D
superretroworld: I have to -__
-_-
that sucks
Im just gonna leave this link here *cough* (i made this) https://www.dropbox.com/s/m3wbpmhlkh5c2k8/Great%20Temple%20%28Brawl%29.wav
no back packs in the hallway policy? wut :I
Guess whos back, for a bit.
hai |Discord|
Discords back, give a shit
|Discord| you?
superretroworld: So it just class, back to locker to get books, class, go back to locker to get back, repeat -_-
Yep me
/me gives |Discord| a shit
Yay! What do I win?
My love
:O
if u know what I mean
ummmmmmm
no
Ponies47|Shower: i hate that, gets repeatitive, like living in the old days
no I don't
have this instead http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ii2rPRq6N34
/me pulls down pants
NONONO!
00,03:|
you will in a bit
Shoo!
GTFO!
Inb4 banned again?
Run Canadian_Brony Run!!
Geese bro take a joke
geese?
00,03Alright dudes, its time for me to sleep! Defeat the sleep with your dream(s)!
What do geese have to do with this?
Here have some waffles.
See you, Scoot-Scootaloo
Night Scoot-Scootaloo
night Scoot-Scootaloo
00,03Night~
nite Scoot-Scootaloo
WOAH-OH-OH-HA-AH-AH-AAAAAA-HA-HA
g'night Scoot-Scootaloo. Dream of ponies
DAMMIT
/me gives Canadian_Brony some waffles
13let me leave you with a true nightmare, the realization that we don't do this anymore http://youtu.be/Lq_shHu4lAs
11,02Moo o.o
night
kick the nights ass Scoot-Scootaloo
hi SuperBrony64
11,02Hai ^-^
SuperBrony64 What is Moo?
BUCK! Why I'm I still here at my keyboard? *Punchs himself in the face* to the showers
13if you don't play that at highest possible volume you're doing it wrong
yo Canadian_Brony if you dont want those waffles then i'll take em off your hands
dat SuperBrony64 :3
hi SuperBrony64
Night, Scoo- aw man.
why hello there SuperBrony64 :)
hi SuperBrony64
hey Superbrony, ever played little kings story
ohai SuperBrony64 :P
:$
NocturnalBlade go ahead, I'm full of Coca-Cola and beef roast with a side of gravery and home-grown potatoes
I don't ever get a greeting anymore
oh wow
Shizuka: :(
hi MASF123 :P
i didnt even know i was still on here
lmao
**gravy
IDK
hi SuperBrony64
Hi SB64 :)
Hi oni_link
/me "sweet" swipes Canadian_Brony waffles
See, you do :)
hey yo wuts up everypony
hey scout19_tf2
hi scout19
hey scout19_tf2
hi scout19_tf2
Hey there, scout19_tf2
hi scout19_tf2. The sky, some clouds, Luna~
hi scout19_tf2
that is true canadian brony
Moonshine Gravy!
Canadian_Brony dont forget the moon with a creepy face that will.destroy the earth in 3 days
Hi MASF123, scout19_tf2 .
cachi01|phone: o,o
oni_link dont worry. 4th day glitch =D
scout19_tf2: Hi! :)
cachi01|phone . . . wrong planet bro
cachi01|phone: oh yeah, to the Observatory!!
oh hi stream
Ooooooh
Stream!
stream!
holy shatner
dat SuperBrony64
STREEEAAAAAM
awesome
11
so . . . SuperBrony64 is streaming I presume?
10
/me Yawns VERY LOUDLY
2
1
lift off!
And stream
liftoff
holy shit
where going to spaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaace!!!!!!
dafuq where are mah ded kerbals?
it's just like Kerbals
Cool stuff, there
:o
needs moar crashing
and then it blows up and we see three little faces go O_O
Wait, is this actually SuperBrony64's stream?
idk
NUMBERS
THE NUMBERS!
WHAT DO THEY MEAN?
mason the numbers!
What does it all mean?
is that a binary counter?
JC, a BOMB
MASON REMEMBER
no . . . no it isn't
wouldnt binary be 01001 and stuff
yes
yeah
A binary counter would only have 1s and 0s
that's not binary
That's no moon....
I'm not sure what it's supposed to be counting
its a pingas :I
Every robots nightmare = seeing a 2
hell, I don't knwo what the hay I'm looking at!
cachi01|phone: I was thinking that as well
snooping as usual i see
lmao cachi01|phone
hi twilight_sprinkle
There, there, Bender...there's no such thing as 2...
hoi Canadian_Brony !
guys . . . what am I looking at?
Kerbals IRL
porn
monitor/webpage/stream/video
Canadian_Brony: muun roket
I'm slightly creeped out by this and I don't know why
oh and chat
hmmph
figured that last part
what about stream?
Bender you say?: http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/376/708/60f.jpg
Ugh, I need sleeep. Good night, everypony! :)
night RaveBrony
bye RaveBrony
g'night RaveBrony
night RaveBrony
Sleep is for the weak.
ikr
Good night, RaveBrony
Nite RaveBrony
night RaveBrony
i slept 1 hour today
and ive been up for 15 hours
and i feel totallllyyy fiiiine
HA
wait what?
ahhh anime
WAIT WHAT?
Lolwut
:D
Lolwat?
wut :I
11,02I'm not streaming o.o
oh it's YGOTAS
SuperBrony64 the who is!?!
TROLLS
0,14POUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUT
*then
SuperBrony64: then who was stream! D:
internet Trolls!!
hiy Cipher
hi Cipher
I like this
Edge FTW
but anyway shizuka is streaming.
11,02What's on stream?
is she?
Yep, I knew it was Saxy Cipher
HI cipher!
music
hmmm I likieee dis music :P
Shizuka you streaming?
sup cipher
0,14XD
she is, i saw her icon earlier
no Canadian_Brony it's Cipher aka Saxy
It's been a while, Cipher.
twilight_sprinkle: she's not
SuperBrony64: Some video game music.
i could have a adventure to this music
otakon: she is
This game is so addictive
nice beet
lol
oh
otakon: noob.
bloody hell
/me dances
SuperBrony64: currently a indie game song is on
otakon ah. I thought it might've been Saxy by the colour . . . or is it Shizua streaming? I'M LOST!
cachi01|phone: is it really
me too
Canadian_Brony: me too
WHO IS STREAMING?
oni_link yes it is
otakon: i am
0,14clearly a ghost
Its pretty fun
it's SHizuka
no, im streaming
only she has THAT many pictures of Asuka Langley
its a mystery
cachi01|phone: where do i get it :P
Shizuka JUST streamed :S
I know
thats totally not Shizuka, its clearly Wrek
oni_link appstore
13took you all long enough
Wreky is asleep.
Or android market
lol
im streaming, its obvious
13next i would have had to replay meet the shizu or you'd never get it
coool thanks
otakon: are you suuuure?
Shizuka: lol sorry I was a bit dense atm.. it's late.
so wait guiz....who iz streaming????
twilight_sprinkle SHIZUKA
Shizu Shizu <3
Ugh, I have no excuse; it's nearly 21:00 here in Vancouver.
SHE JUST SAID IT WAS HER
Back from mah shower
Canadian_Brony: /)_-
wb Ponies47
twilight_sprinkle not Shizu >_>
wb Ponies47, Shizuka is streaming
Canadian_Brony: chec kyour sarcasm-detector
cool Ponies47 wb
*check
Ponies47 : /)brohoof
WB Ponies47. Shizuka is streaming
/me smacks twilight_sprinkle "DO.NOT.IMITATE.SHIZU."
Dat KamiShizuka
dat super close up
haha:D
otakon: im not. shes immitating me, im the original shizuka
Shizuka: Roseluck would help and THANK you I wanted to know what this is
otakon: didnt expect that, did you
/me slaps twilight_sprinkle
Maid_RainBow: (\
/me eats Canadian_Brony 's hand
Thanks Canadian_Brony
np
twilight_sprinkle: no Shizuka is Shizuka period.
beast piano player
Hey! Only I can nom on my hand!
The XKCD version was better, but it's great to see it actually done by a person XD
13http://xkcd.com/1052/
otakon: shizuka is shizuka.?well ok, she can be shizuka(period) if you want
hey otakon wat movie is dis?
twilight_sprinkle: your mum :P
BRAVO!
:D
lol
XD
otakon: im glad you liked her!
coach
YES
MY EYE!!
YES!
BALD
BAAAALD
BAld!
lol
MY LEEEG
Shizu I love youuu
inb4 spongebob
I AM FAVING THAT
MY AAAAARRRRMMM!
Shizuka: i CAN'T SEE
I DONT NEED IT
Shizuka: LUAGHING TOO HARD
I dont need it
I don't need it
I NEEEEEEEED IIIIIIIIIIITTTTTT
I don't need it . . . I NEEEEEEEEEED IIIIIIIIIT!!
lol
oh wow it was just a a couple of days ago that you guys were saying this to me :D
FARCON, PAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWNCH
LOL
YES
MY GOD
YESH
Falcon Pauwch
otakon yes?
YES~!
YES GODDAMMIT
HHYYYYEES
HAWLY SHEEEET! AGAIN! AGAIN!
And thats how cpt falcon.died :(
ah yes
lol
lmao
POOOOWWEEER
:D
0,14WHAT
:D
MADNESS
WHAT?!
what?!
WHAT!?
goddamnit thats catchy
/me cant breathe
This is indeed catchy as hell.
SUGOI DESU NE
I've seen this somewhere before . . . Rythm Heaven?
Canadian_Brony: naaaah
epic punch
reminds me of it
Canadian_Brony: Definitely not
Give us more Heavy Punch!
then what is this?
EEEH, SUGOI DESU NE
0,14I'd play this game if it has this
0,14*had
needs more Touhou
00,02anyone here know anything about old dec alpha machines?
Canadian_Brony: i think the name had something to do with rhythms and heaven, but i cant remember the name
Dat japanese
hi Phase4 . . . what?
Shizuka: how about the NEW MysteryBen27 video pelase?
Look up Touhou Rhythm Heaven
00,02ohai Canadian_Brony
Hey Phase4
party in china
two player mode?
Japan*
SuperBrony64 would love it
lol
big defrence
00,02i'ma take that as a no
haha
0,14all dem Cho ANiki poses
i dont even know what an alpha machine is
00,02twilight_sprinkle, computer
ah, k
Cho aniki scares me xd
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Instrumental Music: Sisterhooves / Darkness in a Perfect World / A New Moon
00,02using an alpha cpu instead of x86
damn ad
I love that picture of Sweetie Belle and Rarity! XD
oh lord
OMG LOVE THOS VIDEO
flutter_spin FIrefox? install Adblocker. IE? . . . ARE YOU INSANE!?!?! Install Firefox and Adblocker
inb4 he wrecks the whole place
night everypony
just watch bes deus ex video
lol. dat tabfail
g'ngiht superretroworld
Phase4: wish i knew stuff about computers :S
I'm here Canadian_Brony :P
Inb4 he owns everyone WITH STYLE
here it comes
00,02twilight_sprinkle, google was my teacher
HERE IT COMES
a lawer doesnt cry until it's all over/HELLO everyone
O.O
nite superretroworld
00,02otakon, Octagons?
Night superretroworld
well I did NOT see that coming
13if you aren't turned up, you're doing it wrong
BEST GAME !
ngiht superretroworld
this looks like a movie :o
mah jam
00,02i have no clue whats on streem
night superretroworld
oh god the music lol
Phase4: Adam Jensen walks into a bar
needs moar: what's on adam jensen's ipod
so THIS is Adam Jensen. I know the reference now
00,02ah
0,14YES
STAYIN' ALIVE
/me dances
Seriously what I always wondered is WHY Adam so squishy in the game even with allthe armor upgrades?
paunch
The stream has clearly inhaled some serious crack.
00,02flutter_spin, he's the character from deus ex: human revolution
Yeah, I'm not good with names and I never finished the game
I mean seriously, he's supposed to be some cutting edge cyberidized assassin basically
i believe Phase4 still wants us to go nuy Deus Ex NOW
00,02otakon, its less 'he's squishy' and more 'bullets are really strong'
:<
00,02plus going really fast
buy&
I don't even remember a single name from Bioshock
heart paunch!
Phase4: and yet it takes a whole clip to gun down one guy in heavy armor WE can't get. I mean look at the first boss for God's sake
How much does this go for?
STAYING ALIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIVE
a little longer :P
Is Sumi on?
00,02otakon, i dont count the bosses
no
epic:[
it's Shizuka
Phase4: yh outsourced I know
now i want to buy Deus Ex just to try to do this
^
I meant.. is he available
dat pawnch
I can say one thing-- if he's trying to disco dance, he's doing it wrong. And hello.
nite everypony
night scout19_tf2
nite scout19_tf2
g'night scout19_tf2
00,02i got through the final two that way
how much is this game?
Night scout19_tf2
nite scout19_tf2
heh
Yes this
night scout19_tf2
Shizuka: please MysteryBen27's new video? please?
night scout19
night scout~~~ ...
dat die hard
otakon: he has a new vid?
heh, my name is Ryan
suddenly literal movie name
RYAN.MCCANE
NO NOT THIS EPISODE
NocturnalBlade: its grat
It's a rock!
:D
lol. I remember all these from the other night.
LadyCanary: and then it drank Tiger Blood
yh I BET Rarity would ride Tom for miles...
much better
:D
Miguel
00,02despite all the complaints about the bosses in deus ex (and compared to the rest of the game they suck) they do still exist within a game engine that allows you to do just about anything
I have atleast a dozen Spongebob DVD's lyin' around
00,02so you can defete them real easy with a little planning
INB4: Spongebob episode Pizza Delivery is streamed later on
:D
Phase4: true
XD
0,14YEEEEEEEEEEEEEES
dammit now I want to play Deus Ex
Ponies47 that is one of my favourite episodes
00,02and a grenade launcher
and I hAVE IT!
Phase4: oh man. I hated the first boss. I just randomly clicked an option and didn't care about the consequences
What's this?
That was fast
You know what's really op?
Whelp, I'm done here.
Oh god.
That Dragon Tooth sword.
@_@
00,02flutter_spin, use the stun gun, then throw barrels at him
SPAAAAAAAACE!
Space
That shit is rockin.
bye Reikim take care
Other work calls, and I'm not paying attention.
Space Core!!!
lmao
banjo kazooie music
Night all.
Space!
SPACCCCCCCCCCCCCCE
wut
and suddenly space
Night Reikim
and Heavy
night Reikim
SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE
SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE
thats adorable and hillarous
Lol
Engineer HELP ME
Engineer help me!
/me yawns
ow
ah the Mechanus Cannon
Why do I allow myself to get roped into these things?
/me shudders
I never got this bc I played a warrior
looks like Spectra . . .
and BOOM
ded
IMMAFIRINMAHLAZER
and suddenly ded
Canadian_Brony: one of THE great PC rpg games
And not a single fuck was given about the cannon.
0,14because you don't have a safe word?
Shizuka: know of any good modes to boost the resolution?
otakon no, I was . . . nevermind. I wasn't referreing to the game itself
13i spent a day of college just watching these on repeat once
lol
Shizuka: lol nice
I ought to steal your jacket for that one.
wow
just something I noticed because I happened to re-read a controversial fic lately
0,14pfft
All the cinematics for the spells are amazing for an mmo...
you know the game STILL looks good
VenHur: it's a single player RPG
VenHur: from the mid-90's
thor is pissed
the SFX sound great still
Canadian_Brony: that dude found rainbow dash filly form eventhough he was pretty much a baby?
I MEA SHE
welp they dead
13but obviously this is my favorite :3
Daaaaamn! Michael Bay got screwed.
Shizuka: agreed, nothing better than a steampunk magic cannon
look at the cannon
FIRE THE ORBITAL CANNON!!!!
the ultamate portal gun ^_^
thats pretty badass
the coloured tanks on it
ikr
What the fu-BOOOOOM!
that is fucking awesome
NocturnalBlade: Black Isle was thinking with portals before Valve :P
That's like the OP to Game of THrones. But with a really big laser.
Oh God
well this is creepy
Anyway
Prereading
Why
lol
O3O
lol
YOU. ARE. A TOY!
and I'll never look at that scene the same again
...What?
0,14hahhahhahaha
I suspect it may have something to do with a false sense of superiority and a need to prove the same.
Ded.
goddamn Creepers
Miiiinecraaaaaaaaft~
YES
true stroy
Xd
XD
13i apologize for any difficulty breathing you may experience during this
oh my God
LOLWUT.XD
Lolwut?
oh I love these :D
13i know i couldn't breathe at all
XDDD
oh the no-friction mod
Shizuka: can'...........a;bljka;lbraeth
Run niko Run!!
XDDD
:D
I never see the creepers before they hit me...any one I spot is killed before it can deal damage to me.
This should've been GTA IV
:D
XD
tbh ive seen a funnier no-friction vid :P
This video makes me PUMPED for GTA V!
13YOU KNOW YOU WANT A HOT DOG
lol
I DO!
:D
the truck struck back
XD
afk for a minute . . . WTF am I looking at?
:D
can you play funny skate 2 videos xD
DAFUQ
XD
3
Canadian_Brony: im guessing no-friction mod
hahahahahahaha
I was about to say, no friction probably
and why do I hear some music I can't remember the name of?
Offenbach > Yakety Sax
and why is shit flying for no reason?
XDD
Canadian_Brony: benny Hill theme.
DENIED
and why am I asking?
:D
lul
0,14now dats saxy :
:D
OH SHIT.
0,14* :3
;u; uggghhhh what the fuck XD
LOL
now i want to try this, and i have gta for computer :$
i love this vid
Cipher that wasn't funny
if cars didnt have friction, they couldnt move
^
:D
XD
everytime
:D:$XD
hi Buytoast
LO
hey twilight_sprinkle and everypony
L
XD
hi Pearly
hai Pearly :)
Hai Pearly
ello Pearly
hi Pearly
hi Pearly :)
Pearly: Hi! :)
Welcome to random plus stream. But mostly random. And stream.
Run niko Run!!
Ohai Pearly! :3
/me runs
/me and is hit by a flying car
xD
Yea, I'd love to make a true-to-real-life-physics no friction mode...nothing would ever move ever unless you could push off a sturdy object...lol
This is what'll happens on December 21...nothing but Cars modded in a Gmod-ish fomat and Benny Hill music.
He escaped from his country. FOR THIS?
:D
I think this is more than no friction.
cachi01|phone: Murrica!
:D
hey there everypony
Or for pushing a car, you move fast, but the car wouldn't as much, since the player character weighs so much less.
howve you been Pearly ?
OtakuTom no friction. There wouldn't be any "sturdy objects"
xD
XD
wth
:D
Basicly, the cars plotting a conquest to dominate our society and claim it as one of our own.
DAFUQ XDD
100
200
x2
0,14HE'S A SUPERHERO
the would all just slide if you tried to push them
400
it's like Sonic Spinball but with some serbian guy
Hey, he's Spider-- No, he's not.
... swing glitch?
It's Y2K in Liberty City.
+500
twilight_sprinkle, I been good today.. It was a good day for me... thanks and yourself?
lmao :D
I mean...thier...
If it's firmly attached to the ground (like a building), it would be, Canadian_Brony.
pong
lol
LOLWUT
ive seen even funnier no-friction vis :P
cachi01|phone, ping
:D
oh god lol
AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
:D
0,14YES
Pearly: ive been good too today :)
Lolwut?
wha . . .
0,14YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES
SO CUTE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0,14YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES
where am I ?
Awesome twilight_sprinkle
nom
hahaha
dat nose
Oh my gosh! :D
Kill it with Nukes.
moo
Moo :3
Cow.
Moo.
SO GODDAMN CUTE
SuperBrony64 approves
MASF123: HOW DARE YOU
moo
MASF123: that is GROVER
Nice
oh boy
yeeeeees!
:D
....Oh. My god.
wow :D
:)
I LOVE THIS SHOW!!!
Yes! :)
fits SO well
omg CHILLDHOOD
WE ARE GOING TO TRY TO DOMINATE THE WORLD
so appropiate
Why can I never find it on TV anymore?
90s > everything
/me sings along
I KNEW TWILIGHT WAS EVIL
?
WE GET IT
Dat twilight campaign.
hahaha twilight campaign
Heh can't believe I hadn't thought of this
PUN
lol Twilight campain
/me giggles.
0,14>twilight campagin
PUNNAGE
Brain brain brain brain brain.brain
0,14ha
Twilight and brain?
NARF
"Twilight Campaign" :D
"Twilight Campaign" is new name
this show, animaniacs, and freakazoid I miss so much
Pinkie and twilight
lol
:D
dat Matrix
I should vote for it next time
cry some more :D
:D
dat dispenser
Are we allowed to know the B movie for Friday?
TF2_veteran_joins_a_F2P_server.mov
dat payload race
:D
TF VS matrix
I win
hooves down
...All my money, Valve. All. my. fucking money.
Hey where are the hats?
^
predict's *%$'s is invisable to everyone now :'(
cachi01|phone soon . . .
engi nuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!
No hats. WHAAAT?!
and suddenly Horseless Headless Horseman
lol wha? :D
is dead
:D this is awesome!
REVENGE
:D
lol
"Kiss me"
Loo
kiss me aahhh
L
lol
KISS MEH
Lol
LoLz
*mwah*
Spaceballs
0,14GabeMoist!
all my sides :D
Amazeballs
oh this is gonna be GOOD
YES
Ohai Cipher
Space balls!
Oh shit, there goes the planet
0,14haven't seen you in a while
:O OH MY GURD GabeMoist!
wb GabeMoist how are you man?
Cipher, I've been busy
YO!
Hey GabeMoist
0,14studying space?
:D
I'm surrounded by assholes :P
hey GabeMoist
Love that movie
Hi there GabeMoist :)
KEEP FIRING ASSHOLES!
   
Oh this scene!
deleted scene?
Ohai LadyCanary and otakon and pings
*oh i remember this
^_^
13yes this is a deleted scene
I REMEMBER THIS SCENE
der gun be a flamethrower iirc
There jamming our radars sir RASPBERRIES!!!
Oh this scene, this was removed because of the 9/11 atack...
lol i remember the I have no soul bit from this *satan laugh* :D
Thid wasnt deleted
13they didn't want kids dumping buckets of gasoline underwater i guess
^
o rite
lol
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
lmfao
LoLz
Poor Squidward
XDDDDDD
AGAIN!
againXD
Shizuka: actually I remember when this showed the first time that was included
:D
0,14toasty!
And it had to be deleted.
/me dumps gasoline on Bronystate
^
Shizuka: wow
I do love random YouTube nights
that scene was deleted?
/me dumps gasoline on SPARTA!
HAHAHA
lol
THIS. IS. CANADAAAA!!!!
:D
No this is patrick
brb
CANADA!
THIS. IS. SPARTA!
the sparta, id eat there
Dat RD
THIS. IS. BRONYSTATE! :[ lol
oh hi there Rainbow Dash
aww
D'aaw.
Pet her
HNNNNNNG
aw dashies
Dat walking
aahhhh
gaaaaay
D'aaaaqqq
i want a dashie D:
HNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNG
AWWW!
I Hwodner Hwat the Hwas aboot
0,14well, that was mood whiplashtasitc
Nein
:D i remember this show
Ja
Cya everypony
No.
god i remeber this!
13yesss
Yes or No? MAKE UP YOUR GODDAMN MIND!!!
bye DerpyMuffins
13in this thread, ponies who don't remember me streaming this
bison/avi
dammit
I remember!
0,14and this is where Daniel Bryan got the idea for his catchphrase
Yes
I feel so young now . . .
13except the awesome ponies :3
He's kind of... Binary.
First time for me.
Frank Welker is best Megatron
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees
This is the 3rd video I've seen since I came back. It's all good so far.
13david kaye is best megatron
ah beast wars :) i remember as a kid collecting all the figures
YES
OR
NO
Yesh
ever seen Transformers Prime? His Megatron voice kicks so much ass in that one
Megatron: "I can't decide...if i'm supposed to say "Yesss"...or "No"..."
CHOOOOOSE!!
:D
inb4 maybe
/me looks at time
oh my
0,14haha
lol and this goes on for 5 min. :D
Yesssssss.
Shizuka how long is this video?
i think "YES" is gonna win here lol
My brain is starting to melt...
and how far are we in?
Megatron's getting a massage.
Let's get Big Mac in here to break it up with an Eeyup
lol if Megatron was in those Herbal Essence cms :D
JESmith71: :D
I CAN'T TAKE IT!!!
/me orgasmic yes no
/me 's brain explodes
DoombringerZero, a massage. Okay. That's a better way of thinking of it than what came to my mind.
0,14...
....that one shot....he was brushie-brushie-ing his T-Rex teeth
0,14I'll have what he's having
"Ohh YES!" < My favorite.
G2G Goodnight everypony!!!! Thx for stream shizu :)
oh the ones where they become vehicals lol
Bye cachi01.
VenHur I almost said that IRL
Maybe
Perhaps
Derp
possibly
M. Bison would be proud
hello evry pony
He's a Yesbot. If he wants power, he should go to Madison Avanue.
13anyone else getting that feeling "yes" isn't a real word yet?
hi scottish-geeky
so, Megatron's best lines?
hello Canadian_Brony
hi scottish-geeky
Shizuka: like fun?
Shizuka what is "yes"?
Hi scottish-geeky
Shizuka, ...
sey, Shizuka
0,14Shizuka, yesss
si
Shizuka: what is this "yes" you speak of
Oh yessss
And bye everypony :)
hai
seeya cachi01|phone
bye cachi01|phone
btw hi otakon and LadyCanary
hi thelonepony
hi meh
hiya meh
Megatron has alot of Yeses than Nos.
Shizuka: I am
hi Canadian_Brony
hi cac
hi meh
lol
Whatever
and ONE "whatever"
:D
squee
squee?
hi thelonepony
did I hear a squee?
....ducky?
squee
dat squee!
WHERE DID THE SQUEE COME FROM?
Oh, for-- he sounds like he's on the edge of a Rogasm.
WAHT?
Canadian_Brony, yesss
duck
suddenly, wig
otakon a rubber ducky. Go figure
otakon: he had a ducky
is he in Terrorsaur's body?
:D
Shizuka: was he in Terrorsaurs body?
I liked the part where he said no
It seemed like there were more
Stupid flash keeps crashing.
156 Yeses!?
Yeeess...
Ponies47: ello mate
"A somewhat-fast tango"
hi scottish-geeky
13remember
Ponies47: how are you
...HO...LY...SHEET!
13he's never heard it
wow
13ever
BLIND PLAY
wow...i love it
never heard it
scottish-geeky: Good. You?
Shizuka: LIES
13just wait
never played it
Shikuza: *spitting coffee*
13it gets unbelievably awesome
Ponies47: good
....
O_o
He's gooood
Yesss
very good indeed
Wow.......he's great.
:O
For a first-time sigh read, that's incredible.
^
Holy mother of Celestia
Shizuka I know a guy who can play the Super Mario Theme on a ukelele because he played the first level over and over and over because he sucks at video games
It's buurrrns! In a good waaaaaay!
never seen a single note page
Do The Mario
just by ear
VenHur: it's a GOOD burn
*Megatron voice* Yessss....
NO!
thats probabaly one of the hardest things to do , play a piece while learning it
13just wait
Sketch_Toku_Brony: XD
13we're only halfway
Swing your arm, from side to side, come on, Do the Mario!
its that burn that feels good
so i stoped lisging to slipknot for this .... i reget it a little
Shizuka not even
scottish-geeky: -_______-
otakon: what
-____-
scottish-geeky: you regret listening to this instead of SlipKnot... =___=
^
otakon is disappoint
yesss he is
scottish-geeky -_(\
otakon: pepole = sh^&
Canadian_Brony: what
scottish-geeky: shit
otakon: aye \m/
scottish-geeky how in the name of unholy buck could you regret anything for this?
scottish-geeky: change you're nick! you don't deserve "geeky" in it!
otakon: HOW DAER YOU
I'll take that name off your hooves . . .
seriously how can this NOT bring a smile to your face?
/me rovokes scottish-geeky's geek license
Canadian_Brony: if it was beter quality vid
GabeMoist: NEVER
Yessss
this is great
/me strips scottish-geeky of his "geeky" title.
scottish-geeky . . . GTFO.
now
scottish-casual
jeez that titles getting pulled everywhere
:D
AJIsAwesome: you deserve a prrrrrrrrrromotion!
lol
GabeMoist: AJIsAwesome Canadian_Brony METAL COMES FIRST
no
scottish-geeky GET. OUT.
scottish-geeky: http://i.imgur.com/BEbyR.png
No
scottish-geeky: metal, BAH
otakon: pretty easily actually
oni_link: Oh, boy! Why thank you, my good man.
UP THE IRONS METAL WILL NEVER DIE
twilight_sprinkle: not you too !
otakon: well i never like mario that much so
AJIsAwesome: this is what all warriors strive for :D
.... hahah ho hoh heheheh hahah
That was great
Lovely!
Whooo!
scottish-geeky: i like metal as well but when this comes on you respect it
amazing
That was BEAUTIFUL!
scottish-geeky also, either stop drinking or get drunk. Whichever you aren't currently
oni_link: I'm so hungry, I could eat an Octorock!
Nintendo, HIRE THAT GUY!
nice
:D
Canadian_Brony im sober havent had a drop in my life
13again
13never seen it before
AJIsAwesome: Have some munf munf cereal :D
nice so far, speed isn't quite fast enough though
this song <3
13just wait
this guy is a beast
13he's playing at standard ragtime speed
he think's it's ragtime
oni_link: Oh, boy! Munf Munf!
this song . . . those levels need railings
/me likes sonic more than mario
Canadian_Brony: desperately
I feel like he's starting to speed up as he's starting to get used to it...lol
scottish-geeky: =_____=
scottish-geeky, out
:O
this was my favorite of all mario songs
JusticeKoro: lol
ermagerd
meh: me too
I freaking loved this piece in the game.
Favorite track in the game.
scottish-geeky . . . I give up. I just bucking give up. You're hopeless
Yea, this is one of my favorite songs from the Mario franchise.
^
I love the underwater variation
NocturnalBlade: i respect i just siad i wished ifineshd the song
oni_link: Oh, DEFINITELY.
:)
/me likes Mario AND Sonic
this is so freakin amazing
Canadian_Brony: what never rilly liked the games
/me liked both Mario and Sonic and never chose either one.
/me as so does I.
/me is confused people find that so hard
scottish-geeky: nobody was stoping you my friend, you could have waited ^_^
/me is bobbing around
13here we go
NocturnalBlade: aye true
t begins
YEAH
i like both games but i suck more at mario than sonic
I choose Mario over Sonic anyday, but I also like Sonic.
o god yeeeeees!
:D oh god
..............................
O_____O
HELL YEAH
WOOOOOOOO
this
Wow.....
is
/me dances to it
Awwww Yeeeaaaaaaaaah
PARTY HARD
O__________________O
truly
woot
awesome
Now THIS is how fast it is in the game, or maybe a bit faster
/me bobs his head
I love it
i do love this theme
now imagine the levels played at this tempo
the levels this song corresponds to
at this speed
AND CHUCK NORRIS APPROVED!
VenHur: (\
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
This is pretty much the speed the original song plays at.
chuck norris seal of approval?
i know
Hi, Prince_Blueblood.
/me ears are bleeding from the awesome
DAMMIT
hi Prince_Blueblood
Please tell me there's more of that. lol
13different guy
MORE TOM BRIER DAMNIT!
/me only has one ear at the moment
thers a lot of peano
JusticeKoro: ouch what happened?
scottish-geeky: what's wrong with piano?
scottish-geeky: Piano
otakon: nuthing
okay
NocturnalBlade: thanks
no prob ^_^
Not sure. The ear itself is fine, it's just clogged by an infection or something. I'm seeing a doctor about it tomorrow
hi AJIsAwesome and Canadian_Brony
I could never, in my entire life, play the piano. I have trouble with a ukelele
otakon: i wish thers was en elictric getar in ther some waer
JusticeKoro, that's awful
:D
0,14ah, Hedwig's theme
0,14played that on sax
/me bops along to the tune
JusticeKoro: it's your sinus' is all, it'll clear out once your mucus does. Also when it does HOLD ON TO SOMETHING! You will lose your balance for sure.
^
JusticeKoro: take care of it
my god this is awsome
/me imagines Harry Potter in the 1920s while listening.
JusticeKoro: what otakon said. i had that problem a Lot
now if thay plaed super mareo bros at full sped on bagpipes i be impresd
inb4 imperial march
VenHur :D
:D
scottish-geeky: TO YOUTUBE!
0,14also, yes this is stride piano
lol
I'll keep that in mind
otakon: lol
Snazzy.
0,14one hand does a lot of work, and the other does the fills
ay
eeyup
JusticeKoro: its probably just buildup of earway. youll just need to pour some special dissolver in and and then flush it out
:D
*earwax
cantina
*yay cantina
that is why I will never be able to play the piano
DAT CANTINA BAND
hell ya
JusticeKoro: i had to do that a lot of times
. . . this song . . .
Battlefront II
0,14YES
0,14CANTINA SONG
i can see people in dancing to this lol
that stupid bar
Mos eisley
Well, I'll know for sure at approximately 2:30 tomorrow
so much win here
DeathStar: ello mate
impossible to defend
CHUCK NORRIS APPROVED x 3!
/me dances
scottish-geeky: hello ^_^
see like that
This guy is a baws
DeathStar: how u like the pic
LadyCanary: that's my job D:
/me dances with LadyCanary
scottish-geeky: ^_^ I like it
/me dances
come on everypony dance!
DeathStar care for a dance then?
/me dances
DeathStar: yay =3
/me wiggles his finger to the music
/me taps his foot.
/me joins in on the dance
/me dances with Canadian_Brony
called it
/me Can't dance
/me jazz hands
tap dammit
/me dances
dat washboard
Bye bye everypony i am heading to my work
i'm not the greatest dancer
/me broods on the wall
/me claps
bye Maid_RainBow
13back to god
bye Maid_RainBow have a good day
Maid_RainBow: Bye!
bye Maid_RainBow , take care
hugs Maid_RainBow
YES
bye Maid_RainBow
YES
13once again
YES
OH MAH GAWD
13never seen it
Animaniacs!
More Tom Brier...AWWW YEAAAH!
ANIMANAICS?!
bai Maid_RainBow
YES
*Megatron* YEEEES!
errrrmah gherrrd
YES YES YES
Hellz yeah
Love that show.
it's almost perfect already
This show was insanely awesome
/me sings along
COME JOIN THE WARNER BROS
Meanwhile: no doubt, great show
0,14OMG YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES
well, hes fast.
Hi, Petrified_Discord.
Hiya AJIsAwesome :)
wb Petrified_Discord
ANIMANIACS?! ...Give THIS GUY THE CHUCK NORRIS SEAL OF APPROVAL!
/me does en Irsh jig
I demand "Animaniacs" be played on Bronystate
^
. . .please?
VenHur: Or we could give him a seal of approval from someone who's nto a complete douche.
and Freakazoid~!!
but other than that, cant really say hes a god just by playinf off notes well
that too
Anypony else here memorize "The Nations of the World", or was that just me? :$
oni_link: (\ HELL YA
VenHur, No. Chuck Norris gives him HIS seal of approval
scottish-geeky: /)
/me dies from the awesome
I ALSO demand "Animaniacs" to be played on Bronystate.
oni_link: lol
*that came out wrong'
good evening everypony :)
13ragtime is less about sheet music and more about having the skill to fill in
We should have a 90s month where we play nothing but 90s cartoons.
Allo kirz.
hello kirzstryfe
wwwwooww.
The Chuck Norris Seal of Approval
night kirzstryfe
He gives Chuck Norris his seal of approval
0,14oh hai kirzstryfe
kirzstryfe: Hi!
AJIsAwesome: I approve
Hey kirzstryfe!
damn it tab fail
wow
hi kirzstryfe. This guy is amazing on the piano! He's playing songs he has never heard before
hi kirzstryfe
hiya kirzstryfe what's up man?
hi kirzstryfe
/me can sing along no matter where it starts
hi kirzstryfe
Ohai Capt Kirz
13now he's making it up
DUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUDE
:O
kirzstryfe!
Shizuka still good
SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!
I mean . . .
hi kirzstryfe
dayum
/me is...speechless.
0,14DAT IMPROV
can't see anything, stream isn't connecting >.<
I love improv
/me takes his hat off and bows in respect
so much fun to be had
This guy's awesome.
wo
This...
*wow
hahaha amazing
is...
HOLY MOLEY
well hes definitely good at improv
amazing...
All that speed and precision must take a hell of a lot of practice
AWW YEAAAH!
http://images3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120324023153/fantendo/images/3/3f/Shut-up-and-take-my-money.jpg
So...anypony else here able to sing Yakko's World?
THAT WAS FIVE STARS RIGHT THERE!
wow
SONIC FTW
who
O_o
whoooo
Yes, Sonic The Hedgehog!
Is this from one of the games?
Best game ever
eh i actually dont know this one
Kandarihu: Yes.
Sonic 3
Ponies47: i love sonic
welp it official this is the awesomemest dude ever
oni_link Tom Brier. He's the one playing
Gumball Bonus Stage
First game?
meh: Gumball Machine from SOnic 3.
Kandarihu: its the music that plays during the gumball minigame in sonic 3
never hear of gumball rag
argh
my flash crashed
/me never owned a Genesis...THANK GOD FOR SONIC MEGA COLLECTION!
Oh, okay
/me dancis
VenHur: Same here.
otakon: sucks to be you
VenHur: I LOVE the Sonic Mega Collection
VenHur: hell ya
VenHur: best goddamn deal EVER
The closest thing I have to Genesis is a Genesis controller. XD
seriously, 20 bucks for some of the BEST 16 bit games ever
otakon: Agreed.
evrybody jazz hands
also, Phantasy Star 4
I have one hooked up upstairs
Canadian_Brony: thanks for that, i derped and made a typo. I wanted to say whooooo! :P
/me jazz hands
Barrel
I has Sonic Mega Collection PLUS on Xbox.
s'alright
/me walks in a circle wiggling his finger in the air.
/me jazz hands, even if i dont know the song
Only thing I use it for is sports games now, almost all the good games are on collections
/me walks the dinosaur
hai kirzstryfe
Hockey games on the Genesis=nirvana
hey
/me has never played this game
bit late right now isn't it ?
open the door, get on the floor, EVERYBODY WALK THE DINOSAUR!
/me jazz hads with AJIsAwesome and NocturnalBlade
Canadian_Brony: :O
how was your job ?
yeah
yep, just got home though
Canadian_Brony: gtfo
Ima Nintendo
STFU
Gumball Machine, Sonic 3 right?
Canadian_Brony: u mad bro
yup
mitamaking: Yep.
mitamaking: eeyup
/me imagines Sonic in the 1920s as this song plays in my mind.
scottish-geeky nah
scottish-geeky, you can't tell anyone to gtfo
oh sonic 3? see thats why, never played sonic 3
This feels a lot like a regular chat room, Canadian_Brony and scottish-geeky :D
Imma Segtendosoftony
GabeMoist yeah! That's my job!
GabeMoist: he told me to
I jumped with Sonic to Nintendo with Sonic Advance and Sonic Adventure 2 Battle
I noticed we sorted the upgrades out again.
Polydunami|PS: lolz
I heard Michael Jackson was involved.
yeah
Polydunami|PS this is anything from "regular"
THIS
IS
GabeMoist: dendet you tell me to as well -_-
BRONYSTATE!!!!
did the emblem one finish yet?
It has, yeah.
Cheers!
VenHur: that may be true, we will never know
time to see what that interface looks like then :)
NocturnalBlade: Sonic 3 & Knuckles is best Sonic game
What's going on, guys?
JESmith71: Sonic 2
PillowPoni|Phone: PONYS
/me For anyone not aware what the Gumball Rag is, its the song that plays during the special stage that features a gumball machine with powerups in it
PillowPoni|Phone: Hi!
PillowPoni|Phone: the Tom Brier guy playin more songs on the piano
hi PillowPoni|Phone. This guy is playing songs he has never heard or seen before
JESmith71: Hell yeah it is.
Mmmm....
oooooh neat
whos striming
woah
scottish-geeky: it's Shizuka
I can see into the piano...O_O
scottish-geeky Shizu
Did he play any Minecraft songs?
PillowPoni|Phone: no sadly
thanks otakon and Canadian_Brony
I heard there's a ROM hack called "Knuckles in Sonic 1".
PillowPoni|Phone none steamed
Aww
Oh my
0,14MIKUUUUUUUU
VenHur: supposadly something happened and they had un-credit him for the soundtrack but I believe he was a part of it. this is speculation of course but i think he was involved. theres a WHOOO soundbyte that sounds alot like his
Dat Miku
Miku, is that you?
Sonic Adventure 2 Barrle is one of my favorite games ever
Okay...I have a reason for thinking of Miku when I saw that teal streak...lol
/me waves fist
mitamaking: Never heard of that one.
/me doesn't get it
Hatsume Miku?!
*Battle
Great, now I want to continue playing Project Diva F...I need to unlock Extreme mode for all the songs...lol
mitamaking: Okay, NOW I have.
I get t osee Miku in November
*to see
13love this song so much
da fuq it........... burns
mitamaking: lucky D:
Ohai Pinkies4thWall
It's nice Shizu.
:O Shizu likes Miku?
13this is the only one i have
Ah xD
LadyCanary what gave you the hint?
13but i played the hell out of it on audiosurf
Seems like a fun song to play ^_^
This song forces me to rock left to right in my chair. I ain't even mad. :/
Audiosurf . . . I don't get it.
Canadian_Brony: ^
/me wished there's a Hatsume Miku song in DDR.
13i bumped audio quality way up but i'm sure the bass isn't getting through as well as it should
I've been playing the song Secret Police for a while now on the new Project Diva game.
I'm kinda downloading the software right now. 32GB over Rapidshare is going to take almost 2 weeks, though
I hope it's at least interesting.
BOX
OtakuTom, how is that Project Diva game?
same
I really like it.
http://www.lulztruck.com/38922/as-a-guy-who-works-every-weekend/ ohh spider man
I'm thinking after guild bank, we shoot for the guild armorer
The Lobby monitors in PSO2 are still playing that Project Diva ad alongside a promo video for an upcoming patch.
get some armor with the emblem on it :)
lmao scottish-geeky
scottish-geeky LoLz
oni_link: lol
It's got all the same features from the previous games, better graphics since it's on Vita, and the soundtrack is real good, with 32 songs.
13Saihate [Piano Cover]
Canadian_Brony: lolz
13beautiful song
0,14do you have a link to your emblem?
might be able to pull something up once we pick it out
true
aye
Oh, so it's a sequel?
pretty song
I haven't even seen the interface for it all yet
0,14ah
suddenly DOS
not my cup of tea, but it is good
but I'll get a SS once it's done
Ah, good old IT
ooooooooooohhhhhhhhhh
. . . I dont' even drink tea
Future music of the past. WAT.
I'm liking this already
13i have a pretty good collection of tracker music
wait what tracker is this? it looks familiar
Petrified_Discord Timeception!
13impulse
JonTron: OH. MAI. GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWD!
oh
damn I am digging this
I am trying to figure out what it is I'm looking at
anypony remember Sailor Moon? remembered it and checked out the op,ah memories :$
a song made in Impulse Tracker.
Canadian_Brony: Chiptune programmer.
looks "futuristic" from an 80's point of view
ah
13the notes are in the center
13i was never terribly fond of the percussion, but the bass line is so powerful in this one
man awesome song :)
got some blindbags tonight, one was the shiny Caramel
IT is wayyyyyyyyyyyyyy over my head. Im just gonna stick to Famitracker
there is a good reason why I sing the music and not write it
or play it
Canadian_Brony: It said 97, not 87...
Keep it away from Shamroc
whatev
thers a lak of metal
13the blips at the bottom are kind of visualizing the notes
hehe
I really love the bass in this
13scottish-geeky: if you don't like it shut up and do something else, stop complaining at us because it's clear you are in the minority
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Tara Strong's Other DragonCon Panel
That looked like it stung.
kinda reminds me of a mix off Megaman X and maybe Shinobi
Shizuka I want to say he's whining, but I doubly know better.
Shizuka: im not comlpaing im trying to make jokes if i am pissing you of i am sorry
Sketch_Toku_Brony: was just thinkin that
Close . . .
Shizuka: can we listen to AUCR by STU later? :3
This music is TOO DARN GROOVY!
Groovy.avi
13look at the echos at the bottom
13the lead is amazing
EARTHWORM JIM APPROVED!
lol
/me stares at the blinking lights in confusion
Thanks for sharing Shizuka, do you have any more?
3 days, 9 hours, and 45 minutes. Come on BM:S.
XAX until what?
Canadian_Brony: BMN
13much more :3
Until Black Mesa Source.
Canadian_Brony this is whining :insert Raity joke here:
Oi, Windows, Down in front
YES!!!
hi XAX
Hi.
Thx Shiz. I'm out
XAX: Also, Hello!
bye Kinixys
See you, Kinixys
Kinixys: Bye!
later Kinixys
AJIsAwesome really? I see "3 days, 17 hours, 57 minutes"
See ya Kinixys.
Bye guiz!
maybe it's just me
Canadian_Brony: Depends on one's time zone. I hav 3 days, 18 hours, and 2 minutes.
seeya kin-
AJIsAwesome and Canadian_Brony he said Black Mesa source
OH
that would be why
*stomps hooves like crazy* that was AWESOME
Astral Dreams, huh?
What does it all mean!?
Well, I can read :P
MODPLUG
13easier when you can see more of it
is this what the inside of an MID file looks like?
13this is xmplay actually
Ok, input time, selection of fore- and backgrounds for the guild emblem:
http://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Gallery_of_guild_emblems
Title on wiki.guildwars2.com: Gallery of guild emblems - Guild Wars 2 Wiki (GW2W)
Hello sorry i wasn't chatin for a while
Shizuka: they look very similar :P
hi Moopy
hi moobull569
DAMMIT
13modplug did weird things to leveling i found
hi Moopy
hi
Oh MAN! It's 12:03! Got to suit up everypony. [gets in the Taco Suit and leaves in the Tacomobile]
seeya VenHur
Backgrounds and emblems.
/me sists in the corner with a shadow over face with creepy smile
seeya VenHur
See you, VenHur
VenHur: youre tacoman, the game master :p
I remember the days when I'd run Modplug all the time. That was on my first computer.
VenHur: Bye!
by VenHur
13i love isolating channels
Well, a bit down the emblem line is some manner of combined sun and crescent moon, that's rather nice.
13trackers is best music
I can hear bits of Unreal Tournament in this.
/me hugs Shizuka
yes
13stuff like this kept me a little more sane in high school :3
http://wiki.guildwars2.com/images/4/4c/Guild_emblem_023.png ?
Shizuka pfft, sanity
who needs it?
Sketch_Toku_Brony, 0_o
http://wiki.guildwars2.com/images/2/22/Guild_emblem_117.png
ikr GabeMoist
there is an alicorn too http://wiki.guildwars2.com/images/2/2f/Guild_emblem_057.png
i really like the snare sample in this one
Personally I think that one's a bit too obnoxious.
there is a crescent moon as well, but it's in game and not on the page
I do too, but it's there :P
Hey is there a stream going on sense i have to refresh it?
13that bass was awesome too
Well there is a sun in the backgrounds list, perhaps you could overlay the moon on that.
wait, it is http://wiki.guildwars2.com/images/8/83/Guild_emblem_116.png
Sketch_Toku_Brony, and what a stream it is
:o
13a good chunk is piano based stuff too
/me is loving all of the music
BG: http://wiki.guildwars2.com/images/0/02/Guild_emblem_background_22.png
FG: http://wiki.guildwars2.com/images/8/83/Guild_emblem_116.png
?
Aye.
13there's a reason this composer is named "awesome" :3
indeed
Hello
Seems rather pretentious.
sondly muisc sound pritty
Sketch_Toku_Brony: lol i love that pic
Anyone played To The Moon on Steam?
No hellos for me's
I like this, I must get more!
hi JRP
ohai JRP_. sorry, i was a bit busy
BLEH
hi JRP sorry, wasnt watchin the chat XD
Aw i love that ending
hi JRP sorry imn on deventart
13problem is my entire collection of tracker stuff is from five years ago, and the archives are an utter disaster
reminded me of Shizu's outtro for a sec
Shizuka: hay u shold look up lindsy sturling
/me Yawns
Ponies47: are u sleepy
Time for sleep :3
Shizuka: yeah its hard to organize. but i dont think 5 years is alot of time, I listen to NSF files made in 03 and earlier :D
Good night everypony :)
night Ponies47
g'night Ponies47
night ponies47
13some of them are closer to 1995 i think
13some skaven stuff
What colour's the moon?
/me hugs Ponies47 nite
Ponies47: Night!
oh wow :O 97, thats retro
luna
*95
Because that's a colour now.
13but by five years ago i mean it's an archive i took of my box as an emergency backup... which was during high school... which was disaster shizu
eeyup
:P
13so they're scattered all over the place down there
Thanks for the stream Shizuka :3
emblems are 2-tone
13thankfully i can still navigate five years old filesystems perfectly
Fair enough. I guess whichever's the better compliment.
so blue with darker blue
ohhh thats good :P lol
13just a matter of remembering where the clusters were
95 . . high school . . . great, now I feel like I'm the youngest one here
/me Goes to bed
1395 wasn't high school for me no, 2007 was
oh
I noticed when I saw your folder system :)
13but i have some ancient tracker files in here
old is goofd ^.^
*good
13this is the earliest i think
oni_link: you dun goofd
good evening everyone
hi OneTrickPony
hoi OneTrickPony
hi OneTrickPony
neat
OneTrickPony: Hi!
twilight_sprinkle: you would say that :P
hiya OneTrickPony
Shizuka: what's a tracker?
13or at least it comes from the cluster of trackers i got from dad, which i knew he'd built up around 97 or 98
Oh, I recognize this music. I believe the game it's used in is called Meritous
13not knowing what they were :3
I should have let that bot die. This is what being a good guy gets you into.
wow, your dad used to collect these?
13way back on aol :3
I am now Left 4 the Dead
Shizuka so if my math is correct, you're in your early twenties. Why do I still feel so young? I feel like I know nothing that existed before Y2K!
1322
I HATE FEELING YOUNG!!!
13i love this ending so much
I wish my dad was into this stuff , Im jealous shizu
13he wasn't so much into it as he had it lying around :3
13so that was the original, this is a remix by someone else some years later
Shizuka: I'm not into pc stuff rmemeber? what is a tracker?
13what you're looking at
Trackers are magic
haha but thats still so cool :P and this ought to be good
13it's midi but better
Shizuka you were born in 1899?
1899\
Pfft.
pffff, BAHAHAHAHA!!
My math is bad
Cipher, Meanwhile, http://i.imgur.com/9ybFS.jpg?1
your math is weak
an I thought my math was awful
/me pats MASF123
0,14oooh
its okay
That's good.
0,14dats nice
Um...1989?
YOUR MATH IS WEAK AND PATHETIC!
1390
she's a yougun'
Shizuka is 113
13i'm tree an a haff
^
lol
That's impossible, I am born on 1990 and I'm 1
21
wow :P 91 for me
84
13MASF123: may
92.
ah the early nineties
a magical time
92
December for me
13i've had my birthday already, which means you're still waiting for yours
'92 'ere
94 here
MASF123: whooo december babies!
0,14'91
96 here
January babies!
7 years older and I feel like I've been on the planet for less than a year.
lol 98
Cipher is watching
'97
0,14:3
inb4 dern kids
that be me
Cipher /) 91 ftw
You kids get off my lawn!
and me
I am young here~
'96
0,14(\ oni_link
BOOOOO 91
Hmp dem numbers lolz
I'm a 1990 child, myself /) Shizu :3
December 13th 1992.
January, anyone?
13when it comes to irc i usually put everyone at 20 and go up or down by their behavior
/me is at 2
13though when i started irc at 17 i was mistaken for like 26 >>
so what did you think I was at first shizu? :)
......
...............
.
13see but if someone asks i'll just say 20 or around there :3
I am the youngest person here right now >_>
/me was probably a 15 on the scale. XD
Why would you want to know what shizu actually thinks of you.
What is this, "guess my age" time? XD
13oh hey! the timestamps are still valid on these
-_(\
I want to know more about the past because I wasn't there. It was relatively recent but so far away.
am i the oldest here?
13the original ice frontier got touched but next is one from 1992
Meanwhile: why not?
otakon is the oldest here
NocturnalBlade: How old are you?
oni_link: Because she probably hates you.
twilight_sprinkle: currently
AJIsAwesome: 23...soon to be 24 in november
but there is another...
Not quite, NocturnalBlade.
Okay. 18 over here.
/me speaks of Kencolt, the grand-elder of Bronystate.
13timestamped october 6 1992
otakon: cypresswolf?
no
Kencolt
i must resist to slam my face in my kybord
13rocking the retro 4 channels
Meanwhile: lol well Id rather know than someone putting up a facade
kencolt is like, 50.
Shit, really? :D
Shizuka, that's really close to how old I am
how are you then otakon
13and of course being a tracker, this 4:15 song weighs 140kb
NocturnalBlade: 28
I wasn't really a good newcomer to bronystate. I didn't know how this place worked and what it was like here, so I learned based off experience.
13an equivalent MP3 usually starts at 4MB depending on compression
I used to feel lucky I grew up as a 21st century kid. Now, I'm looking stories my mother and grandmother would tell of how she grew up.
oh well then i think i'm in third lol
Shizuka: are u mad at me
Yeah, I made a WAV of an NES sound file and it came out to about 16MB
Shizuka: wait, this is more detailed then some songs nowadays, good sounding and it's ONLY 140kb?
13yup
13demoscene does some crazy stuff
haha otakon has been mind blown :D
It's weird, even though I'm 22, that I feel like I'm on the older end of the crowd :S
13also otakon
Over time, I adapted to this place, and I love coming here for both the streams and the crazy conversations we have.
13there are only four notes playing at a time
yes Shizuka?
Shizuka: damn really?
13you can see them :3
13only the black line is playing
AJIsAwesome: same...and another reason ^_^
this intricate at only four notes?
All that looks like is gibberish.
GODDAMMIT WHY DOES MUSIC SUCK NOW?
SERIOUSLY THIS MAKES NO SENSE
otakon: IKR?
I come here for my daily dose of Insanity
Because you're becoming an old man otakon.
otakon, because
otakon: Because we ran out of good music?
lol
4 channels :)
otakon: pffff bieber makes the best music. hes so much better than beatles
I like Petrified_Discord's response
otakon: becaus stupid people
I"m getting emotional, which means I've stayed up too late
twilight_sprinkle: GET.OUT.
Meanwhile, which faction did you go with?
twilight_sprinkle: NOW.
Vigil.
I just met you repeats the same melody over and over again, and it's a hit on radio stations.
cool
*"I just met you"*
AJIsAwesome: okay but that's a bubblegum fluff song
Because frankly smashing things is the only proper answer.
also, calling it right now, the identity of the Master of Whispers
otakon: http://images.wikia.com/central/images/3/38/Okay_face.jpg
AJIsAwesome: they're only meant to be catchy and light and bubbly.
is the Charr you meet as your first contact
13i forgot how well i balanced the eq in this player
twilight_sprinkle: lol i just got snaped at for saying metal is betre than mario muisc
G'night everypony. I'm hitting the hay so I can drown in a sespool of horomones and emotions.
13the bass is wubful <3
The Master of What.
and he's selling apples
twilight_sprinkle: okay okay, you don'thave to go.
nite Canadian_Brony
its all aboot them biebers and rebecca black >_>
head guy of the Order of Whispers
Thank you Shizuka for everything really.
nigte Canadian_Brony
Isn't that "Call Me Maybe", AJIsAwesome?
otakon: yay
Canadian_Brony: that sucks... take care.
I would still like some differentiation every once in a while, though.
night Canadian_Brony
Polydunami|PS: eeyup
Ah, don't think you interact with the other orders heads.
Canadian_Brony: NIght!
you said this is xmplay correct?
scottish-geeky: lol well tbh i dont know much about either. i prefer classical/orchestral
its not fryday frady somthing somthing
13february 8 1004
13er
131994
you either do at some point, or it'll be in an expansion
1004? That's old
13entitled War in the Middle Earth
btw i just listened to violin dubstep.
/me pukes
wow
/me prefers Cookie Monster's: Share It Maybe
13nine channel s3m
scottish-geeky: French Fry Day, Fry Day, gotta get down on Fry Day?
twilight_sprinkle: ya i like enthing that isnet rap or pop muisc so classica metal and punk
Petrified_Discord: lol
Perhaps I haven't reached that bit yet.
This is very neat.
Im thinking of trying Deflemask tracker out.
scottish-geeky: yeah i cant stand rap. i dont even think it should be classified as music
13(file is timestamped january 1996, so that must have been when dad was collecting)
I prefer Jazz/Classical(Orchestra)/Electronic. There are more but I can't remember them right now.
i can listen to just about anything...but i have my limits lol
Whatever happened to the Modarchive?
Although it seems to be between two defined pitches as far as I can hear it.
I wonder how much of the story quest is left actually, I'm already level capped.
13they're still around i think
twilight_sprinkle: thank you all rap is talking slow or fast and raming once or twice
needs moar Cradle Theme from goldeneye n64
it ties into each of the dungeons, that much I know
scottish-geeky: exactly! all it takes is a beat, which is like 1% if the full requirement it takes to make actualy music
These songs need to have more exposure.
I only looked after asking. I see, they are still around.
13bass getting through okay? this is more awesome than i remember it :3
Yep.
It's alright.
Shizuka: yeah
My tastes are kinda weird...here's an example: in my playlist "The Stampede" from the Lion King ost is followed by "The Super Mario Super Show Intro in German". I don't even speak German. XD
twilight_sprinkle: and thay say insutls that a 1ft grader make and say ther "hardcor" -_(\
this Charr is so funny
Petrified_Discord, I have Scottish Pirate metal followed by music from the Pokemon Red
Going to have to take my thief into Whispers and get a look at that.
scottish-geeky: my friend actually told me once that "im sexy and i know it" has deep philosophical meaning :I
GabeMoist: scottish pirit metal SEND TO ME
GabeMoist: Combine them: Scottish Pirate Pokemon music :O
Shizuka: this is some good damn stuff
twilight_sprinkle: You're joking, right?
AJIsAwesome: i wish i were.
twilight_sprinkle: pffft HAHAHAHAAHAHAAH :D
wow this is awesome
As well as Beethoven followed by Katamari
twilight_sprinkle: Wow........*sigh*
scottish-geeky: ikr :P
That just screams hippy to the nth degree to me, twilight_sprinkle :D
The bass is coming through wonderfully
13have to do my all time favorite next even though it's a slower paced song
yeah, he said "im sexy and i know it" is as good as classical/orchestral
please do
Petrified_Discord: i got weird tastes too...i like alot of brony music but i still listen to my Psychopathic Records CDs i have ^_^
twilight_sprinkle: thers one pop sonf i like nad its GUNGAM STYLE and that only becuas it has asias sillnes
twilight_sprinkle: Wow. Just wow.
13may 1997
twilight_sprinkle, what about "I'm sexy and I know it" done in an orchestral style?
NocturnalBlade: O_O
Well, this was nice but I need some sleep. Night everyone, thanks for streaming Shizu.
13i love this song to death and back
woot first piece of my large rainbow dash is done... 3 hours and 40 minutes later http://i.imgur.com/CtIke.jpg theres a normal sized dash next to it for scale reference.
nite Meanwhile
Meanwhile: Nite!
6Morning x)
nite Meanwhile
Petrified_Discord: yea...told ya i was weird
scottish-geeky: i hate gangnam style with a passion, because its so popular. its become a hit, and itll just encourage more music of the same
GabeMoist: ew
Night Meanwhile
NocturnalBlade: /)
/me turns up his volume and closes his eyes
Oh...my <3
I thought about doing a Bronystate parody of IS&IKI, about the lag. I only did the chorus.
Petrified_Discord: (\
How soothing
A WILD C7 APPEARS
13this song is probably why i didn't have a full mental breakdown at any point during high school
morning :P
6xDDD
6How you doing? ^^
Case in point, twilight_sprinkle; the guy who did gangnam style is appearing on Ellen tomorrow. With Britney Spears.
scottish-geeky: i can understand that its silly, but its still pop, and its popularity will jsut encourage more of the same
twilight_sprinkle: that i agre but i love enthing that comed frome asian land
awesome, you?
its so soothing and upbeat :3
Kandarihu: You would only have to write the first 12 seconds, then replace the rest with spinning dots
6Pretty good,thx ^^
scottish-geeky: i love stuff from Japan, not all asian countries are cool :P
But that would just be first verse.
Polydunami|PS: /)_-
6I have to go to school in half an hour :P
but Shizuka, full mental breakdowns are so much fun
Yep
twilight_sprinkle: lol isnt gangum form Korea
13not at 16 they aren't
Well i should go to sleep, Goodnight everyone
i have to go to bed in half an hour :P
scottish-geeky: yeah
13i told you about the time i was sent to the happy hospital right
night TheGreatAndPowerfulT
bye TheGreatAndPowerfulT
night TheGreatAndPowerfulT
g'night TheGreatAndPowerfulT
/me remembers his first one........not a good feeling. :(
6xD
nope :(
Night anyone who is still here
night TheGreatAndPowerfulT
Oh god I remember 16...worst. age. EVER.
G'Night TheGreatAndPowerfulT
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Night!
/me huggles Shizuka
i wasnt here for that
6I wish I could go to bed again.. x)
13that was shortly after i turned 16... this played in the stereo in my room on loop for the next year
lol, at my "sweet" 16 i found out i had a potentially lethal disease on my birthday
lol
Ugh, just look at that circle! Ugh, just look at that circle! Ugh, just look at that circle!... IT WON'T START!
twilight_sprinkle: the only thing good that happin form pop is Wierd Al Yacvik
i hae to show you something haha
You know those people who say that Senior Year is the greatest year of your life? Well they're all liars. :(
have*
6:O
Kandarihu: When I walk in the chat, this is what I see. Motherfucking white dots just spinning at me.
i almost pissed myself laughing when i saw this
scottish-geeky: well technically beatles is pop too. its just more complicated pop than anything modern
6:3
i can see why, this is making me feel at ease
twilight_sprinkle: i lolve LOVE the Beatles
6You're having problems with it too? :O
Petrified_Discord: because music
I got tin on my last mile and I just can't help but show it... show it show it show it... I'm laggy and I know it.
yeah
scottish-geeky: yeah almost everyone does :P its about as good as pop gets. buuuut classical/orchestra still beats it
6I've been trying to go on for ten minutes now and it keeps telling me it couldn't connect..
try now, i just got on
Kandarihu: RefreshRefreshRefreshRefreshRefresh yeah
6Thx ^^
twilight_sprinkle: maby i finde my self going full on metal eny metal death metal vinking metal hair metal thrash metal and moder metal smowhat
AH wheres the picture :P
I was listening to the russian folk song Korobeiniki
scottish-geeky: yeah ive never been a fan of death metal tbh
thrash whoo
oni_link: dem 
twilight_sprinkle: lol
twilight_sprinkle: awesome
I liked it alot
found it :P
This music is gorgeous.
6^^
13http://youtu.be/AcrJHO_FxCU if you want to grab it
i cant believe people actually find dubstep violin music good. there are a few dubstep songs i actually like, but no way in hell does it mix with violin
13actually let me throw this up on haruko quick.. it's 500k, it's trivial
dubstep...violin?
WAT
thanks Shizuka :) i will rip it
http://modarchive.org/index.php?request=view_by_moduleid&query=37329
6Mindfuck o.0 xDDDD
This is absolutely amazing. Thank you for sharing this, Shizuka.
6*shivers*
spyner FUCKING XDDDDDDDDDDD
Petrified_Discord: ikr
/me is relaxed and content
6xDDDDDD
13http://haruko.vortalcord.net/host/NorthSky.it
it's like spyro with cynders face haha
Petrified_Discord: i search "violin" on youtube and the first result i get is "violin dubstep" :|
6xDDD
i was laughing like a retard and my brother and his friend were on the other side of the room
Shizuka: are you mad at me (i got bad memory cant rember if u sed yes or no)
13this is what i affectionately call the tribes theme, cause it was always in my playlist while i was playing starseige tribes
twilight_sprinkle: But third result is Stirling...faith in humanity mostly restored :)
6xDDDD
13scottish-geeky: if i were mad, it would be obvious
13you're fine
this is really really good
for now
twilight_sprinkle: i found one dubstep song good and its of a ledgen of zelda game
Herrrooo everyone
6You just made me remember that I saw a dream.. o.o
13this is
Shizuka: feww
131999
Resonantwaves: Hi!
hello res
When Shizu gets mad the text changes from purple to fire
1332 channel XM
hello Resonantwaves
howdy :D
well time for me to hit the hay
TELL ME :D
night everypony
cya thelonepony
twilight_sprinkle: if you wnat good violine look up lindsy sterling
scottish-geeky: the only dubstep song i like dwas that kill everyone by skrillex
night thelonepony
nite Petrified_Discord
nite thelonepony
bye thelonepony
thelonepony: Night!
Night thelonepony
13Awesome - A New Generation
scottish-geeky: yfw when shes the one in the violin dubstep song
twilight_sprinkle: i know she in the dubstep but that her only one her othe stuff is buttiful
The first Lindsey Stirling song I saw was the shadow one. Fukken brilliant
scottish-geeky: mebbeh ill check her out some time, i was originally just looking for violin concertos before i bumped onto the whole violin dubstep pukefest :P
6Something random..I had gone to some concert with some friends and somehow,at some point,I quite easily managed to get quit close to the front..they had left a big opening as well..there was this girl who turned out to be retarded (some guy had made this sign and was showing it to the crowd with sort of apologetic face or something)..then she started singing.
o.o
hi
13i think you all might recognize this next, assuming i'm picking the right one
twilight_sprinkle: Look up her shadow song. It's my personal fave
O.O
twilight_sprinkle: thers only one part of it is dubstep the rest is viloine
Sounds like a Skype call
Petrified_Discord: mkay
13who else is already hearing COME ON AND SLAM
hahaha
Welcome to the Jam?
13trying to, heh, track down the youtube of that remix cause it's pretty good
What am I gonna do?
Track down the track?
13aha there it is
GabeMoist: The Jam is calling you on skype
6The floor was blue carpet or something..Anyway..when I got home,I think two little girls from Bleach were in my house and had pretty much wrecked the place..I actually knew them though.. o.o Then we turned on the PS2 and were about to play some sort of Pokemon game..Then,I think,someone came in through the open balcony..some kind of big black thing that coul
Oh snap
hahahahaha oh man
oh god lol
this is greay
Oh my gosh.
0,14YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
*great
Yessss
13i remember first hearing this mashup and going HEY, I HAVE THAT TRACKER
lol
Shizuka: the strem just stoped for me
refresh scottish-geeky
Dat Slamming and Jamming
oni_link: ok
O_o
Shizuka: it's been fun dear but I've gotta get some sleep. Thanks again for the neat music and funny damn videos.
I like the Guile Theme Slam mixup
a black thing that could...
Night everybody, take care!
otakon: take care
night otakon
Night otakon
0,14later otakon
G'night otakon
nite otakon
what had curesd my eares
otakon, good night
0,14also, Space Jam remixes are the best thing ever
otakon: Night!
btw, it's spyro's 14th birthday today :)
/me waves goodnight to chat
nite otakon
it burns
seriously?
night Otakon
I'm pretty sure, yeah.
night otakon
6d fly and had a human form..Then,I remember I was outside some weird guy's locker room that supposedly belonged to my school..I don't remember much there..my friend came at some point though..she had some type of miniscule knife or something and was asking me whether she should cut some vines that were hanging over the entrance to the locker room..
aw I shouldive talked to my friend today
about it
6That's about it.. xD
13Elwood - Homecoming, May 12 1998
1332 channel XM
Whoa
6His birthday was yesterday for me..along with my aunt's xD
haha cool dream
6xD Thx
0,14sounds like the intro for a game
I wonder if I have some of these songs on my first computer... the one that's dead now
13like so many trackers, dedicated to his girlfriend
it's also my moms birthday today :P
Those triplets kind of caught me off guard :S
im jelly
6Happy birthday ^^
/me sighs happily ^o^
she's probably sleeping rite now :P
13actually this is starting to remind me of mass effect
thats the kind of thing id do :P
13anyone else detecting a bit of mass effect
and yeah it has that whole astral aspect to it
I'm clueless as far as Mass Effect is concerned.
XD sorry
...oh there has been a stream this whole time :3
yep
...do what is this?
so*
13Awesome - "Dawn main theme", doesn't give a date
6http://www.pureanimegallery.com/d/1648-1/ryuk-airborne.jpg Btw,the flying thing,I guess kinda looked like this..but it wasn't hunched over like that and I didn't get to see the face either :P
6:P
6Brb
13file is timestamped july 21 1997
scary O_O
alright
Wow
thats what i look like when i wake up in the morning :P
Panda: ello matee
13oo i know which one i should play
6xDDD
this one is beautiful
13wait til the guitar kicks in
I should be asleep by now
13i love how great electric guitars turn out in trackers
ok this poems just depressing
6o.o
:o
0,14kinda reminding me of top gun...
"So let's drink to your fading health"
13just says it's the main theme of the music disk "Dawn"
twilight_sprinkle: so how are you
13and gives a geocities link
13how quaint :3
hehe
geocities....it really is ancient
...And eating food and taking naps
Shizuka: im take a gess and sya u like perual
scottish-geeky: sleepy, doing homework at 2 am <.<
And hoping that someday perhaps
Your life will hold some cheer
twilight_sprinkle: ill stop bothring you so you can fucos on it
not reading this anymore
6Well,that was pleasant.. o.o
scottish-geeky: nah its ok :P
twilight_sprinkle: lol
If he really wanted to focus, he wouldn't be here
brb
GabeMoist: good ponit
6http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m9whdfh7a21qb252fo2_1280.jpg *dances* I probably look like the guy on the left right now..
Haha at one point I was going to play TF2 but the stream today is just too good :3
OOOOOOOH EPILEPTIC GIF
13first bill nye
I'm playing PSO2, but on mute
13let's see what kind of nostalgia this one sets off
WHAT
22 channels, huh?
alright guys, im off to bed
cya
one of the instruments is using arps :3
back
...this sounds familiar...
13somewhere in here someone's going to get smacked in the side of the head with nostalgia
13as they realize where the tune is from
what genre of music would this be?
6Good timing..gtg as well.. xD
6Night!
NIGHT :D :D
oh my, the arps <3
aw night
I feel like I SHOULD know this...
night you two
yeah :(
this sounds familiar but i cant put my finger
13anyone have it yet? :3
peace :D
*on it
Shizuka, can I use one of my lifelines?
it's so amazing
Through the Nature, Shizuka?
6See ya ^^
It's CALLED Through the Nature, but I'm unsure of where it came from.
13it's a hint :3
13kind of
it sounds familiar, but I can't place it
The title is a hint?
im really trying to remember but im drawing blanks...
who's it by
I cannot read it
Alright guys, I need to sleep. Got classes in the morning. Good night!
Good night, AJIsAwesome
night AJIsAwesome
im a sad pony
scottish-geeky: why?
The world may never know where this tune is from
I give up :/
I know this show
Wow
OneTrickPony: im out of Dr. Peper :'(
/me hugs Polydunami|PS oni_link goodnight.
GODDAMMIT I KNOW THIS SHOW.
omg i LOVED THESES
i remember this intro lol
Vaguely familiar
scottish-geeky: you have a good reason then
Alright, Good night everyone!
....Eeep
Oh this
AHHH it sounded familiar
0,14this is familiar...
nite AJ
OneTrickPony: ..
Eyewitness.
Shizuka: we shold wache one of thoes
Sounds very 80s to me
13anyone play bejeweled 2? the entire set is tracker by the legendary Skaven
Alright. It's time for GabeMoist to go get some much needed sleep
Shizu likes Bejeweled? o3o
G'night erryone
13Skaven - Beyond the Network, 2004, 14 channel .it
night GabeMoist
Night GabeMoist!!
Good night, GabeMoist!
night GabeMoist
/me sucks at using arpeggios
13one of the few games my laptop could actually run well, good time killer :3
u guys wann here sumthin funny
Sure. If it's funny.
what is it scottish-geeky ?
You mean Bejeweled, Shizu? :o
13yup :3
13poor thing chugged under source so tf2 wasn't a good option
:O Oh mah gurd.
I lieks it too!
Polydunami|PS: oni_link somthing funny *troll face*
aw sorry to hear that Shizuka
scottish-geeky: i see what you did there
oni_link: lol
Dammit comcast http://www.speedtest.net/result/2172372345.png
13with intel integrated graphics and 2GB ram, you learn to lower your expectations when away from home base :3
they sure liked to put sudden bursts of loudness in classical music
but I didnt actually hear it, I read it *troll face* scottish-geeky
scottish-geeky O_o sorry for the late reply... but... HIYA!
Panda: it ok lol :)
/me hugs scottish-geeky
Well, we know where OneTrickPony lives now O_O
o hai Panda
how are you man?
OneTrickPony :D omg hiya
oni_link: .... cursis folied agen
You know what? It's good to get back to the basics of what music is all about. It's not about the lyrics, although lyrics are an important, yet optional component of a song. It's certainly not about the artist, and it's not about the debauchery that artists may be pressured into for one stupid reason or another.
/me silently sneaks up behind Panda and NOMZ
/me hugs Panda
13the theme is pretty much built from C-F-G arpeggios
O_______O
twilight_sprinkle SPRINKLE!
Panda: haaai :3
Polydunami|PS: uh oh O____O
It's about the form and the feeling that it invokes in the listener.
and OneTrickPony, if you can do two tricks, Ill give you something for free :3
It's okay, OneTrickPony; I live in Vancouver :)
Yeah.
Kandarihu: or thought and emotion
One trick...two tricks: Panda done!
nope
cant see it
/me attacks Panda and twilight_sprinkle with hugs
looks the same to me :3
/me slaps scottish-geeky around a bit with a large trout
whoops O_______o
Panda: see...1,2
Panda: no trout my one weeknees
btw scottish-geeky have you heard, today scottsman Andy Murray won the US Open, ending Britains 78 yr of grand slam champs
OneTrickPony looks the same to me >.>
OneTrickPony, how the heck did that happen? Lots of upload, but no download?
scottish-geeky: 78 yr drought*
Kandarihu: lol IDK it's comcast being weird
twilight_sprinkle STOP TORRENTING! You're LAGGING!
:3
=D
Panda: I can count to 2 therefore 2 tricks
Panda: shhhhh dont tell anybody D:
twilight_sprinkle: HUZA =D
13when i see a solid line of red notes in this player, i know awesome phrases are being built
scottish-geeky: yep, twas quite a victory!
13(black meaning the instrument plays from start, red meaning it switches notes without restarting the sample)
^^ I wont tell anyone twilight_sprinkle about your obsessive illegal downloading of free music :3
If you're on a residential line, that should be physically impossible.Coaxial cable was only meant to send large amounts of data one way, and not the other.
what is a good repository for these IT/MOD files?
13modarchive is still around i hope
13that's where i built up in high school
It is still around
13this is taken directly from the bejeweled 2 files
Panda: fine, ill come clean! heres all the stuff ive torrented! http://i.imgur.com/lyAKY.gif
/me yawns
LadyCanary! Hiya!
Goodnight everypony. Thank you for streaming Shiz. Love you guys.
0,14bed...so...cold ;____;
:(
0,14later LadyCanary
/me 13drapes a blanket over canary canary~<3
goodnight LadyCanary
but I just said hiya :(
night LadyCanary
twilight_sprinkle: I see you like lost :3
/me gives a blanket to Saxy and hugs him ^o^
night LadyCanary
Thankee Shizu Shizu
twilight_sprinkle: stop torrenting...only torent stuff you really want or need not movies
twilight_sprinkle D: thats a lot of G's
oni_link: and cars!
HOW IN THE HELL IS A CAR 635TB.
twilight_sprinkle: whoooooooo
Polydunami|PS: its a good car!
/me hugs LadyCanary
But... How?
^_^ Ni ni all!
She left too quickly.
Problem is, they're not doing their top 10 lists anymore.
Polydunami|PS: http://pinkie.ponychan.net/chan/files/src/134163799919.png
lol too late to say goodbye
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2468/
Polydunami|PS: you wouldnt download a car :D
gtg evry pony ill be back
later scottish-geeky
bai scottish-geeky
Polydunami|PS: why did I laugh so hard at that XD
latter oni_link and twilight_sprinkle
Polydunami|PS: ouch
nite lady and scottish-geeky
NocturnalBlade: ill be back
Polydunami|PS: its ok, i got unlimited download cap
OneTrickPony, who is your fav pony?
What kind of program is it to take up 635TB anyway?
Polydunami|PS: its not a program, its a real car!
Panda: idk applejack, rainbow dash, carrot top
OneTrickPony carrot top... hm...
What, does it magically vapourise in your living room when the download is complete?
Polydunami|PS: all you need is a converter and a matter transmogrifier, they sell those at every local walmart
lmao
And then you have to install it into your driveway afterward?
Panda: how bout you?
OneTrickPony lady Rarity of course.
Polydunami|PS: yeah
lol okay
but thats not what I was asking for XD
So 3D Printing a car?
this has so much atmosphere
Kandarihu: with a functioning engine and everything
13makes me sleepy near the middle but it's perfect for matching jewels :3
twilight_sprinkle.... nvm
Well, I'd be surprised if such a technology is invented while I'm still alive.
Panda: hm? did you ask me something?
nope
:#
Shizuka: i almost forgot that this was from bejeweled
:3
o u
Panda: lol wat
OneTrickPony XD what?
dat awkwardness
Panda: nvm
<_<
/me facepalms
Man, that would be an interesting thing to do. Not sure if all the models would REALLY amount to 635TB, though.
13part of the fun of trackers is working out which channels are doing what, especially when they switch midway
Yeah, that IS fun
Or panning :3
13then you get the oddballs where the lead's waaaaay off to the right and who knows where the percussion is coming from
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
>takes Chinese >ded
DAM IT TOM TELL ME
lol Tom
Tom what time is next airtime?
It's only a matter of time.
JRP well... the dvd is coming out in december... so.... at the very latest 13 weeks before then :3
13i love this
13a nine note chord there
Im so glad I stayed on the stream today, I didnt realize you were such a tracker enthusiast Shizuka :)
So how long is this song?
Shizuka, what cha streamin'?
13tracker music
13you're watching what's actually making the music
Actually, I remember seeing this on the stream before.
oh >.< im not watching the stream though.
A long while ago.
13i streamed some way back
Panda: he's hacking the FBI again
13feb 6
OneTrickPony D: who?
13he?
Yeah, I was a new pony back then.
lol I mean nvm
Ninjazz
Panda: Shizuka is
Theres a channel mimicing the NES Triangle channel :)
OneTrickPony Shizuka is a lady, and will be addressed as such.
Panda: I know I missed the S
13like here, the backup that just came in is way on the left
OneTrickPony ok TwoTrickPony :3
Xd
13i think i have one that's 64 channels
64??
13pretty sure
hey guys
1348 or 64, it's massive
Also, hello, Bronystate.
64!?
13big drum mix
hiya Ninjazz
WOW
i struggle to use 6 let alone 64 D:
13one i have manages to fill up probably 12 channels for its finale
13everything moves at once, it's awesome
How long is this?
At once?
wow
13i'll skip to the end of this and pull those up
i was really enjoying this
Aw
13here we go
13this is the last bit and it's awesome
is anyone going to EFNW next year?
You didn't have to
13i know but the next set from there was even sleepier
chat is ded
13oh this is 28 channels
13look at this build up
0,14well, I'm off to bed
Good night, Saxy
0,14good night everyone and enjoy the stream!
night Cipher
no noise or drums necessary :o
Gnight, Saxy. Sleep well.
later Cipher
13here it comes
13just look at that
wow
:O
Awesome
Holy meatballs :O
Shizuka: when did you become a mod?
and its very well balanced
13mid january
I remember the half-mod era.
I need something to calm me down.
oh okay
13that piano oscillating in the center
wow
this is epic
13i air piano to this every time
the samples are so good!
Dammit, I was just airing that :D
who is this one by shizu?
What are we watchin'?
This is a tracker.
IFDreebs: we are watching music played through a tracker
13Bazaar - Evolvementation, 2004
13"It took me about four years to write this one. Very on and off."
1328 channel it
i need to have a txt file on the side for all this good stuff
4 years D:
13here's the 64 channel one
that was amazing
That was a lot of fs there at the beginning.
13keep in mind i still can't see all the channels
That Music
11,02Dat 64 ping
o hai SuperBrony64
13this one's pretty epic in audiosurf
11,02Hai ^-^
13eventually there's a lead way off to the right i think
Shizuka I personally like country and folk songs on Audio I dont know if you would like it though
13i can't imagine stream is doing this much justice, i can't even see half the notes they're flying by so fast
13Ceekayed - Ayulan, June 14 2006
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
1364 channel .it
SuperBrony64 ping!
Hello everyone
Ohey, Resonantwaves. Long time no see.
hiya Resonantwaves
ninjazzzzzz!!!!
hi onetrickpony :D
dem z's
its beeeeeen years ninjazz :P
O_O
Hey there, Resonantwaves
howdy :D
Resonantwaves, months at best. :D
XD
this is amazing
13http://i.imgur.com/ETgqc.png that's how wide i have to make it to see all the channels
hows making this epic moooosic
This stuff can be used to make really great music :o
13eight note chords used there
13i have no idea what's happening in the big block in the center here
Shizuka: it looks like alot of volume manipulation to try to mimic echo
13six channel playing the lead here
Shizuka O_o you have a wide.... screen.
13this part is great cause it gets faster and faster
That's what she said....Ooooooh! :D
how long did this take to make?
13doesn't say
MASF123|: >.(\
13if evolvementation took that one guy four years :3
13and this is more than twice the number of channels running
it's insanely complex
Thats scary to thing about
*think
Shizuka, why you so scary with knowlege? O-o
13wish i knew where blink ran off to
If I ever got any good I would use this stuff for Drum and Bass :3
13this is my other tribes theme, this is good for storming an enemy base :3
oni_link: I agree
oni_link (\
Shizuka: its so full of energy :)
I'm enjoying this composition, so far.
13ikr
Evening BronyState :P
13it's like LET ME IN THERE
MASF123|: /)
hi AdamTheDuck
good evening AdamTheDuck
Hello, AdamTheDuck!
OneTrickPony: the samples and the bass are amazing
AdamTheDuck.... you are a pigeon.
Quack :P
13Elwood - Experience, August 7 1998, 26 channel xm
hehe Im in your base killin your doods
oni_link: yea, but it looks so hard to compose in, I use a much more modern software
From the kitchen and you ain't kidding, although nothing is written. Panda
13Zanoma - World of Peace, October 10 2001, 25 channel it
MASF123| what
You heard me
13dat trance synth amirite
Well Im used to trackers so it wouldnt be as hard as learning a new program from scratch
MASF123| as a lyricist... I can safely say that Zecora would be shaking her head at you.
totally Shizu
oh
O_o
What is this that im seen?
Moopy: This is music being played through a tracker
Moopy: moozikz
im off night everypony :$ and thx fir stream Shizuka
oh
Panda I didn't make it up.
MASF123| I know, but who ever did, they should be ashamed of themselves D:
How do you make a music track like this?
You could burn in Tartoros for saying that, Panda.
is it bad a got a Vinyl Scratch desktop pony going while the music is playing lol
*i
Ohai
MASF123|... you know im kdding right?
How is that a bad thing?
no I didn't
Ohello, Unnr.
Moopy: you put in notes one by one, it takes a while :P
<3 Black Books
I HAVE RETURNED
:D
MASF123| :( but I'm kidding
hmmmmmm
wb scottish-geeky
ScootaChicken you are now Photo-Finish.
>_> Panda sure you are
scottish-geeky^ whoops
Hello scottish-geeky :P
OneTrickPony: thanks
Panda: dash u r croect
MASF123|... >.> I am... Im just pulling your... leg....
/me sees today's drawfriend...died from it being so good
AdamTheDuck: ello mate
This would make a great Initial D song :3
/me hands scottish-geeky a scotch egg
OneTrickPony where? show me
Unnr: yum
Panda: http://www.equestriadaily.com/2012/09/drawfriend-stuff-561.html
13i forget which one of these has what i'm looking for...
OneTrickPony: pinkie looks like a yoshi :3
oni_link: lol
13where are you...
twilight_sprinkle: i haf returedn
13bear with me
hehehe
13there it is :3
13the super duper combo bonus
13so awesome when you hit it
yay
realy
that was awesome!
13good god
13this guy has more patience than i ever did
explosions everywhere!
13i only ever popped three fruits at once
13never got this huge a combo
tis madness
im going to go to sleep now see ya guys later ^_^
fruit dance? o.o
night OneTrickPony
nite OneTrickPony
Goodnight OneTrickPony
I know for a fact hes using cheat hack to get aloy of points
13nah just a metric ton of patience
13it's a miracle he wasn't forced to pop the fruits earlier, the rng gets sadistic if you try to stockpile special gems
well to me it is
DeathStar: (\
OneTrickPony I love you... you have inspired me D:
ScootaChicken: /)
DeathStar: tab fial lolz
Cya, OTP. Take care.
13i used to be pretty good at the blitz mode
Once again ScootaChicken has stolen a ping.
ScootaChicken: oh well got brohoofed
13twist never puts you into a position where there isn't at least one move available
13so many speed combos i could do
scottish-geeky: /)
AND TWICE HE GETS PINGED.
THRICE*
DeathStar: thaer we go lol =3
brb i have to go check on somethong
i mean thing
scottish-geeky and ScootaChicken should switch names XD
lol some thong
Moopy okies
Panda: lol maby
yeah my baf
i mean my bad dag nab it
DeathStar: hay u like my second OC
Moopy O_o are you 90?
scottish-geeky you have an Oc?
Nope.avi
^
scottish-geeky: yeah ^_^
its an engie thing :P
Panda: ya his name is geeky
13~~~ONE MINUTE REMAINING~~~ oh god oh god i need combos come on RNG stop messing me up
DeathStar: its supst to be geekys sister
scottish-geeky: ah i see :)
Just because i was saying that to act like Applejack come on now
DeathStar: her name is stab happy
133... 2... 1.... HA I CHEATED YOU OUT OF A COMBO you do not beat your high score
scottish-geeky: nice
well jeez, its late. I have to go to sleep. Thanks for the stupendous stream Shizuka :3 goodnight everyone!
nite oni_link
DeathStar: lol eyup
searusly brb
Goodnight oni_link
13nacht oni_link
13thanks for geeking out with us :3
All the geeking!~
no problem at all :) bye now!
Nacht... Is that German?
/me rolls on the floor
/me rolls on the floor with Resonantwaves
/me licks Resonantwaves
oh yeah scottish-geeky I remember now D:
Panda: lol
/me is trying to place the music, and failing
Sounds. So. Familiar.
13bejeweled twist, blitz mode
Ooooh
:D
13that ending breakdown is so satisfying to break through
Apparently Tee Fury today has a "Vote Brony" shirt
O_o
Que?
AdamTheDuck: how are ya mate
scottish-geeky, just tired from street self defense :/
Crap this body of mine...it sucks. :/
or mixed martial arts really
13admit it, you're all bobbing along
scottish-geeky: And then the rainbows came and broke a lager bottle over your head. Evil metal rainbows.
AdamTheDuck: :O
ok well my eyelids are gettin heavy so i'm gonna hit the hay
/me is bobbing
Shizuka: guilty
Night NocturnalBlade
Unnr: \m/
/me is bobbing for apples
nite PillowPoni|Phone
/me would be bobbing along if his damn connection would let him.
Buy some apples
Gnight, NocturnalBlade. Sleep well.
AdamTheDuck: are you ok man
thank you Shizuka for the awesome music and stream
MOOOOOSIC
scottish-geeky, oh yea I'm fine. :D Just tired is all.
I always tired.
AdamTheDuck: Then go to sleep?
I'm
Unnr, but it's only 1706 :<
bedddddddddddddd
Screw sleep
Ooooh, yeah that would be bad.
AdamTheDuck: tell me afte you foght your attker in MORTAL KMOBAT did you FINSHIN HIM
I'm too tired to be bobbing along with anything right now
AdamTheDuck: Aussie?
Unnr, eeyup :P
13dat ending :3
Oooooh, that makes sense then... >_>
scottish-geeky, haha I was attacked by someone, just taking lessons for it :P
AdamTheDuck: so no spine removal
scottish-geeky, did load sof wutai and ended up doing some kick boxing at the end :3
scottish-geeky: that's only if you are taking Krav Maga classes
AdamTheDuck: lol u sir re a bad ass
Unnr: ok
Simpsons!
Anykey :<
I'll just take a tab
dont worry be happy
this killed that song
don't worry mon
Unnr: -_-
:D
XD
All them d'ohs
da fu
Hmm....
my little nyan-poni
And then awesome song
Back to the MP3s
Shizuka, you've hit me right in the nostalgia
Thanks for all the Trackers
13ofc
Technologic pony?
O_o
<_<
Actually, it would be amazing to see daft punk ponied
hass enny pony herd of hell girl
i kelld the chat
STOP MURDER!
MURDER!
scottish-geeky: Jigoku Shjo : the girl from hell?
Well, I'm almost ded.
Good night, everypony.
nite Polydunami
nit Polydunami
i keep hearing that someone is having secks in those lyrics,am i hearing it right?
bye Polydunami
Unnr: the show hell girl
I'll come back to life, tomorrow.
Scratch that comma
Afraid so.
i see
Thanks for awesome music, Shizu
scottish-geeky: anime, make a deal and send someone to hell?
thats pretty cool visualizer
Unnr: yes
13fmle you are lame and should feel lame
I'm out of here.
I had watched a few episodes back in the day, but it got really boring
Generally, thanks for the stream Shizuka. That was about 96% awesome
if enny pony wahan talk to me ping me
Nice run of music Shizuka, plus all the piano stuff from earlier
Yay outro video of awesomesauce
Thanks for the music Shizuka
*sigh* One of these days Makkon will release a new track
Thanks for the music Shizuka~
thanks for strem Shizuka
Thanks for the stream, Shizu.
/me 13stretches ><
Great. Popped my back after I read that.
Shizuka: u know who strems next
13whoever is still awake
ah
00,02ohai Shizuka\
13ohai
13stream's free
YEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAHHHHH!
00,10evening all
hey, Sumi.
Hey sumica sup dude
Fight Phase for streaming rights!
evening Sumica
To the death!
o.o
13hai sumica
ello Phase4 and Sumica
13did you miss it all? :<
Ninjazz, but wouldn't that get the stream all messy?
Hello Sumica
Unnr, atleast we'll be entertained. :3
00,02what to do
00,02stream or no stream
00,02theres stuff i want to do that would make for a boring stream
Ninjazz: No bloodsports in #bronystate, it might get icky
that is the qusiton
00,02unless you guys WANT to see me struggle with php
00,02its boring and i get distracted
Phase4: maby
13then we get to hear phase's taste in music :3
Watching Phase4 code is the best entertainment
:P
Unnr, then with pool noodles until someone gets knocked out!
00,02Shizuka, my taste in music is as varied, if not more, than yours
00,02also all in flac because i hear mp3 artifacts
00,02the folders getting big
Phase4: u wach anema
Hey i have a mp3 player
00,02anime? not usualy
Phase4: you shold check out this anime hell girl
Phase4, you still do occasionally play Mann Up mode right?
00,02AdamTheDuck, when we can organize enough people
00,02Shizuka, you still there?
13zzzzzz
I might go buy a ticket then with my spare dosh
00,10well if you dont want to stream Phase4, I can put somthing on so you can work
00,02ah, its getting late there isnt it
132.30
00,02so late its early
Needs more 4:00am in the morning.
00,02Sumica, up for mann up?
00,02i've been distracted from my php already
Heh im staying up late every night over here untill 5 or 6 ha ha
00,10ehhhh I suppose so, so long as i get the pick the map
00,02sure
00,02you stream or i?
00,10better if you do it.
/me dances
00,10my tf2 is kinda wonky in windowed
/me dances with Resonantwaves :$
:}
How many times you've beated Mann Up so far?
00,10So Shizuka, you know that quest in deus ex where you have the option of throwing the guy off the roof or planting drugs on him
13oh yeah you can plant drugs on him X3
00,10is it bad I just tossed him straight up in the air to kill him?
13X3
00,10did't even toss him off the roof
00,02phasepony wont stay still
13and it still counte?
00,10yep, he just has to fall to death
Yay stream
Hey there Phase4
Sumica: u streming
00,10nope i use the pinkie one
00,02also, anyone want to see steams 'big picture mode'?
00,02when it eventually launches anyway
00,02...
Big picture mode?
Phase4: the start of the sung cared me a scwerd up my drwaing
00,02XD
00,02scottish-geeky-drwa, Misson complete
00,02mission'
00,02how you spell
It is out? o.O
Phase4: oh noes
00,02Jmo, no, its in the beta
Dang phase4 you sure do have alot of stuff you have there
Still counts as being out >.>
I really gotta sleep
00,02need to fix problem
00,10ready when you are Phase4
00,02steams gona steam
Phase4: Nice KSP wallpaper
00,02screw big picture mode, tf2 time
00,02'preorder train simulater 2013'
do it
I really wanna see this preview of Big Picture.
you won't
you've changed
the old Phase4 would
Dat inside joke.
00,02XD
loljk
00,02old phase4 didnt have paypal
13wonder if we'll get upgraded to 2013 for free like we did 2012
00,02why i have two phaseponies
But you are old Phase4. Because you're older than me ;_;
00,10cause it's selfcest time Phase4?
In B4 Phase4 tells you to get off his lawn
00,02Shizuka, you have train simulator?
whos streaming O.O
Phase4: Play some serf and i'll join you :o
Resonantwaves, Phase is.
00,02XAX, was gona mann up
If you want to, that is
Oh, I see.
Have fun then. I has no tickets.
ill play TF2 with you! o3o XD D:!
Phase4, I'd join but homework. :<
Oooh the winterglade pic.
00,02Sumica, invite me?
dis music
Yay music
00,02so we need more players
Steam: Resonantwaves
00,02anyone here got mann up tickets?
ill join~
oh
no tickets
xD
00,02hmmm
feel free to add me tho o3o
XD
00,02Resonantwaves, prety sure i have you on steam
XP
00,10guess it's just us then, shame
Teally dis music.........really
00,02as i said, huge music folder
00,02this ones probably part of an album with a song i want
00,02or part of a collection my uncle wanted on his ipod
00,02havent bothered to delete
Oh the weird al albums
Candy gurrrrrrrl
~
wait, this is beatles, but... it doesnt sond like them
00,02i dont think this is beatles
+phase4 : i dont think you did D:
ah, remix
its weird al dude
its beatles
a remix of them
their original song didnt have such an obvious beat
its definitely beatles tho
00,02lotsa music i dont really feel like listening to
Phase4: hows about two steps from hell?
and thats also beatles
Heh nope.avi and i will be right back going to go take a shower
00,02twilight_sprinkle, dont have anything downloaded
aw
Discovery?
00,02the phaseponies look suspicious of each other
id be suspicious if i saw a clone of me as well
00,02when they're not launching rockets anyway
/me listens as the wind blows through the empty chat
/me rolls around like a tumbleweed
XD
/me joins and rolls around as well
/me watches the rolling ponies and contemplates
Ooh Phase4, you have music from any Aussie bands? :P
What is the sound of one pony rolling?
ebrbrrbrbrb?
00,02AdamTheDuck, like this one :P
00,02not much else tbh
:<
00,02nope
Tonight Alive?
00,02i think i've got bonny m somewhere
y u no use youtube for musics
and no one joins the Mann Up party... :P
brb
bak
scottish-geeky-drwa: oh man you missed it
twilight_sprinkle: oh darn
twilight_sprinkle: you wold oh got me but im not waching strem
scottish-geeky-drwa: then you definitely missed it:P
twilight_sprinkle: lols
Land down under~ :$
hai everyone
Hello OneTrickPony
Hello again, OneTrickPony.
lol I only slept for 2 hours
night evry guys
OneTrickPony: i slept 1 hour today
Night scot- why does everyone leave before I can bid them goodnight? :<
OneTrickPony: and ive been up for 21 hours
twilight_sprinkle: I have so much energy!>_>
OneTrickPony: me too. for some reason i havent felt tired all day :P
night everyone add me on Steam! o3o Resonantwaves
Cya, Resonantwaves. Take care.
night Resonantwaves
Goodnight Resonantwaves ;)
O3O
bye Resonantwaves
byeee night :)
ded :<
Ohey, twilight_sprinkle.
13youtube is terrible for music
Still some good stuff on there.
Ninjazz, I think Shizuka is talking about sound quality
AdamTheDuck, oh. If so, that's definately true. There's no equalizer control.
That and it's all compressed :/
Definately.
13http://i.imgur.com/YdmaP.jpg ah sure enough
00,02XD
Lol.
Shizuka: its a good enough option for music without having to make an account anywhere else
and hai Ninjazz
oh and also bai Ninjazz :P
sleepietiemz
Mmmmmm? Ah.
Gnight, twilight_sprinkle. Sleep well. :3
:)
Goodnight twilight_sprinkle
Such peaceful music for a game like TF2 :D
lol
Hey guys
Hello wowviewer
hey guys
Hey alexxm
Hello alexxm
I'mma take a shower~ brb :P
how are things wowviewer and AdamTheDuck
Not too bad. Just relaxing a bit before heading to bed
so will the season 1 dvd get a region 2 relase
I'm not entirely sure
11,02Moo o.o
Im back and whew that shower felt pretty good guys holy moly
Phase4 whats with the buffering?
/me comes back to stream, hears Zelda Orchestrated... fuck yeah
00,02what to buy
00,02Moopy, no clue
hmmm
oh god new all levels at once song is amazing
00,02Sumica, http://wiki.teamfortress.com/wiki/Disk_Deletion_%28mission%29
00,10um, ok
13oh no wonder that was such a pain
13the giant flare pyro is using the broken expert AI
how are things Moppy
o hai alexxm
Its moopy dude
sorry Moopy
its good
hey OneTrickPony how've you been
great, how bout you?
/me curls up next to Shizuka
13rain rain~<3
But yeah everything is fine just sitting here watching the stream and chatin thats all
Shizu~ <3
i'm goos OneTrickPony
Man i wish valve would have this for the orange box for the xbox that would be pretty cool
Moopy: well valve is making steam for the TVwhich is compatible with the xbox
00,10got to love when you have a pyro that wont close in
Well im kind of upset about that
why?
Cause of what he said
oh
yeah
Cause im getting sickin and tired of playing the old map games seausly though i mean like really come on man
yea
blame microsoft for not having DLC for the orange box
00,02microsoft doesnt want free dlc
00,02its bizare
Well i could blame them for a little bit but not to much
00,02they are actively blocking valve
Free and DLC in the same sentence for Microsoft is blasphemy
Hey did you guys already herd the my little pony map packs for the other DLC's?
was the new season for FiM anounced when it will air yet?
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
Enope
i don't think it's been annouced yet
lol
okay
Man time goes really fast
mornin' everypony
Mornin' SirGanjalf
Ello, SirGanjalf.
morning
Morning dude
morning SirGanjalf
and hello to you too Cida
Hello, Cida.
what time is for all of you?
1845
6:45pm.
its like 4:44 over here
You're Australian Ninjazz?
dat soundtrack
1:45
lol California
AdamTheDuck, just above it. I live in the same timezone.
Ah right
Im still staying up late
wow its 3:45 am here
Saipan, CNMI if you're curious.
9:46 here
Urgh
alexxm: are you in england?
Dat wrek3.
^
Ohai wrek3 :P
yep OneTrickPony
Principles office yay
Somepony is in twouble?
Well im going to look at something on google and listen to something on youtube so if you guys need me just ping me or something ok
Naughty wrek3 :P
oh wrek3
man I have a craving for tacos...so whos streaming?
Cida, Phase is.
phase4 is
/me suddenhugs Spectrum_Rush. "Ohai." :3
13zzzzz
Night, Shizu.
Goodnight Shizuschlafen
night Shizuschlafen
aww Ninjazz ya didnt noticed i was here the whole time
Spectrum_Rush, I was preoccupied. :<
/me kidnaps Spectrum_Rush
/me is not gonna play along cause hes a grump
:P
Dat Spectrum_Grump. :o
ok then Spectrum_Rush
3 days no sleep...so when would one start halucinating from lack of sleep?
dern kids
Lol. dat Spectrum_Grump.
why in my day
inb4 GEET OFF MAH LAWN.
we kidnap folks 10 miles away
uphill
both ways
in the snow
Time to feast on souls.
with a buffer
Sounds like... fun.
Lot'sa fun.
/me kidnaps Ninjazz "it is"
Ninjazz: LAWN MAH OFF GEET
/me is carried up hill, both ways, through the snow with a buffer.
/me plays in Spectrum_Grump's lawn. "But I'ma free spirit!"
/me pulls out the 12 gauge
come again sonny
/me burrows into the carrot garden. OwO
Oh well, lunchtme. See ya in a few hours
bye wrek3
Cya, wrek3. Hope that business is all taken care of.
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Nightly Roundup #435
Dat regular Rush.
c:
/me picks up Ninjazz
Wiggle?
/me rubs Ninjazz's belly
Raised eyebrow.
whats with that look Ninjazz
Whats up, guys?
Hey, Brony123.
how are you Brony123
Anyone remember me? Havent been on here in a while.
alexxm, oh nothing. Just natural I get my middle abdominal region rubbed.
Im good, alexxm.
Brony123, your name looks familier, atleast.
Haha, I was here a month or 2 back. Great to be here again!
Wb.
Brony123: wb
Bai, bai.
see ya Ninjazz
I'm not leaving yet. Just commenting on how he got back then left real quick.
oh :P
Chat so ded :<
idk XD
ikr*
:P
And the cycle of life continues.
and so its 9/11
...
I still believe it was a trajedy and will treat it as such.
I got banned for typing in something about 9/11
really? what did you say?
so I will not talk about this date in time
uh...it was an emoticon
oh i see
Wb.
00,02FFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
so were you taking the piss
dat Phase4
00,02UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Phase4, :P
PhaseRAGE.
Inb4 PHASE SMASH.
00,02Sumica, try invite me?
lol
Time to watch Phase4 flip his table
00,02wont let me
00,02:(
00,10yeah it wont let adhoc
00,02well that was a waste of time
00,02stupid internet
Phase4, do you get your ticket back?
/me pats Phase4's back.
00,02AdamTheDuck, its not consumed if you dont win
Ah I see.
00,02short answer: yes
Good Guy Valve there
00,02thats put me off tf2 for the night
still waiting on half life 3
is that ever going to happen
Oooh preview :3
I don't know haven't heard any news
00,02this working on the stream?
yup
Phase4, eeyup
Whats this freaky VoodDoo Interface Im watching?
00,02i'm bored
XylemTube, in a nutshell: Steam for TV
thats pretty sweet
It looks Nice :)
oh yeah i heard about this on Inside Gaming today
buffering...
so much buffering
Everyday it's buffeing~
00,02stupid broken
:(
dumb fabric :S
00,02now thats sorted
00,02'hydrophobia: prophecy' is suposed to be crap so i'ma try it
00,02crap, fullscreen
00,02where did everyone go
/me is ded
another game that has to do with water...here
00,02and then the game crashed
00,02so yeah
00,02that game sucks
1/10. It had potential to be worse.
00,02oh wow
/me revives AdamTheDuck and kidnaps him
00,02this game has problems
/me licks alexxm as he is being kidnapped. :P
Wait... Do ducks even have tongues? 6_9
Yes.
I only just realised this now :D
Oh they do?
Cool
ah i remember playing this game...made me go back to bioshock
00,02still not working it seems
00,02i got this game for $1 so not much of a loss
Cida how bad is it
/me pets AdamTheDuck
Phase4, Bastion tiem? :P
/me continues to lick alexxm
00,02better idea
00,02i'ma go get dinner
well its really repetative and tries to really be a survival game
see you in a bit Phase4 :P
Well im off to bed everypony i will talk to you guys in the moring ok so a peace out yall
Goodnight Moopy
aight later
bye Moopy
11,02Let me know what you ponies think /).(\ http://i.imgur.com/kjGZi.jpg
6_9 What is it?
looks like slender with a mask
11,02It's supposed to be the final boss from Find Mii O.O
oh yea...still can't beat him
Find Mii? Well I never owned a Wii before...
11,02It's on the 3DS
I only have the old school DS :P
11,02Moo :3
Moooooooo
sold it the 2nd day i had it
11,02Aww :<
whats find mii about again
saving your mii
ah ok
a shadow takes it you journey with kittens and puppies and other miis you pass
00,10so much fail right at the end
and so cida dies
00,02mmmm
00,02food
00,02Sumica, did you manage to win?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gVok-7tDFF8&feature=related
00,10nope
00,10failed like 4 times to the last tank and pair of uber bots
00,02yeah, the tanks become a little unfair
00,02two maxed sentrys and it was still taking the entire track to kill it
11,02Moo? o.o
Heavy's Vanilla fists, fully up'd hit speed, critical canteen.
I am so freaking angry as of current.
That should kill em quick.
00,02Ninjazz, Pan > Fists
No taunt. :<
So no stream or just me?
00,02taunt works on tanks?
00,02TheRandomkid321, no stream right now
Well, no. >.>
11,02Vanilla Lake is an awesome Super Mario Kart course ^-^
But I can't go on living without hearing "POW! haha." every 10 seconds. D:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kDDgCYivJiI man epic mv
Phase4, so much want.
So is everyone just talking about TF2? Honestly I ahve never plays MVM because it takes ages to find a seerver.
So much lols.
Also, having no taunt might be a good thing because I tend to press G when reaching for H sometimes.
bye guys
So, Pan > Fists might be fact.
Cya, alexxm. Take care.
Testing testing, 1 2 3. Hello Bronystate!
00,10that pyro was so usless
00,02ikr
Hey, MadSurge.
00,02stream or work on stuff
Stream yourself working on stuff!
Killing two birds with one stone :3
05so yeah
05my day jsut got tremendously better
:O
Sohey, Wrek.
Oh man Wrek in a good mood :D
05i got home and made me 2 grilled haloumi sandwiches
You and your good foods.
do want
Let us remember this day as the day Wrek isn't hating the world as much anymore :P
Hi everypony, how are we all this glorious day/night?
/me slaps AdamTheDuck around a bit with a large trout
/me licks Jmo
:P
Hello Rommulus
You and licking...I swear
So can anyone see what I'm writing?
MadSurge, eeyup
Nop
11,02Night all -.-
Night SuperBrony64
Goodnight SuperBrony64
/me gives SuperBrony64 another goodnight lick
night SuperBrony64|Zzz
Oh good. And night SuperBrony64|Zzz!
/me licks AdamTheDuck back -u-
Jmo, you and your endless supply of large trout... I swear.
05yay planetside 2 beta :D
BOLLOCKS TO YOU~
Planetside 2 beta? STREAM IT Wrek! :<
05i plan on it :D
NAO
So how's it going y'all? :)
Bored and getting distracted from doing my boring assignment MadSurge...
AdamTheDuck: ugh, assignments
05downloading the isntaller now
We need to stream some new Rhythm is Magic videos that came out recently :D
Well since stream is down... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A2yt1ooLQGo
Here's some elevator music
ello.
05startign stream in a minute!
hooray
*yay*
Wrek i love how it says "free to play" then just below... "Join the alpha squad, PAY UP LOTS OF MONEY!"
We need more jamming of NPCs with plants
And we have a stream! Yaaaay~
Yeeeahhhhhh, stream the installation! :D
wait... i thought thatw asnt our yet?
*out
Dark_Horst, beat
beta*
ah
05i got in the beta Dark_Horst
that'S gonna be interesting
05enjoy the electroswing music in the mean time ^_^
05as you can see
05its not taking all that long
One of my favourite songs from goldfish
Yay music while I do my work
hopefully I won't get too distracted from work when Wrek starts playing :D
Sum Caravan Palace?
Where have I heard this song before... Probably a past stream of Wrek's.
Yep
I dunno, I may have heard this somewhere outside of streams...
05i looove fast internet
05or this would take ages
/me takes a long hard look at his 1 mb/s internet speeds...
I know the feel
05the bass is so loud my legs are vibrating
Dat vocal, so gorgeous. :$
Wrek you should get that checked out
05man
05that was a quick isntall
05doncha think AdamTheDuck?
and thus Wreky makes the whole world jelly of his fast internet and processor speed.
and his planetside 2
its only 40 bucks >.>
so...
still expensive for a broke bastard XD
meh
i could get it... but food is alittle more important XD
05THERE WE GO
Ahhh screw my homework :$
05atleast its installed
05lets see
05oh bugger
05the beta servers are currently down
:<
NUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
dat heartbreak XD
back to homework I go then :<
05hehe
05guess ill do this instead
drawing anything new lately wreck?
Moooooooooooornin' to you as well Wrek :P
what is the server?
00,02Wrek, on the ponyfortress servers?
alright imma go to sleep
Goodnight OneTrickPony
00,02rarity on low player count is unfair
Gnight, OneTrickPony. Sleep well.
00,021 v rarity
Phase4 What's going on right now?
00,02DashWithRainbows, Wrek is playing tf2
Isn't 1 vs anypony pretty imba already?
Phase4, Rarity needs sophisticated people to play her
00,10dat odvious dead rinnger
^
Ah, PF2 server? Seeing that you mentioned Rarity.
00,02wonder if i should join and go blue
00,02would instantly make me another rarity
Rarity is annoying as hell though
especially with facestabs
00,02loldeadringer
Fluttershy needs to be nerfed a tad, mostly her ultimate.
Wait, how many players on the server?
there must be around 5 to have that kind of health limt on hero
hi again. no planetside?
00,02DashWithRainbows, y u no on red with us
Yello, Dark_Horst.
Phase4 I always click random
and besides, it wouldn't let me go red since there were less blu players
How do I find the server?
suddenly rainbows
00,0274.91.112.237:27016
Dadadadadadada KA-boom! KA-boom!
SO MANY PONIES
WHOO! * explodes *
HELLO. How are you?
uhm.alive?
Hai Bronystate
Hello CrimsonPhoenix
....curses look at the time, Bye Bronystate
:'( no Planetside for today...
Oh well it was best for my education :D
I want to ask, is Starcraft II worth it's money?
i'd say so
well, I'm gonna play some Starcraft I then
Woah this is scary quiet here
Boo.
Hiya Ninjazz
Hey, KP7733.
Or killerpony7733 if you want the ping.
Haha
:>
interesting mod you got there. whats it called?
KINDA
whoops. capslock
Lunch and Zombies vs Plants <3
Hey Ninjazz, how's it going?
Hey, MadSurge. Going pretty good. Might do my homework and head off to bed.
00,02wudis?
Ninjazz: what's the time there?
MadSurge, 9:29pm.
MORE STARCRAFT
Phase4, Wrek maybe.
:D The alien was making faces at the camera :D
Which side is Wrek using?
Silly aliens.
The fembot bothers me :|
Additional supply depots required~
terran
Build more pylons :|
Spawn more overlords o.o
SuperBrony64|Zzz: wait for meeeeeeeeeeeee
AdamTheDuck: also we require more vespene gas
Wow chat surely died since the last time I wrote random stuff
o.o
Well back to being busy again :P
Which Starcraft?
II
Thank you
Oh, and what's the song?
The song before Spiderman.mp4
Why cant school start at night over here...
Because school does its best to not make your life awesome and fun.
^
School is soo boring
you what's more boring? hearing the same lessons over and over again
I have to do that every year
I would rather jump off my school.
Aww slow day on Bronystate
hi MadSurge
thelonepony: I was here all along, oooOOOooo
So, does this mean P2 will be P2P?
sorry i just came in here like 40 minutes ago
:O A movie?
05this will be oru little secret
05enjoy while i rest my head
05got a nsaty headache
Wrek: Awww :(
Hope you get better Wrek.
/me gives Wrek a hug
Hope you'll feel better, Wrek. Take care.
get well soon Wrek
/me and another lick while I'm at it :P
AWWW YEAAAAHHHH QUEEN!
AdamTheDuck: how does Wrek taste?
MadSurge, he's in a good mood so he doesn't taste like gravy anymore...
Some splice between a rainbow and celery stalks
If one were to ask for this movie in BMN, would it be an A movie or a B movie?
05oh right
Dat trumpet, seems legit :D
05http://notharam.files.wordpress.com/2012/09/wpid-1347355341641.jpg?w=640
05todays weatehr
ouch
:/
Ahh this excellent movie
i should go now bye everypony
bye thelonepony
School is a bitch in the mornings
good morning
mroning meh
Wrek: wow, that awful huh?
Mornin' meh
whats this?
meh: A Knight's Destiny, I think...?
slow day today eh?
Eeyup
ok i thought it was just my chat
So how's it going?
not bad
got school at night but my dad keeps waking me up in the morning
:O night school?
yep
i'd always fall asleep in normal classes im a terrible morning person
lots of pain indeed
:D I'm very slow in the morning too
I'm just very automated and my body moves on its own while my brain is still trying to stay awake :D
i just knock out everywhere i could even fall asleep standing against a wall
meh: :D
Light always wakes me up,so O
*I can't fall asleep that easily
well i need to go food shopping see yall later
Later meh! :)
:)
nicely done
Good morning bronystate
Hi Moopy
hi
the chat seems really quite
yea, i think everyone is enthralled by the movie XD
Well I'm going to sleep a bit early, so tired today... Night everyone :P
oh ok so there just watching
/me gives chat one big lick
good night AdamTheDuck
Hey can you turn the volume up please thank you
hi
so what movie is this?
What are we watching?
heey, I've seen this.. but where
Hello Vivix! :)
Hiya MadSurge
I'm not getting any sound from stream hm-
oh wait, yes I am. Just really low
Vivix: the sound is really really low
maybe you need to refresh
yeah it was just really low
I'm going crazy trying to remember this movie..
around 11 over here im going to go watch MLP on tv and then eat breakfast
Night everyone who's here.
Night Kiwi
:> You lurker, Jmo
Ohai XAX!
Moopy: tell us if you spot any possible new ads :D
:>
I was just leaving ;_; Bye MadSurge
what do you mean by that?
Bye XAX :(
Moopy: if there's anything abour the new episodes :D
Umm well i can't really tell dude
Good morning Bronystate. What is this we're watching? O_o
good morning to you
Hey Gold_Demona! :)
A Knight's Destiny methinks
A Knight's Tale?
Pearly has returned
Hiyo Pearly
hey Gold_Demona *hugs*
Is it just me or is the sound very very quiet and slightly off synch
I'll bet that place has a good looking kings throne chair
Hai Gold_Demona
Gold_Demona: nope
aww figures
Nope it's just me or nope it's quiet and off sync?
Gold_Demona: so happy 9/11
Gold_Demona: also it's low and off sync
MadSurge: I wouldn't call the occasion "happy", but yeah. XP
Gold_Demona: of course not, but it's been enough we shouldn't be offended by jokes about it
MadSurge: lol, yeah
This film again?
TheRandomkid321: yep
Gnight, everyone.
Gold_Demona: so whassup, faithful wife? :P
Does anyone know where I may be able to find all the Dr Who episodes free?
TheRandomkid321: torrents?
Is the stream quiet for anyone else?
that it is TheRandomkid321
you need to refresh buddy
very low and quiet
september 10th what when I just got my job, lasted 8 years. The day of 0/11 was dead...
was*
9/11**
Pearly: so you have another job now?
I work for myself now, I been out of a job for 2 years. So I thought to work for myself
what kind of job is it?
Self employed artist
thats cool
MadSurge: Sorry, was afk. Hubby and I are foraging for lunch. lol ^^
it still slow but it does something what I enjoy
im kind of looking for a job for myself but im just not ready for it
Mostly, I draw portraits and other things.
heh i used to be in art class but i suck at art
But I can do other things as well
Pearly: That's really cool. I wish I was good enough to make a living with my art.
how about siramics or whatever is called
I just need to be more active, but its ok though. I need to make flyers
Heh flyers
for the locals in my city
hmp
One thing I loved about the Canterbury Tales was Chaucer's self-inserts. XD
!?
Is this a movie?
yes
Heh, silly question I guess. At least it's not a series then.
indeed
Mm, the sound is a little behind the image.
:)
Shame I joined late, I feel like I'm missing things.
dead chat is dead
lol yup
What's the movie called?
"A Knight's Tale" I do believe
Well I didn't know there even was a stream. I joined by chance.
Oh look its the joker!
Her hair looks purpley
it is
Good morning! What are we watching?
Buffer is a good thing this time, it synch the sound back up.
Hiyo Dark92Enigma. We're watching Knight's Tale
Is it me though or is the sound a little low?
It's veeryy low
I have my speakers up to max just to hear them.
I had same, until steam blip noise scared me
Gold_Demona: what's it about?
I can't have my speakers maxed cuz then if I get pinged my ears will explode. :P
I heard about it....but forgot what was it about
Dark92Enigma: It's about a knight. :D
pardon my redundance
LAWL
Gold_Demona: like too many movies i know
:D
GET ON WITH IT
Red hair guy uses words! its not very effective.
So much food.
/me Geeeeeeeeeeeet Ooooooon with iiiiiiiit
A duck!
Duck Soup?
hey, what are we watching?
Knight's Tale
Gold_Demona: Cat Soup :(
and congestion.
thanks Gold_Demona
No problem SirGanjalf
Nah. We watching A Jokers Tale.
BY THE PWER OF GRAYSKULL
GRAYHOUND
I thought he was going to chop that dudes head off
Day dreaming is a funny thing.
Heh nice looking throne chairs
good morning everypony :)
Hax!
Good morning dude
The other knight's got hax
Hai kirzstryfe
Barbetos|AtWork: daydreaming is wonderful :)
Oh jesus. Caught me daydreaming MadSurge
The ding scared the shit out of me
:D awesome!
Pony!
hi everyone :)
Heya Lil_B
OWNED
hey lil b
good day all
LIKE A BOSS
Hello Lil_B and Alchemist!
/me thanks Barbetos|AtWork Moopy and MadSurge :)
and hi Alchemist :)
your welcome dude
hmm, this movie looks familiar. Wasnt this on a recent movie night?
hi Lil_B!
I got my new WLan Stick today, I can watch the Stream again :D
This reminds me that War of the Roses is a game that's being made.
Alchemist: I don't think this has ever been shown on a movie night
Which is kind of surprising to me to be honest.
Barbetos|AtWork: I definitely seen this being streamed here though.
I think war of the roses is done
Lots of freezes though. Or is that just me?
Vivix: last I heard it was still in beta.
oh yea, second october
I was excited until I heard it was third person-
what?
Vivix: I thought you could play it first person too.
3rd person is just better for aiming.
well, I hope so- but the videos I've seen of it so far all state "third person game" -
I know you can close your helmet, but then it actually darkens your screen as well.
steam article too say third person game- so I don't think FPS is available, but if it is
they seem to have tried to make it very accurate that way
let me check.
What is this game you are talking about?
War of the roses
War of the Roses, you can find footage on youtube
Never heard of it.
INSERT MEDIEVAL GUILE'S THEME HERE
think quake arena with knights
That's because the game's not out yet.
as far as I understood it's TDM and DM only? /long since seen anything abou the game
gah, jittering
I'm going to miss it.
Heck, just regular Guile's Theme would do. It goes with everything. :P
TASTE THE SPEAR MUTHAFUCKA
Call of duty, medieval England?
pretty much
it's very violent.
They're rubbing him in his face
TROLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLO
You're not whacking a a sword against a healthbar there, you're stabbing people in the face.
yes, the only thing that dissapoitned me, is the third person
but--yeah
I got a bit tired of fps type games for now. Im waiting for the Xcom remake.
screw yo armour!
LIKE A SIR
I mean it's like, Alan Wake was fun, but I hated playing it because the guy was always in the way on my screen
^So you don't like 3rd person in general?
I just got here and what am I tripping on?
Shit there we go
SirGanjalf, pretty much- I can enjoy it if it's..centered, but in alan wake it was over the shoulder, so he was ALWAYS in the way-
That was awesome that was great
Good movie........
and of course top down, like baldurs gate or fallout is just great, I love that third person style
I'm going to have to go. The stream is too bad for me to follow more of this.
Vivix: same here, but tps like in GTA doesnt bother me. I think the camera type like in Alan wake is referred to as "over the shoulder" view rather than third person
NAY, Great one
Oh and it ends. Nice timing.
I am out, good night everypony
Alchemist, true true, in GTA and S3 and whatnot- it feels right. I think it's over the shoulder that bugs me the most
/me Insert WE WERE ANGELS (2nd DBZ Ending)
night Rommulus
in War of the roses I only wish it weren't third person at all because they wanted to make everything so period correct and almost realistic-
End a medieval movie with AC/DC. BRILLIANT!
Now that the movie is done, can I link a video?
Vivix: Well i like that in AW you can atleast choose on which side of the screen you character should be.
not yet
So, I cant get on youtube at school, but I can get on facebook? LOGIC!
SirGanjalf, reaally? I must do that- change him to the other side
Moopy: was that to me?
yes
Vivix: I think it's TAB key in PC version.
Anyway, I got a link to WotR. The game stays in third person yet, but it covers your screen as if you're wearing a helmet in first person.
Aah- thanks! Cause when I wanted to read a sign or look at something, I'd always have ot kinda..stand next to it and twist and turn-
Tab will- help
So bored
Quote from the game: "Control wise, the primary focus is getting third person to work perfectly, but if we find the time and succeed in getting the controls just right, who knows... It might require a whole different control set to be at all playable in normal hand to hand combat. The thing is also that a standard first person view raises a number of other issues that has to be resolved as well. We plan to put the camera wherever it is most
but yeah, I'm just a first person fan in all immersion games, I feel third person makes me relate less to the character. Sometimes that's a good thing, as if you're reading about the character, not being him or her, but- often I feel FPS works better in adventure and puzzles
Vivix: Np. Also some signs can be read by pressin "f" or "e"(Huh, i don't remeber, though i've finished it last weekend:P)
Ooh
Let's hope Wrek is awake :D
Whoa, that looked a lot shorter when I copied it.
Nord Mead!
05hope you liked
05i still got a headache so ima gona keep lying down
Ok now you can send video links now
Wrek: awww
Take an aspirin then
Wrek's not feeling well? :<
Here you go http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uu2-EFYXEX0 I hope you feel better soon Wrek
Wrek sounds bed -.-
Damn you school!
Get well wrek
If you forward to 12:22 you get (one of) the helmet view.
Wrek needs his wrest
I guess Wrek is wrek'd.
BA DUM TSS
/me groan
http://derpy.me/p9ovd
Thank you, try the veal.
Alchemist: :D wut?
Oh yeah, and the executions are in first person...If you're the one being killed.
Closing the helmet actually gives you a defence bonus against being hit in the head.
Real life is in first person
HoodyNinja: nothing, just Vinyl bugging the hell outta octavia. Thought it was kinda cute.
i know how you feel wrek i felt the same way as you so get some rest for a while then about few weeks you will feel alot better dude
Its extremely cute!
Confound you bronystate, you drive me to insomnia
and that's a bad thing?
Dunno if true, but I heard that if you a blade or arrow in the viewslot of a helmet, you can instakill people.
Ohai MirrorImage
I know for a fact that a lance to the face is an instant kill.
Nyst - that's cause a lance to the face tends to go all the way through the head
I hope Therainbowvortex is doing alright guys
Oh yeah, there's an exectution at 15:18
...ok, what are you talk about Nyst?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uu2-EFYXEX0
War of the Roses beta gameplay
You know game I'm excited for? Black mesa source
2 days 23 hours left.
Kinda want watchdogs too, looked at sleeping dogs too, but that didn'tl ook like my kinda game
Ah the timer keeps on ticking :3
Apparently Xen is not in this release, but the next one or.something
I hope it's not six years until next release
Playdough!
the greatest of all toys
I beg to differ. Lego is where it's at.
Hey who likes Duke Nukem in here? and who doesn't like it?
Kinda enjoyed the original 3d, never bothered with the other
played some of the original, but not a big platformer fan
Good afternoon people :)
Vivix: I am and I played the first trilogy :D
original was good, 3d was better, latest one was meh.
http://youtu.be/z5rRZdiu1UE does this count as rap? If so, I like this rap
MadSurge, hehe, liked it? A friend of mine had it, and I watched her play it- didn't really capture me at the time. I was more into doom then
hi MLP_Brovakiin and Vivix :)
Hiya Lil_B
Hello Lil_B :)
wanted to watch the Rap, casn't because of GEMA grrr
aww
brb
It's beastie boys, sabotage
Vivix: I liked Doom too, but I grew up in arcades, and I love platformers
