best story
Lol :D
aawww applebloom hug
You grew rocks?
hell yeya
00,10wait so that meens pinkies family lives close by
seems legit
hahaha
dont you grow rocks?
Where the Hell did she get the pink coat from? :D
rock farm....
How do you grow rocks?
lol
Dat smile
with sadness
Rocks for Geod or Rock Gardens?
Growing moss on rock I can understand, but...
She saw something beautiful, then spent the rest of her life trying not to lose that feeling.
DA
SANVICH
see the colourful rocks are the ripe ones
Early CM!
00,10hey look it's young tavi
I want to see more of Pinkies family
dat moment when your not sure if they are happy or about to cry
who does a party in the morning?
:O Happiness? Colors? Those are strickly forbidden in Amish Ponyland
Sumica: Oh...my...god o_o
:/
and that's how Equestria was made
That Inkie Dance.
Cypresswolf: and then Pinkie was banished to ponyville
You wonder if Pinkie really worked on a rock farm, or if she's just making it up to exgarrate how boring her life on the farm was?
Wha... Huh?!
wahuh?
oh pinkie pie :)
and thats how equestria was made
hahaha
JESmith: knowing pinkie i would sya it was a real rock farm :|
JESmith: she's pinkie pie... she could have dreamed it all
/me hugs
"next I will tell you how I got my cutie mark, its a pure gem"
dat scootaloo want
00,10see all those ponies, dash killed them
^
Screw youj, Fluttershy!
ha!
pony with no wings
dun dun dun
,,,
Dafuq
hhah I thought "didn't you already do that?"
Ruby Pinch? How did you get up there?
filly berry pinch with no wings
HANTAI!
BOOOOOM
o.o
aaaaand boom
dat face
ded
I am not a fan of filly rainbowdash's voice
Dash is a boss. :3 For killing those pegasi Sumica.
Dat mane
Nayn Dash
Nyan dash
nyan cat can top that
wait no never mind
hahaha
dat flank
Rommulus: i thought that was impossible...
so rainbow dash is kamina
NyanDash
Incoming glomp! Run rainbow!
THIS is why i dont favor this episode, lol
One day, I flew so fast, my friends all went through puberty.
tactical glomp incoming
Oh, I see. The Sonic Rainboom DOES dissapate clouds
GROUP HUG
00,10and dash blew everyones mind
DocSane: :D
Inb4 weird Dash look
dat face
Out of character line from Rarity.
Ewww!
Indeed
run dash run
hugs
/me hugs everyone in bronystate
best friends forever forever
NNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Noooooooooooooo!!
says rarity
NOOO!!!!
Le hugs
XD
haha
and the Applebloom stole Scootaloos wings
DIABEETUS
I love it when this show deconstructs its own tropes.
/me hugs Sergio_Scriptor
/me watches on T.V also
and then scootaloo was never seen again that day
eughh gay...Jk :)
I found my true friends :) then i moved to NY |:<
troll Rave is troll
dat Season 3 preview
Lol :D
hooray for fanart
Suddenly CMC space program.
SHOO BE DOO SHOO SHOO BE DOO
i have a bad feeling about the stream
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaay
Shoo Be Doo!! Shoo shoo be doo!
Bacon and Applejack!
those sea ponies
is that sopossed to be a releated thing to kerbel space program
Sea Ponies!!!!
CMC Space Explorers? G--- Sea Ponies.
SIMPLY SAY SOS
lol sea ponies!
Tovler, what now?
cow334: more to neil armstrong probably
Anyone else creeped out by the sea ponies?
Sergio_Scriptor: ooh...sorry
DocSane: I yuest to be
DocSane: yeah :(
Sea ponies are trolls man
then ....i started to like them
Just listen to this song
They look like aputees to me
amputees
DocSane: o hell yeah
Thanks for doing rerun streams Sumi
I wonder if they will put sea ponies in MLP:FIM
Bacon and Applejack!
thanks for the stream Sumica
My.Poniator's Lyra Sea Pony and Octoavia skit.
brb
DocSane, only to the point where I don't want them in G4
It was gweat
We almost died!
Needs more Ga Maar Met Me Mee music :[
SHOO
BE
What of it?
stream is over ? :'(
00,10I hope so Rommulus
Kandarihu: I've already said I want the sea ponies in G4 - A story about the Equestrian Coast Guard.
Yeo
*Yep
Thanks for stream Sumica
Cutie Mark Crusader Space Program! YAY!
Oh, I did not know you were here, Poniator. I liked that skit.
Thanks for streaming, Sumica!
thanks for the stream Sumica
Ah, there was a stream
Thanks for streaming doctor who Sumica :)
Again, thanks as always to Sumica and the other streamers
Thank woo for da stream Sumica :3
00,10there will be more stream shortly
Yep. Just missed it MrPoniator
Thank you for the lovely stream of ponies and doctor who
00,10just not by me
thx Sumica
http://youtu.be/lpdpNj0yHGY
oh wrek jumped in
thanks for the stream Sumica
Good afternoon everyone :)
00,10wreky art time yay
howdy MLP_Brovakiin, and howdy to Wrek as well!
Yay Wrek :3
hi MLP_Brovakiin :)
05so yeah
05...
I should really sit down and learn how to art.
05lets see
(Obscure joke to anyone who ever read Newtype magazine)
this is my 1st ever time on Bronystate and it is awesome art and streaming, magical
05enjoy the music
draw godzilla tap dancing on the hindenburg
DocSane: I'm trying to learn little by little im getting there
Rommulus: It becomes adictive.
That pic reminds me of KND the one with The CMC and Spike together.
DocSane: i'm trying. it's really fun :) you should go for it
Buytoast: :D
Who is doing the art at the moment?
00,10it's a jackel!
Lol.
Damily Guy
00,10Rommulus, Wrek is
Family
awesome!
MASF123: That rocket's too well-built to be KnD tech
Oh yay Wrek is streaming
Uh-oh, sensing incoming bipedal pony. I HATE bipedal ponies.
DocSane 2X4 technology has it's faults too
You hate Lyra?
Derpy_Hooves: She's not actually bipedal. She walks on all fours.
:O GASP!
bipedal = slang for too human
Its Muffins not Hooves
Derpy_Hooves: I just think ponies look weird and unnatural when they're drawn bipedal.
I should play more TF2. I had no idea that Moonstuck Woona was in VS Saxton Hale mode.
lile LittemissJay? Great faces, but dat bipedal all over
Derpy_Hooves: The characters work better when you keep them four-legged.
00,10sounds like a ponyfort2 server pony_4042
hey guys , hadnt been here in a while
Bipedalism leads inevitably to weird anthropomorphic horse people.
DocSane, you're pinging hte wrong derpy, but yeah I agree
Sorry.
>.>
Lyra is the only good anthro pony. Anyother just looks odd.
I think bipedalism often looks anthro even if it still has all the feral traits
See, a horse's legs aren't built for bipedalism. The main leg is up where a human's thigh would be.
you know what bugs me the most in fanart? If they bend the hindlegs teh wrong way
it looks so incredibly painful and wrong
human walking is just a series of controlled falls
They turn into these creepy, ungainly aliens with reverse jointed knees.
DocSane: i'm not sure tehy can even bend it to stand on 2 legs for an extended period of time
yeah
Vivix: the problem with all these ponies? Someone broke their legs
they can rear up and look cool, but it looks odd when they walk
Dat Lyra needs guns
NullRadix, true ;__; some cruel fanart artist with a sledgehammer
05enjoy!
anatomical studies in art
only on Bronystate
05you are now enjoyign MAd caddies live!
(slightly modified quote from the tutorial I followed when I was making terrible attempts to draw)
Eli: Yeah, horses can rear up momentarily, which works on the show when you see a character kick up to two legs for a moment, and then fall back down a moment later.
Hey Wrek, what do you use for your work? tablet, program what not
Eh, a mlp pony walking on their back legs reminds me of the legs of a Quarian from Mass Effect for some reason.
Wrek: oh, this group! I remember them! Lovely choice! ty!
05tablet
I am very fond of horselegs, like the way they look
bye guys
laters alexxm
bye alexxm
A lot of people don't seem to understand how a horse's anatomy works.
bye alexxm
but I haven't studied the inner workings enough to say how it should look when they do rear up and try to walk
later alexxm
bye alexxm :)
DocSane, yeah- even the show has some horsefails, like the foals in school all bend their legs the wrong way, but the adults don't usually
Ohai guys :)
hey MaxTheBrony
Hello again guys, I'm back from a trip to the morgue. Couldn't bear to see my friend's body, but I was able to donate for her flower crown... :'(
hi MaxTheBrony :)
sorry MadSurge :(
Vivix: You have to remember that what we see as the upper leg/knee/lower leg is actually the equivalent of a human foot/tow joint/middle toe.
my condolences, MadSurge
MadSurge: :(
MadSurge: That's...awful.
Hey MadSurge , :(
ah yeah-
MadSurge: sorry about that bro
MadSurge: What happened? Accident?
:s
DocSane: she hanged herself...
MadSurge: So sorry for you.
MadSurge: i know the feeling... one of my childhood friends dorwned... it wasn't a lovely sight...:( and it was suicide too...
hey im back
:(
MadSurge: that sucks :( sorry,try to see if it does not affect you that much :(
Hello ponyromPR
we are here for you MadSurge
hi MaxTheBrony :) how r u?
00,10this reminds me of the akycaptan Aj you did way back wrek
How ironic... now I'll never be able to laugh at "hang yourself" jokes again :|
hello ponyromPR
Eli, was he depressed?
hi cow334
Wrek: what was that song called
hi Wrek
Sumica looks like M.Bison to me
ponyromPR: im kinda depressed and sad cause got reminded of death.
00,10check his DA killerpony7733
MASF123: depressed > drug addict > and then put into a mental by his parents... he hated it, so he jumped into a river
aw:( im sorry :( anything i can do? MaxTheBrony
MASF123: one of the reasons i don't do drugs.
Nah, thanks anyways :)
ok, if anythin comes up lemme know
Eli I thought so it always starts with depression, but Drug addiction and mental instituation and he was a kid?!?! :O
But I know that she wouldn't want me to dwell on her death. So, let's change topic and have a laugh for her, please
good morning everypony :)
i feel the same maxthebrony broke behind on carpayment rent due and no job
MadSurge allright .
hi kirzstryfe
Hello kirzstryfe!
Heya CCCP <3 :)
morning kirzstryfe
Morning kirzstryfe
MASF123: it's now 3 years back. but he was 16 when he died yeah.
hello MaxTheBrony <3 :)
And hello CCCP!
Oh 16...
hello MadSurge *hugs*
Wrek do you plan before hand you draw? or did you just start by drawing a pony body?
morning kirzstryfe how are you today
MaxTheBrony: I think he plans on the pony body
i feel like the world is coming down on me
Wrek: I didn't see the answer before. Do you use mouse or tablet when you draw?
apparently a tablet
cause it seems like he have drawn this beforehand and is just showing off xD Its too good
he uses a tablet for sai
Yeah i do too , but i suck.
kirzstryfe: Thanks
spitfirecolt2: hang on there. We support you!
I agree with mad
thanks guys
:)
Wrek has a lot of practice, so he doesn't always need to do a full sketch if he has a good idea of it in his head
Wrek which pony is it?
That doesn't look like a Shadaloo insignia....
derpy?
is that derpy?
AJ?
aj
Applejack
Yep AJ
hahaha as soon as the blonde hair was drawn lol xD
:D RubberAJ?
05hop you're enjoyign the music!
Actually, it was as soon as we saw it tied in a bunch at the back
Fable Aj~
or soemthing
yar har
Music is good ^.^
Pirates in Toranto?
^
Music is nice :)
Why does AJ get so little love from fans?
Wrek: I like Mad Caddies!
AJ is awesome :o
she have gotten lots of love
^
Wait, the bunch is gone. Could still be Derpy
AJ is awesome, I agree!
Sumica Oh yah that one
i return from dinner and i see wrek drawing ... sweet :)
Bye bye y'all!
the eyes will show the answer XD
bye CCCP :)
Bye bye CCCP :(
by CCP
now that is an old one Sumica
CCCP
later CCCP
See you later CCCP!
Bye CCCP
<3
Bye, 3CP.
00,10just a guess
Strap on sword...
Bye CCCP
whos streaming right now?
Wrek is
^
ok, thx
so what reference is this pony ? :P
I think it's Lyra
MASF123: its aj
What theme is this?
On the pic
Is she Police?
On two feet?
Army?
Got to go guys later every one
woot woot
looks more army
Is that Derpy?
what's the band called? it's lovely! reminds me of streetlight :) i love 3d wave
Bye cow334
Dat Hari!
hair!
*
>.>
oww
hi all
Harikiri
hi RainbowDash90 :)
Ohai RainbowDash90 :)
hows everypony doing]
hi RainbowDash90
RainbowDash90: fairly good :P
awsomeness ^^
Good morning, everyone.
Morning AJIsAwesome
morninnAJIsAwesome
Can anyone tell me who Wre is drawing?
Aj
hi AJIsAwesome welcome back :)
*Wrek*
Heya AJIsAwesome hes drawing Aj i think
/me hugs Jay ponyromPR Sergio_Scriptor MaxTheBrony
:)
/)
oh god, I'm still on? ugh, I think I need to turn off auto log
AJIsAwesome: /)
Is that a Confederate pony?
well, hello everyone I guess
/) AJIsAwesome :)
oh and hi
Heya Dken2021 :)
Dken2021: Hello!
mitamaking: Hello!
Wait that is AJ..... oh dang it
Heya mitamaking
you know Wrek when I pulled up your Cheerilee picture I had to explain the term clop to my brother, it was quite fun
why dont you just ask who it is?
Oh that would of been fun.
mitamaking: please...tell me more :)
mitamaking: How did that go?
He thought it was a stupidly cleaver term for it
Hi everypony. My mind just got blown.
*clever?
Kawaii_icybeauti: Hello!
heya AJIsAwesome
hi Kawaii_icybeauti :) what happen ?
not sure how to spell that
Kawaii_icybeauti sounds like it was surprising
Sergio_Scriptor: Heya
And looked disgusted
Dken2021: Because I cannot post likies at this time, I'll tell you the title. Go on youbtube and look up "Scary Monsters and Nice Parasprites"
mitamaking: I would think of the picture as saucy rather than "clop", IMO.
AJIsAwesome: I know but I mentioned how we were joking that clothes make a pony more sexy and it led to me saying clop
oh that krillex pony thing?
*skrillex
mitamaking: Oh, ok.
Dken2021: Yeah.
But AJ as a confederate pony, interesting
mitamaking: Clothes make the ponies look more human, as does drawing them bipedal.
oh boy, i saw skrillex in the chat
Buytoast: Wait, what?
That is AJ right?
mitamaking: After a while, you may as well just make them gijinka ponies instead of actual ponies
all those layers
some asshat is talking about shitty music
00,10still not sure if AJ or derpy
Buytoast: It was a YTPMV with a skirllex song used. It was quiet awesome frankly.
Buytoast: stop the presses
ello
its still very difficult to determine
Anyone pumped for The Last Guardian?
Sumica: :D
Wait a sec, what are the movies?
AJIsAwesome: If that game still exist...
give me a cat and a recorder and i'll make skrillex's new hit single
for next week?
i'll call it
mitamaking: I hope it does.
Sumica: i bet 50 bits it is derpy... :P
Me slamming a door on my dick and throwing water on an angry cat
Kawaii_icybeauti gonna be determined for lottery today
it'll net millions
I am agreeing on derpy
Last Guardian or Versus 13, which comes out first
and poor PS3
mitamaking: Never heard of Versus 13. What's it about?
Oh sweet, I can go pick up the kelado today. I'm going within the area of a game stop.
Final Fantasy Versus 13
Hi bronies/ponies :)
'ello Pikachu
hi Pikachu :)
Hello Kawaii_icybeauti :)
hey Pikachu
Hi pikachu
Hey Pikachu , how did I not think up that name? And hey MadSurge
Pikachu: Hello!
It is a game in the 13 universe that is being made by the Kingdom Hearts team, we are not getting KH3 till Versus comes out and I hate it
I hope this is applejack XD
Pikachu: Yep.
Applejack makes more sense but it looks more like Derpy to me
i bet it's derpy :P
AJIsAwesome: YES I GUESSED IT RIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I hope its derpy
Wrek : you made a very nice Cheerilee
Kingdom Hearts needs to have Nier characters!
It's probably the hair color.
Wait till he zooms out agin, we'll see
it cant be derpy u see the hat? applejack :P
It's AJ guys
what hat?
Klutzershy?
Mad Caddies are a fun group :)
Plus guess what i got on minecraft?? (it starts with m and ends with y)
"Disconnected from server." The heck
Pikachu: i have no idea :P
I think the Fluttershy server died just now
Rarity died too
ANSWER: Mine little pony (now im a pony :) )
Pikachu: cool :)
/me waiting for mitamaking to leave
So many twilights :)
Silly PonyChat.
Twilight party
:)
EVERYPONY twilight spam :)
00,10guess a server died again
:$
everytime a twilight is posted a server dies
ouch for sever :(
00,10so what server was it this time I wonder
Sumica: is it happening often?
:( poor server
00,10recentaly yeah
I think a disconnection by server death means that all the nicks have to be killed manually. The nicks that aren't registered have to be killed manually by a server admin.
00,104 time in as many days
Sumica, Fluttershy
Sumica: need to fix that soon, sorry
Why is my sever On my computor shutting down too ???? :O
00,10they will auto time out after 5 min Kandarihu
Sumica, okay.
00,10but as you can see, most know how to use ghost command
Sumica: Thank u for telling us :)
thank god im registed in bronystate :P
00,10would let the IRCops know but i am sure they already do
Well, I know how to Ghost, but I've neglected to register my nick.
Kandarihu: it's better if you do :)
I thought I had registered my nice
*nick
how do you ghost a non registered nick?
00,10ah looks like Fluttershy is down again
no
you can make it Rarity
Don't refresh the chat! :O
Everypony into Spike?
0,5I use an IRC client like a baws
00,10yeah, unfortunatly Fluttershy is in the same dater center that holds the chat client embed
00,10so if you refresh chat you wont be able to get back in
00,10ponychat is probably also down
0,5But I can see you
DAYUM
0,5HOLY FUCK
NET SPLIT
there goes the split
DAAAAAAAAYUM
00,10and there went the net splits
test
awesome
sumica, iris.ponychat.net still is up
00,10all the nicks timeing out after 5 min
0,5Lol Sumica I could see ya
so...if we leave,he never return to chat ? :O
hello
even mine? :O
0,5we were all alone in the network
Well, it's more like 8 minutes since the incident.
Sergio_Scriptor: Forever!!!
hello
hi poniesrock :=
Everypony, reclaim your nicks!
:)
Sergio_Scriptor: :o
hi ser
mitamaking: my. god....we are the last survivors :O
dun dun duuun
All the servers were up
Ponies are still joining
hello
until the fire nation attacked
ello poniesrock
hi poniesrock :)
Hi poniesrock
Surre
just say that Sergio_Scriptor
00,10guess it's just the irc server this time and not the data center
what r we watching?
then the zombie-chatpocalypse will happen
unnr: we must never leave the chat bunker,or else you will never return :O
Why does this keep happening?
OH GOD I CAN STAD ROCK!
00,10So you all see the game on the steam greanlight list called organ trail?
Braiiins
6_9
I havent looked at the greenlight list
Sumica: yeah...it the one im thinking,the one with disenthria ?
Sumica same guys that made it or someone else?
00,10it's like that one Sergio_Scriptor, but with zombies
Organ trail.... Ohhhhhhh I get it
Sumica: :D,oh im voting in it then
00,10forge a river of zombies
Well, my Mag is officially locked into one of 4 forms, but it won't take any form until it hits lvl 100
Sumica: :D
O.o
Sumica: there's a zombie on the lawn, we don't want zombies on the lawn
Hugs
MadSurge: I will use my flower power to stop it
oh damn
/me hugs Sergio_Scriptor for comfort
/me hugs Sergio_Scriptor, and casualy checks the quality of his brains
WHY THE FUCK DID THAT HAPPEN?
dat flowa powa
mitamaking: yep :D
Yay new video from parnas1us
/me hugs Sergio_Scriptor
00,10learn to ghost otakon
i WASN'T EVEN POSTING! AND SUDDENLY I HAVE A WHOLE PAGE WORTH OF "DISCONNECTED FROM SERVER'
Hmmm....RED DEAD REDEMPTION horse, Painted Standardbred
Thanks guys :3
00,10yeah the server you were conected through went down
Sumica: I got randomly dc'd and then it said "Reconnecting too fast, throttled" WHY?
00,10it died like 10 min ago
Sumica: why fucking ME all the time? fucking kickbots and then this bullshit
it says for info:"A brown varnish appaloosa horse. Normal Speed."
/me sighs at
00,10it's not just you otakon
00,10i was on the same server as was dari and shizu
I had to look up a ghost command
"Appaloosa!"
otakon: because you are highly excitable and the network likes to see you get riled up?
now I remember on how
Sumica another netsplit?
yeah
00,10yeah fluttershy again
I swear, the next time I hear someone say that hugging is gay, I'll do a /me about punching him in the face for no other reason to establish that I'm secure in my masculinity.
Wrek: are you gonna push her head up a bit?
Sumica: I know of one indie tabletop RPG where one of the settings is a sea of zombies :D
Sumica i was chatting with mah girlfriend!!!! :'(
MadSurge: All Flesh Must Be Consumed?
MadSurge: AFMBE?
Unnr: you know of it too huh?
otakon: Yeeep
00,10the wow zombie event was fun till people started exploiting it
/me is glad he is not in Fluttershy
otakon and Unnr: no, what's that?
Once, a long, long time ago, I was involved in the kung-fu setting of all flesh
and it was amazing
MadSurge: it's a tabletop Zombie game set
I heard all about that Corrupted Blood epidemic. I was a viewer of Attack of the Show when it happened.
05so far so good
MadSurge: it's got some good stuff for those who find zombies fun
05a nice re-adaptation of the original
05but more badass
Wrek, derpy or AJ?
00,10yep wrek, still not sure if derpy or AJ though
Wrek: her head looks too close to the body
00,10ah so it is AJ
Sumica: it's AJ, I can tell by the colors
Kandarihu: i think that's a different event. Corrupted blood was trolls, not zombies
brb
Hey all. I'm gonna bounce for a bit. Back later for Euro Movie night
corrupted blood was ith hakkar
THANK CELESTIA IM BACK ON BRONYSTARE!!!! I MISSED YOU ALL /)/)/)/)/)/)
i wish i played back then
05tough luck otakon :P
bye DocSane
imagine all the butthurt
regardless...
te*bronystar
NO THE INFECTED ARE GETTING IN D:
0,5Dis polka
*bronystate!
Wrek: alright suit yourself, she looks like she has no neck currently is all
brb
rdibp: HEY, WELCOME BACK!
/me throws his computer across the room and walks outside
00,10the zombie event was for lichking launch
did anyone hear abput a possible season 3 plot?
about*
Spoilers = ban rdibp
00,10I sat on a roof top with a long rifle
I DIDNT SAY ANYTHING
:(
dabi, you're a spoiler. Ban yoself.
no u
sometimes i see the whole mod and and viewer as the mods being the nobelty and the viewers like us being the poor people :P
00,10lawl
i work on the fields and i will worship you :P
That's ridiculous Sergio_Scriptor. Now, give me your money peasant.
dabi pls
jaymoo pls
*money
gibe money please
HUE HUE HUE HUE
VIVA LA REVOLUTION :)
hi all
i wonder if bronystate will have a bastilla day,where the kigdom of bronystate will then be in the hands of the comon people >: )
FlutterMEDIC: Hello!
VIVA MEXICO!!!!
hello FlutterMEDIC
hi FlutterMEDIC :)
Only 8 in a half hours to go!
so, what are we drawing today?
FlutterMEDIC: we dont even know :d
It looks like Applejack FlutterMEDIC
FlutterMEDIC: Applejack.
my first thought was some sort of Nazi pony because of the officers cap, but then you guys told me it was Applejack
05back
05sorry bout that
05had a nice chili con carne
i spend too much time about WW2
Wrek, sounds good
hey @Wrek
FlutterMEDIC: Confederate Applejack.
0,5DARI Y U BAN EVADE
no problem Wrek :)
that makes much more sense
welcome back Wrek
i have to go
>:
<:
/me sounds the dragon horn to start the peasent atack against nobelty :P
0,5D;
CHAAAARGEEE
*in Demoman voice* ALL AT THEM LADS!
fuck you the nobility dies and then we'll be killed by dragons and shit
the mods are to strong D: they have the ban hammer,he got nothing :'(
Dat DWR
dabi pls
luckily we have a Dovahkiin among us
derby pls
dari Where? He fackin' owes me money.
But all jokes aside, how's it going for ya?
Not bad, how about you?
ello DashWithRainbows
054 more watchers on DA and i will break the 600 mark
and hey Dken2021.
Wrek: good luck with that,im already folowing you :)
Was chat down?
Rex_Mundi: it was for like 20 minutes :P
Rex_Mundi: yeah
house mafia time
Wrek: so special pic when that happens?
Rex_Mundi, one of the servers died.
0,5I liek dis song
0,5It was in that "she reads all day" video
Are Buffulos extinct?
0,5no...?
0,5silly
0,5OSHIT hurr it kaahms
they were about to though one time
/me 0,5bobs his head to dis
this song is cool :)
THIS MY BOOK
0,5I got it on my ipod
/me does the same thing as Bacon.
0,5BOOKS ARE DAMN SEXY
guys
/me joins BaconMane and FlutterMEDIC
oh nvm
Dken2021, you mean the cowboys or Alamos whatever the fuck they are called?
MASF123 yea I think
BaconMane: books make everything sexier :$
/me eats souls
no wait, it was something to do with the oregan trail or something
Books make women sexier in bed
/me eats atoms.
0,5Wait what
0,5theres more to this song....?
0,5Mine cuts off right about here....
/me eats FlutterMEDIC
0,5I want the full version right NOW
Correction...Books make naked women sexier in bed. :3
0,5WREK
BaconMane: prob extended mix
/me teleports out of Malk.
MASF123: indeed :)
FlutterMEDIC taste good
S I take it Wrek is streaming
yup
Rex_Mundi: yep :P
morning everypony
one
ello Moopy
oh this song XD
ello
hi Moopy :)
always loved this single
hello dude
hey Moopy
hey dude
Moopy: Hello!
Hey AJ
today we are having a lot fo Mod x viewer iteraction :3
i just got here, what is this a drawing of?
yeah me to
Rex_Mundi: Confederate AJ.
^
preety much
I hope it's not going to be Confederate.
got a problem, yankee?
Hey scootaloo sorry about last night
Kandarihu: Not really sure. That's what I heard.
/me noms on BaconMane's Mane :3
With that wrist blade, im guessing its a little steampunk
Anyone know how to open a bottle that doesnt want to be opened
?
Rex_Mundi: by what you said, it reminded me of Gettysburg: Armored Warfare.
Malk: Bottle opener?
Malk: what kind of bottle?
ohey its greyhound
Malk: try to pass it trhough hot water
hey i herd this music befor but i don't know where thpugh
cratorkid a plastic one
*through
Sergio_Scriptor I did
Moopy: its swedish house mafia - greyhound
cool
Malk: hum...try to cut it open ?
Smash it and lick the glass!
Sergio_Scriptor its tea
Malk: teeth?
Malk: you can still cut it
...
atempted cratorkid
AJ looks badass now
Malk: poke a hole in the top with a pen
hi :c
hey CCCP
welcome back CCCP :)
cratorkid its thick plastic
CCCP: Hello!
oh, it's Admiral AJ
hello CCCP
/me hugs cratorkid Sergio_Scriptor and AJIsAwesome and Dken2021
Malk: then sorry,i realy have no idea :\
Alright. I scrolled up. Looks like Wrek never said anything about what kind of military that AJ's being drawn in, just that she's a soldier.
/me hugs CCCP back
Malk: stab it like you mean it!! its the only way itl work!
Malk: you lean on it with all ur wait
/me is going to piss his pants if he does not go to the bathroom
Malk: weight
howdy everypony
Is "Euro movie night" the same movie as on friday?
hi Apple_jack
Hi Apple_jack :)
ya Rex_Mundi
well im going to get on my xbox and play my games for a litle bit but i'll still be here in the chat
yes Rex_Mundi :)
/me hand Sergio_Scriptor a 2 liter bottle
ello Apple_jack
Apple_jack: Hello!
thanks cratorkid :d
hey Apple_jack
Rex_Mundi it's for those europeans who had to go to sleep friday since it's very late for them
cratorkid not working
hello
hao DaringDerpy
are we gonna be streaming some ponies after the euro movie?
cratorkid they really want me to work for that tea
>_>
Apple_jack ya
Malk: use a knife then , you can also clean the cap and use hand sanitizer on ur hands for more friction
well then, im gonna go buck some apples until the festivities begin
Apple_jack: we see ponies DURING movie night :)
you....go do that
Malk: you can also use an icepick tactic and hammer it in with something
holy shit I just finished Background Pony - Melodius
CrimsonPhoenix: Is that your OC?
AJIsAwesome, no
I don't do OCs
CrimsonPhoenix: Who is that?
Background Pony is simply a fanfic
CrimsonPhoenix: Ok.
better than MLD
what about fe
MLD all the way
then again what is worse than MLD
true...well Cupcakes. :/
^
Cupcakes isn't even a fanfic, it's a joke
i was still freaked the f out
because of how gory it was and we shouldn't proceed further
CrimsonPhoenix agreed
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Instrumental Music: Night Magic / Heart of Flight / Spinning the Record
I honestly think Cupcakes gets too much attention. The video version is one of the highest viewed videos and some non-bronies I know become haters because of that video.
cratorkid got open knife hot water hitting top combo
All I want to say is READ BACKGROUND PONY IT'S AMAZING
hello everypony im finally awake but sick with the cold :)
cratorkid and a little bit of teeth
Malk: hel yeah!
DJ_POn-3_: Hello! Hope you feel better.
Malk: /)
ya i hope so to
I want to read Veil of Minds but I'm so lazy and haven't finished First Pony View
which pony is being painted
I hate reading but want to get into it
DJ_POn-3_: aj
AJ
/me drinks tea then (/ cratorkid
yay
oh hi DJ_POn-3_ :)
hello Sergio_Scriptor: how are you :)
This Brisk Tea Taste AWESOME Tea and Lemonaid togther
DJ_POn-3_: good,thanks for asking :)
your welcome
Malk: now you need tocadero
tocadero?
I'm not really much of a fanfic reader, but I'm trying to get into it.
Yeah same here
hai Everypony :)
hiya thelonepony
Malk: swedish soft drink , apple and orange juice and some other stuff i think , AMAZING
Tocadero
Wrek: you ever hear fo Tocadero?
hi thelonepony :)
otakon: he loves it
Well, it's official now. My mag has now taken the form I've wanted it to have: Leo
I was disturbed yesterday when I started to read fanficts
Can anyone request some normal fics?
AJIsAwesome, what do you mean by normal?
^
AJIsAwesome fans arent Normal
CrimsonPhoenix: Like no shipping, grimdark, sad, etc.
Maybe some comedy ones, perhaps?
AJIsAwesome: hmmmm
Wrek: I like the chalk line look
I'm curious what song is playing?
Normal is a tag isn't it?
sounds like an OST
from a video game
Sumica: you won the bet...i see it is applejack...Take my bits :|
/me gives 50 bits to Sumica
/me steals Srgio_Scriptor's bits
SNACTCHES!
sounds similar to a mass effect battle music
ok...that was a fail. Lol.
Let me try again some other time.
Hello again :)
hi MLP_Brovakiin :)
Hi
MLP_Brovakiin: hows it going
hery MLP_Brovakiin
MLP_Brovakiin: Hello!
hi MLP_Brovakiin
hai MLP_Brovakiin
AJIsAwesome: THERE is the story of my life.
AJIsAwesome: fic
http://www.ebay.com/itm/221115039977 the auction is almost over
hi MLP_Brovakiin
damn that Chrysalis is well done
who's the current bidder?
what the buck i hate these ads randomly popping up
It's an expensive chrysalis :P
/me hugs Sergio_Scriptor MASF123 DJ_POn-3 Pearly AJIsAwesome, FlutterMEDIC and DaringDerpy :3
it is a well done custom pony
hai MLP_Brovakiin
Hi, Good afternoon everyone
MLP_Brovakiin: *hugs back* /)
hai TGaPT
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Hello!
Hello TheGreatAndPowerfulT
hi TheGreatAndPowerfulT
also hugs thelonepony :3
D'awwww MLP_Brovakiin
:3
05hows it looking?
Hey that aution isn't over for another 6 months
It's looking bloody great Wrek~
ThegreatAndPowerfulT: hello
Wrek: Great!
MASF123: What can you say, I am a friendly guy :P
of wait...minutes
good so far
@Wrek: it looks amazing so far
05and the music is really adding to the epic
excellent Wrek
^
Wrek: what music is this
Wrek there is not music :s
how do i hear it?
CCCP: yes there is
are you using a headset?
but my sound is on and i dont hear a thing
oh dear, it's at £205 now
cratorkid yes
my internet derped
and now there is 2of me :|
CCCP: is it pluged in? muted? etc?
welp I'm off to play some ME3
/me snuggles MLP_Brovakiin
cratorkid yes its plugged in, nope not muted
so I'll bbl for the movies
bye
hey CCCP
Who was the last bidder before?
CCCP: you may need to restart the browser or pause and play the video
otakon: see ya
bye otakon :)
Wrek: thanks for the stream, happy drawing
cratorkid yeah i will, thanks
QUICK WHO WAS THE BIDDER OF BEFORE?
bye otakon
I'M THE HIGHEST BIDDING NOW
bye ot-
CrimsonPhoenix oh you bidded £205?
YOU'RE KIDDING ME RIGHT?
hey everyone
hi Thrackerzod :)
Thrackerzod: Hello!
hai Thrackerzod
hai Thrackerzod :)
well fuck.....
Thrackerzod: whats up :)
hm?
CrimsonPhoenix: What is it?
and sold
and it's over
hello Thrackerzod!
Who won?
CrimsonPhoenix you've been outbid?
Dat Applejack!
http://i.imgur.com/d4bL9.png
sweet
I kinda......dunno how I should feel
so u won? CrimsonPheonix
CrimsonPhoenix: So you won?
well he said he didn't mind whoever outbids him
CrimsonPhoenix: He said he didn't mind if you outbid him.
Well he'll get that Chrysalis anyhow
THAT SONG
what song is it
hi everypony
hai somepony_else
somepony_else: Hello!
This damn laptop keeps on crapping out on me :|
Welp, gonna get some pizza :D See ya later guys
MadSurge: See you later!
Hello somepony_else
hey Dken2021 and AJIsAwesome
somepony_else: hey, how are you
Goodbye MadSurge
hai somepony_else :)
hello MLP_Brovakiin, DJ_POn-3_ and thelonepony
:)
brb, getting some grub
see ya MadSurge
my internet is deping so bad
what song is this any why?
it's badass! :)
00,10I see adrmal Aj is progressing nicely
thelonepony: idk but i miust know what the song is
hello somepony_else
hi DaringDerpy
chat Ded?
nope just me
Sociallism FTW
00,10sound like C&C music
russia ?
command and conquer?
indeed
Sumica It's Hells march. So yes, it is C&C music.
RA3, this one
yes
Russians make some damn good music.
00,10the last one was as well DashWithRainbows
The curupt capitalist pigs will be... repaced with less curupt individuals!
...thats not hell march
Sumica Just opened stream to check :P
Playing some C&C: TA right now before some TF2.
Rex_Mundi, people who are willing to topple capitalism are corrupt already.
Kandarihu: :d indeed
Kandarihu: yay for corruption lulz
:C
Topple, or rather moderately controll capitalism through liber reform policies!
DJ_POn-3_, no. No yays for corruption
THIS IS MY JAM
what is playing now?
Rex_Mundi, both are horrible oppression.
i liek this song
yay for moderate policies!
ca anyone explain this to me please? http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m9ns6egtq51r2tilvo1_1280.jpg
/me bobs head
can**
back with cereal <3
hi
Kandarihu: i was joking though about the corruption
05not too shabby for anthro
CrimsonPhoenix: i have no idea :|
CrimsonPhoenix: I have no idea.:S
CrimsonPhoenix ?
:|
DJ_POn-3_, okay. BTW, you can reclaim your nick
CrimsonPhoenix: i'm as confused and creeped out as you are.
i can? YAY
mooo
00,10indeed wrek
philomeana?
To be hounest, im not zealously for any form of governmence, so long as it works and civil liberties are presearved.
yes finally i am back with meh original nickname YAY :) <3
MEG! :[
Yeah, that is nice.
meh
:)
plus anthro AJ is looking fantabulous :P
whats anthro?
rdibp: its a conbination of animal and human traits
exactly
Though I do think the USA neads more liberal and socialist policies and less Republican Neo-conservatism and oligarchic money controll of washington.
rdibp: like any of the mane 6 with human female parts O_o
aniam;s on two feet
:P
ferrel is on all fours
anyone a fan of kitty0706?
feral is animal like, anthro is human like
Rex_Mundi: yes i live in the U.S. and couldnt agree more or less
Rex_Mundi, we are practically in socialism right now under Obama. And it's destroying us.
WHEEEEEE PLOTICS!
^^
/me lives in a socialistic democracy
polotics*
rdibp: Anthropomorphism is humanlike characteristics given to non-human characters. However, when most people say 'anthro' they mean humanoid anthro.
povotovs
/me lives in switzerland and has no idea what is the political order :P
/me isn't quite sure either, but thinks its socialistic
Kandarihu: yes i dislike the government but without it there coukd be social anarchy so i dont see any winning here :(
INVISIBLE OBAMA 2012
Sergio_Scriptor you do what ever you want political party
rdibp: does your nickname say rainbow dash is beast pony?
Government is a neccesary evil. What we need is only the minimum needed to protect our rights and absolutely nothing more.
* i meant best
DJ_POn-3 yes :$
Thrackerzod: then i choose Old timy monarchy :)
I have no strongs opinions about my own country
yay i was right
other than please not frp
*time
BEST NOT BEAST :O
Kandarihu: You dont seem to know what socialism is. In anycase, the United states doesnt really have a "liberal" (in USA terms) party, but rather a conservative party (the Democrats), and an even more conservative party (the Republicans). Obama is very conservative in many ways.
^ wat
i meant best mistyped
/me shrugs
>_>
Rex_Mundi, you think the Democrats are conservative!?
BRB gonna get some tea
I think everyone is mistaken and needs to be ruled under a king and told to shut hte fuck up every once and a while
just sayin
hehe
DJ_POn-3 is best british pony
Thrackerzod: i think the exact same thing :)
Thrackerzod, no. Just NO
Thrackerzod but then he too will be overthrown
we have six political parties, all ranging from left to right and middle- I don't know shit about it, and don't care as long as my country works
the only thing I want is free dentistry
05both parties of the US are so far to the right of the spectrum that there is no proper left
Porn music Wrek... Really?
/me snuggles Vivix
MONARCHY OR DEATH
no matter who we vote for, we are still going to get a dumbass as a president :P
/me is sick of expensive dentist bills
rdibp: Me?
/me has free health care :3
/me pats Pearly
wut?
Where are people getting this idea that the Democratic party is conservative?
Whats this you are drawing Wrek?
Free health care = 200% tax rate
both parties are socially behind...republicans try to restore the 50s
DA-DA-DA-DAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Hi bronystate.
Taxes are fine, as long as I get stuff for free when I need them
democrats the 70s
i like the 50s :)
Hello FillyFlam
we pay 25% taxes I think
WHAT DO YOU GOT AGAINST IT!? :[
rdibp: u said DJ_POn-3 is best british pony? i believe is what u said
Debating politics, I see. I'll make the popcorn.
DaringDerpy, the Republicans are trying to restore the 80s
/me nuzzles Vivix "hey there"
Golakka: Confederate Applejack.
DJ_POn-3 you drink tea, your british :P
you proably pay 76% of your lifes income to taxes in a socailist nation
hmm, I may need to buy shitloads of wreks stuff
I think, if you can get stricken bankrupt and loose your home because you got sick on your job, something is wrong with your government
rdibp: oh right'o :P
is 25% much compared to USA?
i love seeing arguements over the internet :$
well thats just MVA
oh look, Winona
nope.avi
DJ_POn-3: Hey I'm also british /)
rdibp: http://i.imgur.com/iXLz0.jpg
rdibp: i know right ? :)
Vivix, there are ways to fix problems like that other than forcing the government over every facet of our lives.
:D
rdibp: i went to a website once called omegel and there was this huge debate over politcs it went on for hours
lol how about if you work you get paid and if you get paid you can pay a docter to fix you if your a lazy asshole you dont get a doctor its syimple
DaringDerpy hehe
DaringDerpy: nice one
Kanadarihu- The democrats have lots of liberal supporters, but the party oveal is moderatly conservative. Its just the Republican party is so far to the right it makes the Democrats look liberal in comparison.
MLP_Brovakiin: (\
i love arguments especially over bronies
Kandarihu, possibly, I don't know them- nor do I know how it works here now
don't shield rattle unless there's an actual flame war
wth, politics in my chat. when did this come about?
why is that rdibp?
Rex_Mundi, you've been getting your information from the mainstream media, haven't you?
Sylandest, I say vote for futtershy for president :D
Sylandest: i have no idea :|
fluttershy
Pearly: i just love it when anti bronies are just trying to further their argument when they actually sound stupid
Kanarihu- No, the mainstream media would want me to belive that the Democrats are liberal inorder for them to get more votes.
Pearly: because Bronies are superior to haters :)
if you get your information from CNN or Fox your already wrong
Sergio_Scriptor: right...back to writing then
i find trolls adorable :3
I like discussing horse anatomy and pony lore
Sylandest: good luck :)
trolls don't exist anymore
rdibp: trololololol
/me raises her hoov to that one DJ_POn-3
Vivix: me too,yesterday discussion was much better :|
whats a hoov?
Im not a troll i just hate how kids think the sociaism helps a contry in any way shape or form
Sergio_Scriptor, yeaah that was a fun one
hoof
Rex_Mundi, no. The MSM is in bed with the Democrats. They everyone to think that the Republicans are HORRIBLY ULTRAEXTREMECONSERVATIVE
:D
the side that moves to the middle ground wins from the opponent. so in the long term they meet at the same place about most secondary issues
SOCIALISM?
IN MY MURIKA?
I raise my hoof to that as well Pearly
Thrackerzod, he yeah
you commies better pack your yamchas and mozy on back to polar bear country
2 party system trap
how do i italize my text in the chat
this is the land of the free
both republicans and democrats are dumbasses, i choose the idontcareican party
Buytoast arrogants twards a contry i dont live in?
thats funny
superior feeling feels good
on the note of politics, who here hates Fox News?
DJ_POn-3: just write " /me" in the chat :)
haters gonna hate
FlutterMEDIC pretty sure everyone does already
I have no opinions on Fox other than the joke ones from Sipmsons
FlutterMEDIC as much as i hate CNN
alright at the end or beginnign
I don't watch Fox News, so no hate here
/me is teaching
darling, yup
*beginning
Kandarihu: the thing is, the Republicans are in an identity crisis, the party is no longer the party of Reagan (who was liberal compaired to Bush).
FlutterMEDIC, I'm of a rare few who doesn't hate FOX News
what's wrong with CNN?
they baised
Kandarihu: welp, thats your opinion, and you are entitled to it
Never seen CNN either
Rex_Mundi, you haven't been watching the RNC, have you?
Vivix: *confession bear look* i actually kinda like the new episodes of the simpsons
name one that is not biased
oh god that close-up :D
/me grabs rdibp WHAT
CNN = the demoratic party pays us to suck there cock, Fox the rebulicans pay us to suck our Cock
it's just the propaganda bullshit of a different pressure group
nope i dont got got it /me
I hated s19, but kinda liked s20- haven't seen the newest yet
i would rather prefer old episodes than new ones, but if they are on i watch them anyway
there are some good episodes on the new simpsons series :P
that close up is just...........awkward
MSNBC and FOX are much more biased than CNN, CNN isnt pretty well balanced, just insiped and boring.
rdibp, yeah, I think some of the family values and "streets are dirty" things Matt liked are gone from the newest seasons- but they're probably still fun
Thrackerzod, and guess who gets the label as biased and guess who gets off scott-free?
On a side note, I think it's funny when the top comment on an Alestorm video is about Diablo 3.
i think Matt even knows that his show is going down the toilet
:P
It's like, what in the world would cause that discussion on that particular video?
yeah-
rdibp whos show?
Matt - I don't know how involved he is anymore, I know Al Jean runs the show, but he's been running it for too long
He's getting jaded-
Matt Greoning, the creater of the simpsons
I didn't like that 500th episode
David Mirkin was showrunner in..s7?
that season was pretty good-
has anyonehas much success selling on pnysquyare.com or ibrony?
Vivix: he still is :)
Hi everypony
ponysquare
David Mirkin is showrunner? I thought it was Al Jean
hai Iain
rhis is looking reallt good <<<<<
hey Iain
*this
hai Iain
Vivix: they have several :D
so whats going on the stream right now?
Wrek is wreking shit
oh
I thought they had the showrunner as boss, like jaysson thiessen, and the rest worked under him-
Iain: he watching Wrek paiting :3
Dken2021: there was even a message at the end that stated "go outside and take a deep breath of air before going on the internet and complaining how much this episode sucked" or something like that. :D
Iain: wrek is drawing Confederate AJ
Wrek why are you such an amazing artist?
with Executive creative consultant being Matt Groeaning
okay
Groening*
Vivix: they sort of like switch from episode to episode
Iain: @Wrek painting an amazing picture of Admiral AJ
hahais there like a link to this stream
rdibp it still suck though
hm, I understood it differently from the commentary tracks-
00,10sounds like some deus ex
cool music
FlutterMEDIC, he never said confederate.
like Showrunner runs the season, headwriter runs the episode, room writes rewrites, including matt groening and the entire writing staff of "producers"
*confession bear* i dont really like dues ex that much....
Kandarihu: someone said it was Confederate AJ earlier...
/me hugs Pinkie
FlutterMEDIC, I know. But Wrek wasn't among them.
Vivix: it a sort of confusing medium :d
*confession bear* i thought that star fox wasnt a fun game and i was bord with the sonic series
Hi, everypony!
hello pony85771
in fact i still am
EY everypony
Hm
hi pony
i wish i could paint this good what program is @Wrek running?
after 500 episodes, they have to run out of material eventually. the only thing keeping them running is pop culture references
hi robit
yeah, true rdibp
the show had a sort of--real feeling, you know? Gritty- poor, etc
:)
rdibp: and that is sad,altough WHERE THE FUCK IS MY LENNY & CARL CENTERED EPISODE ?!
im afraid that mlp fim might end up like the simpsons
but as seasons progressed "Lets go to alaska" "k" and it just spiraled, and now its all about the joke
ello pony85771
it might- but IF it does, hopefully after many great seasons
speaking of pop culture references, i wonder if they're gonna insert us somewhere in an episode of the Simpsons
ANYPONY KNOW WHAT PROGRAM @Wrek IS USING /Me
hai der pony85771
maybe~~ sometimes they're slow
The thing tht iks me about some people in the USA, is that some people seem to put the founding fathers on pedistools and worship them as if they had no faults or held posistions that disagree with them. Personally I have a lot of critisisms about them, like the morality of propergating a violent rebellion to achive their political views.
DJ_POn-3 it's Paint SAI
wasnt there some rumors of south park doing a bronie episode?
thank you
FlutterMEDIC: i bet family guy is going to do that first, they always make fun of whats on top
Family Guy is still running?
Apple_jack there was, and it never came true
i think it is
Vivix: yeah
*confession bear* after playing so much god of war i cant stand any other interpretations of greek mythology....
rdibp well technically, cleaveland show kinda made the referencefirst
rdibp: eh, Family Guy is satire, could work it in any way they want it
probably
i found out that Alice: Madness Returns is just like god of war 3
orly?
yarly
anypony here ever played cod
05and my best guess is that it will end as its predecessor did
Iain: no
yup
Wrek USA*
I have
classic call of dut
CoD is hated because it is popular to hate it
i like call of duty, i just dont like its fanbase
Is that Applejack?
*duty
Pinkielover123 mmhmm
Ohai
Wrek: Invaded by barbarians?
Hehe
rdibp its less anoying then bronies
The fall of the USA...it would be...intense
Hi MaxTheBrony
Wrek, how would you like it if someone said that about Sweden?
EY MaxTheBrony
hi MaxTheBrony
Vivix i dont hate CoD tho i dont like the way the devs are working on it :)
Pinkielover123: i cant tell if its me or not, i've never worn that outfit before
Rex_Mundi I guess ,we do have a huge amount of debt to pay
Hello MaxTheBrony
hai CCCP /)
evenin' ebeypony
*everypony
05Kandarihu: i dunno no one has said it yet
rdibp (\ <3
Heya SirGanjalf
debt we mostly gathered from incessant wars
SirGanjalf: Helo!
MaxTheBrony, I haven't seen the progress, I played it as a kid when it was new, and some MW1 when that was old
hai SirGanjalf
In any case, Europe is a lot less stable right now.
05my point being spreading too thin ending up colappsign on itself
Wrek Sweden is the modern day Roman Empire
Brohoof anypony? /)
All countries might end some time, we shouldn't worry about that
05CCCP: ORGIES FOR EVERYONE
Iain: (\
I like the CoD Up to mw1 then it went way off my game list :)
*brohoof*
Iain: (\
Sweden doesnt have an Epmire anymore, its just a small faithless country of declining cultural and political importance
orgies?
(\
Roman empire ended after a 1000 years?
O_o
awwwwwwwww yeah
Iain, (\
I FOUND OUT TODAY THAT JERSEY SHORE WAS CANCELED! CIDER AND CUPCAKES ALL AROUND!!!
Iain(\
Rex_Mundi whats up with sweden?
@Wrek: much like the Nazis?
Brohoof anypony?
D: Sweds arent nazis :S
Wrek: very simply put, we need a budget otherwise we will collapse, however the fall of the roman empire was due mainly to it was spread out too far and powers too thin
what's jersey shore (joking)
\(
rdibp AAWWW YEEAAAHHHHH
(\
Vivix: much more then just 1000 years,like they wore arround for 3000-4000 years
rdibp ah, yes, but rmemeber, something MIGHT take it's place
as a republic? I don't know anything about it
5 minutes till movie
05Apple_jack: you jsut repeated what i said a minute ago
snooki has her own show now
EU is not a part of europe
For one, I think it wouldnt be a bad idea to decrease the amout of military bases in areas that dont need us anymore, like Germany
Its just a load off
yeah
we should just make a virus that kills the human race
Vivix: well not as a republic,but since the creation to the last day,they wore arround for a long time
Wrek: yes but the difference is, we are not spread too thin, we are inflating at an alarming rate because no budget have been set
and every thing living too
CCCP suicide virus?
ah yeah, Sergio_Scriptor it's cool history, but I don't know it
hey guys
robotdragon9 yesh :3
CCCP, genocide is not the answer.
(\
hai d3rb
what about the russians? :P
Kandarihu there was no question :)
05lookign forward to the orgies and vomitariums
/me hugs Dken2021
Kandarihu: I don't see why not?
Vivix: i dont blame you,studing roman society is hard :)
hello d3rb
/me hugs d3rb back
Iain Russia has been crappy since the early 90's
/me hugs DJ_POn-3
Wrek- Vomitoriums never really existed btw
:D
I like near history, like 1800s personal history, like farm history
CCCP I think it's cool
http://i.imgur.com/EHM5h.png
/me hugs d3rb back
i hate history
05Rex_Mundi: I CAN DREAM
I especially love diaries
CCCP, you're proposing the end of humanity as your solution to the problems plaguing the world. It doesn't matter WHAT the problem is, that isn't the solution to anything.
3 mins :D
/me slaps rdibp
Brohoof?
Iain i mean its cool but the USSR is better
:'(
i hate politics
okay
CrimsonPhoenix: holy morbid
i hate stairs
if i turn off the videos sound will it also turn off the pings?
CrimsonPhoenix: thanks for destroying my good mood...
I had the weirdest dream last night
i hate trains
Love history, this game is my favorite http://www.europabarbarorum.com/
/me sorries and hugs rdibp :)
CrimsonPhoenix: That was an epic picture :o
Kandarihu life is wats the problem with everything, no life, no problems
k :)
Apple_jack you using the web client?
Apple_jack: It shouldn't.
How much time untill movie night?
http://i.imgur.com/vI5Yh.jpg
CCCP, some of us actually value life.
2 minutes
there a silly picture to compensate
Hey Guys... Did I miss something
I officially hate watermelon.
Hey Brony_90
hey guys has saberspark ever streamed here?
MELON!
1 MINUTE TILL IMPACT
Brony_90: Nothing of consequence.
Kandarihu valuing your own life is more selfish than anything ever
Movienight?
awesome Wrek /)
GAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!
1 MINUTE! ^^
Vivix: yep :)
moving along
IT'S SATURDAY MORNING!
Ooh I saw it last night-
lets give it a shot, somepony ping me please
:)
This is the second day in a row I've cut myself while cutting watermelon, lol.
well, the ponies and first movie
its 2:00 pm for me
Apple_jack,
Apple_jack: :)
ok it works thanks
19:58
me too
awesome
:)
*IMPACT!!!111!!!111!!!!!*
Saturday Morning?! .... I´m from germany... in my time it´s 8 pm..
rdibp: i dont liek history either *blocks who anypony who attacks*
!!!!11!1!!!111
20 minutes left ;~;
CCCP, I didn't specify my own life. There's nothing noble about sacrificing the lives of innocent people to "solve problems"
I'm in austrailia
0 MINUTES LEFT I CANT WAIT
It is a basic instinct to value your own life
im in wisconsin
Iain: oi there mate :) ...jk
Kandarihu, right you are
05yes this'll be great once its done
05anyways
05stream should be ninjad any minute now
its 12:59pm or 1:00pm where im at
LOL :D
Movie time
05if it hasnt already
05enjoy movie night all!
history is an important science if you want to understand human behaviour beyond the political zeitgeist of the week
Back in time for the movies.
05im hitting the hay.
Kandarihu being noble is irrelevant, humans and all life are just an infection and we must stop it soon.
Movie night!
i like math better
thanks for standin' still wanka!
Take care Wrek
goodnight @Wrek hope ya finish AJ
Wrek ur text makes me think of darth vader and bai
CCCP: Survival is an instinct.
05oh also Kandarihu. i got give 2 shits about what peopel say about ym country, cause it doesnt affect me none.
Good bye, Wrek
Thanks for the Stream, Wrek
Iain: :D
good night Wrek
why is it called EURO movie night??
And what the hell kind of discussion have I stumbled across?
Wrek, do you like anthro alot?
Wrek night
Euro Movie Night?
Sov Godt Wrek
05Brony_90: becasue its earlier than the normal movie night on fridays
Brony_90: because it is euro
Cya Wrek!
05but the content is the same
Brony_90: cuase it's for european viewers :)
bye Wrek
CCCP this is weird. Humans won the war for this planet. They deserve their place.
Kammerjunk whats the point of caring about it though?
Brony_90: As it is earlier so euro people don't have to stay up
bye Wrek :)
05its to make sure us europeans doesnt have to stay up to 6am
bye Wrek
what movie is it?
ok.. thx:)
bye Wrek
DJ_POn-3: hover the hedge
Bye Wrek
Hello there, everypony.
oh ok
Thanks for stream wrek , epic as allways :)
hey SpeedyBolt
GODDAMMIT THAY HAVE ADS THAT TALK NOW!! :[
hi SpeedyBolt :)
Heya SpeedyBolt
I usually stay up till 6am anyways :P
DaringDerpy yeah i remember the great human Mammoth war. Nah we dont dererve this at all, we deserve nothing.
Brony_90: it's 20:00 in central europe now
Hey SpeedyBolt
let me get my rainbow dash hoodie on its cold in hear
*here
Hi!
rdibp, adblock bro, its awesome
CCCP: I don't get the question.
Heya GigabitHarmonie :)
CCCP: we ate them all :)
this comic...each time http://i.imgur.com/DJhEX.jpg
damnit brony state i was playing a game
tasty mammoths
thge fuck
rdibp: Adblock Plus is your very best friend
:)
d3rb: then sites like youtube wont get money :(
Who here has a TF2 account?
Hello MaxTheBrony! :)
so
there we go
I have 1
CCCP: An instinct is an innate (typically fixed) pattern of behaviour. That's why.
so
Kammerjunk i forget what were talking about
ohai poner pepple
To those coming in, today we have Over The Hedge, Stare Master, D-Wars (Rifftrax...again hopefully), and Hearth's Warming Eve
thats not your problem rdibp thats their problem
EURO MOVIE NIGHT 2 MINUTES AGO!?
CCCP: Yeah, it's usually kind of hazy for me too.
'Specially this time of day.
my chat derped :P
my video wont work
I have no idea what you were talking about
when start the movie?
:P
Over the Hedge, feels an honor to rewatch
who's gonna stream next? :)
rdibp: If you want YouTube to get money you can turn off Ad Blocker on it. Just get it for here and diable it on sites you want to get the ad money
video not working grr
DaringDerpy: I usually don't.
Dani: it should start now
the music is still running, so the stream is fine
I want to catch the new Dr. Who is on in a bit, goodbye everyone :)
ohai ponies who are regulars on this site
nope.avi
bye MLP_Brovakiin :)
MLP_Brovakiin: Don't let Dari catch you saying that.
MLP_Brovakiin: YOU GET TO WATCH IT EARLY???
NO FAIR!
MLP_Brovakiin: see ya bro
HURUMPH
Urgh.
Hi, dari.
poor dabi, doctor 11 everywhere
I still have to catch up to the current season before joining in with the new Dr Who...
test
brohoof /)
...
it will be on the usual stream sites tomorrow morning...eu time
my stream is like loading forever.. whats wrong?
buffering,buffering,buffering :(
16 minutes ;~;
anyone know when the movie will start?
SET PHASERS TO HUUUG!
will they make another season of torchwood?
FlutterMEDIC: In i minutes.
FlutterMEDIC in 2000 years
k *sets phaser*
I don't regonize any of these nicks... Except for rdibp, evening.
i wish we could see the new doctor who episode in here :)
PONY: evening old chap
hai PONY
also, Sergio_Scriptor
Its buffering!
heloo PONY: how are you /me
and that guy
unfortunatly this is bronystate,not Whooviantsta
what movie is playing?
I wish we could watch a Rifftrax Doctor Who
btw, this is awesome: https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-vkBQpINx6dY/UEJKLK-z6gI/AAAAAAAAEu0/2b9yuu6QyQU/s1600/PinkiesSpinningCupcakes.png
/me sorry
Right now on my Televison Star wars a new hope is on
rdibp: hover the hedge
Over The Hedge
why is it bufferind for forevah?!!
If something is in the quantity of the square root of -1, is it plural?
any news about Fluettershy's server?
Seems there must be a delay in getting it started
I LOVE THAT MOVIE !!!!!11!!!!
load movie load
Yeah, Over the Hedge is pretty good.
muffin cloud
TACTICAL MOVIE INBOUND!
Ian, what chanal?
WOOOOOOOOOOOO BUMPER CARS
no movie for you!
:'(
Iai: that was on yesterday over here
:( is it movie night?
FlutterMEDIC: Yes. Yes, it is.
CCCP yep
broken link is broken
NO MOVIE FOR U!!!
huh
D:
Just be patient guys
JESmith oh okay
why wont it load :[
No one panic please
y u no work movie!?
They must be late getting started that's all
05seems like someone is runnign late
try again, Rex_Mundi
05oh well
my old foe buffering... we meet again
Rex_Mundi ah link's broken, but I know it's Cadance
05know that it wil lstart in due time
Rex_Mundi: You didn't put a space between .jpg and <3, you silly filly. But yes, it's an awesome pic.
HIT THE PANIC BUTTON
so...how about that weathwer amiright!?
05freakign out will only get you killed
hi Wrek
Yeah weather ...
:O
/me shuts up
Be wary of the Wrek.
in sweden we got some strange weather.
stream some random stuff
Nah don't panic guys it'll be up when whoever's streaming gets here
I just relized somthing.
/me @Wrek: true
they ken smell ur fear ...... ._.
D'aww that Cadence
/me doesn`t want to die
cute
Rex_Mundi aww
Who is the best pony?!
All
Rex_Mundi: daw dat Cadance
allpony
/me has done nothing productive today :3
Where in the world is Fl00tersh41 :\
And then I started thinking about if Wrek is the plural of Wrek. Silly brain, why you do that.
RAINBOW DASH /)^3^(\
n/a is best pony
Everypony is best pony... even cleverbot says
SHCOOL STARTS IN # DAYZ!!!!!!!!!1111!!!!!!
NNOOOO
43
3
Cyclops is best pony.
7 hours till new doctor who :[
dont pay attention to this channel link if you are younger than 18... #brony
btw who is supposed to stream today? Just curious, not complaining.
hi everypony
rdibp, it's in 12 minutes?
Iain: my school started already :P
kermahn nao
INB4 kicked for advertising.
Dat advertisinf
3 days until i must be put into that place they call a school again
6:51:20 for me
rdibp dont you mean doctor whooves
Iain: my school started like 4 weeks ago
yeah this nick name sucks back to quick thinker
much better
Iain: iceewatudidar
why the stream is buffering?
Hey where iz movie?
im spendin my last free days with u guys
Heya Katalenic :)
its sown atm
why not
we get signal
down**
Infinite Buffering...
who's streaming?
what you say
the comic is awesome
ITS YOU
Magical_Pablez94: no one
Katalenic: Because they're running late
Batman got the streamer... we are looking for a new one. For Justice!
Relax, stream is coming back any minute now :)
http://i.imgur.com/DJhEX.jpg this one
and then the day the streaming stopped... it was a sad day indeed.
TAKE OFF EVERY ZIGG
Sumica any news about Fluttershy's server?
I would wanna be on the stream sometime
Why won't my phone coonnect to any of the other channels on PonyChat?
move zig move zig
maybe they've got to fix some last minute difficulties
DaringDerpy: I love this and I want it to have all my money.
probobly cuz itsa phone
PillowPoni: the side rooms are not open yet
Rustymeat, what you say?!
my phone wont connect at all
Scootaloo is liking this idea.
Again people be patient. Movie Night should start when whoever's streaming gets here
...gives me time to check if my muffins are ready <3
i wish my ps3 was in here so i could play mass effect 2 until the movie started...
05gotta love when people run late
Sergio_Scriptor: not side rooms, channels on the ponychat network
PONY the chicken
Kammerjunk: all would be a bit much, but yes, it deserves support
Wup.
Yup*
PillowPoni: oh,i dont know :\
It has been to long Bronystate
I shall continue to play Starforce until somebody gets here
Wrek any news about FLuttershy server?
DaringDerpy: All my mone!
money*
Holla everypony! :)
holla GilDash
hey GilDash
holla GilDash
hi GilDash :)
i want my hedge :(
EY GilDash
leaves no money for the other stuff, Kammerjunk
Hai der GilDash
I want my Hammy
My jimmies are ready
:U
PonyromPR: my phone connects to this channel perfectly fine
hello GilDash
ALL OF IT, I tell you!
O hai GilDashie, enjoying the wave of pings?
gotta make some tea and grab a beer, since movie haven't started yet
Gentlecolts..........................A Red Spy is in the stream.
0_0
SpeedyBolt: wana go find his nuts ? :)
buffffferrrriiing
/me spychecks
YES
just poured meself a litre glass of das bier.
*Puts on pyro mask and spy checks*
Lets go help him find his nuts :3
Hi, everypony...
intruder alret! RED DEMOMAN IN THE BASE!!!
hello Fluttershy-pony
hey Fluttershy-pony
/me hands muffins to everypony
Hi Fluttershy
yeah :D
Main screen turn on.
SUMICA
wat
lol
hi Fluttershy-pony
Oh hi Sumica :P
oh dear
god that scared me
shock approach
Hi fluttershy-pony
Coward killing time
Hi Sumica
more kick! all the distorted kicks!
:3
Hey there Sumica
PONY: I keep forgetting I have cider... oh, and holla! :)
yadadadadadadadadadadadada
awwww yeah :P
How is everypony?
<
my favorite part of the anthology only lasted 2 seconds....
yay
oh thism video :)
AM I TOO LATE?
Best way to bbegin Movie night ?! :DDD
we didn't have this one for a while
Creepy as always
I'M BACK
00,10ohhi
Dark92Enigma: nope :3
dat song
nope dark your on time
YEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Dark92Enigma you're just in time
Hai sumica :o
I love this song.
I love this
:3
edgar allan poe
when pinkie sang "with arms wide open" by creed....
Hello I came back for the movie
MOVIE, Y U NO START!?
Dark92Enigma: Nope, you just missed everything.
the funny thing is that i sneezed just as it started up
whats this song?! megusta!!
You've ruined science.
YAY, just in time for the movie night! :D
I'll show thee the way
GilDash, I bet that's still the same cider as two weeks ago :P
00,10sorry for the late start.
rdibp: patience little grasshopper :)
Kammerjunk: >_> TROLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLO
Star Wars be on. Ima watch that since I can't watch stream.
Airing Hoocus Poocus sometime soon would be a nice idea.
http://shockro.tumblr.com/post/30370939631/the-cover-and-first-comic-in-the-my-little-pony
:P
dis song
What is this song?
holy crap what is this...did i come back online to early?
Dat dancing
Brony_90: come little children
rdibp: Because Sumi's finally here and this is how he begins his movie streams
hush now quiet now
DERPDERPDERPDERP, participate in the lottery and put that movie in Movie A
PONY: You mean two months ago, right? :D
This is my new song with lady gaga Fluttershy-pony
Hey Sumica. I wanted to talk to you earlier, but because of more recent controversy, it's problably better that I not bring it up.
this music is so hypnotizing @_@
00,10soon this animatic will be done
dis song is just... /)^3^(\
Fluttershy-pony: Come Little Children
/me is away: LUNCH! cya later!
just going to say it now while i was sleeping i had dream similar cept it ended with me geting stabbed with a sword :l
:P:P:P:P:P:P:P:P:P:P looks better than on skype or facebook :P
Sumica, is this yours?
00,10Pm is fine if you want Kandarihu
You mean the animation?
00,10I wish rdibp
TEMME!!!!!!!!!!!!!
00,10I am nowhere this skilled
@_@ I'm hypnotised
this sounds nightmare nightish
GilDash, FINALLY I found out about a Berlin meeting that will take's it's place next weekend, and after that there's Finnish Nightmare night in October... I'm travelling again apparently.
This is Kate Covington's cover,right?
time to play this over black ops lobbies MUHAHAHAHAHAHAHA >:L
berlin... again to far from where i live...
Quick_Thinker: :D
this reminds me of that story about a woman who lives on the moon and takes naughty children away....no srsly hispanic legend
:O
Minecraft music on Spotify. B3
this song is hypnotizing me...
<3*
nooooo
and some just screamed YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS in the lobby XD
i like this song so much ...
PONY: How you get through those flights in one pice, buddy. Unless you're traveling by land, in which case, same hope anyhow. :)
<3
YEEESSSHHHHH
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I am in Berlin....where is this meeting and when?
:)
i shall never sleep again master luna @_@
TACTICAL MOVIE INBOUND!
PillowPoni: ! :)
brony state DUN DUN DUN!
;)
WAHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
INB4 BRUCE WILLIS as a RACOON
Yay...
JHJKDSFH:FDFD:KH
Dark92Enigma: wat
YESYESYESYEYSSYSYEYSYEYSEYSEYSEYYSEYSEY
Here we go :)
SERY
Movie time :D
what movie?
wha? bruce wilis was in this?
\o/
over the hedge
Ohh dreamworks movie
been a long time since I've seen this movie
THE MOVIE
hi Dreamworks logo
I LOVE THIS MOVIE
yay
so.. Lets Do this.. LEEEEEROOYYYY
Main screen turn on!
Over the Hedge
YYEYEEES
Kammerjunk: Wait for it....
And it begins
GigabitHarmonie! *fluffs and glomps*
oh
/me hugs PillowPoni.
:O
FAVORITE MOVIE OF ALL TIME
RAGE
What's this?
Dat rage
Dark92Enigma: Oh right, he's the voice actor, isn't he?
mmm nachos
oh my ,he was in this
Over The Hedge
RAGE QUIT MAKE US ALL HAPPY
oooo banana
Kammerjunk: CORRECT!
we need more side rooms :3
GilDash, haven't yet figured out the best way to travel... For once, I might have time to consider every alternative. But, everything will cost more than travelling to England for some bloody reason.
MadSurge: Over the Hedge
Ah, yeah. I remember this. I think.
Nom
go AWAY AD FOR FREE SHOESSSSSSSSSS
:3
Dat improvisation
LOL
PONY: In that case, come back to England. XD
ohai ponies who are regulars on this site
OMG ITS A RACOON
lol... close your eyes for doubled fun :DDD
RJ is so cute :3
BULLSHIT
I don't need free shoes....GO AWAY AD
whos the voice?
For those who missed the front page message, today's lineup is Over The Hedge, Stare Master, D-Wars (Rifftrax because the movie's so bad), and Hearth's Warming Eve
robotdragon9: motion aproved
vincent price?
Fun fact: Gene Wilder was offered a prominent role in this film, but declined.
=D
Wish he was in it, really.
/me hugs random ponies
Gene Wilder: i thought he died before this?
yeah a golf club can break a machine SURE IT CAN *raises eyebrow*
this movie is okay
I miss Fl00TERSH41 in here :'(
did it just start?
GilDash, when ever you guys are going to have a bit bigger meetup (I guess that could be the season opening time, if they announce it early enough for preparations).
yep
/me hugs Malk
Yeah
Malk: hugs back
rdibp: Aw hell naw.
and on 1am cest gigabit and two others make some show
rusty your just in time
Rustymeat: yep
at
rdibp: He's alive and kicking.
DA BEARS
soooo many comments, i cant even read them all lol
this reminds me of sly cooper...
DAT FOOD
HES STILL ALIVE!?!?!
:O
Im definatly a Hugger I Lovese me some HUGS
and im pllaying this over game lobbies in black ops
And suddenly, it's a heist movie
Yeah! 79 years old.
rdibp: Gene Wilder is dead? Since when?
for the fun of it of course
G'day!
SORRY EVERYONE
:O the bear
Oh thank god
GODDAMNIT.-
PONY: Honestly, I don't know myself. I keep getting hints from someone to join UKoE and actually attend, but haven't gotten to it so far... so maybe in the future.
GET FLUTTERSHY QUICK!!!!!!
I MISSED THE START.
I was going to say... how the hell did I miss his death.
TAKE what you need..............I WANT IT, NEED IT!!!!!!!!!
Sneak LVL 100
Sure did, FlutterMEDIC
:D
ALL OF IT
:D
So much caps o_o
get the PONY TOYS
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII NEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT
he needs it all
I NEED ITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
nice
and he doesnt wake up after this
Just what you need!
GilDash, for some reason I'm a member there at least.
seriosuly, I don't picture bruce wilis fro mthis racoon
Hi!
TAKE AAAAALLLLLL THE FOOD
PRINGLES
SPUDIES
SpeedyBolt: He's a bear!
SPUDDIES
GREEEEEEEEEEEEEEED
what kind of animal is this rodent?
STEAL ALL THE FOOD *MEME*
a weasel?
Prin-i mean; Spuddies!
Raccoon.
Raccoon
he sure needs a lot
A raccoon
oh
Sst.
DaringDerpy I see no rodents
FLUTTERSHY QUICK!!
WAKE UP
DaringDerpy: a raccoon
PONY: I'm 99% certain that BState is the only way I've interacted with any member of the community online. :D
RUN LIKE HELL.
of course
soda can
RUN.
Call Fluttershy!
we don't have these here
sound from chips WAHT
Them not-Pringles
fluttershi.....HALP
yeah hes pretty dumb
Ohai RJ, Imma kill you.
well we all know we should call trixie to deal with this bear
family of one :)
Quick_Thinker: he sure likes the Not-Pringles
Fluttershy snap its neck snap its neck :[
:O
Smooth
somepony quick go get twilight!
SLOW
YOU DONE GPPFED UP
GilDash, except obviously at BUCK
Lol
DED....................
ah butterbiscuts
What's up, bronies? :)
3...2..1...
brb
*DENIED*
SMACK
Ded.
:D:D
you gonna die
YAY
he collects volleyballs and plays seashells
DEEEEED
FUCK
hi Rainbow_Glasses :)
Nick Nolte is best Bear
REDDER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lies
damnit RJ
Hello my petit bunnies, how are you all doing today!? I'm doing great and I love you all!
PONY: That wasn't online though, was it? And the only online streaming bit I did *was* on BState. XD
Specific.
putty?
ON MY LIST!!!! gotta be blue?
i want mai spuddies!!!!
to be honest i would run as far as i could run
Spuddies
GilDash, fair enough.
product placement
in the week he gives
With a Spuddie, enough isnt enough.
>_>
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Where is Fluttershy when you need her u.u
Krabby spuddies
buffering
Buffering the moon
MIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIPS
>Half moon
YES
sure >_>
When that moon is buffering, I'm waking up.
WHEN LUNA RAISES THE FULL MOON
dat moon is not right
Hi, everypony!
seriously RJ you have a week TO RUN FOR YOUR LIFE RJ
Kammerjunk, lol
hai Twilight-Sparkle
He wont wake up for a week.
go to russia in that week
Technically, RJ couldve stolen a plane.
:)
oh hi Twilight-Sparkle :)
ill get it soon....um...if thats ok with u....
all over spuddies.
He's like that guy from Taken.
BUFFER
it froze :/
i will find you and i will kill you
week head start of running away> over getting all the food
good luck tracking him to russia
Man has his priority's straight
"I WILL find you... And I WILL kill you."
Lmao
SON OF A-------------------
HA
Fall
how is a bear going to track him down
:D
so much lolz
In Soviet Russia, the Russia symbolizes Bear.
SONG TIME
troll machine
Everybody knows how much I love this song
:3
foooood
song
tactical song inbound
dat song :)
ded
Yeah get Fluttershy in. Amusingly enough Lesson Zero was streamed here earlier today (Sumi's more or less doing Hub streams now to gear up for S3)
clever way to use title drop
see RAWRity, if you'd payed attention to that last night you'd know why he doesn't just run away
Title!
I'm hun gery
/me Cause i know i always have my family.................OF ME
are ponies over the hedge?
How is everypony?
maybe
IS RANDY NEWMAN SINGING THIS
BRUCE WILLIS?!
Bruce Willis
EY twilight!!!
William Shanter
shatner :o
TOLD YA
it's bruuuce
:P
Avril
Dark92Enigma Ben Folds
Yes, Bruce Willis as RJ
i didnt blevie you guys when you siad bruce: guess i need to beluve more often
Creative credits are creative
be right back gonna make lunch
Omid Djalili! idk who that is
shatner is the possum dad
avril lavigne?
O.o wait Bruce willis?
Hmm, the music was suiting the mood until the singing began.
El Rancho Canterlot...
squirrel*
/me Cause i know i always have my family.......................OF ME
BAM
thousands of identical houses
TANK
RJ for The Mercenaries 3
william shatner, bruce willis and avril lavinge ._.
"Little boxes on the hillside..."
Kammerjunk: be careful... you might get people spoling.
Actually, he doesn't have a shell in 6 places, head, tail, and legs.
wheres rainbow dash?
well someone already figured it out in the black ops lobby its over the hedge CONGRATS XBOX LIVE
PONY: Oh, it's fine.
So beautiful...
WHAT IS THIS PLACE FILLED WITH SO MANY WONDERS?!
Apple_jack over the rainbow
Then again, this IS DreamworkS
WINTER WRAPPED UP
THERES SO LITTLE TIME
Hi, Apple_jack!
PONY: Oh, that thing. I didn't really say what happens, though.
Winter wrap up
WINTER HAS BEEN WRAPPED UP
:p
oh howdy Twilight-Sparkle
snaaaaaaakes
But yeah, I get your point.
Fl00tersh41: oh hi there :)
ohai mane six
Lucky aminals, only working for half a year.
Sergio_Scriptor: Yo
Ghetto Stella.
Cause today the Spring is here!
SpeedyBolt I forgot , do they dance at the end?
got awoken by Fluttershy?!
Who is playing Avril?
XD
Fl00tersh41: are the side rooms open ?
Oh hai Twilight-Sparkle !!!!!!!!! <3
They do things, but I dont think they dance
Whis avril playing*
Stella is best character
she doesn't even know what a room is yet
I don't think so
Kammerjunk, you didn't, but you provoked some to try say something.
Spike.
spike?
Spike?LOL
pony pokey
Twilight-Sparkle: bring back memories of wrapping up last years winter? xD
SPIKE!
Kammerjunk... in a way.
PONY: I did?
puns , puns everywhere
ySpike is in this?Awesome!
Glomped
:D
Gee, i wonder why they call him Spike?
Yeah, it did!
but this is dreamworks, you can;t have a dreamworks movie without a dance ending
/me WINTER WRAP UP, WINTER WRAP UP!!
Oh hai Avril
Heather is best possum.
^
ded
hammy!!!!
ded.
SpeedyBolt: This.
HAMMY
That possum has a huge-ass head.
dat hyperactive squirrel
ded
Oh is that avril?
i was starting to feel disapoited for not seeing you here :$
yes
i do it all the time
We die, so we live.
Logic
Fuck it
That's deep.
avril lavigne is best possum
Wow
/me head explodes
Yep, it's Shattner
WE DIE......so we could.........LIVE!
^
:O
Gasp.
strong independant black woman
the hedge
6_9
Aliens!
The skunk is a sassy black woman?
FOOD
Yup.
its Shatner playing an exageration of Shatner
SirGanjalf: I'M gonna make a Shatner joke later on
whos the tortise?
and then deth
LAWL
Dat intenseness
VERN
I used to have a teacher who looked and sounded like
so wait spike VA is in this? who is it?
whats the squirrels name?!
Shatner
i have an idea
Hi! ^^
MadSurge: Racist? idk....
FORGERS
*zing*
ALL THE WAY TO THE TO´P
Brony_90: hummy
FOOD
I used to have a teacher who looked and sounded like Shatner
Brony_90: Hammy
Hammy is Pinkie and RD.
lets find out which baby porcupine is spike
wat?
Pinkie Dash
ah euro movie night i see
that squirrels a few shotguns short of a wedding
Spikes VA ?!
:O:O:O:O:O
SpeedyBolt: eeyip
The WALL
DA WALL:O
Apple_jack hahaha
SpeedyBolt you right
*eeyup
DAT WEEIRD THING
Heya
Brony_90, no Cathy isn't in there
its da fourth wall
alien obelisk
the 4th wall
Fun fact: The forest side of the hedge is based on the hedge in front of the building where Dreamwork's studio is.
Dat wall...
The Seve :O
I don't think she's in there anyway
I already hate the squirrel
Almost like in Game of Thrones...
IT NEVER ENDS!!!
Kammerjunk, is it also tall?
IT NEVER ENDS
/me IT NEVER ENDS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.................
He's the FLASH!
gotta go fast!
Kandarihu: It's about 7 feel tall.
Bet it holds back the White Walkers
but will it blend
gotta dash!!!
Sonic the Squirrel
the heck is that squirrel is on?
lawl i've seen this :)
Ah, I see.
Twilight-Sparkle: did you bring pinkie pie with you? we can use her to break that wall!
gotta go fast
He's all the wrong ways to make a hyper character
okay so it circles arounf then or does it go on forever?
Sadly, she's nt here.
:S
Steeeeve
WUT DU U WANT
Trixie's cousin.
ded
/me Perhaps, dear boy, if I deduce a little bit more, my acting will become a little bit more Shatner.
OKAY! :I
Steave it got me :D
AAA
:p
Dark92Enigma: BAH GAWD A'MIGHTY YOU MAY BE RIGHT
ded
Ayayay!
AYAYAAAAAAAAY
:O
dat skunk had an epic pose
Brave man
:O
Dun dun DUUUN
Hey, where's Fluttershy?
..lol the shed
Rainbow_Glasses: *tortoise
question
:(
ITS ALL THE SAME
is the pronounced Dah or Dee?
ded
:O
"Little boxes, on the hillside..."
Quick_Thinker: :d indeed
there goes a brave tortoise
"what is this place..."with so many wonders XD
A lot of copying and pasting.
ded
fella
hai
Nice lawn ornament.
nice kata
SirGanjalf: Same thing
THE SHED!!! ITS FLUTTERS SHED"" :D
You know for RJ his throne color should be gold and red
Let's go bowlin
i liek turtlez
my average morning
ded
i put up with this every day
KNIFE to meet you!
DJ_POn-3: me too :P
Azuredragon: totally my point
Lol!
this is a dangerous neighborhood
Brony_90: hey hey hey stay out of my shed
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa....
aim for the knee
oh the odds
BITCH
pikorar Win
KNIFE to meet you, but now FORK off!
Average driver right there.
:D
Makes sense.
SirGanjalf: Do ho ho.
JUST DRIVING........:D
casting its spell of death SQUIRALLS IN THIER TRESS AND THE CUTE DEAD... bunieess and the humans WITH THIER CARS CARSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSs
:P
my sound is glitching
sorry:$
Never let a woman drive :D
Lay down and die.
oh what a scary placce and i owe it all to the human race
Cool! I missed this movie yesterday! :)
JK
Shouldve died
dat god light
so they built an entire neighborhood in the winter?
his voice actor isnt that good
JUST KIDDING
twilight_sprinkle: prety much :P
lol
idk
The berry bushes were only on that side of the forrest.
Hi God
i miss my home its all gone and i wish they would just pack up and leav YESS I HATE HUMANSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSs
:P
yes it is
RJ
rdibp: The turtle?
inb4 nacho rainboom
^
take cover
rdibp no spoilers
rdibp: you're making me hungry
and thats my song of so many wonders... what do you guys think?
Quick_Thinker, have you considered not hating?
Surrounded
You're all fucked.
Sonic Nachoboom
we had a study that came to the conclusion that urban areas have a higher animal diversity than forests
twilight-sprinkle HOME IMPROVEMENT would call BULLSHIT on that one
:O
YOU ARE HERE <---------
ALL THE WAY TO THE TOP
FOOD OUT THE WAZOO
yeah i love the sonic nacho boom that shit was great
<3
FOOD
That moment when you realize what a Wazoo is.
wazoo food
kandarihu its my version of so many wonders
FOOD FOOD FOOD
LOAD$A FOOD
Twitcha Twitch
Fun fact: When RJ is searching through his bag, he some times throws an audio CD out. It's a John Tess CD which apparently sold for 10 cents.
WAZOO is best FOOD
Quick_Thinker, I know.
Twitchy twitch
gentlemen.
PINKIESENSE!!!!
PINKIE SENSE
Vern is Pinkie
Kammerjunk: :D
Shits gonna fall
its just for fun
Dat Tortoise Sense
This is making me hungry.
LOAD$A FOOD
Tactical Cheese Inbound
Oh here it comes
duck and cover
Twitch twitchy twitcha twitch
fuck it im making popcorn some coffe and grabbing some chips
3....2.....1.......
A SONIC NACHOBOOM
Yup.
00,10I want a bag of those
NACHO NUKE!
NOT...............INTERESTED
HE DID IT, HE DID IT
BOOOOMM
:O
and then everyone died
mother of god
WOOO
wat
magic!
Dat cheeto dust
oh wow
SONIC NACHOBOOM
now i'm hungry
BEHOLD, THE POWER OF CHEESE
and many died a cheesy death
Quick_Thinker: me 2
sonic cheez boom
MSG.
And then they each have a massive heart attack and die.
this movie makes me hungry
Cocaine, got it
robotdragon9: :D
NOT CHO CHEESE
Cheesy !
MSG FTW
AND LSD
because its not yo cheese
They have awesome deliciousness and I !??! -.... am eating salad...
So effin pretty <3
I MADE GOLD AGAIN
take a look
and a leithel dose of sianied
XylemTube: They're mine, NOT CHO's!
WELCOME TO CANTERLOT
at the gala!
Quick_Thinker, sorry for censoring you.
It's always greener.
Dat grass is greener :D
that's gonna be..the best night ever!
Brony_90: Load the salad with cheddar and put a gob of Thousand Island that'll make it taste good
Hey RJ your the king of the world of raccoons
Dark Canterlot will be diffently better then this place
no welcome cloudsdale
RJ is a troll.
Bruce Willis is responsible for these shenanigans.
JESUS RACCON
jesus raccoon
I CAN WALK
this racoon is magic
I knew it! RJ is Jesus!
im just lazy
1
Gladysss
raccoon city
SUV
also Humans suck
:D
Logic
:O
THERE WERE FLOATS THERE
I can walk
GLadys :D
AHHHHHHHHHH!!!!! HER!
GLaDYS?
BonyHepSits, no we don't
Human Been
is that the same voice as Fairy Godmother?
ded
Continue testing.
._.
Dat small
ive had my share of licks,,,
Tried that...I got smacked
Sweet jesus
2.5 inches!? BLASHPHEMY!
Kandarihu humans are the most vile and sick creatures in existence
I'm a couch potato.
Does this movie predate Portal?
THIS bit <3
WHAT'S IN THE BOOOOOOOOOOOX
BonyHepSits, no we aren't
pinkie pie hole
Inb4 Food spam
COACH POTATO :D
KAndarihu I'm afraid you are
WE ARE THE FOOD
They Drive the food, they Wear the food!!
MURIKA
ded
MURIKA
dat...dat...dat...stop saying dat D=
ded
TEACH ME MORE :D
FOOD = 42
Food
Food food food
FOOOOOOOOOOOOD
GOD COOKS FAT FOODS FOR THEE
:D
mmmm food
Food, Fooood, FOOD!!!
FFFFFFFOOODOOODDDD
Deja vu
Food sales must have went up 20% after this movie came out'
Food-ception
they stuff turtles with candy!
my life in a nutshell
FOOD FOOD FOOD FOOD FOOD FOOD FOOD FOOD FOOD FOOD FOOD FOOD FOOD FOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD!!!!!
mmmmmmmmmmmmmm nutshell
FOOD FOOD FOOD
GLaDYS has achieved her euphoria. Continue eating.
BonyHepSits, you're saying that about yourself too, and everyone else here. We're all humans here.
Kandarihu I'm afraid you are
Im hungry....
NEVER ENOUGH
Never enuff food!
ew
Kandarihu on here everyones a pony
YAY *eats*
yuck
SWEET JEEPERS
IN THE GARBAGE
JACKPOT!
Welcome to murica
I just had pizza so I'm not food
BonyHepSits, in reality, we're humans.
Kandarihu you must be new here
Food out the butt.
Eeww
*hungry :D
Oh you think food's just going to fall right out of the sky! "WE'RE FALLING RIGHT OUT OF THE SKY, WE'VE GOT TO DROP THE LOAD!" Problem solved.
Anypony want Pinkie to bring cupcakes?
BonyHepSits: i am proud to be a Brony
Don't hate, diapers taste good.
So........those are the most clean GARBAGE CANS i have ever seen
Dat Foreshadow
no not the cupcakes
:O
Stick with me
BonyHepSits, I've been here for over 4 months.
WHAT'S IN THE BOOOOOOOOOOOX
!
THE TURRET
POOT
what movie is this?
AHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!
And uou'll never go hungry again!!
INTRUDAHS
CAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT
german kittie incoming
dat accent
CAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT
RED SPY IS IN A BASE!!!!
A french cat
Stormtrooper aim
CAAAAAAAT CAAAAAAAAT CAAAAAAT
I JUST MOPED THIS PATIO
Announcer is pissed
brony_90 lol
Ravebrony: :D
Patty-O!
CAAAAAAAAAT CAAAAAAAAAT CAAAAAAT
mopped a patio?
FUS_RO_yay: over the hedge
Annnnnnnd no answer to y question.
DAT CAT IS A SPAH
suddenly she pulled a broom out of her pocket?
Ded.
Kandarihu and yet you still don't seem to understand how it works, on here there are no humans, only ponies, and a discord
ovaryacted
fus_ro_yay over the hedge
/me hugs Twilight-Sparkle
also griffens but they are kind of mean
/me hugs twilight_sprinkle
twilight_sprinkle: or out of the wazoo :D
Aww! :$
DONUTS
And Zebras
DO NOTS
lol
/me nomz CCCP :3
OH COME OOOOOOOON
But... DA FOOD:O
A bag...SUPER HIGH TECH
CCCP brohuuf /)
BonyHepSits, how long have you been here? This is the first time I've even noticed anyone here with your nick.
Shit.
I mean, they constantly change there minds all the time
Iain (\
and the timber wolfs... pro tip don't light timber wolfs on fire
:'(
Deadlypon2: Guess you could say they're... a bunch of sheep.
Hey guys, just a warning
kandarihu I go by many nicks, I've been here since last october
oh yeah CCCP
This next scene might scare you.
Goodnight John Boy
:O
Good, now you wont be.
RAPE
goodnight red spy
ded
UR R DED NUT BIG SUPRIZ
SpeedyBolt: how
This is so muddafahkin creepy !!!!
ded, movie over
Quick_Thinker: But lighting them on fire makes them so much more fun...
Dont know
It always scared me.
NOM
nightmare
huh
Times ticking R.J.! Time. Is. TICKING!
Oh look
COOKIES
The snooty girlscouts.
DAT DREAM
that was yummy
FOOOOOOOOOOD
GIRL SCOUTS
I want a cupcake...
BARK
Bark is actually good.
@pikorar ... you mean CLOCK is tickinf
THE NATURAL ENEMY OF NATURE
spike wants a donut!
ew
what.
pizza lol
hold the sprinkles
lolwut?!
The corruption is succesful...
Bark is delicious :)
EAT THE HOUSE
mmmm bark
BonyHepSits, well, you sound like you're at one of the more dangerous levels of the furry fandom, with all the misanthropy. I don't see that in most of the bronies here.
some more human history humans used to own much of our planet but they went something called nuclear and now all thats left is books and some other stuff
My throat hurts just thinking about it.
Sounds good ;)
OK i'm sorry Sumica......just pulled off a page from the Nostalgia Critic CAAAAAAAAAAAAT
Sergio_Scriptor: It IS high in fiber
ewww
ive tried it its pretty good....
JUST EAT THE GRASS TURTLE
Good for your digestion
:I
yay
dem crunch sounds
We love ponies, but we don't identify ourselves as ponies.
Fl00tersh41: indeed :D
00,10um ok
fuck?
crispy
They're slowly eating Fluttershy! D:
FFFamily
you can get splinters in your mouth
Hey everypony :)
did you hear the yay
OH GOD, pikorar IS RIGHT
Fffffsteak?
did i hear a yay?
firetruck
Hi CiderIsForDrinking! I love you!
YOU'RE EATING FLUTTERSHY!!!!!!
Fun?
The Weedhacker :(
THE WEEDHACKER
THE WEEDHAKER =c
Kandarihu well most of us agree that we are ponies and humans are bad
Kandahiru: but I identify myself as a pony
pikorar <3
HAAAAAAAXXXX
THEY'RE ARE EATING FLUTTERSHY
CiderIsForDrinking:Hi
:(
points to those who got my reference
okay THEY HAVE CLEARLY NEVVER SEEN HUMANS YET THEY KNOW A WEEDHACKER HUMAN TECCH
:(
His face made me lol
:'(
DA WEEDHACKER:O
DAMN YOU WEEDHACKERS
Kandahiru see DJ gets it
http://i3.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/000/799/Dr__Hax_by_Didgeridoo_Dealer.jpg
THE WEEDHACKER :'(
Not the weed hacker! I've spent months growing that weed!
He's ACTING!
hax?
Uncle Vern
uncle vern
DAT ACTING :D
Dat Con Artist
:O
Help him find his nuts.
the weedwacking hash slasher!
his nuts?
oh boy
you guys are so far awa from the movie :D
lol nuts
How bout no?
uncle vern :D
BUT I LIKE A COOKIE
THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID
YOU KNOW FOR KIDS
Very tempting...
BonyhepSits: thank you for agreeing
does that cookie have a bandaid?
A-da like the cookie!
:D
RJ is tempted by Hammy's mcnuggies
neener neeners
Hey hammy want a rooot beer
robotdragon9: the cookie had a band-aid
*mcnutties
I think RJ and Hammy have a closer relationship than everybody else.
o_0
Anypony want some cookies?
THE FOURTH WALL!!!!!
jumpscare:DDD
me!
i like the game based off this movie
PERSONAL SPACE INSANE SQUIRREL
/me YO QUIERO LA GALLETA
exploding faces
MFW I eat chocolate.
The game was awesome
Jussayin
rdibp: it was accurate to the story
his office is a drive way
rdibp: yeah the game was prety cool :)
Kandarihu basically this is not a place to be so serious
RJ wow
Yeah, rabbits are perfectly fine.
rape?
no
BonyHepSits, have you really been around Bronystate since last October? Or have you been to other similar services like Synctube?
yeah humans are rare in Equestria now there are few left but us ponies leave them be
Quick_Thinker: are you so far away,im still on the part where hammy fake he has rabies :P
A......B........C.........D......E.....F.....G....H
k
faceplant
Someone hasn't seen Night of the Lupus
slow typer
TRYING TOO HARD SQUIRREL
Kandarihu I really have
quick thinker though :D
IM A CRAZY RABID SQUIRREL
was that a syringe, the one of those things that he threw?
I WANT MY COOKIES
LOVE MEEEEEEE
Damn
DED
ded
cruelty
smeck
I'm Raaabiid!
COOKIES COOKIES COOKIES COOKIES
did that just explain in the book it can alter hte human brain damn
DOUBLE DED
ded
DED
MEDIC!
:O
Ded.
DOCTOR!
Pepper gas?
FLUTTERSHY WILL KILL YOU
TRIPLE DED
MY EEEEEEEEEEYEEEES
double KILL!
JA
i have the feel its later in my stream
Nekkid.
MEEEDIIIIIC
NAKED TURTLE
dat ass
dat flank
datass
:D
nekked
OH MY GOD THAT IS SO GROSS
BAD TOUCH!
dat ass
grab da cookie
dat ass
:D
His body is ready.
DAT ASS
uh, wow
:D
When I saw this at the movies, I foolishly sat in the frony seat, almost breaking my neck in the process.
you know for kids
Oh my
Awesome?! :D
man hes a good smooth talker
i cant scroll up
*Frontmost
ninja turtle!
TORTISE
Did anybody see GLaDYS?
Hey sumica..........oh my
:D
Well, they were already using words like "kill" and "die"
BonyHepSits: i said that first.........though not at the same scene
"I'm sorry RJ, i'm gonna have to kill you"
Quick_Thinker: He's right though. Chicks do dig scars
is that realy Ellen Mclain ? :)
Did anybody remember this?
GLaDYS looks the the administrator from tf2
REPTILE >8(
like i give a damn lol
is it... ZOMBIE SQUIRRELS?
nope
Dark9sEnigmatic it will be said many times
Logic.
SPIKE WANNA COOKIE
no spike its not zombie squiarlls
Kandarihu (sarcasm) Oh, this movie is so HEDGY!
hey everypony
nom
This movie came out in 2006, right?
Hi Sketch_Toku_Brony! I love you!
Dark92Enigma, lol
hi Sketch_Toku_Brony
GIVE THAT TO HAMMY
LOOK AT THEM GO
Averted.
and this is where i entered on the movie
when i was gone did anypony send me a message
sugar fuelded porcupine
OMG, THIS SONG <3
Kandarihu: yeah :)
MONTAGE
Bonk!
SONG
MONTAGE GO
IRON GUY
montage time!
MONTAGE!!!!!!!!!!
:D
robotdragon9: Well yeah, like everyone did.
Hammy with energy drink, oh god
What is this called?
magically regens AWESOME
And what year did Portal come out?
i wanna eat fluttershy :'(
We're gonna needa montage!
song time :$
I disagree with the songs of this film...
2007
GAME
Woah, I don't know why but this song fills me with nostalgia.
Kandarihu 2007
Pink flamigo?! just dying to meet you!!
rdibp: dude...why
rdibp: wHY!!!!!!!
trollface.jpeg
/me nomz peanuts and doesn't share
THEY STOLE MY FOOD
rdibp: trololololololololololololo
:D
lemme guess, after th emontage things will go to hell, one of them will get captured, the raccoon guy will want to just leave and not help get him back, then he will get a conscious and go help them
awwwwww yeah
YALLO?
No, twilight_sparkle
Say goodbye, Caroline.
ROCK AND ROLL
is that Tress mcnellie?
twilight_sprinkle: damn your good
Fast dialing.
a um cu JOKE ABORTED
twilight_sprinkle :[NO SPOILERS!!!!!
All dat food
rdibp: I was so hungry I could eat a horse once. Let me tell you, those were some of the best cupcakes I ever had.
Where do they get the power for all this stuff?
ded
00,10it dont count as precog if you watched the movie last night twilight_sprinkle
GLaDYS is actually Charlotte
it stopped
oh this one
why would they steal a pink flamingo?
DerpyMuffins: extension cords
DaringDerpy: for the lulz :P
Sumica: yeah, except that i didnt? :|
Twilight-Sprinkle no spoilers
Ugh
DaringDerpy: why wouldnt you?!
whats going on Sumica?
debby?
Is she here again?
hey can i poke him as well
NO SHATNER!!!!!!!!
She should be voiced by Ellen McLain
its not a spoiler, i havent seen this movie before.
/me pokes
SirGanjalf: This.
Cue the overly dramatic death
:'(
did I just hear a yay?
These poor creature's hurt. Let's kill it.:S
again that yay
D:
:S
*this*
thats Sumicas ping
Is that possum chaneling captain kirk?
shatner right?
dat squeking
wat
twilight_sprinkle still NO SPOILERS
Yes, yes it is Shatner. How could you tell?
',:(
fuck thats some shit cement
What was IN that Cooler!?
Fl00tersh41: Shatner does his voice
Rose....bud...
BonyHepSits: Spoiler != precog.
:'(
Beem me up God
ded
/me Does anybody notice the teddy bear out on the plane? He looks suspiciously like the teddy bear from “The Shining,”
ROSEBUD
ROSE....LUCK
I get the joke
ROSE BUD FROZEN PEAS
He wants to touch him so badly.
He's ACTING! vol. 2
no wonder they built in 3 months they just built it in the shitest way possible
MEEEEDIIIIIC!
/me I'LL DEDUCE DRAR BOY
This isn't a reference to anything in the history of ever.
=_(\
:D
he bid ferwell cruel world!
Some one should write a comedy that features the royal guard having adventures in the human world
That logic
EXTERMINATOR
pikorar: vat
ROSEBUD.................
logic
flawless logic
Whack-a-Angel
NOOOOOOOO ANGEL
Engineer's here
COWARD KILLING TYME
Poor Angel.
Meh, Angel's a bitch anyway.
lol SpeedyBolt
we kill them before they get hurt, because we care
Whack-a-rabbit
the superspeedycidersqueedy 6000
genius!
not angel bunny!!!!
As somebody said yesterday
bald guy
is that the exterminator from the ant bully?
Hey Boys, It's a spy!
FlutterMEDIC: *russian accent* Come wif me doctor!
This guy is totally the Engineer
rdibp: angel nooooooo
they live in the team fortress world?
pikorar: Ja.
what's his name?
Dwayne Lefonton
He's missing the helmet.
GILDA V EXTERMINATOR who wins?
who would hurt a helpless little bunny
And this guy reminds of Enige... family perhaps?
*Engie
welcome the neighborhood... so who is new to the neighbor hood?
Rape.
whos the voice of the engineer
Apple_jack: Gilda by a long shot
Virginia anus!?
._.
/me Perhaps, dear boy, if I exaggerate a little bit more, my acting will become a little bit more Shatner.
OOOOOOO an associates
ANAL PROBE INCOMING
because knowing all those facts make you cool and everyone gives a shit :P
Zat is not medicine...
The verminator=Original name
Really? Same VA?
prepare your anus
:O
ANAL PROBE!!!!!!!!!!!!
KILL IT WITH FIRE
vermtech
Now they cant touch him
WITH FIRE
vermdouche
where did "kill it with fire" come from?
huh they even put jet streaks in the air
Reptile...
That hedge is a humen forcefield.
Dat smelling
This guy's fuckin psycho
thats some dedication
what a nose
HE WOULD know what they smell like
He's good...
tortoise
"No FPPPPPPH reptile"
HE'S GOOD
^
NOT BAD
SPEEDY TURTLE? NOT POSSIBLE
AEGH
XylemTube no, he's just a self-centered douche
Oz man!
/me Perhaps, dear boy, if I deduce a little bit more, my acting will become a little bit more Shatner.
Ozzy
yippi ki a e a!
Wait, what does RJ stand for?!
IT RETURNED
\../
Oz Man!
m/
RJ...........i don't know
I have been in epic steak house
\m/
All the food
RappleJack
everypony to the hedges they stop humans we can then take back manehatten and kick them humans out
Deadlypon2, Not sure. Maybe Raccoon Junior?
Does anyone know what 'RJ' Stands for?
...No, not this scene
RainbowJack
Ohai again :)
Rainbow Jack?
dat turtule
G-DDAOMN IT Brony_90!
Deadlypon2: Doesn't really have to. My brother's nickname is RJ because it's abbreviated as Richard Jr.
Rainbow Jack
Raccoon Jackass
His THRONE!
:(
CHECK IT OUT
Why cant I hold all these feels.
welp, this is predictable
Deadlypon2: R is defenatly for Racoon,but J im not sure
It's... beautiful :'(
dirtbag
Family. :')
Raccoon Jim
Raccoon Junior?
so he drinks juice which has more SUGAR THEN YOU THINK
inb4 guilt trip
Hey Dirtbag
;_;
HOTWIRE
:'( This scene
do u get hub?
.COM
Cable Theft!
:D
.....how
TURN ON HUB
U get hub?
dem kids
TURN TO HUB
what abiut the hub`???
WITH THE HUB INCLUDED
TURN IT TO PONIES
wow you brought my bag don here?!
WOAH THEY JUST MENTIONED HOTWIRING IN A FOALS MOVIE DAT TAKES GUTS
:D
WE NEED PONIES
They had no idea what a TV is but they clearly know how to steal cable. :I
Dat ironic guilt.
WHAT ABOUT THE HUB!?
irony~
:D
I am a dirtbag.
LAWL
I am a dirtbag
king of the hill
GIVE US HUB
"Dirtag .3."
that convinient ltv shows
Oh this bit
Dat dirtbag
Dat Irony
dirtbag
THE ANVIL OF IRONY!!!!!!!
dat Dr Phil
Dr. Phil?
DAT DR.PHIL JOKE
:D
*le OH NO
no... im a derpbag
I'M A DIRTBAG AND I'M PROUD!
dr. phil
Get the food, feed the bear
Transformers Prime is on the hub right now
Inhaling chips
Dr. Phil doesnt even have a PHD
oh-no's
I am a dirtbag
all dese dirtbag
well it almost is anyways
WHERES DA FOOD
Oh now i can hear Bruce willis :)
WOW, Dr.Phil is an asshole
Derpbag:P
WHERES DA BUFFER
Hi.
Why do TV's always spew out exposition
SABOTAGE
Birtdag
That turtle is quite the dirtbag.
MaxTheBrony Told ya
dem chips
DerpyMuffins: sheldoon cooper would laught at him :)
:)
ANGEL!
i want pringles :'(
Kill angel
They would die either way
Angel bunny!
FUCK ANGEL
:S
angel!!!!! NOOO!!!!!
Ernest: hey Vern'
....I really HATE Verne
dog?
dammit Tank, what are you doing?!?
yo yo yo wuddup
:O
Verne is just a bland guy
Vern isnt bad, he just wants thing to be normal.
Want it Need it
play?
PLAY!
yep
PLAY!
Tank is one annoying turtle
PLAY?!
this movie is so predictable
Dog!
Tortoise.
RUN!
PLAY!
verne is the worst part of this movie
Now you done bucked up now
Kiss him to shut himu p.
PLAY
Shall we play a game ?
PLAY
STFU Verne!
I find it terrible that people will chain a dog up outside, I could never do that. :I
oh sheeyut
rdibp: He's hammy
Runrunrunrunrunrunrun!
ah shit
PLAY! PLAY! PLAY! PLAY!PLAYPLAYPLAYPLAYPLAY!
SpeedyBolt He's a dumb idiot who actually has little to nothing to add to the group
/me ............................I'M PUTTING MY HOOF DOWN!
haha
ded
xD
Play?
RUNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
PLAY!
PLAY?:P
PLAAAAAAAAAY1
PLAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!
DAMMIT TURTLE
:D
omg that dog!!
XD
PLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYY
who does vern then?
play?
PLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYY!
He's just so bland and forgetable...
PLAY PLAY PLAY!
PLAYPLAYPLAYPLAYPLAY!
dat dog is epic
CLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYY
LETA PLAY
*LETS
PLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY
damnit doll
PLAY PLAY PLAY PLAY PLAY PLAY
:O
Let's play!
XD
Playplayplayplayplay
:O :O :O
playplayplayplayplayplay
D'aaaaaaaaaawwww he wants to PLAY
a lets play of over the hedge GENUIS
Clay
doll wants to do a lets play video
Bruce Willis is giving him a run for his money on actual EXCITEMENT
Let's play megamen
I heard a Clay
oh no...THE FOOD!!!
Fluttershy, control him!
thats one strong dog
no just... PLAY!!!!
PLAY PLAY PLAY PLAY PLAY PLAY
yay for paper fences
That dog is a tank.
these are sopme weak fences
hi
As the foil to RJ, Verne is just not exciting or even that interesting
That guy's been grilling for hours.
Watch out for that Tank, Tank
OKAY NOW WE KNOW HOW THEY BUILT IT IN 3 month they used balsa wood and other shitty ass materials to build it
inb4 hank hill jokes
Hi Cameh! I love you!? How are you doing?
wat
haha
nitro xD
dat turbo
ROCKET GO
Ballistic missile impact 3 minutes
rockey jump
playplayplayplayplayplayplayplayplayplayplay...
rocket propelled cart?
That looks so fun
play D:
PLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYY :'(
what hank hill jokes?
Looks like someone will go to the MOON!!!
TO THE MOOOOON
Plaaay:(
2mins
I light propane and propane accessories
TO THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOON
xD
rocket jump!
TO THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON
:O
Sounds like he said shit instead of chips.
aww, all he wanted was a playmate ;_;
1min
riiiiiiite
dat phase4 rocket
low flying plane?
We don't need you anymore to go to moon celestia XD
TO INFINITY AND BEYOOND
Now kiss.
dat propane
30secs
1000 yeras moon in da face!!!
ninja
I sell rockets and rockets accesories...
5
DEM NON-PRINGLES!!!!
DIE
1
ded
Dem pringles
Wait, why did the can land first?
ded
in loving memory of niel armstrong
DED
its raining pringles
Test succesful
:D
BEWM!
Woah
Nuked.
O.o
....riiiiiiiite
ded
yes
l
Why did the Spuds land before THE GAINT CART FILLED WITH FOOD
that dropped faster then that (even though all objects fall at same speed)
NO!!!!!!!!!!!
FUUUUUUUUU
logic
dem gags
Nuclear Launch Detected!
I'm dissapointed in all of you, not a single propane koth joke
Ded.
00,10troll cooler
Lol
same place as them
like a boss
He's not the one that set the dog on them. :I
yes!
NO!
What the hell happened
NOOOOOOOOO :'(
GOOOOOOOONE
VVVERN
:O
No, God, please NO:[
what in tornation
no :'(
ASK...........HIM
vuuuurn?
-_(\
He must take the Longe Walk now.
YOU'RE ALL WHATEVER
haha
like alot
*long...
dat possum
like ya know whatever
dat teenage stereotype
Like a like a teen like what ever
=(
/me Perhaps, dear boy, if I deduce a little bit more, my acting will become a little bit more Shatner.
And by "return" he means "blew up her car"
Shame on you, Tank.
Just like a teenager
who does the voice of vern?
I just relized somthing
My ears sure do bleed a lot
Butt vibrating.
:D
inb4 everypony starts talking like a teenager
wow
wth
:D
hhaah
butt viberation
Dark92Enigmatic: nice Nostalgia Critic reference
xD
Fl00tersh41: exactly
Butt vibrating. Uh....
rdibp: Avril Lavigne
luna is sleeping in the corner
Vibrant Butt Fun
i didnt type that
D:
....Well...They are
>Stupid and naive
Katalenic not vern :p
:O
BonyHepSits but that's totaslly like vomatrocious
oh hammy
YOU...........EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEDIOT!
Okay, that was a dick choice.
00,10poor hamie
Aw
...He is right...
:(
OH NO HE DI'NT
NOOO HAMMMYY
Verne, ho0w could you
GET AAAAAWT
:D
/me hugs Hammy
:'(
hi Sumica
ignorant...
if you just left he food YOU WOULD NOT HAVE BLOWN UP A TRUCK AND PISSED A HUMAN OFF ALL PONIES KNOW NEVER EVER PISS OFF A HUMAN
Dken2021 Egad!
:(
Sumica That is probably the saddest line :(
Hammy... :(
:S
:(
long thinking sequence
fluttershy aggres
HE'S NOT STUPID............motherfucker
you know he didnt hammy
lol yay
and then sad song
http://scranton.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw4648-aww_boo_hoo_hoo_by_mezkalito4p-d4curuy.gif
sadness montage go
/me pats Hammy
There, there...
HE'S JUST A TAD BELOW AVERAGE!
vern dun bucked up even more
Im guessing the ping is replaced with a yay
Dat photobomb.
;_;
lol
nonody2 eeyup
BANDADES PHIX EVERYTHING
awww
:S
i bet there going to be a happy montage at the end of the movie
:')
RAPE
Hi Taurus
ded tmr
MONTAGES FTW
URSA MAJOR!
HE ATE LUNA
lalalalala
Ursa major!
twilight_sprinkle: Pshhh no, now that's just crazy talk.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO LUNAAAAAAA
hes already there, he teleported
LUNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA :[
Moon chip
i kinda like this song...
"Dawn of the Final Day"
This song makes me cri
evertim
Azuredragon: i approve of that pic
twilight_sprinke quit pretending to have not seen this to get away with spoilers
RIP.....:'(...luna....
sad montage
lik dys if u crai evertim
24 Hours Remain
luna is in the corner sleeping
sadtage*
SPAM
Luuuuuna luuuuuuuuuuna luuuuuuuuuna luuuuuuuna luuuuuuuuuuna luuuuuuuna luuuuuuuna luuuuuuuuuna
eaten by an imaginary bear
*liks*
squee
00,10that is scarry
squee?
Dude's messed up
SQUEE
squee
:o
SQUEE :D
DAT SQUEE?
ANGEL!!!!
squee
Texas tfw
Dat Squee
All the dead Angels...
Angel no :'(
fluttershy squee
squee
DAT SQUEE
TEXAS
That's going to bite her in her stuck up ass.
!!!!
:p
except Texas
dem Texans
THEY'RE IN TEXAS? no
TIEXIS!
I WANT IT NOOOOOW
lasers
OH MY GOD
overkill
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
look at that bear symbol, thats totally not going to come into play later on
RIP teddy
GOD BLESS TEXAS
genva conventions are basically WAR CRIMES
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Fluttershy squee's when Angels die...
NO ANGEL!!!!!
wow
lalalalalalaalallalaalalalalalalalalalpqkmwic;oewulbglsrmhjct4net347774y3he
best ingenieer
That was.........dark
wha? did he get these fro mthe engineer?
Oh look Luna's back
Oh, I see, so she DID ask for the illegal trap
What about kids...
:'(
Romantic scene right here.
Lada is best car?
I bet Flutttershy wouldn't smile through this movie.
;-;
you know , for kids!
RJxVern
http://www.gocomics.com/overthehedge
:D
stop spoiling
The comic this was based off :P
:'(
AND MORE LIKABLE
rdibp: So much yes.
rdibp: I support this.
OY GEVALT
HammyxStella
whats the animal killlers name again?!
(>^_^)>
Deadlypon2: cool :P
Brony_90: VERMINATOR
the exterminator
Dwayne unpronouncablelastname
POOTIS
oooooooohhhhhh
litering is the problem man
What is this shit?
YES YES YES YES YES
pootis
:[ "YOU DO NOT! I REPEAT YOU DO NOT - HURT MY FRIENDS!"
is that custom pony on the far left of the stream screen
NICE SAVE
<_<
POW!
DJ_POn-3: yes
DJ_POn-3 yup
00,10lol
<_<
DJ_POn-3: Sumica
>_>
So he wont be nekkid.
amazing
tacos taste like tacos, its so weird
Organized LITTLE guy!? R.J. is taller than Verne!
JUST SEND IT DOWN
they need to raid walmart
DJ_POn-3: Sumica's R63 OC
srry
:D
Yay....
troll Lvl: RJ
/me hugs everypony
yay
well that esculated quickly
xD
hammyxheather
yay
>_>
Here
more yay
yay
inb4 here
Here here here here here
here
It's called flirting, pikorar
here
/me gets shot
well that was one word
here
So much yaying.
here.
Litterally everywhere!
here
why som many
where are they at again?
yay
Dark92Enigmatic: hugs back
?
here here here here here here here
Big one here.
A few over here
here....here....here....here....here....here....here....here....here....here....here....here....here....here....
Hey, it is a heist movie.
xD
NO.
here here here here here here here here here here here here here here here
xD
Here.
inb4 stella makeover
we are so bucked
here here here here here here here here here BIG ONE here her here, and a few ones here
He has multiple shells?
xD
and over there too...
:D
trollface.jpeg
xD
I wanna be the car!
I CALL BATTLESHIP
Monopoly!
I'm always the car.
The THimble is the worst
Spike is best car
SPIKE IS THE CAR!!
no one get's the car!
HOW DO THEY KNOW WHAT A CAR OR AN IRON IS!? D:
BASTERD :[
And put on a show
ALWAYS THE CAR
Monopoly jokes
monopoly ftw
I'm the thimble I'm always the thimble
Im the hat!
...I call Dog
The top hat is best monopoly piece.
mime
the collar
pikorar: cartoon? :3
Step 4_Profit
No, i'm the hat!
I have the 20 year anniversary edition of monopoly, and I get to be the train! : D
/me IS my Shater acting working
?
SEDUCTION
nope.avi
PFFT
Dat RFID
BAHAHAHA
LOL
Shatner*
oh boy
snortsnort
lol
fur sense tingling
Hammy's reaction makes me laugh
what cd was that
ah, a peppe le puu mock up
okay got my popcorn my candy and some chips IM SO READY LETS DO THIS
she is a skunk
((How do you do italics?))
i think it was a windows cd..
foxy
charcoal
hammer
cork
ded
Cork o_o
ded
Dead.
:O
hammer
ded
What ther
She's an independent Skunk and she needs no man!
Right in her....
Fluttershy-pony: post /me before a sentence
MY GAWDS
O.o
LAWL
Between Hank Willams Pain songs
OH MY god
Just letting you guys know, the charcoal is for her coat.
Fluttershy-pony ya type /me and a sentence
He just puted a cork on her flank
Independent black women
in a kids movie
O.o
Um.
:O
She's all like...wow...
YOU KNOW FOR KIDS
Sergio_Scriptor: Yeah, she looks more like a skunk than a fox IMHO
wat
oh mica
KITTY!!!
BIG...jeepers
Oh my...
MIRROR! MIRROR!
Meow~
CAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT
:3
meow
shes...Bald :O
Gone furreh :P
anyone a fan of country music?
Ohh maii
I am.
sexy Opal :D
george takei agrees
DAT HAIRLESS SKUNK
Now I have GONE furreh
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m8f9hrKJ5C1rzkopko1_400.jpg
lawl
oh U ,someone did that ping
ENGIE
Brony_90 :D
ENGIE TIME
george takei is a furry
where's that "oh my" sound bite
>Lifelike
why was this scen needed?
DAMMIT DAMMIT DAMMIT
CURSE YOU PLASTIC
BonyHepSits: *Reposts*
Quick_Thinker: to show he is a psycho
POOT DISPENSER HEER
sentry goin' up
Is ADAM WEST voicing the VERMINATOR?
/me eates popcorn
Quick_Thinker: cause fillers
Quick_Thinker: For the lulz
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m8f9hrKJ5C1rzkopko1_400.jpg
oh as a transition and to show hes crazy
DONT LOOK DOWN OR YOU'LL DIE
I WANT THE COOKIE
insert mission impssible theme
How dare you fool Engie
Dark92Engimatic Noo
Dark92Enigma: Is he? I don't think so.
inb4 I like the cookie.
good thing i got my OPCORN
...He isn't voicing that. Adam West sounds much olde
u ever seen blueflare here?
Lazers!
thats some cast
SLY COOPER I'LL GET YOU THIS TIME MUHUHHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA
cause corn is OP?
gogogogoggogogogoggoon onononnonononononon
Looney Toons, anyone?
Anypony want any popcorn?
But I liek da cookie :(
COOKIE
I like a cookie :3
/me YO QUIERO LA GALLETA
cookie
follow the red dot
PUT DAT COOKI DAWN, NAO
Cookie <3
yay
Dat canned voice.
i liek a cookie
and then Hammy died.
http://ponybot.net/pix/3443.gif
/me Fluttershy-pony i gottz popcorn
you gotta <3 that cookie
Ah, that ALWAYS works.
i have opcorn :#
:3
Azuredragon: :D
PUT THAT PUT THAT PUT THAT COOKIE DOWN DOWN DOWN COOKIE DOWN
dat ninja
MMOOOOO
moooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Man Verne, someone's a pessimist.
MOOOOOOOOOO
crush kill destroy SWAG
Azuredragon: D'awwww :3
BOOOOOOOOOO
haha
Cow fetish.
:3
CAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT
Meooow?
SPY
STOM RIGHT THERE CRIMINAL SCUM
HALT!
NO WAI!
he is a cat
STOP THERE CRIMINAL SCUM!!!
inb4 elitism
xD
Superbrony64's Animal cry :O
lol
Russian kitty?
:p
WOah
Blueblood?
I was thinking French.
dat accent
Hes Roman
Oh shit
You got her started.
insulting french
Oh mica
OH SNAP
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m8f9hrKJ5C1rzkopko1_400.jpg
he seems french
he sounds like Roman
IN SOVIET RUSSIA........FILTH STINKS YOU
oh god...RUN
oh my :D
That fit so damn well
XD
oh my :D
:D
lol BonyHepSits
i like et =)
:D
O.o
KISS ME
Azuredragon, what?
IN SOVIET RUSSIA.........I LIKE IT
o
TRU LUV!
/me eats popcorn.
oh dat Wanda Skyes
oh my :D
o
wat
He likes the abuse.
Woah
Oh my...
dafuq did i just watch
I like ety
SpeedyBolt: :D
im eating popcorn to
This is suddenly more interesting.
Massochist cat
Ship fic incoming.
This is his fetish.
Oh My
... This movie is ... strange :p
seeecks
Luminous.
/me steals Fluttershy-pony s popcorn
Damn.
dayum
trollface
daaaang
Smooth...
DAAAAAAYUM
Luna-mous.
that oh my wasn't timed right
lol
I see
take it off!
MAMOCHA
i call blueblood
rdibd: :'(
Tiger.
woods
Wicked Cool.
AAHAHAHAHAHAH
the refrigerator
KITCHEN
IN DA HOUSE
rdibp: shares DJ_POn-3 popcorn
THE GATES OF HEAVEN
Is there an alternate clop scene where they do it?
idk wwhp rdibd is
blueblood? I punched him in the face
/me AHHHHHHHHH
:O
OMG
i love the scene with the TV :D
Yes!
k
:3
Welcome to food heaven
The gates to heaven lie in the kitchen.
CiderIsForDrinking uh, they aren't ponies
CiderIsForDrinking: That's in the unrated edition.
wat
Ouch
/me sheds a tear
THX
INB4 THX
xD
lol
Overly Dramatic fridge opening is overly dramatic
BWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!
/me shares popcorn with Fluttershy-pony
lol
Thanks
dat heart
xD
NOT THE THX SOUNDS
:D
DAT PRODUCT PLACEMENT!
Meooooooooooooooooow
UUUUUUUUUUUUUU
:[ LAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
wat
thats what a heart sound like?
/me head explodes
:D
haha
XD
/me THX................................................THE PEOPLE ARE NOW MORE DEAF
Thanks.
lol
i remember that\
THX: The Audience is now Deaf
this is one long THX intro
THX
and then everypony went deaf
Turn it up!
The Loudest sound known to mankind (before 2000's)
THC: The audience is baking
Sleeping Announcer is best show
THX was way too low
porcupine IT. for all your technological needs.
Kandarihu: you told it better than me :D
Dken2021: must be directors cut
They watch while you sleep.
JELLY
I always got goosebumps when the THX intro played.
CUM
haha
xD
THE NEXT DAY
wut
the cat sounds like Roman
Sharpy thing
talky talkt
Shit
/me rdibp: gives a cup of tea
OH SHIT
RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUN
COFFEE! RUN
fuuuuuuuuuu
thanks :3
COFFEE
ASDFGHJKL! D:
get to da choppa
Dem footsteps
coffee
00,10might be the same VA rdibp
GIVE HAMMY THE COFFEE
Watching tv the cameras the whole time, doesn't realize she woke up
dat ass :D
SPUDDIES
dat rambo music
wut
GET TO DA CHOPPA!!!!
dose slippers
Goddies
spuddies
SPUDDIES
pikorar JJKSDF:LK::HJKL: :c
Sumica Jesus, it MIGHT!
Superior chips
00,10quick some one check IMDB
Spuddies - not even once.
yay
Keep in mind that there was no HUB in 2006. Not sure if Discovery Kids was around back then.
rdibp according to IMDB, it;s Omid Djalili
PINKIE SENSE
yay
rdibp: Actually, that would've been a good plan to use.
the tingle 2: the tingling
Tingle!? Where!? I love that guy!
:S
Bear with him
I see what you did there
AJIsAwesome: wat?
ded
NICE SAVE
Dead.
ded
:O
:(
lol
ded
Simple slip of the bear
...I mean...oh no
D:
:(
SMACK
NO
Nick Nolte is best bear
:(
:'(
She was kicked from chatroom.
rdibp: Giving Hammy the coffee
:'(
NOOOOOOOO!
why
Possum pwn3d
shes not ded...
i bearily saw a bare .. wait
DeD?
Y U DIE
[
nnnoooo avril!
:'(
ded
aww naw
PUNT!
:O:O:O:O:O
she just just playing
banhammer has spoken
LIVE
:[
D'aww :3
: D
ded
/me I learned from William Shatner
:P
so unexpectad, nobody died in a kids movie
She is not a rat >: (
how do oppasoms reproduce?
You're grounded.
fooled you!
CHANGEOVER CODE: EVASION!
She went to dead college.
not a rat
: D
We die so can live
Like a father, like a daughter.
:O
YOUR COVER IS BLOWN
o_o
COVER BLOWN
derp
Convenient slip.
'-'
Nope 8)
Strange, The cat VA is YUsuf Amir from GTA IV The Ballad of Gay Tony
SHI
!
:P
:D
STELAAAAAA
Theyve alerted the horde!
IUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
dat movie reference
STEELLAAAAAAAAAAAA
STELLÄÄÄÄ
STELAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
is there a rift of this?
STELLAAAAAAAA
STELLAAAAAAAAAAAA
GET DOOOOWN!!
STELAAAAAAAAAAA NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
faaaaaack?
COVER BLOWN
Youre going to LOVE MEEEEE
ded
wow
She's a that.
skuuuunk
dat cork
Yeah that
STINK NUKE
dat buffer
xD
Gross.
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m8f9hrKJ5C1rzkopko1_400.jpg
Quick_Thinker: Don't think so.
ouch
dat cork
YOU'RE GOING TO LOVE ME!!!!!!
shes like natures tear gas grenade
00,10but it's not roman? how odd
ewww
lol fire in da hole
SEEMS LEGIT
00,10cause it sounds just like em
I was about to go to the next video, but then I remembered that I was on the last one... ; w;
I always never understood where that cork went...
Better love story than Twilight.
It makes so much sense now.
Betrayal!
RUN IDIOTS
TO THE DOOR
PYRO
pyro!
TRUE LOVE
PYRO!!
Sumica :D
PYRO
One shudders to imagine what inhumane thoughts lie behind that mask.
wat
pyro?
MMMMPH
ENGINEER
SpeedyBolt: It went up her bum...
no stream video freezing
CAT DOWN
PARTY PINKIE PIE STYLE
:D
Fail
RUN SPY'S THE PYRO HAS COME!
:O PARTY??
DED
derp
Window
Darn you, Windex!
4th wall?
.........REPTILE!
ya
dang windex
yay
YAY
ded
SPANISH WORDS
"I'm gonna lay you out!"
Dat Windex
BUENOS DIAS......REPTILE
I don't like waiting for more videos lol
MMMMFFFFFFUUFUFUFUUFUU
Magiiic!
ded
...HOUSE
*cries*
dat catchphrase
buenos dias me gusta paptos frieas
Bueeeeenas dias
HooooOOOOOOOOOOOuse
Inb4 bear saves the day
*Puts on sunglasses* "YOU'VE JUST BEEN VERMINATED!" YEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
Or waiting for more chapters of his story D<
it looks like it'll rain today
Verminated™
BUFFER
Buffering sadnes
Sky = Adding
From what I've seen in this movie, nothing is humane.
dick
who would hurwt a wittle tuwtol
BYE
pikorar: gotta admit, even as a villain. he's badass
no!!... NO BUFFERING IN A SAD SCENE!!
BUFFER
how do type the TM
not spike!
This chat is going to fast
/me cries
bye MadSurge
:(
NOOOO :'(
I just refreshed. All good
bye MadSurge
NOT HAMMY
:(
;-;
Dark92Enigma: NO HE'S NOT, HE'S BAAAALD
Verminator = Discord
/me hugs Fluttershy-pony and holds on.
/me My Shatner acting will not save me this time..........I'll deduce dear girl
TheMonstaMuffin: too fast for a sturday
I'm not going people
Not yet!
Dark92Enigma: First, he verminates small woodland creatures, and then he verminates the BAT MAN!
TheMonstaMuffin: Well, seeing how there are 188 people here......
is there an mlp voice actor in EVERY movie?
Sergio_Scriptor eyup
We should watch the Human Centipede sometime
Yup
BonyHepSits: god no
BonyHepSits: NO
BonyHepSits: :D
mhm
BonyHepSits: YES
AJIsAwesome yeah
is there a voice actor of MLP in THIS movie`?
:(
BonyHepSits: nononononononono
:3
BronyHepSits: NOOOOO i saw it nasty
don';t think there is
classy
00,10never going to happen BonyHepSits
Fluttersy kill the bear pls
BonyHepSits good idea,no way I'm gonna watch that by myself
RJ you asshole
Alone, lonely
brb i have to go do something real quick
BonyHepSits: Fat chance
Brony_90: Not sure.
:P
Moopy: wat?
/me kills the bear
If only he bought 2 wagons.
vincent price?
Nick Nolte
Sumica why not? :(
oh come now people, its not as bad as people make it out to be
SAAAACRIFIIIIIIIIICE
AARRRRJAAYYYYY!!!!!!!
party of one... I WANT A PARTY OF 6
RJ!
+50 good Karma
HEEL FACE TURN!!!!!!!!!
AJ
AAAAAAAAAR JAAAAAAAAAAAY
Does anyone know if theres a voice actor of MLP in this Movie?
RJ is having a dear celesti moment
ARGH! JAY!
LEEEERRRROOOOOOYYY
man that takes balls
00,10if you have to ask CCCP then you dont know any thing about the movie
Brony_90 I don't think so
Clever censoring
Dat bro-love.
3 little red wagons where destroyed in the making of this film.
More wasted food. I'll bet the Japanese hate this movie for all the wasted food.
Sumica :P
IMMA GAS YOU
BEAR!
YOU KNOW FOR KIDS
RJ = Raccoon Jenkins
BEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAR
SirGanjalf: makes sense
Auto Homicide 3
He´s Bearily alive
@Sumica: what was the movie line up?
XD
very smooth aniation
lol
JUST LIKE GTA
JUST LIKE IN DA VIDYA GAMES
auto homocide
100 is the score
Brony_90: You're better off looking up the actors and seeing if there are on the show.
This film is getting too tense to bear.
kill, with cars!
lolwat
00,10look at the home page DJ_POn-3
GTA(GRAND THEFT ANIMAL)
"legal"
'make illegal U-turn' ?
alalalaalalalalalalalalalalala
see, video games do teach children education
the problem i have with CGI is that in 10 years it looks shitty, thats why i liek traditional animation moar.
alalalallalalalá!
Lol
xD
BAN HAMMER!
lol
i have a baseball bat
RELEASE THE HUB!
Why is everybody being a dick?
He JUST CAME BACK
/me SHATNER COMMANDS YOU
:O
xD
SpeedyBoly: idk
RELEASE the HUUUUUUUUUUUUB!
FOOL
:D
CCCP: I only like CGI if it's done well and there's little of it.
:D
and he obviously just stated he did it for the bear.
pikorar: Why?
seems legit
well DUH
ded
AJIsAwesome same :)
WELL DUH!!!!!
Owned
no tingling tail? should'va known
ASS ATTACK
RUUU
XD
SEVENASSES
BALLOONS!
wat
bonus points
Bai
wot
BALLOONS!
ballonz!!!!!
everyone likes bonus points
cute
AJIsAwesome: I take it, you don't like this movie?
des kids shoul have a lincease... OH WHO AM I KIDDING THESE KIDS ARE DNAGERIOUS
TO THE MOON!
@Sumica: thank you
ramp
DED
Die.
and then he fell to his death...
BONUS POINTS ARE BEST POINTS
ded
Dark92Enigma: I like it.
99MPH DAMN
hai
aaaaar jaaay!!!!!
BOOOM
and they all died
haaai!
KERASH
pwned
/me You have arrived
U DONT SAY!!!!!!!!
epic
You have arrived
Sup Caroline ?!
that poor woman
YAY
they killed her faimly
Sumica: the yays are well timed as usual
yay
I expected that
so much for that house
flawless victory
>Go through door
NOT THE CHILDREN
yay
>walls are gone
that was the destination he last set... inside a house GREAT JOB
:D
BER
:O
Someone was that room..
jazz dance injury
dat's a big bear
:O
bear
Scary clown...oh and a bear
SCARY CLOWN
Scary clown..
*in
GET FLUTTERSHY!
CLOOOOOOOOOWN!
:D
xD
:O
that wat?
All clowns are scary, Hammy.
OUR FINAL BATTLE BEGINS
i was afk a bit, why is the bear after them?
WEEDHACKER
HAX
FLUTTERSHY... SNAP HIS NECK
WEED WHACKER
Choose you destiny...
HAAAAX
AJIsAwesome: SO YOU don't like this movie?
BAN DEM
Bear or humans
WEEDHACKER!
THE WEEDHACKER!!!!!!! IS BACK
Bears, tazer, and a weedhacker!
PYRO and GLaDYS vs VINCET
:O
Welp, they're doomed
revenge of the weedhacker
FINAL OPERATION, BATTLE SET, EXECUTE!
LET'S PARTY!!!!!!!!!!!!!
FUX THE BUFFER FOR GOD SAKE
why is the bear afgter them?
Provoking an angry bear is always fine.
in Pinkoie style
PINKIE STYLE
why is this called Over The Hedge? When did they actually go over the hedge? They keep going under it.
twilight_sprinkle: bc RJ stole his stuff
twilight_sprinkle becasue RJ took the food again
Inb4 Verminator needs to change his suit
yro and GLaDYS wins
MACH 6!
00,10mach 6: now with more caffene
twilight_sprinkle, he's after RJ
whats on next
*pyro
It's not a hedge
IDEA
otakon: why did he steal it again?
Bonk!
AJIsAwesome: You didn't answer my question sis/bro
This is false advertising.
HAMMY TIME
YES
Scout time
Dark92Enigma: I like the movie. I think it's fine. Not great, but not bad.
TIME IS THE KEY
DEM FIREFLIES
BONK!
twilight_sprinkle: He's pissed at R.J. for destroying his food, and wants revenge.
Makes sense.
DERPDERPDERPDERP: well they flew over it once :\
twilight_sprinkle: bc he was hungry
ATOMIC BONK
ENERGY DRINK
and then FTL Squirrel
BONK COLA
pikorar: why did he take it again?
GOOoooo
Wanananananana
Dat music
TIME IS FROZEN!!!!!!!!!
Unfriggin touchable
UUWUWUWUWUWUUU
the bear went over the hedge. happy?
:O
I love this bit
uhhhhh
Hammy learned Chaos Control.
wut
i never understood y suddenly everything stopped
Sergio_Scriptor: I guess the bear going over the hedge once counts...
Hammy is like Pinkie in Red Squirrel form
TIME WAS FROZEN TODAY
FlutterMEDIC: actually he's just moving faster than light
reminds me of that futurama episode
hyper hammie
I want to get so much sugar that I can do this one day
Brony_90 hammy is hyperspeed
dat cookie
Dark92Enigma: :D
Pinkie is this you??
dat bear
oh...
inb4 Scoutvision Goggles - DO IT Valve!
twilight_sprinkle: Because he saw the truck that had all his friends trapped in it, and needed the wagon of food to reach them.
Faster then light
COOKIE
Dark92Enigmatic :D
cratorkid JUST ABOUT TO SAY THAT
He's faster than light
I got the cookie
Quantum Conundrum
I got the cookie
it's funny because for once he acts calm
dat shell
faster than light
GOT THE COOKIE
pikorar: oh ok
and then he drops out of Plaid
haha!
The lasers are still forming their circuits.
HES THE FASTEST THING ALIVE
Brony_90: he is usually so hyper, so that when he drinks caffeine, he pretty much uses Chaos Control
That's a helluva bullet-time
suddenly turtle ass
AJIsAwesome: sis/bro are you there?
dat ass
Nekked
dat ass
NOW DIE
GET TO THE BUNKER!
ONLY LEGAL IN TEXAS
Hell to logic!
AAAND tortoise ass XD
Clever girl
Dark92Enigmatic: I like the movie. I think it's fine. Not great, but not bad.
DEEEEEEEDDDDDD
SENTRY
DED
Turret: I see you!
Humane animal dispachment in 3... 2... 1...
DEPELTER TURBO
sentry goin' up
Looks like something you'd find at NORAD
Team Rocket is blasting off again!!
And it buffers on Vern's naked ass. Just perfect
ONLY LEGAL IN TEXAS COME ON OVER
Dark92Enigmatic: Sorry. I answered to Dark92Enigma.
fucking DEATHSTAR
ded
illegal everywhere except texas
Target Acquired
Quasar!
NO NO NO NO NO..............NOOOOOOOOOO!
Own
Oh not pokemon.
MEDIC!!!!!!
3D Goggles
THE END
orbital friendship cannon
wow
A SONIC LIGHTBOOM
I don't hate you..
HOLY FUCK
AJIsAwesome: I AM Dark92Enigma
FALCON STING!
TIME FOR THE FRIENDSHIP CANNON
:O
:D
ALL THE POOR PEOPLE
It just destroyed North Korea's only satellite. :'(
Lets all go to texas
This move has no logic
now THAT was a Bass Cannon
so much laser XD
hate eliminated
they signaled alien races
burned popcorn
Dark92Enigmatic: So why are you using two names instead of one?
xDD
AJIsAwesome: THE SERVER........won't let me keep my old nick again
:D
yOOOOOOOOOU
Dark92Enigmatic: ghost it
Oh thank YOOOOOOOOOOOU
you now have my permisson to eat
otakon how
Dark92Enigmatic, another server crash?
Hannibear Lecter:D
Lying bitch
HELL RAISER!
it was in yer yard
VOLDERMORT
RUN ENGIE
shes geting away GET HER
Dark92Enigmatic: Put _ on your name.
that poor woman
Damn
....get her....
:D
/me HASTA LA VISTA, YOGI
and then he runs away
Yet the humans and the bear weren't killed
OCD much?
nom
:D
PILEDRIUVE
have fun making Cupcakes, cops
Scooby Doo
GET HER
PLAY!
Play?
play?
PLAY!
PLAY?
PLAY PLAY PLAY PLAY PLAY
PLAY!
Happy ending
celebrate!
NOOOOOOOO
better than going to jail
YALP
STELLAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
LETS GET THIS PARTY STARTED
KITTY KAT!
tiger!
he verminates and runs away live to verminate ANOTHER DAY
:)
Better love story than Twlight
INTERSPECIES ROMANCE
ZIS IS ZE OUTDOOR VOODS
_Dark92Enigma
and then Stella and Tiger fucked
yay
"Big boy"
I taut I taw a putty tat
lol
SpeedyBolt: THE END
and then RJ and Vern made out in the log.
CiderIsForDrinking: he is fat.
Behr was pissed.
Thank you Captain Hindsight.
is this on
nope
Big boy?LOL NOPE!Big cat XD
SpeedyBolt: no stop that
SpeedyBolt: yaoi
yesh
DEAL
GROUP HUG
AJIsAwesome: Oh OK
Oh fine, otakon
No.
Lawl Ghosties ain't here :p
:S
GROUP HUG
inb4 happy montage
...WAIT, WHEN DID YOU GET HERE?
HUUUUUUUG
*eND*
why the golf club btw?
brick joke
*End*
/me hugs everypony
AJIsAwesome it became a ghetto
/me HUGS EVERYPONY.
:O
Cant they get more?
NOOOOOOOO-!
fourth wall break
xDDD
WOW
NUTS!!!!!
He found his nuts.
thats nuts!
dem nuts
DED
THE END im leavin bai
ded
FOURTH WALL BREAK
wow, no montage
FOUTH WALL
lol
He found his nuts. :I
:D
well you could say
4th wall
in4 innuendo nut jokes
You know what? I never noticed this last night, but that's a good aesop at the end.
he's
NUTS
dem nuts
what we see next?
dat ending XD
Bye robotdragon9
alright, where's my dreamworks ending?
YEEEAAAAAAH
gg
6/10
BEEEEEAAAAAARRRRRRRRR
:D
Stare Master
Ow my 4th wall
LOOK FOR MLP VOICE ACTOR S :D
lawl
altho thats somewhat montagy
*inb4
Dat 4th wall
10/10
Iain: Stare Master
NUTS/10
short
and then D-Wars I think.
oh
8/10
Bonk/10
i wish we could hibernate
dat bear
good film
AJIsAwesome: It's not working
cookie/10
wait,a Dreamworks movie without a dance party?
5.3/10
TEXAS/10
Dancing vincent/10
dancing bear is the best pony
whats on naow+
6/10, decent film
Nick Nolte is best bear
awesome film
8/10
MLP episode
6.7/10, predictable movie
ponys next
i think
:)
5/10. If I had to make an anology, it's a cup of dirt. It's nice to look at, but it's pretty tasteless.
log/10
bonjour everypony!
Rarity/5
look for voice actors
Was this song censored for this movie?
Hi again
AJIsAwesome: ALL i do is _ before my name and nothing happens
Oh hello
Bye pankreas
Dark92Enigmatic: GHOST IT
Heya MLP_Brovakiin :)
AJIsAwesome: Is a cup of dirt nice to look at?
Dark92Enigmatic: Which one are you trying to Ghost?
And now... Time for ponies!
brb
DERPDERPDERPDERP: Just an analogy. Also, it depends on the person.
did anypony else notice that the victim of the robbery got busted and the thief got the happy ending?
Sorry MadSurge
im back what i miss
These credits are LONG
DERPDERPDERP : if its in a nice looking cup
Anybody know whats on now++
now we need ponies...
PONY: BUT THEY WERE MEAN PEOPLE
we needs ponies
SpeedyBolt: but the movie is over :D
who is the band?Didn't they also do Lifestyle of the Rich and Famous?
rdibp, how about the bear?
SPIKE
The dancing pony onscreen makes this better
GHOST <Dark92Enigma>
AJIsAwesome: aliens come over and destroy i
*it
rdibp, he didn't do anything before he woke up
nope
meta joke!
twilight_sprinkle: :D
no pony voice actors
Shatner and Willis in a movie, interesting
rdibp, judged by his species as the villain
TV.
mitamaking: Ikr
OMG A TV?
Hehe
TV?
>fat butts
But...i'm not fat :<
back
lawl
rdibp, also, this film teaches kids to trust the conman
spikey
spikeywikey
Im only a little over weight
EVIL, EVIL EVERYWHERE
Wait, were they showing the kids the Over The Hedge comic?:S
KHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN
AJIsAwesome: i'm trying to ghost my old nickname
KHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAn
khaaan
How can you not have Shatner talk about Star Trek 2
Dirt tastes like dirt.
KHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN
they lost their textures
:D hammie
lol...
can tortoises actually take their shells off like that?
Glitch fix
Dark92Enigmatic: Are you using the same computer for both nicknames?
AJIsAwesome: EEEEYUP
http://ponybot.net/pix/1458.png
SHE FARTED ON US
oh look, the comic
lets see i got somme more human history... says they owned much of Equestria til they went nuclear and then most cities were destroyed and humans slowly died
dat jazz
xD
jazz?
Quick_thinker no humans evolved into ponies
Smooth Jazz will be deployed in 3 2 1
Oh, I hate this song.
i wonder when the MLP FIM movie will come out?
i can has muffinz now?
I like this song
But tis kinda cheesy
Malk nope, ponies evolved from horses
who wants candy >[///]<
rdibp: please god be soon
So smmoth
Dark92Enigmatic: Then you probably have to log off for a while.
After Season 3
@Iain I wantz muffins
nope says here in one of Twis books on human history humans are still around but they are far away over the griffon seas
rdibp: I wonder when My Little Dashie wil come out @_@
BronyHepSits well its kinda mixed
The Pwerpuff Girls got a movie so why not MLP?
oh
powerpuff*
Season3 will end off with the villans winning, thus the movie.
SpeedyBolt: nope.avi
ponies evolved from pure awesomeness
ponies.avi
Derp: I thought they stopped it?
Sumica: can we please skip the music?
Sumica: please?
Wait theres gonna be a movie?!
who here has ever watched Dan vs?
We dont know
CiderIsForDrinking: Nope
remember the song before this came on
Apple_jack: yeah it's Euro Movie night
rdibp, everyone
rdibp: EVERYONE here
But there's been one for like...past generations
how do you save your nick?
otakon: no no im talking mlp
did anypony ever ask how we got from Anti-Fear songs to enemys like discord ?!
that show shouldnt be on the hub
more like fox
Apple_jack: don't know, maybe
I gotta rainbow dash
oh boy
Dken2021: I DON'T have a password
rdibp: What show?
rdibp but, it's awesome
Dan vs.
Dan vs
Dan Vs
How come?
Dark92Enigmatic oh, you didn't register you name?
HUT HUT HUT HUT HUT
00,10hub needs to show older gen ponies
and cancel g4
Sumica: Which gen?:D
that they should
AJIsAwesome: how do you save your nick?
Sumica: no
Dan vs is so underrated
00,10all gens
Gen 1 is best Gen
Sumica: it will kill it
Gen 1 is okay.
/me gets killed
Sumica: NO
Sumica: I think they have some contract issues as to why they can't.
^
I remember watching that one.
Dken2021: nope.avi
Sumica the need to show G1 and G3
this song is bad
/me agrees with Sumica
yay
the end
yay
dat dance
@Sumica: i think this is a bad ideia @_@
So is G2 that bad?
yay
NOPE
hi
EXTRA SCENE
Those were long commercials
FlutterMEDIC: I used Iris and it required a password. Then I moved to Flash.
yay
xDDD yay
yay
rdibp, why shouldn't it be on Hub?
yay
SpeedyBolt: not really
yay
i grew up wit gen 1 and i still like it
XD
Dark92Enigmatic oh, well you can only ghost names that are registered
YAY
Lmao :D
another thing on humans is they have things called "guns" so we never ever will probely see on in Equestria... long as they stay over the griffon seas
hahah
yay
Well, G1 and G1.5 belongs to Marvel. I'm not sure if G3 is even formatted for TV. Is it?
I love G1 '
HAAAXXX
yay
LOLOLOLOL
Anti-climatic
lol
Are they making an mlp:fim film yet?
i knew it xDD
CAN'T OPEN IT :D
Shoot
Not that we know of.
Break the glass.:|
BonyHepSits,nope
Marvel, really?
XD
PONY
BonyHepSits: rumors are abound yes
:(
And now PONIES
PONIES
YEAH =D
PONEHS
HI SWEETIE
ponies!!!
PONIES!!!!!!
BonyHepSits no plans that have been announced
hi
PONIES!
CrimsonPhoenix: im not saying its a bad show, it just dosent fit in with ponies and trucks
Yay
hi
FlutterMEDIC, not even in rumors
PONIEEESS
yay
inb3 Sweetie Bell messes everything up.
/me sings the 2.0 song from Endhiram.
ew ponies
Applejack2012: Hi
but..:'(
*inb4*
Bad luck SweetieBell
00,10skill shot
Always loving her ribbons
*loosing
hi Sweetie
and then everything died
rdibp, why should it fit with ponies to be in the Hub
DISASTEEEEEEER
what is playing now
Oh. This one.
well to be honest with you simica i really don't like G1 G2 G3 but i always like G4 better though so..........sorry
MLP
And hi Derp
seems legit
Batman isn't pony fitting
sly sweetie belle
Stare Master
:O
and it's still on the Hub
*twitch*
Here's a good idea for a drinking game. Whenever Sweetie Bell's voice cracks, take a shot... but not alcohol
Poor Rarity
=_(\
Physics
damn you just got rube goldberged
dat eyetwitch
I love g4
AAAAAAAAAAH AAAAAAAAAAAAH
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
I want to watch ponies
They're actually rebooting the Batman films, but for the Justice League movie.
Kandarihu: That's prohibition
when voice crack drink cider
BIG ADVENTURE
FAITHFUL AND STRONG
i love G4 G1 and G3
France
Ponies? Dafuq??
SHARING KINDNESS
Sharing kindness XD
NEW ZEALAAAAAAAAAAAAND
fraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaance
mitamaking, only if it's through the government
Love G3 too
Frieeeeeeeeeeeeeends
CrimsonPheonix: Fine, it should at least go on other channels like TBS or FOX or something like that
AJIsAwesome: hey there, thats my line!
FRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANCE!
AJIsAwesome: ok, i'll log off for a while..........enjoy this ep atm
YOUR ALL MY ENIMESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
DO YOU KNOW YOURE ALL MY VERY BEST FRAAAAANNNCCEEEE
Kandarihu but ... the drinking game requires alchohol
00,10rarity why you no magic to clean?
:)
Kandarihu: Sorry, got only beer:(
Cuney mark!
:P
:)
rdibp, as well as Batman?
ALSO IN THE BLACK OPS LOBBY SOME ONE SANG THE THEME IN JAPPENSSE :D
Cewnee Mark
Dat HD
:P
Sumica: :O never realized that
Dan Vs is on a right place
Sumica: <_< Why you no shut up
SirGanjalf, surely you have water, even running water
Sumica: The plot demans it.:D
Wait...Did Sweetie Bell use magic one time in the show?
*demands*
Dken2021: You could play it with your piss, just like Bear Grylls.
yay
WHAT NOW?
dat blank flank
Tactical Voice Cracks Inbound!
yea....no
yay
Dat music
so many yays
lol
Sumica: She's saving her magic for all her work
Dragon wars. Lol sounds strange:)
yay
Harpsicord!
Kandarihu: But if i go for water i'll miss the episode:O
THE STARE
IM SAYING IT SHOULD STAY ON HUB JUST SHOULD BE ON MORE CHANNELS :[:[:[
The STAIRS
Kandarihu: Can i eat potato chips instead?
rdibp: EXACTLY
the stare :O
TheMonstaMuffin: there is not a SINGLE DRAGON in the entire movie...
swipe
rdibp, that's not what you said before
The Stare master =D i love that episode
enope
Awww kitty
used swipes
00,10rdibp, that is what sindication meens
MadSurge: evil sadistic kitty
or not
Swipe
Guys I saw a camercial on nickoleodeon
You mad swettie bell?
XD
Scratch
CrimsonPheonix: well than i change my mind :P
nope.avi
and it was about mlp
Iain and?
RArity is somtimes best pony
otakon: more like Rarity is a terrible pet owner :D
00,10when they get 65 eps they can sell rights to other networks
Itchy and Scratchy show
rdibp, in that case fuck fox it's a terrible channel
There are some little grunt dragons, but they don't fight each other.
Smooth
Iain go on
Was Trottingham on the map?
why has that smile not been used in memes yet?
Iain go on
SirGanjalf, sure. I actually just got water just now though
Sumica: What show is this?
It was a DVD with 5 episodes on it
>:I
and then a blank-flank pony comes and bucks everything up
OH OH OH
MadSurge: I don't think so, give Opal lots of toys and a nice bed. She threw her in that bathtube ONCE
TROTTINGHAM, Y U NO BUCKINGHAM!?!?!
*explosion* Sweetie belle!
I think it was for bronys
00,10AJIsAwesome, ponies
xD
I love the sync
Sumica: Ok.
AJIsAwesome: dunno if you are troll or being serious
APPLEBLOOM
APPLEBLOOM!
Applebloom Applebloom Applebloom
yay!
APOLBLEWM
CHICKEN!...DICTIONARY!
APPLEBLOOM APPLEBLOOM APPLEBLOOM APPLEBLOOM APPLEBLOOM
yay!
APLERBERLM
Iain on what grounds?
haha
I love those lines
Canterlot voice
Very ready~
solutions 101: How to stop people stealing your damn lighter; http://www.aijaa.com/0030310806222
Iain 5 episodes? eh.... pass
YAY
FlutterMEDIC: I was talking to Sumica about the syndication topic.
YAY
:D
CUTIE MARK CRUSADERS! yay!
yay
YAY
uh oh
yay
YAY!
DAT FANFARE
YAY
PONY awesome
YAY
Sumica: Which is my theory why Season 3 is so short, so they can have three whole seasons of 65 eps that they can use to put FiM into syndication
:O
gold silk....
haha
Dumb fabric
:P
so CUTE! /)o3o(\
:3
DUN DU DUN
It soo sew long
she goes pysvho lol
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE, WHAT HAVE YOU DONE
twitch
TERROR
DINKLEBELLE!
THAT WAS THE LAST OF THE MILK NOW I HAVE TO MAKE MORE
yo yo yo everypony
your fault Sweetie
we're on a holy war of god to find our cutie marks....
WHAT
whats with that yay?
hai ingwaz
Hey ingwaz! :o
Having FiM on broadcast TV would be pretty awesome.
What?!
00,03or you know... an mlp movie
It's all your fault Sweetiebelle
'ello ingwaz
hi
no butts?! :O
i see we're watching ponies, is it pony break time in the middle of movies?
hiya ingwaz good to see ya, heard you wouldn't be one in a long time
Brony_90: thats Sumica's ping
WH*squeak*AT!?
FlutterMEDIC: I didn't know what show he was talking about in terms of syndication.
And this is a big butt
00,10still think they we will hear of 13 more eps before the year is out
Dat smile
ingwaz: Hello!
yer butt ain't gonna save ye this time gurls
Dat frown
dat scootaloo smile
soooo,is Pixel-Luna ever gonna wake up?
Hello ingwaz
That CMC Smile XD
Dat smile again
*Angel choir*
I did'nt like mlp the movie
EAT LITTLE ANGELS
otakon: been kind of busy lately. lots of homework to get done and what not, that and darksiders 2 to play
Eat little angels
Sumica: I almost think it is goign to be two cours
CANTERLOT VOICE!"!!!!
YOU'LL BE MINE, MIIINE
YAY
No one tell their parents that they are going over to fluttershy's.
So she's calling the CMC little creatures?:D
http://cdn.themis-media.com/media/global/images/library/deriv/109/109993.jpg I FOUND A PICTURE OF Shizu[AF1]!
the camera thing is funny
naiveshy
derp
COLOR
Mane 6 done
What if... Hasbro is marketing the next 13 episodes as Season 3 for the sake of Syndication, and will be presenting Season 4 immediately after Season 3 is done airing?
Hi random out of place character
otakon: That's pretty cool.
and then she was never seen again
borrinnnnggggg
AJIsAwesome: tis
remember CMC ... dont go in her shed
dat well... itz my intress
Kandarihu: that would be awesome
fluttershy how does one braid without fingers?
otakon: that's great :D
Thededavafree forest
Condescending Twillight attacks again
:D
hammies
Apple_jack they'll find a way
Mordecai
Kandarihu: What would be the point of that? Unless they're taking a break in between the two.
yah...no problem at all...
ITS ALL JUNK NOW
Wow look at this neat stuff!
I am thinking 13 in the fall and 13 in the spring
00,10Scootaloo will be realy easy to take care off once her wings are gone
TRASH THE COTTAGE
everypony... so what does pinkie and RD have to do?
Oh, Twilight does it for me.
:P
Sumica: :O
IAM
00,03Sumica: ....
those derp eyes
dat hair
derp count
00,10seee they are gone
:p
hows everypony been while i've been away?
Sweetie bot forgot to calculate the size of the door
Sumica: what wings?
ingwaz: Pretty good. How about you?
NO
YA
ingwaz swell, how's things been for ya?
bit busy and tiring but overall alright
YAAAY
DERPDERPDERPDERP, the point is that a 13 episode S3 means they can have 65 episodes to license out to syndication. Even if they were doing another 13 episodes anyway, that could just be S4, and added to the package once it's done airing on The HUB
CUTIE MARK CRUSADERS CREATURE CATCHERS
lottery after this?
yup
Rug monster!
CMCCC
Seems legit
*cue Journey*
rarg
Here we see Sweetie Belle Ketchum, trying to capture a creature without creature-balls
they watn to catch this. http://stephanieabbottbooksdotcom.files.wordpress.com/2011/12/kreature.jpg
QUICK USE A POKEBALL
Hehehehehe :3
00,10the hub wont stop showing it Kandarihu
OK........its working......but stream has betrayed me
HUB would never sell the right to this show WORTH WAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY TOOOOO MUCHHHHHHHHH MONEY
WAIT..............IT'S BACK
00,10it just meens other enetworks can show it too
Dat Creature Catcher
I wonder what G5 would look like
Syndication rights are on the table after 100 I though
*thought
hammer
CMCC
HAMMER
hammer.
00,10kinda like how at one point family guy was on like 4 networks
BUILDIN´ a Sentry
mitamaking: apparently not, its 65 eps from what i've heard
Hammer.
I didn't say The HUB won't stop airing FiM. Your correction is what I meant
HAMMER TIME
STOP.
Hammer
Iain: dont ask that
GOOFY HOLLER
Iain: live action
yes fluttershy carpent
hammer
Kandarihu: But why call it season 3 and 4 and not just all for season 3, if they're going to air it right after?
and here is hoping that the hub knows just how popular of a show they've got on their hands. they'd be fools to cancel it
Sentry goin' up!
Strange hammers you have there
they're artists!
Iain something tells me G5 will have two different types. The unofficial fan make, and the official release. The fan make will be better in every way.
Family Guy's on TBS, FOX, Adult Swim and I forgot the last one.
I just wish MLP was on more channels than Hub and Treehouse in here
Somepony should put that thing out of its misery
I think it'd help it was just Applebloom did that on her own
00,10DERPDERPDERPDERP. it's called not paying for more then they have to.
like I would love to see it in YTV
:( *SQUEE*
Sssssh
hahaha
SQUEE
XD
squee
TACTICAL SQUEE INBOUND!
I don't think it is going to be right after it, more like a 2 or 3 month break between
D'awwwwww <3
Squee
Squee <3
SQUEE
Squee
SQUEE!
sqee
SQUEE
<3 'Shy
NO
ingwaz: Oh they're not going to cancel it, no worry about that. it's far too popular right now.
add sickle and you are CMCC WORKERS UNITE
I would play that game all day
you just lost the GAME
NO
/me squees
NOOOOOOOOO!
Why is she holding her breath?
did she say: Me three???
D:
CUTEST SOUND IN THE WORLD RIGHT THERE
Inb4 no
What is the point?
aww, but I like coal
NO!
They have coal mines in Equestria?
yay
NO
AJIsAwesome: I'm back!
wugglu
yay
Syndication isn't about putting it out on networks, it's about getting it on individual stations scheduled around network programming.
dont want a hammer CM, but you want a coal CM? O_o
:3
Snuggly Wuggly
wittle?
Dark92Enigma: Welcome back!:)
00,10why pay for 78 eps when you can get the same goal paying or 65
why are ponies cute?
inb4 song
Squee
mitamaking if they have a royal army, I think there are coal mines
coal mining is VERY dangerious VERY VERY VERY dangerious
GilDash, why so quiet?
hey i got 1 lets go play portal 2
me 3
CCCP: because PONIESSSSS
I am begining to think one of the story boarders has an obsession with chimneys.
hush now
NO
PONY: Busy. :S
<3
SONG
hush now
TACTICAL CUTE SINGING INBOUND!
DERPDERPDERPDERP: that would indeed be the logical thing. but i cannot help but be pesimistic somewhat.. i pray that i'm wrong and what a glorious day it would be if MLP became available on other channels as well, but i still have a slight fear
MadSurge hi <3
mostly becuase my dads father lost his life in a coal mine
warning for headphone user
/me feels sleepy
CM stands for Cole Miner, Coal Miner and Caring Man
NO!!! .. ITS BUFFERING
FS swallowed a music box O.o
Dat song <3
Song!
HUSH NOW QUIET NOT
and RCV!
GilDash, what is it up to now?
ear rape time...oh shit............
*falls asleep*
DAT SONG
NO
HASH NAW QUIAT NAW
<3
Dark92Enigma: And Cast Member
and then Sweetie was a black choir
*wakes up*
/me is suddenly awake
CALL YAP LAP!!!
COVER THY EARS
Oh, SHOOT. I forgot to take care of that Portal 2 Coupon. It expired already
R&B PONY
BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED
Dat JAzz voice
Who is doing the background singing?
PONY: That would be telling. ;)
*cue Yaplap&
BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEDDDDD
**
JESmith: Gonna make a list out of that
CMC are the new Power Puff Girls me thinks.
mitamaking: it's just her, her voice is just that massive
BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED
mitamaking: the chickens :D
scoots
/me starts bashing head to go back to sleep
bed
Alleluia!
YOU'LL WAKE UP DERPY
Barbetos|AtWork: well they certainly share similarities
OW!
MadSurge: So Scootaloo
00,10yes call yaplap so I can breat a 2x4 over the back of his skull
Sweetie got sent to the moon for waking up Celestia
GilDash! :D
oh yeah
Scootaloo heard her family calling
SCOOTALOO
thats some damn good sining for a kid
SWEETIE BELL Y U NO HAVE CUTIE MARK?
They jumped out the window?
Sumica: Do it! Please!
A CHICKEN OFF TO HERD SCOOTALOOS
SCOOTALOO'S SISTER'S!!!
CATCH ALL THE SCOOTALOO
MadSurge: Holla! :)
Sumica: ...but i love solrac
yay
no mic cutie mark yet?
MY STRAM LAGS LIKE SHIT
SHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAADUP
Sumica: I know, I think Kandiharu is saying he thinks they'll air 3 followed right after by 4 right after with the same amount of episodes. Just seems pointless to call it two seperate seasons to me. no doubt they're at least going for syndication though.
Get down from there scootaloo
COOCOO
It's coming
Did YAPLAP cover that song yet?
Scootaloo is not a chicken according to Maddy
yay
STAAAAAAAARE!!!!!!!!!!
FLUTTER STAIR
yay
haha
What woke up the chikens? Tis a mystery for the ages I guess...
CAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT
stare!!!!!
yaplap did a good iron will voice tho
Kandarihu: yes :)
:O
STARE
._.
yes he covered it
:O
Kandarihu yes
Kandarihu: He did it some time ago
If ponies are vegan, what do they need to domesticate chickens for?
Hello my friends <3
CAAAAAAAAAT CAAAAAAAAAT CAAAAAAAAAAAT CAAAAAAAT
00,10probably DERPDERPDERPDERP
MEDIC!
DA STARE:O
yesssssss massssssster
o-o
Magicz
DAT STARE
eggs
DA STAIRS
suddenly alien sound
*cue Koyaanisqatsi*
STAAAREE
BonyHepSits: eggs...
Haki of the Conquering King!
but x3
@_@
BonyHepSits profit
:S:(
BonyHepSits: Eggs?
Buttershy
bop bop bop
BonyHepSits: its just fluttershy taking care of them
BOP BOP BOP
SWETIE BELL Y U SCOOTALOO
00,10alot of the oddnes of it comes from big busness
eggs aren't vegan btw
=_(\
Good night fluttersha!
lies
FlutterMEDIC the kind of vegan that can't have eggs
No thanks?!
No tanks.
BonyHepSits: then you are insane
No hanks.
good night fluttershy >_>
Hive mind
00,10you know the eggs are probably for all the pastries pinkie makes
hush now FLutters
if s4 airs immediately after s3, i think i'd squee all over the place
dat teleport
bad with kids
Sumica: Unfertilized eggs?
Although the Scootachicken is fun when it comes to this stuff: http://poniponi.com/f/2598/
SpeedyBolt: :D
:D
wat
00,10wth kind of question is that mitamaking?
: D
i think mlp ahould go on for 99999999 seasons
hi ScootaChicken!
I mean could the eggs all be unfertilized
BonyHepSits: Chickens for pets?
:O?
OMG
NOOOO!!!
And this: http://furry-direct.1d4.us/_images/13d7b44e8b3f2566d1d74cf0bef9e3f0/22031%20-%20absurd_res-abuse-attacking-box-bruise-crying-docwario-equine-female-flying-friendship_is_magic-hair-hat-hi_res-horse-house-link-multi-colored_hair-my_little_pony-parody-pegasus-pony-purple_eyes-purple_hair-rainbow-rainbow_dash_%28mlp%29-rainbow_hair-red_eyes-scootabuse-scootaloo_%28mlp%29-shield-sword-tears-the_legend_of_zelda-tree-tunic-video_games-weapon-wings-
yay
JESmith: i saw that one. it makes so much sense!
D'oh
00,10have you seen any rousters?
Woa that link
MLP should go up to Season 5, and thats it
:P
dat link
DAT TEXT WALL
Should tinyurl'd that
not enogh
mother of links
SCOOTALLOOOOOOO
SCOOTALOO!
scoot-scootaloooooo
Scoot Scootaloo
:p
SCOOTALOO!!!!!!!
SCOOTALOO, SCOOT-SCOOTALOOOOOOO
and history was made
00,10and then every one pinged Scoot-Scootaloo
SpeedyBolt: why only season 5?
AND A GREAT MEME WAS BORN.
I have fond memories of watching cartoons during syndication blocks. It's hard to explain it, but it had more of a homey feel to it.
Sounds so southern there
:D
scootaloo scoot scoot scootaloo
00,03...
mitamaking they sound canadian to me
Note to self: Scroll back and check how long the link is next time
LIVING TREE
-_(\
And then a FOX symbol
You jus a lil chicken! cheepa cheepa cheep!
is 2
Ohai Scoot-Scootaloo :D
Because a show can only go on for so long until it gets bad
4chan?
Scoot-Scootaloo: I pity you...
FOX NEWS FAIR AND BALANCED
EEEP
is not
Nightmare fuel time
dat Coraline tree
Malk: SUUURE :D
00,10dont you meen Faux news?
scootaloo is a chicken
Oh god the cuteness AAAHHHRRRGGG
cutiemark for arguing http://derpy.me/-kpOs
stoned
:O
Is she "stoned"? AHAHAHHAA
:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O
CrimsonPhoenix: :D
00,03You wanna know why I'm named Scoot-Scootaloo? Because I'm a chick magnet!
Sumica no Fox News
Twilight is STONED OFF HER ASS
Twilight got stoned?
:O:O:O:O
dont move ^^
Scoot-Scootaloo: oh SNAP! ;)
TWILY NO!!!!!!! :'(
Scoot-Scootaloo: no your not :I
I would just let them die.
DONT MOVE?
Twilight y you get stoned?
BILL O REILY MUCH
FOX
:D
yay
Random pony
think about it, if CMC wouldn't have gone to the woods, Twi might have been lost FOREVERRRRRRRR
Two ponies aruguing
You know
other pony on the screen '-'?
suddenly,new pony
Scoot-Scootaloo Worst joke ever
an attorney badge
what?
The other mane 6 would eventually find out
who's that OC?
FLUTTERSHY, Y U NO FLY CMC OUT OF THEIR!?!?!!?
Or Spike.
ingwaz: I don't think Family Guy has
Who is that pony?
Dont move
giggle at the ghostie
....:'(
One Piece has gone on for over a decade but it's still going strong.
suddenly a new pony appears
what? ... new pony?!
Dat scootaloo recolor.
:O Scoot-Scootaloo's OC?
Kandarihu: Agreed.
giggle at Scoots
who is that random pony at the top
Its scoots OC
2 chickens... 3 scootaloos
dat OC pony
Kandarihu he still hasn't found one piece?
ITS A COCK
.-.
Chicken is a spy!!
LUNA
A wild pony appeared...
I just saw the Chicken from Outer Space, those eyes are the same
Hey mod can you move that Pony to the right of the screen '-'?
hello everypon3
Luna woke up! oO
EARRAPE INBOUND!
INB4 EARRAPE
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
luna woke up
mitamaking: i dunno, i watch family guy sometimes, sometimes it can be pretty funny. not always of course. but so long as a show doesnt get too full of itself, then it can keep its roots and keep on going
00,03My OC is too MLG anyway~
Luna actually wakes up1
dat snail
SNAIL
GODDAMMIT OBAMA
i'd love to see 10 seasons of mlp
should've brought some gold needles
ANYPONY GOT MY BILL O´REILY JOKE?
MY EARS HURT SO MUCH
Stop desktop pony spam!
heh dat pony using internet
B*TCH STFU!
RUN, RUN, IM COMING FOR YOU!!
KHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN
rip earphone user
AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH :O:O:O
Nooo Luna left the screen!!!
EVERYPONY PANIC
how does he add the ponies
Oh wait
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEe
I believe a show can go as long as it wants to, as long as it's original and creative.
FUCK UP
so much ear rape
That look
/me stares at the cockatrice
What would your mother say?
STARE AT DEM CHICEKN SNAKE!!!
Dken2021, he was almost told exactly where it was from someone who knows. He threatened to give up being a pirate if he heard the answer.
STAIR STAIR
DARE TO STARE
STAIR OFF
Inb4 DED
xD
DA STARE!!!!!
shit just got real
D:
.-.
Inb4 Flutterrage
:D
You know, what if other people got turned to stone?
:C
AJIsAwesome: I still don't understand how Spongebob is still going
what would happen if she failed there :P
would twi die?
Fluttershy WINs, humiliation!
MaxTheBrony: ded
Title drop
he is he making the stuff with the ponies? ..
TITLE DROP
MaxTheBrony: Applejack would save the day
Twi would be there, so would Fluttershy
Oh hey, title drop.
Dark92Enigma: That's a BAD example of a tv show going on for a long time.
MaxTheBrony: no she would remain in stone till eternity
AJIsAwesome: Or they can keep going even after they run out of odeas. That didn't stop The Simpsons or Family Guy
They'd eventually just...you know...be found
fatality
aww
D:
AJIsAwesome: Don't get me wrong i love spongebob, but the show is crap right now
Kandarihu really? he give it up just for that?
She's the queen of stairs? :D
ideas
MaxTheBrony: given Twi's reaction when she's revived, seems more like an unconscious stasis
Dark92Enigma: I agree.
Fluttershy y u no shy?
ah
MaxTheBrony: she would have been stoned, the CMC would have ran screaming out of the Forest and Zecora would have found FS and TS and change them back with a herbla remedy most likely
AJ could had helped Flutters here
poor elizabeak
TWILIGHT YOU WERE JUST A STATURE! AT LEAST ACT LIKE YOUR A LITTLE FREAKED OUT!
YOU GOT STONED TWILIGHT
ah :D
Dken2021, he's in it more for the adventure than for personal gain.
How does he make dat stuff with dem desktop ponies
:D
You are the Title drop
TWILIGHT, YOU WERE STONED TODAY!
rdibp: she's a mage in training, little surprises her when she expects it
dat pony
Brony_90: There's a setting that lets you edit or make your own.
Dark92Enigma: SHE WAS FROZEN TODAY!
00,10rarity is amazinly composed for having opal haning from her flank this whole time.
dear princess celestia, today i got stoned
Girls?
LAWL
Sumica, she's practiced
Sumica: she had the entire trip over to get used to it
girls
she**
Sumica: I think she is used to it
yay
YAAAAY
*wonk*
yay
Rarity has not enough authority
YAAAY
:D
yay
NAAAAAAAAAO
YAAAAY
what in the hay?! i didnt get any airtime in this episode
somepony_else dear tiwlight im so proud of you finally getting out to parties and making friends
yay
dat scrunchy face
:D
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY
^^
epic outtro
Please stop laughing this really hurts
Hahahahah she's in pain
Twilight is the Pony Whisperer
lol
clap clap
10/10
to the intermission!
Iain: lol
what episode did i miss?
lotto time
00,10So hey it's lotto time
00,10we even managed to get a survay out this week
LOTTO TIME!
00,03Yay~
11,02Dat +m
00,03even if it was bit late, it's still somethin~
00,10so first up we have number 35 The_Browncoat with Batman 1989
00,03sadly, Adma West isn't in it :(
00,03Adam*
00,10post adam west but pre nippes on the suit. I am ok with this
00,03George Clooney is meh batman anyway~
00,10Next we have number 4 Ladycanary with.......Red
00,03the pokemon master?
00,03Red is best pokemon master~
00,03Also, for the record, This Batman is a Tim Burton Movie
6I'm surprised there are this many people on here.. x.x
11,02Red? o.o
0,5RED
0,5the color of bacon
11,02Lemme look up budget details
0,5reeeed
0,10and her spy novels as the only things fun in her life. When something in Frank's past forces Frank back into his old line of work and puts an unwitting Sarah in the middle of the intrigue, Frank and Sarah begin a journey into Franks past and the people he used to work with. Like Frank they are all RED ... Retired Extremely Dangerous.
11,02It made a huge profit in box office.
11,02$58 million budget with profits of $200 million
0,5MORGAN FREEMAN!!?
11,02So yeah, sounds like a good movie to me...
Wait
There was a lotto this week?
00,10yeah reroll
11,02But not really a cult classic nor did horrible in sales.
olook The_Browncoat won again
00,03As much a we would like 2 A movies, we can't :(
00,03as*
0,5Dat Flaschenoe11
hey.
0,5Hai <:
which movie is coming next?
00,10anothere not so sure number 48 Cameh Dude with starshiptroopers
11,02Hmm...
oh goddammit really?
they aren't gonna show RED bc it's TOO good?
THE HELL
JUST SHOW THE DAMN MOVIE!
00,03Def. B movie
11,02I didn't do /that/ well in box office
11,02And I believe it has a cult following
00,10if it was the second third or forth film I would agree
7.0, 60 mill budget, financial success.
00,10but the first hard to say
Woo, 5 of us. <:
not their fault people dont know the difference between A and B :P
11,02I'd give it another reroll >>
doesn't matter
just show it
i-you-watch-it-it's-worse-than-shit doesn't really work as an excuse.
00,10oki reroll it is
*if-
6^^
I'm just tired of GOOD MOVIES being passed over
0,5keeeep rollin rollin rollin
00,10and another reroll after that
6How've you been? :3
bc they don't fit criteria that is as fluid as bird crap
0,5keep them movies rollin
00,1089 kirzstrife with judge dredd
00,10so reroll =p
and then we get utter shit movies instead
0,5bird crap is pretty fluid
Pretty good thanks, you?
i know, i would love to see Red
0,5it gets all over peoples windshields
that the ONLY redeeming feature is watching Rifftraxed ala D-Wars
11,02JUDGE TIME
6Fine,thx ^^
Just give me the B movie.
00,10number 22 pony_7007 with Clue
0,5INDEED SB
rolling rolling rolling
keep those movies rollling
11,02Haha
keep those dice a-rolling
11,02Don't think it's available to be picked yet
BULLSHIT!
Was it you who liked Green Day, C7?
0,5Guys, stop putting good movies into the wrong categories! D:
11,02Lemme check
00,10*headdesk*
ok this is getting silly now
goddammit
6Yeah :P
really?
6Why?
0,5Otakon: If people actually thought about how they votes....
four rerolls
I saw them live the other day. :P
0,5Think about your movies
BaconMane: doesn't matter dammit, RED would have worked
11,02Nah, too soon for Clue to be streamed again.
inb4 we get an utter shit movie
open the file, find my number and name, and pick mine. It's not that hard.
6:O How was it? *.*
PICK ME
I PICKED A GREAT B MOVIE!
Pretty good, their set got cut short though
Dead Alive
fits B movie to a TEE
6:O
pick me and we'll have a Batman movie night;]
6I wish they'd come here..they never have so far.. ._.
They were encouraging people to make big pits and mosh, so eventually a security guard carried the lead singer off stage
00,10ok then 57 ZappyTheUnicorn with the blues brothers
6:O
This is why I try to avoid the lottery. Witnessing poor movie choices beat mine.
inb4 5th reroll
FINALLY!
FINALLY!
BLUES BROTHERS IS A TRUE B!
sooo many rerolls
it's a cult classic
low budget
inb4 moar reroll
it's a musical
no no no
BB is a B!
itw was my A pick this week;p
otakon you're a B
Well, if Young Frankenstein is a cult movie, then so it BB
BonyHepSits: I wish i was, so I could sting you IN THE EYE
Tovler: eeyup
11,02Oh lordy
otakon you can't sting me if I'm wearin sunglasses
no
NO NO NO
11,02That's a B Movie
I DO NOT WANT TO SEE OH LORDY
*phew*
6Truth is I haven't really been paying much attention to them..I'm only aware that they made another album or something.. x) >.<
or you could reroll and pick my movie. REROLL
11,02And would make somepony very, very happy >>
FINALLY!
Tovler: too late they found a B movie
00,10ok then pony eps while you all debate
inb4 I get 1st episode
/me nomz peanuts in anticipation
00,10102 derp star with boast busters
if it party of one or luna eclipsed i'll scream
11,02My my my...what boasting.
11,02Cookies o.o
00,10and 37 Cypresswolf with fall weather friends
Cello everyone
Well I thought it was worth going to see them since they were playing at the festival
11,02UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
hai LunaTheBeloved
6Random question..who are shibaru and BlueFlare?
11,02Hai LunaTheBeloved ^-^
How's it going?
11,02Good :o
oh well boast busters got pick i'm happy
00,10le sigh
6^^ Who else was at the festival?
hiya LunaTheBeloved
goddammit
so many rerolls
/me rerolls the actor playing otakon
enope
I do all my own stunts
/me otakon will now be played by Gilbert Godfried
That's the full lineup
It's bloody long though. :P
WHAT AM I? INVISIBLE?!
6xD
/me screams angrily in a shrill voice that cracks concrete and breaks glass.
/me 's glasses break
Oh come on.
otakon you broke my favorite lamp :|
longest lottery so far
00,10go ahead and talk wille this is sorted ^_^
oh crap
SON OF A BITCH!
Gosh
DRAGON QUEST
i never win, even with a billion rerolls
huh, interesting almost choice
whew, the silence was scaring the crap out of my there
MMMMystery
/me hate everyone because his movies were picked.
THERE!
/me otakon will now be played by Gary Busey
/me takes this oppurtunity to give everone a good poke
Sumica, SuperBrony64: Starship Troopers was a B movie on 2011-06-17
poke
Wow.. i just saw a trailer of the new Silent Hill Movie...
I thought the chat died
Do you hear that?
/me gets poked
00,10yes mitamaking, but that dont meen much
ALMOST TO 200
new Silent hill movie?
they're mnaking another silent hill movie?
really?
yes, its the sound of how awesome I am
/me wanders about mumbling to himself
I wonder what Red will be like........hmm.
desertman21: Me too ._.
6Nice :3 Pretty huge lineup indeed.. o.o
silent Hill revelations 3D
Then why no Judge Dredd for B-movie?
AJIsAwesome: it's not getting played
hum just to be sure Fl00tersh41 the side rooms never open right ?
I didn't really pay attention so i don't really care
infact. The Stream was horrible last time Starship Troopers aired that gave up and left.
mitamaking: bc kirz won before
otakon: Aw, man.:(
does anyone think there will be an mlp episode where they talk about death?
are links allowed?
rdibp: never
rdibp: no
Brony_90 image links, yes
only images
good
rdibp: Considering it's also a kids show, probably not.
rdibp: unless it's one of the very last or THE last ep to be made before G5
No youtube Silent Hill trailer Liks?
this music is friom CIV3
mitamaking, kirzstryfe won the Bmovie for today
has the stream gone back in time, or has the countdown restarted :|
rdibp: no, they may alloud(sp) to it
That SH movie better be raterd at least R. All I'm sayin
I SAID GOOD
mitamaking: not only did he win it before, youre watching kirz's choice right now
Flyboy: Yes.
I didn't win, SO HAAAAAAAAAAX :D
IT WAS JUST A TEST :[
rdibp kid's show, girls, NEVER SAY DIE!
AJIsAwesome: why?
twilight_sprinkle: I never EVER get in the lottery...........tell me how to get in! (hugs your hooves) please
awww, I didn't see them mention that
:[:[:[
twilight_sprinkle: sorry about that
Hello, everypony!
Well I take it since the surveys got out so late, you guys didn't have time to sort them out prior to the lotto. Thought I'd never see another big reroll again since you simplfied things
Congrats to The_Browncoat for winning the A movie again.
Dken2021: too late, they already said it! :D
Flyboy: Because muffins.
so i'm guessing the blues brothers is the hot topic of debate
Dark92Enigma: about what? i can explain what i know no prob
Fine, but Blues Brothers for a B movie seems a stretch with that cast and the money it made
Oh great D-wars is next
otakon: There is going to be a long amount of time seperating the end of G4 and the begining of G5, the shows at least.
AJIsAwesome: DEAR CELESTIA...!
blues brothers is a great movie
DerpyMuffins: at least it's Rifftrax D-Wars
11,02Brony_90: Only image links :)
somepony_else: agreed
SuperBrony64: Lyra' would be happy
Hopefully I"ll win B next time.
can i get the permission to send a SH revelation trailer Link?!
11,02otakon: Ikr >3>
00,03Nah
6Meh,can't wait for Tuesday *.*
:)
So if the movies are decided why are we running through intermission again? Why don't we skip to the movie now?
otakon too bad she ain't here :<
In 1983 $115,229,890, how is that B?
huh... first silent hill movie really WAS R.... didn't feel like it...
Someday i will win the lotery,and we will see Singing in the Rain for A movie :'(
Aaah, weeks need to pass quicker, i want to enter againnn :D
Dear Princess Celestia I learned today that if you use a knife and hot water on a pickle jar it will open perhaps like how if you warm up to someone they will open up to you and then you stab them
It's funny, I remember voting for a specific movie and pony episode, and the person who won picked the same exact things as I did.
So are we getting rifftrax again?
XylemTube: Probably.
twilight_sprinkle: about getting in the lottery......one week i have to go to a certain side room, the next week, i have to fill a survey THAT I HAVE NEVER BEEN MENTIONED BEFORE.......so i need your help
only winning A but not B must be a nice problem to hav… *deletes message*
What's happening on Tuesday?
Sergio_Scriptor: and one day I will win the lottery, and then we'll watch mutant zombie vampires from the hood as a B movie:3
glad my pony episode didn't get picked, kinda goofed and didn't choose Dragon Quest
my pick for the lottery were the secret of nimh as a-movie and bill and ted's excellent adventure as b
Agrold: cool :P
Agrold: I could live witht hat tbh
I'm still going strong with Kung Pow for B film
also, Brain Dead WILL BE SHOWN ONE DAY I SWEAR IT!
Someday I will win and you all will see my favorite movie, Metropolis(2001) or my second favorite movie Maximum Overdrive
If I win we watch Thank you for smoking and super size me
Dken2021: great B movie
OH COOL! This means we can ponify MST3K song! anypony agree?
bill and ted could be fun to revisit
11,02i liek cookies \:3/
6Red Hot Chili Peppers concert :3
mitamaking: I saw metropolis...oh the tears :'(
Tiramisu and beer is a wonderful combination :3
So, what are the movies for next week?
Kung Pow was AWESOME
Dark92Enigma: The side room stuff was last week only as a temporary thing. I didn't know if they would do that again this week or not. But they got the surveys out at the last minute yesterday
/me hands SuperBrony64 a box of cookies.
My A movie pick was a movie you will never see because I'll never win the lottery.
did anyone hear about zombiu?
12you should come here more often
otakon: Would you agree with it being an A movie?
6Hiya ^^
My B movie was MST3K the movie!
Sergio)Scriptor dont you want to watch super size me and thank you for smoking?
what movie are we watching?
Tovler: what movie did you pick?
kidzrul434, wow. That would be the ultimate B Movie
mitamaking: Metropolis? no not really since it wasn't widely known.
6I just usually don't bother cause I assume the place is empty >.<
/me noms on the cookie
otakon: I really feel it is
Malk: i would like to watch super size me,it's an awesome documentary :3
rdibp: besides it looking awesome and sadly not being out for anything else?
huh?
HERE IT COMES!
6How are ya? ^^
EVIL!
Agrold: Big Fish
:o
:O
Since when has Starship Troopers been a B-Movie anyway? That flick is brilliant, and spawned two horrible sequels plus one decent animated one.
Oh nooooo.
I hated Super Size Me, NO DUH on the food being bad for you
So...
The hell
oh shi
:O what is this
Sergio_Scriptor good thats my B movie
PONY: it's campy as hell for one
I still don't know where to vote for Norbit or Friday fro A film though
Here we goooo
shoebox
Think outside the box
Did I just join for Dragon Wars?
Here we go :)
Klumzeedragon: Yep.
Rifftrax?
Mind sharing the B-movie choice with us?
PONY: campyness is usually associated with B-ness
otakon, purposely cliché
Eeeeeew. I did. xD
Klumzeedragon mmhmm
Klumzeedragon: eeyup
00,03Think Inside the chimney!
will we get th rift this time as well or no?
YES
Rifftrax, eh?
Well, if it's Rifftrax all the way through, I guess I'll be going.
Rifftrax! :)
Oh dear, Dragon Wars?
YEAH
Rifftrax WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
twilight_sprinkle: JESmith OK thanks i took notes this time
PONY: purposefully or not, campy is B quality
12Good, kind of busy but good :3
EVERYONE
Since Big Fish isn't a movie bros would rally behind, I can't convince others to pick it for me.
12and you?
who is speaking?!
that was some mods talking guys that was crazy
/me can't stop pouting.
what is this?
meh, not in a Rifftrax mode, see you for the episode maybe
EVERY FIVE HUNDREND YEARS A WOMAN IS BORN
Yay for Big Fish
dat dragonheart reference :3
TheMonstaMuffin: It's Rifftrax
00,03These are NOT dragons! :|
Malk: :D
6:O
otakon, your opinion is free, but wrong, and you should feel bad.
Dark92Enigma: you can just make a screenshot :p or you can always ask a mod
Bye Kandarihu have a nice day if you are leaving
I thought we WMC this thing! :D Why make the Europeans suffer it too!?
6I'm fine,thx ^^
Kothen oh, thx
WHY IS THERE COMMENTARY :[:[!
MadSurge: A movie so bad we need to show the Rifftrax
Spike approves
Klumzeedragon: Did they last night
hey klumzseedragon whats up dude
Ohh this movie
Douche Wars!
mmm, Boba Tea
they didn't
WUT
Because godawful movie, rdibp :P
I love riffing it as well
Klumzeedragon: it's that bad, huh?:P
Scoot-Scootaloo: The title of D-Wars reflect the fight to become a Dragon, even though THE GOOD GUYS NEVER FUCKING SHOW UP
who are the commenters?
Could someone ping me when the Rifftrax is over? I really want to watch this movie, but not with the Rifftrax over it. So I'm outta here.
also, why do B-movs always have a commentary now days? We can make our own jokes :3
JESmith: Because this movie is... Unbearable if it werent for the commentary! 6_9
Sergio_Scriptor lets go get a supersized mcdonalds meal
looks like the site of a bomb or an explosion
rdibp: Plus, the commentary SAVES this movie.
rdibp: Rifftrax. |You know, the MST3K guys
inb4: We dug too deep...
rdibp: Wait till later.
:O:O:O I LOVE THOSE GUY
Malk: oh god no :d
WE WENT TO FAR WOAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
mitamaking: Yeah. I thought so. :D
MadSurge: It was medieval Korea, not japan
Which one, real or joke
Sergio_Scriptor its proven to be good for you
The original plan was to play it without Rifftrax, have it get WMC'd, then play the MST3K'd version due to WMC.
Im watching this movie with my Pinkie Pie and rainbow Dash brushable pony toys:)
Dat Zoom lens
these guys are like bronystate but with a voice
Malk: yeah,sure :d
Kandarihu I'll try to remember, but I may have to leave before the movie is over
Oh finally! The movie begins!
I HAVE COVERED WATS
rdibp: are they bronys?
XD FUCK
A COMPUTER *GASP*
no backstory for that?
He is the chosen? xD
Yeesh
rdibp: I'd swear someone said that last night too...?
00,10ok our line up
Alright. I have part of the IRC on my screen anyways.
Rex_Mundi: Too bad I became a brony after they stop releasing those.:(
00,10The_Browncoat with Batman 1989
00,10Cameh Dude with starshiptroopers
00,10derp star with boast busters
00,10Cypresswolf with fall weather friends
pony_300 :O
Polydunami lawl
and whats that necklace from how did he get it WE WILL NEVER KNOW LOLS
Agrold: Yeah. :D Hence the commentary to make it tolerable.
No touchy
how does he do the stuff with the background ponies?
Moopy: Hey! :)
okay so i guess we will know
AJIsAwesome: What? they still sell brushable pony toys
Don't molest the Buddha with your curiosity
Selling in Skyrim in a nutshell.
Brony_90: Desktop Ponies.
i always want to look these guys up but i can never remember their names :'(
Brony_90 those are desktop ponies, available in windows and mac ( I think)
THE ARK!!!!!!!!!!!
Rex_Mundi: I'm talking about the McDonald ones.
they sell brushable here still
mmmmmmmmmmm
HNNNGG
Curiosity box
/me goes off to youtube while he waits for the two best scenes in the movie
yet they neverheard a keypad break
DON'T OPEN YOUR EYES!
asian george lopez?
Showbox
6*le_sigh*
Mmm.
My antiques are tingling!
this is a very silent Chat.
Havent seen any McD ponies for months
DAT MMMMMMMMMMMm
Anyone wrote to me?
heartattack STEALL ALL HIS SHIT
is that adam west?
Ded
My Chest
God no
That seems like a good list for next week, Sumi. xD
right up
rdibp: It was made in Korea so no
yes it is
AJIsAwesome: The brushables are the best because of the pretty brushable mane.
oh boy
12that's good :3
lets get creepy
it is usually on EMN
oh my
I like their manes
lawl
WOAH!
Prepare Inception buttons!
Prepare to be molested
WOOOAAH
Woah
Imoogi
wrong Takei sound
6^^
this rifftrax sux in the beginning, but picks up pretty good in the seond half
are NOT Dragon's
OH MAI
they want to BE Dragon's
What is this?
/me otakon will now be played by Pauly Shore
the deal is 10000$ bucks
THAT SCROLL IS A SPY!
:kickcount otakon
hello otakon, again
Pinkie-Pie-pony: D-Wars with Rifftrax
otakon: otakon has been kicked 11 times
Scoot-Scootaloo: You're right. Just giant Imogi snakes.
They noticed the scroll too
fuck you BerryPunch
Applejack2012: The pretty hair is fun to brush.
Hey don't touch my amoogi!
how many guys are there?
00,03IKR?
That scroll was schrodingers scroll
6Gah..I'm to bored to even watch Bleach.. o.o ._.
00,03FALSE ADVERTISING >: (
Pinkie-Pie-pony: Dragon Wars. :D
Celestian?
Best worst movie
rdibp I'm a guy, you?
It's only there untill you look at it, then its gone
"HEART ATTACK! ... nah I got better" < "They made me a newt ... I got better"
Male
rdibp: It's Mike, Bill (Crow), and Kevin (Tom Servo)
cobra?
15
00,10flash backs in flashbacks
Wow i already watched this movie,but i didn't like it =/ and it's short(this is not s spoiler ok '-' i just saying that it is shot but i'm not saying the time XD)
may as well have played it without Rifftrax. You'll never remember this exposition.
Scoot-Scootaloo: I know. This movie makes me so sad. It's in the Minor League.
Flashception
Flashback in a Flashback
Sumica a flashback dream to a flashback that happened in a previous life
Bwong!
Flashbackception
YIOOOOOOOOO
Yo Dawg
00,03VERY Minor League...
rdibp: just wait.
485 years in the past of 15 years ago
Bbbbbbbuddy
Prepare Inception buttons! I goes DERPER!
BARAKA?
Baraka's in this movie? SWEET
no
This movie makes no sense
Buraki
NOT Baraka
CK|GW2: So is Wesker.
But....D:
thought so too
ohai everypony :)
DerpyMuffins: flashbacks within flashbacks
Yo dawg I heard you like flashbacks so I put a flashback in your flashback, so you can flashback while you flashback
hiya Michael
hai Michael
NINJA!
Michael: Hello!
Heya Michael!
Ninja yay
Now 20 years in the future
the concept of 'Heaven' in confusism and taoism is a very complicated concept thats hard to describe.
good evening
Michael: Hi =D
FORMED~
Hello Michael :)
....Pei Mei?
so 465 from flashback
Hi Applejack2012
about*
so this movie is ni\othing of flashbacks and forwards
You've let yourself go, man
WII WEE WI WEE WI WEE.
rdibp: The original one didn't show them.
Hello Applejack2012
So "My love" in Korean is "Ninja" ... Boy, that explains a lot, perfect assasins out of jealous boyfirends
I can't hear the story because of the commentary
:O
hello
rdibp: Because we wouldn't understand them without them
Apple_jack: Hello!
rdibp, it was kinda important to the story
WHAT IN TARNATION!? two applejacks!?
see u guys l8r
Wow... the New SH Movie seems pretty good
Applejack2012: Hello!
/me hugs otakon Dken2021 AJIsAwesome Klumzeedragon Katalenic MLP_Brovakiin
Apple_jack: Tab fail.
shes a changling!!!!
PONY My ninja Cadance
/me hugs Michael back!
Applejackception
TheMonstaMuffin: Well at this part you can read the story
What are you talking about: The Movie
lol
so when are they going to show the shadows?
Michael: *hugs back* How are you sir?
AlienWarhead: "My my love Cadence?"
PONY
JESmith not them, forget it
yes?
PON
/me scratch that, otakon will now be played by Irwin Keyes
PONY
Klumzeedragon: i'm good, you?
PONY close enough
that's a very pink dress
...
sarah jessica parker?
PONYPONYPONY
<3Cadance<3
...
I don't know who that is
and how has the dad not gotten medic in the whole time hes telling this story
Celestia...
so instean
Rock of Rove
look him up
omg
/me will be played by young Keanu Reeves
Tovler: I know right? Why Can't I Run From All these Snakes: The Movie.
Right, I'm going to be busy with something else.
I AM KEANU DRACULA!.... oh shit I mean...
nize
So I found out just now they are apparently finally making a Monsters Inc. sequel.
/me will now be played by himself
HARUM
Marx yup
pony
Marx: it's a prequel
Marx, so it seems
Marx: Prequel
PONY
IMOOGI!
PONY
stop saying PONY
dat dull surprise
Michael: Good! Just got finished gardening. :D Walked into this abomination of a movie. Sorry for complaining Sumica. I'll stop now!
/me otakon will now be played by Vincent Price's zombie. In death Vincent Price lost all his good acting skills.
Do snakes sound like cows in real life?
well that esculated quicly
The shit
The GOOD Imoogi that NEVER FUCKING SHOWS THE FUCK UP EVER
Dat CGI
*cue The Cycle of Life*
yay
Klumzeedragon: lol
this is a movie?
Ooooh what movie is this?
too many flashbacks!
D wars
Tovler: Dragon snakes do!
What was that flashback for
Flashback within a flashback within a flashback?
oh ok
3rd level flashbacks
Colt_Sterling Dragon wars
flash backs inside flashbacks
....A third flashback?
WHY
Kothen: I wont even
This movie is going to elicit SO MANY skyrim references from me.
The writers are lazy that is why CK|GW2
Kothen: Yup. I went deeper.
It***
But will it blend?
Barbetos: That explains nothing! D:<
Your element is the element of B movies
and how has the dad not gotten medic in the whole time hes telling this story
army out of nowhere
good thing the scouts detected them
O.o
BonyHepSits: I thought Vincent Price was always a evil Zombie Actor with awesome make-up job done.
wtf?!
Giant army out of NOWHERE!
omg
even the rift guys are saying it
Isnt the old Korea parts of this movie from a different movie entierly?
monsters
THE HORN OF GONDOR!
But then, everything changed when Mordor attacked
pikorar: Only thing it's missing is someone taking something to the knee.
I remember reading about this monsters in my history books. This really happend guys
Rex_Mundi: pretty sure yes
/me checks to see if this movie is older than the 8th pkmn movie
WTF
Rex_Mundi: I think so :D
So, Korea had some mighty some Warhorses back in the days
Tovler: it's not
And now for the medieval rocket launchers....
Dinosaurs with rocket launchers
Klumzeedragon: Don't worry, that'll happen. That'll happen, just wait and see~
The fuq?
....they have rockets?
They screwed
CALL THE ARTILLERY!
Logic this movie has none
desertman2: and the FULLY ARMORED SHIELDED WARRIORS IN CHINA
^^
They just blew up the Yu Yi Joo. The End.
History by Micheal Bay
Fl00tersh41: well the medieval was...you know what,not today :)
Dances_With_Discord, doesn't matter, cool action scenes
MICHAEL BAY REFERENCE
Famitracker. :3
MAN ON FIRE
CK|GW2: They have giant pokemons. Og course they also have rockets!'
explode everything
Dem Battletoads.
and big explosions
CK|GW2: Rockets were invented by the Chinese in Middle Ages, so i guess Koreans could have them too
pretty explosive material for medeival korea
Man on Fire for A movie
/me otakon will now be played by Stephen Baldwin
which girl?
kindling and gunpowder houses
seems legit
Fl00tersh41: Medieval Korea did have rocket launchers, kinda. It is called the Hwacha and its awesome, it was once on Mythbusters.
oh yea, I forgot this part was pretty cool too
rip kim jong Il
seemed like a good idea at the time
WHAT??? i was on facebook for like 2 mins and suddenly THIS!!!! DAFUQ DID I MISS!!!
oh hey Korean Uruk Hai
SirGanjalf: Yes, but those were limited use non-military rockets. These are the military sort. XD
Im surprised this isn't an A movie:)
Dken2021, explosives and rockets maybe, no nukes or missiles.
If I didnt know any better I'd say Michael Bay directed this
Rex_Mundi: and they where nothing like this movies rockets
Brony_90 surprisingly, not that much
Brony_90 giant army out of nowhere
owned
pikorar: I'll wait for your commentary. :D I watched this movie yesterday. I thik I know one scene that might work.
OMG lol wtf is this?
Willhelm scream. :I
Fl00tersh41: yep, nothing at all
wilhiem
He died wilhem :I
ad they are still using triceps...............
Wilhelm
WILHELM.
Wilhelm
WILHELM!
Wilhelm... stupid chat:|
WIL
wilhelm scream!
cue Wilhem scream
odd how fake Michael Bay movie are actually worse than MB movies (except Transformers 2)
ALL te villagers
Rex_Mundi: More like the bastard child of a spear and a new years fireworks rocket
Colt_Sterling Dragon Wars
Wilhelm died again :(
Fl00tersh41: Its still awesome
WE'RE HUNTING TURTLES
Gayer can only be better. At least how I see it.
MadSurge: this movie kills him multiple times
references, references everywhere
Shredder was pretty manly. So, high bar right there
not Willheim
Lightsaber
....the dragon people just wanted to look at boobs?
otakon: nooooo :'(
So we say Wilhelm whenever there's a Wilhelm Scream? :D
That's kind of a shitty reason to start a war
you sure they are "searching" for a mark?
Love these guys shiney plastic armor
Unicorn
dead
Klumzeedragon: yep :P
Maybe they should have looked for that one girl they desperately need alive, BEFORE they bombed the whole city to hell?
Dude, dragon people, it's called the INTERNET
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
and WHERE IS THE GOOD IMOOGI?
Rex_Mundi: IKR? It's soooo shiny *.*
WHERE IS THE GOOD IMOOGI?
you sure they are "searching" for a mark?
he's fucking ABSENT
If only Imoogi could fly
those don't look like asain dragons
otakon: He was taking a break
hay everypony
Good job there... honouring yer father's death and stuff
Sergio_Scriptor: Now I know!
hai JappleAck
hey JappleAck
Evil Imoogi gets a WHOLE FUCKING ARMY and the Good Imoogi does JACK SHIT to stop it.
JappleAck: Hello!
OOOOHHHHHHH
That guy's the Korean version of Gandalf
Pei Mei bout to kick some asses
JappleAck: Hey there!
haduken!
This is better than the whole movie
Wait. When did Pei Mei learn how to shoot fireballs?
BJ time
desertman2: But he will die like Boromir.
when is this flashback over?
WHYwhy do i always miss the movie. :(
that's it, place your head back into my lap.... there we go
yup, BJ
Oh noes
I want to watch the movie the Korea parts of this film are originally from.
otakon: butbutbut heaven already sent two guys! TWO GUYS!
old man is badass
pony_300: :D
i im still WONDERING WHY THE HELL THIS BACKSTORY IS STILL GOING ITS TURNED INTO A COMPLETELY DIFFERENT MOVIE
JappleAck: Just started. :D You havent missed anything. Promise.
MadSurge: while hell basically get's a WHOLE DAMN ARMY
Is that Starswirl the Bearded?!
Quick_Thinker: It is from a different movie:D
otakon: ikr :D
suddenly CLIFF!
DragonCon was awesome. guess who i saw there
hands off my social security!
JappleAck: who?
Confirmed
Quick_Thinker, the guy who's telling the story read LOTR last night, and is mixing up some stuff... He's old you know, so it makes sense to forgive him for few mistakes.
BronySith!
they've been dumped into a tea
i wub everypony /)^3^(\
JESmith: My internet derped
JappleAck: Wow. Cool!
ESL/
What do you mean a better script writer?
rdibp: We wub you too! ~<3
okay if the guy was really having a heart attack e
....it belongs to Yuna?
Dken2021: and then that old man drank them
:P
oh shi
why would a stranger tell all this to a little kid
?
When did Yuna get into this movie?
:O
see them talking about someone becoming a dragon? Remember this.
that's the old man from before
i think
he's gonna fail a second time
00,10cause the kid opend the box of stuff
okay if the guy was really having a heart attack he would BE DEAD ALREADY SLOWEST MAN EVER TO CALL THE MEDICS
lol... tramp stamp this time
Sumica: So, a pandforas box story?
too bad that kid's dad didn't have a cell pho… o wait this story is prolly early 90s
he faked it
<_< I am totally not screwing with you
and the dad never comes
hey it's that guy
Quick_Thinker, deception was so strong, it even worked on the audience.
Is that the prince?
Hi black friend
finally the flashbacks are over
lol, mcrib
Hey, It's that guy from Zack and Miri make a Porno
so did the dad ever come back?
WAIT WE WERE IN A FLASHBACK IN A FLASHBACK!?!?
My internet derped:P
Hello black nameless guy
cant wait till the car
flashbackception
rdibp: Yup. We sure were.
so did the dad ever come back?
:|
XD
You don't say
Quick_Thinker, probably fell into some ancient Korean Booby Trap and was never seen again
come to think of that, the layered flashbacks did screw me up first time around
how convient that he works for the IRS
:( Black guy is the only actor I recognize.
so what was it, a flashback with 3 flashbacks in it?
MCRib is back? It happens every year now not really big news
spoiler: the entire movie is a flashback!and at the end of the movie it turns out the entire movie was a flashback
please explain this joke PONY
I cannot wait untill the angry homeless guy makes a comeback :D
:O
brb
owaw i failed to cut my comment..
Quick_Thinker, you are the one called Quick Thinker.
brb
It's her
he so dreamy
ew
MLP_Brovakiin: Don't ruin it for people!
im quick thinker NOT a smart thinker
lol
Terroristerism
So.. is this the famous "Girl with the dragon tattoo"'s prequel or something?
Klumzeedragon: Sorry :$
and it chose a white woman because?
man, there are iphones with better resolution than that TV
twilight_sparkle: o/~ I see you trollin.... :)o /~
Klumzeedragon: I DIDNT EVEN NOTICE IT UNTIL YOU BROUGHT IT UP :[:[:[
Dken2021: Wanted someone "hot"
And now to CGNN's "The Problem Room", with our host, Bear Grylls
aaaand back, with yummi pizza :D
MLP_Brovakiin: ;) It's all good.
Dken2021: the guy who casted The Last Airbender casted this movie too
lol, at the mother inlaw joke
rdibp: o 3o Shh.
M.night Shallammababa?
00,10best moment
diamond
BEST!
omg levitation
YES THIS SCENE
totally legit
Yay best sceen
:D
XD
xD
WHT
XD
what?
did that guy even age?
silly woman
this scene is so full win
:D
BEST PART OF THE WHOLE MOVIE. EVERY GO HOME.
Has someone made a .gif of this?:D
Quick_Thinker, Science; be reincarnated Korean protecter of some shit and stuff, fake a heart attack and send the guardian of a reincarnated korean something guy kid to his way to somewhere he wont return.
EVERYONE***
Tovler: The Last Airbender is the best movie ever.
best screeen you might say
No longer catholic XD...does that mean i can pass trhough wall ? cool :D
AJIsAwesome someone did
wat Klumzeedragon
AJIsAwesome: yeah someone did
Someone did make a gif last night for it
Dken2021: twilight_sprinkle Yes!:D
I didn't dave it, though
*save
</bad joke>
Rex_Mundi: Only if you don't count nearly every other movie ever made
Dusky: sweet :)
Quick_Thinker, only exlplanation, there were something to keep him in the back, traps!
dead chat?
huh ,you would think it's that black haird chick, but no..a white woman
come on girl?
Michael: I was saying that was the best part of the whole movie. So everyone can go home now. :D
Fl00tersh41: hehe
these guys beat the nostalgia critic
there we go ^_^
There's another good part, though
11,02o.o
and my internet derped just at the right moment -.-
Klumzeedragon: dat was the best part? omg
Brony_90: Nope. Refresh that chat room.
/me scares SuperBrony64
hai SuperBrony64 *noms*
ohai SuperBrony64
/me is nommed D:
Wasnt the nostalgia Critic on a rifftrax once?
:D
Michael: Yep. :P
Michael: well.... yea, basically.
I wonder what Kaiba thinks of this movie?
Rex_Mundi: did he!????
whats a rifftrax?
Ohh my Rape
Rex_Mundi no, but he does his own, with early PSA vidoes
00,10best random hero ever
XD
when people make jokes over a movie
Quick_Thinker: Shh. :P You know what I meant.
XD
What the fuck!
rdibp: 3 guys comentating over films :)
Oh... Raep right in the front of the bar.
suddenly elephant
and?
Sumica: Random old Imoogi man?
rdibp a community, usually done by the mst3k people
random homeless guy ftw
disgusting looking pizza
Zoo cop
Well that was random
Paul BLart Zoo cop
LOL
rdibp: Rainbow Dash is best pony
oh shi
Was that it?
nom nom nom
XylemTube: /)
I find that joke funny cause Kevin James did Zoo Keeper after this. :D
mst3k people do rifftrax?
a wat nao?
Giant snake monster in the middle of downtown LA, and only a single guy even notices
dat Edison reference
they have dinosaurs in the zoo now?
pony_300: mstk3000 people are riftrax :)
http://duloph.com/images%5CDragon%20Wars%5Cfence.gif
Was the zookeeper Mike from Mike and Molly
Fl00tersh41: that's because it was at the zoo... no one goes there anymore
Am I the only one who's got it?
savior is now a criminal
This old man; he knocked out all those guys by himself…
Rex_Mundi: YES
MakerDusk: Point...
:D
Sergio: That makes me sorta sad. Then again, the ID4 rifftrax was hilarious, so....
SirGanjalf not quite,i got it too
Rosedoure reference nice
Talk to coporate like a boss.
Nice bling
yu gi yoh
So. That random guy will now say the girl knocked all those rapists and not the old man.
SirGanjalf: Wasnt paying attention,. :D
:o
Thanks Dream thing
YING YANG YO
Torso cam
THAT WAS ALL A FLASHBACK
no
rdibp:D
torso and afro cam
Rex_Mundi: I'm still loading the page...
Why is the older movie so much better than this modern crap? :D
How many flashbacks within flashbacks are there?
the real movie starts now
lol... along with their strip club addresses
PONY: Me too :D
MadSurge Avengers was good though
/me hands this movie a cookie or something
AlienWarhead1: didn't see that
Good for you, want some cookies or something?
manboobs ARE a crime
I HAVE MANBOOBS :O
MadSurge Its good and has giant snake monsters
Dken2021, nah, being a fatchick is.
/me arrests rdibp
/me refuses aresst
an ex wife joke. Another 1950s comedian reference
AlienWarhead1: do they look REEEAAALLY fake? :D
PONY ah, but some people like fat chicks
shoots rdibp
I guess no one here was watched Mike and Molly?
/me de X_X
X_X
begin you terminator jokes nao
nothing bad ever happens in parcades
lol
Dken2021, and some people like childporn
INCEPTION!!!!!!
What is with the dreams
cool weapon there
Moar fake dreams
So many dreams
GODDAMIT MORE FLASHBACKS
/me resurects rdibp
Dken2021, doesn't mean it's right.
So is her dreem part of the guys flashback too?
now I want a pizza
at the end of the movies, do the two derranged ones become a couple?
/me noms some pizza
if there is another dream im gonna flip shit
what is this?
What if this whole movie is just a flashback :O
that hobo needs a shotgun
YAY ANGRY BUM!! :D
Angry Video Game Bum
And we never see that bum again
MadSurge I liked them I'm not sure what others thought, but they are better than these snakes
so many dream breaks
rdibp: :)
ingwaz: Dragon Wars. :)
:)
dragon wars with comedic commentary?
:)
:$
Tovler: When life gives you razor blades, you make a baseballbat coverd in razor blades.
Okay, I don't understand any of this...
:)
ingwaz: Eeyup.
:9
:):)
:)
So... Many... Twilights! :):):)
too many twilight emotes
:$:$:$
:)
so many Twilight D:
:)
:):):):)
:)
:$
who is that guy?
:[
Dat :) Spam
all the twilight emoticons
:$
The amount of Twilights... IS TOO DAMN HIGH!
TWILIGHT GUN
oo la la
All them emote spam
:):):):)
:):$
:)
oh mai gawd what have I DONE
:) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :)
:):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):)
:$:)
:)
:):$:);)
:)
:)):)):):):):):))
inb4 kick
:):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):):)v
:)
OH GODDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDd
OohShiny: watch it with the spam :)
pony_300 you did good
DAT RARITY IS A SPY:[
SNAAAAAAKE
Guys stop or you will get kicked
;);););););)
00,10enough with the spam
Twilight Changelings all around
MadSurge a little, but I think the police was fighting instead of the miltary
kk
awww :(
Oh look I return to spam
ded
NOM
No! not a guy with a sword! I'll take the snake!
Thank you Sumi. I was just about to call for youe aid.
SirGanjalf: ha
And noone noticed
Welcome back LunaTheBeloved
Thanks
hey LTB
cheap cheap chaep SHOT SHOT SHOT
shes alive ?
GODFUCKINGDAMMIT :[:[:[mdjvndjfnbvhjdfsnbvhlehdruhh843u9p6
WHOA
So far we had 20 scenes starting off with someone WAKING UP
oh dream
ohai LunaTheBeloved
Is it just me or are the LA locals really jaded about giant snake monsters?
Sumica: I HERD U LIK TWILIGHT'S :)
Cello :)
Hi LunaTheBeloved
ZUUL MOTHERFUCKER ZUUL!
sandvich
Can anypony explain to me what's going on?!
00,10nope >_>
lol
CALM DOWN
>_>
oh you Sumica
um use the window dumbass
<_<
So who won the lottery?
<_<
90027 was her Zip
That guy reminds me of some video game protagonist.
NO APPLEJACK SPAM
no Die Hard movies evar suck! D:
PillowPoni: and the price is...
:O
XD all this emoticon spam
Not sure which, though
Why is she freaking out?
Pinkie-Pie-pony: Uh. Guy has something to do with some dragon prophecy. And so does this girl. He's trying to find her and protect her while some evil guy and evil snake/dragon is fucking up the town.
Michael : is.......?
me too
Ma'am, I'm sorry, but being almost raped is a serious crime now.
Deadlypon2: because plotholes
Die Hard is epic shit... n stuff
Deadlypon2 WHO CARES
wow, that snake did a number on her!!
THATS WHY
Let's play a drinking anytime somebody wakes up or has a flashback take a shot
St. George's lol
dances im a minor
Wow, something CLEVER
PillowPoni: what is the award?
but i do have acess to alchoal
is everyscene going to begin with someone waking up?
Enjoying some salad ;)
im so hungry :9
:(
Dr.Horrible
salAd
rdibp: Only half of them
Dr. Manhattan...get it :P?
Dr.who to the police box
AlienWarhead1: :D
Dat nurse has a LOOOONG shift
/me gives a burger to rdibp
wow? only 800?
Somebronys: Got Lilys on that salad.
Michael: A and B movie and the pony episodes
:)
sassy black fat woman.
Dr. House to the pills supply
PillowPoni: k
Half of LA :D
00,10that is why she is in such a bad mood PONY
Since when were tatoos infections?
hahahaha
:)
Dat straight jacket
Harry Belafonte?
pony_300 theres one in every hospitsl
lol
what will be the 2nd MLP episode
Klumzeedragon: Nah its handmade (duh), only lettuce
Sumica, oooooohh.
BANANA BOAT!
Doctor Turk to JD
Dr.Awesome?
dr.awesome?
even though a snake carved a huge ass trench in downtown LA...
Brony_90 I think hearthwarming;s eve
dr awesome!
Is that a Chuck reference?
i see ded people
thats just a name he started calling himself so eventually it stick like im tech guy
What if this movie is a flashback of a flashback?
Somebronys: Aw. That's how I like my salads though. Lettuce only. :D No tomatoes or nothin.
Man... that's a bit shitty for a guarantee
come to think of it, that scene when the snake camoflauging itself as objects would make some sense to why nobody ever sees it, but it was a DREAM so we don't know if that's even true or not!!
and we're focusing on this guy why?
lol the guard gone totally mad
:D
your life is actually just a flashback
Dken2021: comical relief
do that elephant fell hundreds of feet all by itself
i have to go everypony be back later see ya :)
pony_300: It's not true. :D
dat giant snake
Dken: the incoming puynchline.
Yeah... NOBODY will notice that.
Somebronys: its actually a flashback withen a flashback withen a flashback withen a taco WITHEN A TACO BELL! DUDUDUDUDUDUDDUNDUNDUNDUN
by DJ_POn-3 :)
How is nobody seeing that thign?
bye DJ_POn-3
Wow that was easy; if only the Colorado Shooter would just say 'I'm not crazy' BOOM
There we go
bye DJ_POn-3
Sneak 10000
The guy behind him didn't see it?!
and why would a mental ward trust him seriously THATS NOT HOW YOU GET OUT OF A MENTAL WARD
DJ_POn-3: See ya~
So... That's how you get off the Asylum, Doctors tell you what to deny, and you deny it.
it always happens...
TrollSnake
GET IT! He's going to be HOSPITALIZED!
the goddamn thing is COILED AROUND A HOSPITAL AND NOBODY SEES IT WTF IS THIS SHIT
So why do they have him in a straight jacket when he isnt a threat to anyone? They dont just put straight jackets on people for no reason you know.
a hospital/insane asylum?
was seth green in entorage?
http://i.imgur.com/QSQCm.png
not one scream
pony_300, apparently is an insane asylum
And only the zookeeper has noticed the giant snake?
OH NO! IT'S CLOVERFIELD 9000 YEARS LATER
spy!
CrimsonPhoenix: awesome
Medic is Spy!
Spy from teamfortress!
I LIED
Building shaking; TAKE THE ELEVATOR
oh. NOW you notice
CrimsonPhoenix: Those Shark ponies.
PONY: Yea, but you think somebody would look out a window
PONY: seems legit
BRUCE STUP DA CUR
Pump iT!
pony_300, nopony trusts the patient
The car scene, best part of the movie
PUMP IT!
This is the same parking garage!
or that it would cause a commotion just getting ot the hospital
I would watch some My Little Shark
Snakes! Why it have to always be snakes!
Man, this guy must play a lot of GTA.
lol
dat scream
Call Samuel L. Jackson!
aaaaaaaaaaa
00,10here comes the other best moment
WAAAAAAAHH!
I ask myself the same question nameless black guy.
Tape worm :D
boom!
omg
lol
Daedric Armor!
Found the Black guy
Well, that was easy
SirGanjalf: Because a giant spider trying to become a giant spiderdragon thing would be really weird
BUT HE WAS SLOWING DOWN
suddenly armor
oh no, the bad guy from Ninja Gaiden!
Yes!
dem special effects...
Spawn?
PONY: everypony strap in, its time to open some windows
Of course he has a gun
That evil guy was secretly an evil guy from the past!
WARNED YOU BRO! TOLD YOU ABOUT NOT HITTING AND RUNNING!
SUDDENLY A GUN
PONY: however, when 50 isolated nutballs start professing the exact same thing, it would be a good idea to look into it... but the thing is it doesn't seem like anybody sees that thing until it breaks something
PWNED
the black guys always die first
fail
"AIM THE SHIELD, THAT'S YOUR BEST OPTION!"
dat scream
so long black guy
Cars, my one weakness!
Best part of the whole movie
pony_300, Hollywood.
Family Sedan too XD
he got hit twice
Cars! Cars everywhere!
XD
and then everybody loses interest in it when it decides to leave
is this a comedy :D
Bruce just said "I'm ok" in case you missed it
What a terrifying villian
I need sleeps now, I bid you all goodnight
take care MLP_Brovakiin
rdibp: Yes, but unintentonial
Fl00tersh41: More like terrible.:D
constantly getting run over by random cars or attacking the wrong girl
MLP_Brovakiin: Night!
Hey, it's that guy who is generally evil in every movie he's in!
ZUUL MOTHAFUCKA
The Elder Scrolls!
wtf lol
KUCHINOSE NO JUTSU!
bye MLP_Brovakiin
AJIsAwesome: I was trying to be ironic
ZUUL MOTHERFUCKER, ZUUL
hmm. Why didn't the antiques guy destroy those scrolls?
bye MLP_Brovakiin
Why do the shooters always aim the one buleltproof target? or object that is size of a frigging apple or something.
She just hit a guy.
DOHVAHKIN DOHVAHKIN NANANA NA NA NAAAAAAA
Fl00tersh41: I know.:D
ZUUL COCKSUCKING MOTHERFUCKER, ZUUL
Dat Spy
SPY
/me hugs Dken2021 and AJIsAwesome and AlienWarhead1 and Michael :3
LAWL
PONY: The comedic effect demans it.
dat spy
*demands*
inb4 a doberman morphs into Snoop Dog
Bye mlp_brovakiin
MLP_Brovakiin<3
Tolver: NO SPOILERS :[
Bye mlp_brovakiin
suddenly A BEACH
i smell love in this
we need to lay low. Let's go to the beach.
I never asked for this... :P
Romance time
I wish Meanwhile was here, he would've made a great joke here.:D
pony_300: :D
/me stands up
/me sits down
/me sits halfway up
/me sits a third up
do you like buttons?
It's voldemort's basilisk
Our government, knowing and doing absolutely nothing of worth. :I
well heres a little button
i liek red buttons
Italian snake
this is baaaaaaaad lampshading.
dat Iggy
Its Nightmaremoon?
I like Trains!
not only that but hers a little secret
She's channeling her inner Wiliam Shatner
It's Gene Simmons in his final form
pressing a button will let you hav a rub of my chest
Because when you hear about giant snakes, you immedietly assume its the one from that obscure korean myth
rub my boobies
rubbing on mah boobies
So is mine.
rdibp: :S
:D
Now kiss!
rubbing my boobies dont you rub on mah boobies
The camera angles in this film makes many scenes look somehow dirty
rdibp: :S
I mean, Now Kiss Again...
:)
That romance was well developed >_>
rdibp I'll pass
for example, this reminds a booby rub or something
are we sure this guy is not possessed by keanu reeves? Wait... no of course not, he's twice as monotone
SHE MUS DAI
:D
brb
:)
She's carrying the Yuh Yi Joo, I'm carrying Yu-gi-oh cards.
pony_300: He must be the R63 version of Kriste. Stewart.
pony_300 besides, Keanu reeves is a legend, this guy is bad at acting
Man... These guys are convinient
Why do they assume it's after her specifically
Tovler: :D
Random shotgun
*Kristen*
Fun fact- Keeanu is a Hawaiian word/name that means "the coldness"
snake! snake? SNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKE!!!!11!
Here we go
inb4 MLP joke
rdibp: :D
Don't look at the snake's eyes!
Suicide troops
Rex_Mundi so that's why he's so cool
DON'T LOOK!
00,10fangasiums in 3......2.......1
everyon keep you ears open for mlp reference
back
oi!
I heard it!
xD
DAT REFERENCE
MLP
omg the army?
MY BODY ISN'T READY!!!
HOW DARE HE
yes!
THEY SAID IT
MY LITTLE PONY!!!
wut
he mlp, but what he said about mlp?
wait, they knew they were facing a 500 foot long snake, didn't they?
lols
THEY SAID IT
WWWOOOOMBO COOOMBO
I MISSED IT!
101st My little Pony Division is now Canon
WHAT HE SAID ABOUT MLP?
WHAT DID THEY SAY
so why the hell didn't they bring heave ordinance?
What was the reference?
What were they shooting at before the dragon came out?
heavy
WAT?
What I DONT get is, why dont they just napalm the damn area...
101th my little pony convention?
meh. Twilight 4 Rifftrax had a Furries vs Bronies reference.
WHAT WAS THE DAMN REFERENCE! :[
Napalm sword
Call in a fucking airstrike. A Tactical nuke even!
Metal shields were well known for blocking machine gun fire.
That army really likes comming out of nowhere don't they
*nod*
Because the army is always useless in these types of films
Colt_Sterling, or Batman.
Tovler: What was the refence like/
What's the reference?
SOMEONE TELL ME THE REFERENCE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"101th my little pony convention" is that what he said?
Yeah what was it?
it was a pony reference
AlienWarhead1, division
AlienWarhead1: dIVISION.
lol
didnt here it :(
I don't understand why they didn't at least bring grenade launchers
101ST MY LITTLE PONY DIVISION
rdibp: When the soldiers started running Mike called them the "101st My Little Pony Division"
suddenly Assassin's Creed
Thanks
i dont get it
Kothen: i dont get it why....
she can pick up the lifetime channe;
101st My little Pony Division is now Canon
god father XD
She's on the Animus
DAT "ACTING"
What was the refrence?
Rex_Mundi: The werewolf were plotting on how they would kill the vampires and in channelling the wolves, Mike said "We're finally taking on the Bronies"
was this before mlp fim?
dat division is best division ever
"What did you expect from the members of..." was the other part of the line
obviously they were preparing to take down a large threat within that cave, which is why such a large number of soldiers went in, but only with aks...?!
yes rdibp
rdibp: yes :)
:O
rdibp, yyes
the Animues!
Dat Flashback
HOW DID THEY KNOW!>!?!?!?!?!?
the Animus
What am I watching?
see that was a good joke
AC: the movie
Flashbacks!
pikorar: D-Wars
Animal Crossing: The Movie?
Pinkies4thWall: D-Wars
Dances_With_Discord: Not just a flashback, but a flashback to a flashback
Big Trouble in Little China flashback
Tovler Assassin's Creed
dat tabfail
SADDAM
SMATATATATA
AJIsAwesome: Er, what!?
Exactly
Pinkies4thWall: IKR?:D
Snaaaaake
seriously WHY HAVEN'T THEY LEFT THE CITY?
pikorar: tab fail.
AJIsAwesome: Ah.
OohShiny: oh, ok...
TROGDOR!
And again: How something THAT big can sneak up like that?
otakon: THe plot demands it.
Debbie?
Fifth Element?
SirGanjalf: same could be said of the 2001 Godzilla
honesty
Orange guy didn't see it coming
otakon: Don't remind of it...
peaceful neighborhood.... where a snake, after busting up an armed division, casually strolls in unnoticed.
Oh it's euro movie night isn't it?
SirGanjalf: lol
You'd think someone would notice that
brb I need a shave
Sneaks: Yes
hai Sneaks
I can't shake the feeling this is infact a Pokemon prequel.
SirGanjalf: hey at least the REAL Godzilla trashed it in 2 seconds.
hai Sneaks
FL00tersh41: they evacuated LIKE THESE PEOPLE SHOULD HAVE
HES STILL ALIVE?
Bye guys. I don't like this riftracks thing.
Is this a riiftrax?
rdibp: The place doesn't look evactuated
Pinkies4thWall: Yes.
yes
rdibp: He only got smacked. :D
Pinkies4thWall: yeah :)
You know what I want?
they look particularly casual about the fact that they are running from a 500 foot snake
Pinkies4thWall: Indeed friend! ;)
dance sumica, dance
CrimsonPhoenix: LOTSA SPAGHETTI?
more Doctor Who
yay
is Sumica a girl?
:O
And when being chased by giant snake monster, remember to go to a dinner to meet a friend
no
rdibp: yeah :P
rdibp: No.
IM CONFUSED
yay
rdibp sumica just has a mare oc
rdibp: That's his R63 OC pony.
never heard of rule 63
heard r34?
jkjkjkjkjkj
i wih i never had
>.<
Kitchen with no staff even though people are getting food. :P
Wrek! :D
00,10dont make me make you live throught more flashbacks
rdibp The 63 is that there is always an opposite sex version from everything
Speed Racer for A movie?
rdibp: Basically there's an opposite gender version of everything.
rdibp: Ex: Female Mario, Male Zelda.
Rule 63, For every character, there's version in opposite gender.
rests on HIS shoulders THE WORLD IS BUCKED
Wait, did the lotto already get drawn?
Quick_Thinker: IKR?:D
female Wrek
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Snake dropped by for a coffe
dat snake has a obsession -.-
That must be some damn good Starbucks
that's what r63 means? Huh... that explains the MLP colt versions I saw on youtube
Gummy!
so woodentoaster is 63?
pony_300: Yep.
snake isnt even follwoing them even tjough it was like 10 meters behind them
snake is boss
so it can keep up with a car bad BUT IT CANT KEEP UP WITH HUMANS ON FOOT BULLSHIT
rdibp who's woodentoaster?
twilight_sprinkle: IKR? He's hiding in that cardboard box over there.
:O
:O:O
That minimal car damage after being tossed.
OohShiny: Musician.
But what about Bruce!!?
AJIsAwesome: lol :D
OohShiny, you have obviously missed somethings
OohShiny: Brony Musician.
Tovler: BRUCE WILL LIVE.
About time the cops noticed that giant rampaging snake monster
that poor Griffon
fuck the police
guns are somewhat effective against a 50ft snake
poor gilda
/me shoots pink ponies agianst the snake
IS BOOMER GOING TO BE OKAY!?!?! :'(
duaghuahuaghhhrr
just nuke it
not pink ponies!
NOT THE PONIES AMMO
rdibp: BOOMER.....WILL LIVE!
AJIsAwesome: squeeeeeee!
LOL
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
rdibp: No, boomer is snake chow
:(
Dat Voice
/me rescues the pink ponies
I can't help but laugh at him speaking in that foreign language.:D
These are Uruk-Hai! They shields are shiny and their armor is thick... wait
no rifftrax, they should stop and get killed too
*Their
all the explosions
rdibp: NO, he will live..............if he doesn't then we'll get you another boomer
necessary sacrifice
this is the best part of the movie
t-thank you :')
because of the explosions
AND NOBODY DIED THAT DAY.
Andy Dick vs Tom Green
dat tower
screw the gravity
AJIsAwesome: * giant chain reaction crash*-"Im ok" : D
I feel King Kong
they never say" no humans were harmed in the makinf f this movie"..
you have to say, even though this is a shitty movie the effects are decent
Sergio_Scriptor: :D
Pinkies4thWall: Then magic climbing snake!
soooo predectible
hi everyone
Thrackerzod: Hello!
haI Thrackerzod
inb4 it crashes.
ohai Thrackerzod
hello The_Browncoat
inb4 the movie ends.
good evening
sup Thrackerzod
hello Thrackerzod
ded
hi Thrackerzod :)
Thrackerzod: YUO ARE A NORMAL PONY
Roboda approves giant snakes grabbin choppers
Hey Thrackerzod
ouch
And aparantly that Dragon has problems taking down a Helicopter.
the script protected their legs
ded
Ying
Goodbye black nameless dude
wait. How did they get to the top of the tower?
King Kong
sup Trackerzod how is being a regular pony?
You will be missed
he shouted storm call?
man, these two don't give a shit about the others
well whatdayaknopw, the black guy died... last
You know, for a hero he isn't really doing much.:|
FINAL BOSS!
lets stand and point at it!
Cloudy days are the worst.
I am regualry normal and happy
Spike just wanted to play
twilight_sparkle: this movie takes plot immunity to new heights
hisssssssssssssss :#
point at it because nobody sees the giant snake
:3
SO MUCH KING KONG
See, THIS is what Reign of Fire should have been like.
QWOOOOOOOOOOTY LONBOWS
*LONGBOWS
We Californians arent THAT bankrupt. :( Okay... maybe we are.
Boom
they tired to get da choppa earlier :(
DocSane: Only if it has actual dragons
yummi helicopter
ded
shoot a missile inside the mouth
.... looks like I came in during the ending
FUS ROH DAH!
ouch missile
Darf14: Nope. About half way in.
Dumbass use the hydra rocket pods and your thermobaric missiles
$350 000.... another $350 000 there....
FUS RO MISSLE
TWAS THE BEAUTY KILLED THE BEAST
desertman2: Reign of Fire's poster promised me helicopters vs dragons. I felt really cheated by that movie.
guys after Dwars does it have anything else?
dragons!
good I didnt miss that much :)
Fire machineguns at building full of civilians!
why are the helis always within grabbing distance?
twas bullets that killed the beast
wheres dragonborn?
eosforos: pony episode
Launch a nuclear missile!
Foh Shro DAH!
Killed by a sign
ohai everypony :)
this
where's Dovahkiin?
whats the pony episode going to be
Zawan, necessary, this movie is not in widescreen
It was a bad sign.
Michael: hes loading the game
worst pilots ever
Do a Barrel Roll!
Somebody call in the fucking Raptors and Lightnings...
Send the national guard, send the nuke!
twilight_sprinkle: load faster, we need you Dovahkiin!
and the people in those buildings are dead
the pings <3
Call the wonderbolts!
By the way the Nostalgia Critic and Rifftrax (A.K.A. MST3K) DID WORKED TOGHETHER
and only 23 civilians were shot in that building
Everypony loves Pings~ <3
SOMEONE USE THE BUM SIGNAL!!!
Dark92Enigma: WHEN ?!
xD
And again those choppers just hose down a building full of civilians with gun fire
pings bring happiness to me
yes caue the military would fire in a un evaced city
that blimp scared me
Sergio_Scriptor: SEE: Batman Forever rifftrax
what makes you think the wonderbolts will help? they couldnt stop Spike :D
Dark92Enigma: got to see it
or Lion King Rifftrax
dat must be one heck f a gun
That Helicopter must have been made by Michael Bay
BREAKER BREAKER I HAVE A BOGO IN MY SNAKE PIT WE GOT SERIOUS BREAKER PROBLEM
he parked well
...
Why did it explode?
all was made by Michael Bay
And no fucks where given that day
THERES A LION KING RIFFTRAX!?!?!!?! :O
Why didn't he explode right as soon as he hit the building?
Also Korra has done a few Rifftrax
dem tanks
Why show him surviving!?
Woman who voiced Korra that is.
Dark92Enigma: NC jokes are billion times better..
And then dying
This must be one of Micheal Bay's favorite movies.
send da nukes.
Wonderbolts are useless, from what i've seen so far
Deadlypon2: The fuel hadn't ignited yet?
Docsane This is a MOVIE
Well this is a normal day in LA
i remember a jimmy neutron boy genius rifftrax
suddenly army
come to think of it, who came up with those missile launcher-mounted lizards anyway?
SirGanjalf: Wonderbolts friggin carved the crest off of Spike's head.
The Locus is invading! :O
doesn't US have Urban Camoflage as a standard for any vehicle?
AJIsAwesome: seconded by Independence DAY
pony_300: a japanese guy ? :\
DeadlyPon2: Because buck you. That's why! :P jk.
Dark92Enigma: :D
Are they really only prepared for desert
AJIsAwesome: I like ID4, but it unfortunately paved the way for BAY
The Rock being an actual good movie paved the way for Bay.
what with the commentary?
Tanks vs pokemons with rocketlaunchers, go!
Dark92Enigma: Bay was around before ID4
is this going to be the rest of the movie?
LOTR cast marching to the set
bluarghbluaaaargh
this has full support from Michael Bay
i just had a triple deja vu O_o
Fun Fact: Helicopters like the Apache can actually do a barrel roll
Carpet bomb > medieval army
Get me closer, I want to hit the military with my sword
swords vs guns. Swords wins... WTF?
not jar jar
HOW ARE THEY ALL MISSING?!:S
inb4 the dragons and the swords win
"GET ME CLOSER! I WANT TO HIT THEM WITH MY SWORD!"
DocSane: as a director?
Guns + Tanks > Zerg rush by medieval knights
How are they not mowing the enemies down?
star wars EP 1 shields?
Dark92Enigma: Yup.
STAR WARS REJECTS!!!!!!!
OohShiny don't you know? guns only do minimal damage compared to swords
*fires tanks... hits nothing*
never bring a gun to a sword fight i guess :P
EleanorAwesome: Only saving grace of this movie. :)
OohShiny the pen is ,ightyer than the sword
LotR meets the Star Wars meets the Battle of L.A.
DocSane: Shoulda bought Armor-piercing ammo
DocSane: with explosions?
Bullets! They do nothing! :O
OohShiny: sowrd won a lot of battles against guns,exept it was the one shot rifles,thing :|
the RAILINGS! THEY DO NOTHING
they have not even showed ONE tank round hit yet
movie needs more Wilhem
there we go
WE MUST CONSTRUCT ADDITIONAL RAILINGS!
The Tank Piolot must suck
i hope this is what happens when the 2012 doomsday comes
I wonder he found them?
Dark92Enigma: First big movie was Bad Boys in 1995.
Sergio_Scriptor: this is fully automatic weapons with TANKS....Maybe the Tanks are using anti-tank rounds instead of the ones that work on troops..Sorta like Yonkers.
Was this made by a kid suffering from ADHD or Michael Bay
still only one tank hit
Zawan: The tanks look like they're made of plastic. I dont think they shoot. :D
Dances_With_Discord: Its not so bad. :I
Colt_Sterling: probably
wow, only one hit, this military sucks
holy crap with the missile
rdibp: the 2012 doomsday is a bunch of BS
DocSane: Someday, the NC should review that one
Dark92Enigma: ID4 was 1996.
rdibp: I hope for good ol' Zombiecalypse
Spitfire: i agree
Another Wilhelm bites the dust...
there we go! WILHELM
NOT WILHELM
ok maybr two tank hits
I saw a Burger King
Wilhelm twice! :o
Its funny. Ever seen a Tank shoot at a crowd of enemies and have it do absolutely nothing?
dat wilhem scream
*maybe
Dances_With_Discord: This is bad, but it aint Michael Bay bad
What year was The Rock?
only if someone in this town was Dragonborn
oh wiat, this movie ALSO has humans running around and being the focus while giant supernatural things fight willynilly... this really is bayformers............................ with dragons
AIM FOR THE HEAD!
ded
AIM FOR THE KNEE
hug :)
Ok guys, going out for a bit. See you for the podcast! :)
exposition all over the place
bye MadSurge
"This is madness!"
:)
MadSurge: Bye!
paranormal unit?
hes done his homework, he knows hes the fbi
YOU BROKE THE LAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAW
Tovler: The Rock was 1996, same year as ID4
xD
i watched Abraham vs. Zombies yesterday :D
trollface*
*shrugs*
Bye MadSurge
SirGanjalf Madness? THIS IS EQUESTRIA!
Ow that hurt
headshot
<.<
*sneaky FBI agent shoots hero character!* *Hero character takes 5hit points of damage.*
We can dace if you want to...
what we watching
HEADSHOT
*dance
wow
its only a fleshwound
damn MiB
head shot
YOU BROKE THE LAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAW
tis but a fleshwound
anyone heard about "welcome to ponyville"?
betrayal!
SHOULDERSHOT
I'M NOT DEAD
invisible bullets
dafuq?
And then magically fine!
That man is a SPY!
nobody gets wounded, only killed
Klumzeedragon: IKR?:|
wat
It was only a point blank gun shot, he can walk it off
what is this
rdibp: what's that?
i dont get this
I feel fine...........!
and i like it
" i really was never on you side"
postpone for 500 years... and then another 500 years... those dragons will get outdated someday.
Don't worry Dragons hate Mexico
that kid gets shot and he walks it off........ he must have high HP
XylemTube: its another pony game, it actually looks pretty good
wth he got shot and now drives a car
*Hero character takes a shot* *Hero character uses heal potion*
theyre going to Mexico o get the anti-animal system from the previous movie
AJIsAwesome: Look at his perfect driving and non bandaged arm! :P So realistic!
eh i was shot once already decided it was not for me
OohShiny: healed from nowhere
what is this
Klumzeedragon he used a stimpad on his arm
its her birthday, wat a tweeeeeeeeest
LOTS OF ARIAL TWEESTS
stimpack
I'd say it's a plot hole but there's no hole in his shoulder :S
well... this is a crappy birthday
AND THE BIRTHDAY BIT WAS NEVER USED AGAIN.
stealthy flying buggers
big lipped aligator brithday
AlienWarhead1: Apparantly right? :D
movie over
And the heroes died, the end
ded
worst birthday ever
.....or not
and then mordor
Polydumami I see what you did there
you think the car wouldve exploded by now
Wanda and Bernice are my favorite characters here
Wow its Mordor
<_< >_>
BIG LIPPED BIRTHDAY MOMENT
he doesn't even have a damn SCRATCH on him
<.<
GODDAMIT FLASHBACK
suddenly castle from nowhere
The otherworld?
*Hero character uses Fenix Down*
Wanda is the best Dragon
SPARTANS!! TONIGHT WE DINE IN HELL!!
Is this ......HELLp
Meantime in Moria...
>Claims he's a hero
ok the hell
huarghblwarghduuuargh
rdibp: Not a flashback, CGI world
>Doesn't do anything useful
whats this?
SHARON!!!!!!!
EQUESTRIANS! TONIGHT WE DINE..............IN THE CAFETERIA HALL!
tis but another flesh wound
KAGOME?!
CHARON!!!!!!!!
UUUUUUNCLEEEEEEE
hurrrrrr durrrrrr
RELEASE THE KRAKEN!
whats with the wierd alien things
Buraki:D
FOX!!!!
This movie
lol bill
BUKKAKE
BURAKI
huuuge door
inb4 Sauron
needs Mortal Kombat music
Where was Gondor when our heroes got kidnapped!
OH MY FOOT
THE BASILISK!!!!!
ALDUIN!
OH MY FOOT
way to go, they doomed the world
PONY that sounds so wrong
I thought the snake was in LA!
Why are these guys fighting for the evil snake again?
TEST YOUR MIGHT
I despise this movie, even WITH the Rifftrax :|
Fl00tersh41: because plot
yay
I mean, it's trying to destroy the entire world
Looks like the snake from Slitherin
Polydunami: Agreed.
USE THE VOICE!
ive had it with this goddamn snake in this goddamn movie
/me AAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH
Doesn't that kind of include them?
wat
<.<
use DRAGONREND
Deus ex machina
/me KHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN
*queue skyrim theme*
SCREAMING MAKES EVERYTHING MORE DRAMATIC!!!!!!!!
*cue Dovahkiin theme*
Polydunami: You arent the only one. :D I think this made the WMC.
Step 1: Do stuff. Step 2: Stuff happens.
*Hero character uses LimitBreak*
FUS RO DAH
FUS RO DAH!
/me CAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT
this is how i want to celebrate my 21st birthday
The main characters are very much unneeded in the movie.
Press "Yell" to be "Liberated"
EXPLOSIVE DIARRHEA!
When the evil Buraki becomes a dragon, he'll destroy the world. What's in it for the Atrox army?
........Mary Sue Powers?
wtf is happening?
Massacre
Micheal: life....
Polydunami: everything is very much unneeded in this movie
Dat deus ex machina
Movienight still going?
ok?
I looked away for a second. What happened?
Including the movie itself, cowvarkian? :3
Michael Deus ex machina amulet
I think I love this movie. Invincible main character, lengthy michael bay action scenes, old women walking forcefully into fences... what's not to like?!
Vivix: Eeyup.
Polydunami: yeah
his superpowers also untie his rope
Vivix, what does it look like?
No.......it's Sar-UH?
This will be an epic fight, right?
the sream isn't on to me, darling
NO SMOCKING
i want one of these amulets AlienWarhead1
Single man Bukkake
The hero's totally going to win, right?
Yuh Yi Joo ..... sounds like Yugi Oh
Klumzeedragon, I thouht it started hours ago- ah well, saw it last night-
Right?!
no
AJIsAwesome: We'll see.....i have the Mortal Kombat theme on
and yeah, then he kills himself
THE QUICKENING
Lucky there was an extra sword lying around
YOU GOT TERMINATED!
Vivix: Euro Movie Night. :)
Vivix, yeah it's still going
Well… that was easy
00,10and evil was defeated anticlimaticly
DED
that was stupid dead
ikr Sumica
WHAT THE FUCK!??????
dat princess bride
That was extremely anticlimactic.:|
lol princess bride
AJIsAwesome: No. It wasn't
oh right, two mives equates quite some time
lol, Princess Bride
*cues guille theme*
LOOOL
i miss over the hedge :(
Nice dargon. :3
6_9
AJIsAwesome: IT WAS ANTICLIMATIC
AJIsAwesome: It wasn't epic*
Snake fight
FINAL BOSS!
:S
Dark92Enigma: I know. Just joking.
double snakey all the waaay
without Rifftrax, I would have muted this
2up :#
battle of giant snakes!
Not as epic as the battle between Long Cat and Tac Nyan in the Great Internet Wars.
This kind of snakes would have made Snakes on the Plane way more interesting
00,10and then we watch cgi duke it out for the rest of the movie
barrako obami
*barraki
ah f*ck
there's a DOS game about monkeys throwing bananas at eachother?
How he would go against GODZILLA!?
ikr
err...... cant tell if the good or bad snake is winning
That gorillas DOS game was epic
DAT CENSORED BEEP
lets all admit this is better that twilght
I saw the new CGI Starship Troopers anime last night
Sumica: Isn't that always the best way to end a movie?
Still better love story than Twilight
Everyone whoes watching is losing. More true than he knows. Even with the Double Helix of suck.
This movie is awesome >_>
It wasn't that good.
This sure is one weird mating ritual.:S
rdibp everything is better than twilight
Ohai guys :)
^
Oh nuts
ohai MaxTheBrony
MaxTheBrony: Hello!
Oh hey Max
this scene completely changes when you think the lizards are banging eachother instead of fighting
hi MaxTheBrony :)
lol, her lips didn't move
dat celestial eccense
Even twilight is better than Twilight, did I do it right?
wait. The evil one won?
This movie is so terrible it makes me yearn for a Skyrim movie.
hoi MaxTheBrony
Twilight is better than Twilight
inb4 Sould Keep Away
Buraki? I thought that was the Imoogi
Vivix If you mean twilight sparkle, yes
*soul*
TheMonstaMuffin, you can tell??
Hehe
This movie is fantastic compared to Transmorphers.
:)
DEUS EX MACHINA
I like Twilight Town, myself :3
The_Browncoat: Yup, why do you think it was hiding the whole movie?
This movie is 1000x better than Birdemic xD
troolololo
OBJECTION
DocSane: ROFL I gotta watch that one day
man even the deus ex machina sucks
inb4 Arnold appears out of that ball.
:)
dafuq?
TheMonstaMuffin: Yeah. :D Then not white one won.
I forgot rifftrax was on and was shocked out the loud voices
pikorar: skyrim could make a decent movie i think, if you mix the story correctly iwth the nmagic, and choose a few good queststo be in it
movie night needs moar Twilight :D
MaxTheBrony: Is that anything like Bird Flu?
:(
DocSane: hate to say it, but Transformers (2007) Better than Transmorphers
Round 2
omg
Vivix: wat?
shen long?
Transmorphers is almost unwatchable.
DocSane its a horrible movie xD
shocked at*
Must have evolved
WHATS going on!?
the only dragon in the movie
I can grant you one wish!
Hey look a dragon
rdibp, I was startled by suddle loud manvoice
anything is better then transmorphers
PONY: yes :D
they need to...make that sound less
sudden* jeez
DRAGONS! FINALLY!
is this movie almost over?
TheMonstaMuffin: All the Things.
JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN
Oh wow an actual Chinese dragon
FOOTBALL
twilight_sprinkle: Actually, I had a brain fart, and worded that terribly. I mean that I want Bethesda to make a Skyrim movie so that I can get my fix for a dragon movie that's actually good. A skryim movie would be EEEEEPIIIIIC, no doubt.
rdibp: Yeah. :D
Combine twilight movies with transmorphers?
:o
We should stream Birdemic and record the reactions.:D
Robot vampires
Pretty cool Cgi tho
...
Its not horrible
Twilight for A movies
Go.....SHENRON VS SHAO-KAN
BIRDEMIC!!!!!!! MAKE THAT B MOVIE GUYS!!!!!!!!1111
KHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN
" I Love you transformabot " "But I can't be with you, you'll die before me" "please make me into a robot transformabot too!"
not twilight!
Rifftrax Twilight Week
I would vote for BIRDEMIC!
:D
FATALITY!
pikorar: if done right and included the atmosphere and war betwen empire and thsoe other guys, i think it could be good yeah
PONY: WMC Twilight
.....ok whos up for fried snake
Rayquaza used flamethrower. It was super-effective!
BIRDEMIC IS THE MOST EPIC MOVIE EVAH!!!!!11!!!
haha
Is this the evil one?
I can grant you one whit
wish
sure TheMonstaMuffin
twilight_sprinkle: More like Ember.:D
twilight_sprinkle: You've seen the Live Action Skyrim trailer by Bethesda, right? That's the perfect feeling for a Skyrim movie.
Wait... Birdemic is a sequel to Hitchcock's The Birds?!
/me believes we need a Austin Powers trilogy
rdibp: "how dare you say that to me.."
^
cowvarkian im confused :P
:|
pikorar: hm i havent, ill search it
/me we need the tears of life :'(
twilight_sprinkle: NO WAI!
:'(
my reaction so far 6_9
Compassion
So the guy is completely useless
!
Celestia?!
CELESTIA!
SHE'S ........gone........:'(
/me thinks we need Doctor Who after this
:'(:'(:'(
desertman2: norly
And then he used the Dragon Balls to wish her back to life.
CELESTIA!!!!!!!!!!!
Celestia?
WE NEED MORE
ikr PONY
PONY: I concur!
pikorar: ill check it out :$
Celestia???
The dragon nommed her soul!!!
YOU'RE FOREVER ALONE!
celestial not celestia GET IT RIGHT
Suddenly, Avatar Last Avatar Moon Spirit time
That dead 20 year old.
inb4 Ethan has to pay Sarah's student loans.
YUMMI!
FOREVER ALONE
nom :3
daww
its crying
wtf
mainly tears
manly tears
As i said the Cgi is allright in this movie but the story is .. meh
Michael actually, dragon tears
bite bite bite
collect the dragon tears!
Dragon Tears are actually good for potions
Afghan Hound is awesome too.
His love interest dumped him for a dragon... lol
goodbye shenron
Someone should cue the unaired ending Shinji commentary from the Evangelion DVD.:D
FUS DO RAH!
OohShiny, nice name
>.>
Dat Pacino
MaxTheBrony: the entire thing was runned by the characters telling us whats going on and what their going to do
sooo, where are the dragon balls?
^
Michael: the balls are inert.
Pearly Thank you
INVISIBLE OBAMA 2012
heh
ikr Colt_Sterling
welcome
darn
it ends there?
Goodbye everypony and Kandarihu the movie is over only the credits are left
WTF!
xD
WHAT ABOUT BRUCE?!
he is no real super sand
bruce will live
rdibp: what if the nreference was on purpose?
OohShiny: Yep.
He dies and rezzes with the girl
well, now he needs to get back to earth somehow
AlienWarhead1: Bye!
suddenly end
how did he get back?
does he get home?
Thanks. I'll come back when I can
1 dragon/10
*reference
HOW DID HE GET BACK?
5/10
Rifftrax/10
dunno
dragon tears/10
LAAAAAAAAAAME
shen long/10
brian blessed/10
3 dragonballs / 10
DW2 plz
1 dragon/dragon
fus rah doh/10
gotta go, bye
I did not like this movie...
fence/10
And then he called a Taxi...
Pacino/10
Rifftrax/Rifftrax
tacos taste like taco/10
I wonder what kind of chair Invisible Romney will have next week?
Military/BADASS
3/10. The CGI is the only good thing in this movie.
Rifftrax/1
fences/10
1/10
that was better the second time around. I found this movie twice as hilarious
9/10
good imoogi/10
Villian taking two cars to the spleen/7
Its so bad..The worst part is you can tell they tried to make it some kind of blockbuster epic.
yay its over :)
00,10still has not figured cars out/10
rifftrax 9/10
C'mon US, promise me you will assemble full military forces to Uganda after the elections, or I will lose 100 bucks in a bet.
random word related to the film or rifftrax/10
PONEHS!
lol sumi /)
how come only the bad Imoogi got a name?
Dragon balls/10
play/10
Needed sparkley vampires/10
explosions/10
Tovler because you night yourself at touch
Bruce/10
Tovler: Discrimination?
PONY: LOL Uganda's resources arent worth the trouble the country is. I doubt your U.S. will be "helping" them any time soon.
*insert witty coment*/10
Rocket Armed Pokemans/10
Better than twilight/10
Michael Bay/10
why would we, Colt_Sterling
OohShiny: Id say they were about the say
11/10
Still a better love story than Twilight :)
o wait. The Good Imoogi wasn't in this movie.
WMC/10
LOOK FOR MLP VOICE ACTORS NAMES
Polydunami: i know
I'm so confused
:D
ohai Klumzeedragon
Tovler: It showed up right at the end
next up ponies... after 5 mins of credits
rdibp they were probably desperate if they worked in this movie
OH SUMICA HOW DO I GET IT?
Colt_Sterling: that's what I'm afraid of... I made the bet when the Kony 2012 shit started, and I'll lose if there's no actual conflict by January... The deployment of 100 troops was a promising chance for a raise as well.
Sumica: pics or it didn't happen
welcome back Michael
Pinkies4thWall: :'( You just noticed me? I said hi forever ago.
Sumica: SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!
Welp that was a riveting experince I will see you next time have yourselves a great labor day weekend
ooh I want that skin Sumica
i heard that birdemic was in the works for 4 years. 4 YEARS
ohai Pearly :)
PONY: just dont pay
PONY: You need to get your priorities straight...
TWILIGHT SKIN?! WHERE?!
Klumzeedragon: yeah.:$
/me has forgotten KONY 2012
PONY: Dont bet against your own team bro.
/me doesn't know Kony, not interested in knowing
mr chair is best obama
oh shit
cowvarkian, has to, there's a ring of about 40 players in this bet... I gotta pay if I lose.
no you dont
thats fucking awesome... <3 :)
Sumica: lol sumica
PONY: will you get your fingers broken?
Pinkies4thWall: :D I pinged you at least 3 times. Oh well. :P
Sumica: NIIIIIIICe
*E
00,10there is also pinkie pyro, zicora demo and Derpy/dash/scootaloo scout
Derplashaloo
their unholy baby
dash as scout is classic
PONY: what is your actual incentive to pay, and what will happen to you if you dont
cowvarkian, probably not, but at least they wont join in another bet. There's a chance for me to win about 1000 in this alone. 100 ain't that much, but still annoying.
RD is always the scout
wont let me join*
The Rifftrax made an MLP reference/10
it did?
PONY: the fuck does it matter
Now hearth's warming eve!
how are you Michael
cowvarkian, people bet for fun, let him do it
good Pearly, and you?
zoo gaurd is best pony
Vivix: i think Derpashaloo works better. That extra "l" is hard to pronounce.
!
Vivix: yeah i know
?
.
It's just a stupid thing to do
;
Okay, what was the MLP reference?
cowvarkian: nothing that much really, fair play that's all.
endless credits
NEXT TIME ONE DRAGON WARS: liou chang must follow his destiny to find the holy dragon prince. The evil army is resurrected and cause havoc again. And the old man is back in his third life..
Pinkies4thWall, yees- Dasherpaloo also works, somehow
brb
:O IDEEEEAAAAA
cowvarkian, I think so too, but- yeah, you know
nunmabisniz
I SAY that, but I still butt in
yeah. i do
Michael, I am great thanks for asking
HOLY CRAP i realized that we are in september :O:O:O
/me sways back and forth rapidly
/me for no reason
yeah only days left for season 3!
Pinkies4thWall what!? i wanna know :3
rdibp, yeah and 21 more days til I get a new phone
BonyHepSits: you mean for no raisen
wat
Somebronyss wait, how many days?
silence
suddenly ponies
we
xD
yay ponies
ponie time !
PONIES!
:P
pony time
YUYUUUUUUSSSS!!
Vivix: imagine, if you will, a light-blue mare with derpy's eyes, scootaloo's wings, and Rainbow's mane.
ponies <3
Hearth's Warming
Its Bronystate for pony sake!
SORRY KIDS, ITS PONY TIME!!!
HOLY SHIT MY EARS
Woohoo!
lol derpy XD
:[Woohooo~ <3
DERPASHALOO
My friend just drunkmumbled me with his cellphone
dat hat
BronyHepSits: Idk but i know just a few days
WOHOO.. i mean wohoo
AJIsAwesome: :D
NO SHIT SHERLOCK PIE
"DOES THIS WORK? Hello? uauahh"
dat Chapeau
yay~
Jerks spotted
snow! Snow everywhere
lol pinkie
Dat CMC
mah dern eays
Pinkies4thWall, ooh yeaah, awkwardest filly ever
00,10that is not how you play I spy
That's not how you play I Spy, Twi.
I spy something..... white
scootaloo :D
AJIsAwesome: YAPLAP REFERENCE
hey scoots
I SPY A SPY
inb4 i spy a spy
I spy a spy... stab stab
I'm amazed that she was able to purchase that so fast
oh.. too late:P
For Scootaloo it's more like... An 8 ft candy PAIN
I spy a spy stabbing a spy
PINKIE Y U NO EAT REST OF GINGERBREAD HOUSE?!
Brony_90: Spyception
Sumica: I know right? At least they tried? :P
my theroy is that the is an exact copy of the CMC un Canterlot :O
Polydunami: It does:D
FAITHFUL AND STRONG
My little ponyyy
there*
in*
ROHKARA: Pinkie is obviously quite wealthy.
Faithful and strong!
Back from getting snacks
My little pony~<3
ROHKARA: She always has a ton of money to buy sweets.
FRANNNCE
Derpy :P
:P
DEPY
derpy :p
derp!
derpy!
DocSane: of course, how does she find enough money to throw all that parties?
*DERPY
dammit
derp :P
Somebronyss wanna send some through cyberspace to Denmark?
Derpy :P
You called?
I was actually refering to fact that it didn't take to long; Hearth's Warming Eve is probably the busiest shopping day of the year
too adorable
dat panic
FUN FACT: Derpy makes 2 appearances in this episode.
TheMonstaMuffin: Okay *sends*
GODAMMIT TALKING ADS
dem eyelids
I can't believe your opening line began with "I can't believe *exposition*"
Somebronyss Yuum, hey wait what is this?!
I spy a Twilight throuing a jarate at a rarity who gets shot by big mcintosh who gets supported by fluttershy
fail
Too adorable...
TheMonstaMuffin: Bread
too cute
Is using pink powder on yellow hair a good idea?
dat marshmellow
DocSane: Yes.>_>
This was the first mlp episode i saw
i would love that show
Pinkie!
Rarity's hair!
I'm a deer >_>
Ii really should be Rainbow Dash show =D
Somebronyss oh, thats boring ;)
my heir
Reused Twilight line there
SHUT THE F-Window!
yep
Fire loosk legit
/me nomz on Gnocchi
This episode got me hooked on MLP, IMO.
Spike has swag
dat fire
British accent
history!
Um, Spike? What's with the accent?
:O
:P
reused line from episoed 3 season 1
hey CMC
they so need that "The Rainbow Dash Show' Spin off.
Toyjm
hey pinkies4thwall sup dude
back
I love how this show takes voices from past episodes, reminds me of ed edd n eddy
hey MC
back
CMC
Hatred. Notice how shocking that is to ponykind?
Spike, your british is showing up
hi Moopy
Wb PONY
why the livestream is stopping?
/me nomz on gnocchi
sup dude
ohai Moopy
back
love how they are arguing and heck Fluttershy has stage fright but during the play all of it some how dissapears... would be more interesting if they used that for some extra material
dat social statement
Earth Ponies have it rough
Poor earth ponies
sup michael
yes, I missed the first chat showing last year
what about celestia and luna?
Katalenic: Try refreshing man. It's still going.
Bring forth your taxes, serfs!
Earth ponies were peasants
OohShiny: they werent ruling yet
but what about sea pony tribe?
It's a pity Celestia and luna do not step forth after the play, but I don't think it's odd they were not ruling at the time
Klumzeedragon: I already did it
OohShiny: ask faust..i dont get it either. Unless Celestia's Godpony status is hierarchal propaganda
Sumica: is this the first or second pony ep?
Katalenic: :P Alright.
Celestia ISN't a god
ohai ponies
pony_2958: They are independent :P
Vivix: Agreed.
yummi hats
mica sumi sumica
nom nom
yet there is a flag later in the episode that has celestia and luna on it
hai NotIshBestPony
rdibp, stage prop
Pinkies4thWall: 2nd
heeeere we gooo
Who won the lotto?
Pinkies4thWall: I'm guessing the Second since Euro Night started 4 hours ago.
princess platinum?
KAZOOS
DAT KAZOO
Pegasus Doctor Whooves?
Yes. Clearly, the task of managing the heavens fell on all the unicorns.
:p
kazoos!
lawl
OohShiny, it said long before Celestia and Luna lead equestria
PUDDING
Alicorns are genetically engineered leaders of later days
Politics in a nutshell
RABBLE RABBLE:[
rdibp, the flag is probably due to theatre
^^
a reason to love pinkie
Its better
debates in a shellnut
Rabble Rabble Rabble!
brawl!
US Congress: 2010-Present
pinkie has best hat
:D
I love pinkie in this part XD
Pegasusususus
PEGASUSYSYS
Pegasisisises
Pegasusususes
pagasisisisisisisisisisisisis
DEBATES GIVE ME A WINGBONER
xD
I love talking about this episode, but the chat is way too fast now, the lore nerds should get together and write a draft over it
Pinkie always gets the best costumes
dat Rarity
how dare you ;)
Rabble Rabble Rabble!
Rrrrrrrrufians
Rattle
Accusing the Earth Ponies of hogging all the food. Sounds just like class warfare.
you gotta share
Vivix make a channel :D?
hurumph
military, democracy, royalty
H-M-PF
That's RACIST!
:O
lol..wow
lol hat
MaxTheBrony, maaybe, if anoyne wants too we totally could during the episode
wow, Ponies are racist back then
First....
lol
dat rarity XD
Notice the roles... The Honest, intelligent and shy but fair one got the supportive roles of the leaders
the first youtube commenters
Pinkies4thWall: It was... Batma. (One of the old ones) B movie is Starship Troopers. And the pony episodes are Boast Busters and I dont remember.
:P
Im In Vivix :) im sure theres more
FIRST
Racism, and the consequences are Windigos
Klumzeedragon, it's the Blue Brothers
BRONYSTATE REQUIRES MORE BATMAN
not starship troopers
good for you rdibp, have a cookie
PONY: Behind every great leader is a person pulling all the strings
^
Fluttershys costume is so cute /)^3^(\
Glorious Pegasi Master Race
I guess I did not miss troopers
squeek squeek squeek
Flutters too cute
Star Swirl lived before celestia then?
inb4bestpinkieline
DAT OVERDRAMATIC ACTING
OohShiny: No, Starswirl came AFTER the Celestial Era
inb4 chimney joke
OohShiny: Clover the clever
dem clothes of a noble kind... Twilight
Pinkie wants to be Santa
dat pinkie
Can YOU think inside a chimney?
chimmi cherry
ohmygosh
OohShiny: they just said they werent ruling, they were probaly born
Somebronyss Clover the clever is Star Swirl apprentice
CrimsonPheonix: Oh? Then the guys name was starshiptrooper? 6_9 My bad.
hold on to your hooves
inb4 DAT FACE
DAT FACE
I can't think inside the chimney D=
awww :)
DTA FACE!
I am just about to be BRILLIANT
dat face
hnnnng!
dat faec
Klumzeedragon, they rerolled
to cute
i just wanna eat that pudding
just about to buffer
I hate september
AJ looks more noble than Twiley
Private Pansy
CrimsonPheonix: Ah alright. :) Thank you.
Private Pansy ..... how did I miss that
Who is the best sidekick?
sooo cute
MaxTheBrony, okay, just created a channel, we're not allowed to advertise in chat though- whois should find it though
kidzrul434, wake me up when September ends
Earth ponies were democratic, not aristocratic.
earth ponies are going to buffer
konkers bad fur day
and what r AJ and Twi's names?
im a walkin around in texas with my biohazerd sign on
kidzrul434: probaly because you never remembar what happen in september XD get the reference?
6Gtg..see you guys! ^^
Vivix so whats it called :D?
Fus Ro DASH!
Whining!
Over hyped General
lol
AJ = Smart Cookie Twi = Clover the Clever
5 minutes!
Katalenic no not really
Smart Cookie. XD
Colt_Sterling: AJ: Smart Cookie TS: Clover the Clever
5 minutes..... TOO LONG!
DocSane: What about Fluttershy?:(
DUN DUN DUN!
...THE PRESSES!
AJIsAwesome: Private pansy
Fluttershy = Pvt. Pansy
that ustream
kidzrul434: it's a music from Mic the Microphone
Colt_Sterling: Okay.
......we must turn back, that stream looks deadly
RACIST
it's the bronystate stream :3
Kinky...
Applejack2012: i guess u can say, Rarity, avoids the mainstream. YYYEEEEAAAAHHHHH!!!
:D
It's a strange ranking system, the second in command of Pegasi Army seems to be a Private.
lol dat pinkie
lol
DAT MAP
omg
It's Princess Platina and Maester Clover
this episode is just filled with racisim :|
PONY: Maybe they had a bad war?
This is genius
Never question Pinkie's logic.
SHAT AAAAP
Heaven is canon~~~~~
rdibp: Yes, but the racists are dumb as shit.
I'm just glad I'm home from vacation
rdibp, It's all in the past.
:O
She creates new cathegory of science:Pinkielogy
are you local in the co co
I'd die if Pinkie shut up.
Earth is canon! Earth being round is canon!
dat rewind
lol moonwalk XD
backwards
The earth is round, there is no up or down.
:D
Randomnerd, leaving two military personnel left? Cheese, how many of the enemies survived
lol
:D
Star Swirl probably proved that the Earth is Round
paradise!
:D: Excellent
is there a tf2 hat for Chancelors Pudding hat?
I can see my future house from here
rdibp: no :(
Kothen: Pretty sure a private wouldn't be a second in command.
:(
Fluttershy i so cute!
good idea rdibp
*is
THE DAZZLE HAS BEEN DOUBLED!
AHA THE DAZZLES HAVE BEEN DOUBLED
If it was me i name this land by...this land XD
*sigh* their too busy blaming and vilifying each other instead of solving the problem...Why does this look so familiar..?
PONY: Poor joke on my part.
inb4 best name
WE WILL CALL IT....THIS LAND
theyre*
Kothen, there are ranks that usually come in middle to handle that... If nothing else, then at least anything lower than actual officer... like all the ranks under liuetenant
DIRTVILLE
dirtville!
Unicornia ?
LOL dirty dirt. Who'da thought?
Earth?!
HUZZAH! THE DAZZLE HAS BEEN- DANG IT GUYS, YOU BEAT ME TO THE JOKE!:|
Earth?! EARTH?!?! ... Does not compute!!!!
EARTH IS IN EQUESTRIA!
WAAARG!
SEARCH FOR PONIES IMMEDIATELY
Time for headcanon time
hello guys- OH i love that episode!
hi Hell2000
Pinkies4thWall: and Equestria is on earth---
ohai Hell2000
When Humanity evolved they wiped the ponies
hi
Pinkies4thWall: i guess having a race called Earth ponies wasent enpugh for you huh?
1000 YEARS DUNGEON
if this is earth.... then humans are no more :O
hey Pinkie-Pie
"-You can't take this land, we live here! -Do you have a flaaag?"
Brony_90: Earthception!
One million years Dungeon!
YOu maniacs!
Hi Hell2000
Brony_90: either way, SEARCH
hey everypony
Wait if Earth is in Equestira then entile Universe is Equestria overall. This means that there is probability of ponyland to exist
SirGanjalf: dat reference :D
woah
Pearly: Hi :)
Heya Pearly :)
inb4 Get on with it!
Pearly: Hello!
.......get on with it!
WE GET IT MOVE ON
GET ON WITH IT!
Franek12354: Wait. What?
YES GET ON WITH IT!!
inb4 Monty python ref
are you guys going to stream doctor who later night
we get it
HI EVERYPONY!
Get on with it!
Get on with it!!!
live
Real-Pinkie-Pie: Hello!
hey Katalenic and MaxTheBrony, AJIsAwesome :D
ohai Real-Pinkie-Pie
Real-Pinkie-Pie: hi
Remember, if there are parallel universes, then there are ponies.
Monty Pythony! Get on with it!
I searched high and low
hi Real-Pinkie-Pie :)
:O
So... if the storm followed them, and the windigos, how about the previous place? is it better there now?
Its like the start of a really smutty fanfic...
Everybody trapped in a cave in a cold winter storm
....good point
Kandarihu:I support this idea as well
clearly i do
hey Real-Pinkie-Pie
Kandarihu: and they speak English, too. that's a plus.
PONY: No. Ponies still hating each other there
ANYPONY WANT SOME CUPCAKES?!
this invisible line?i think what that other one...
Yep, it's right there
PONY: No, the storm pony thingies are god-mode
to think that they play this on stage... they are good actors
Colt_Sterling: it's also the start of a very wierd spice x rarity clopfic :3
mmmm cupcakes
*spike
meh
/me gives Real-Pinkie-Pie some tea and cookies
lmao
a rock!
Little Tom
invasion!
Thanks, Pearly!
welcome
haha
It's Tom Jr.
Aww, Tom, when he was just a little boulder,
This is how real war begins
2000 Years later, Rocky attends Puddinghead's descendent's birthday party
battle for a rock!
PONY, probably. The latitude doesn't matter, only the attitude.
RABBLE RABBLE:[
give me hat book
icy rabble
that
harumph harumph
Yay Tom Jr!
NO SHIT SHERLOCK
freezing to death, still call each other names. PONY LOGIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
inb4 I WAS FROZEN TODAY!
How old is Celestia again? 1000 or 2000 pony yrs old?
They were frozen today!
Colt_Sterling: 2000
Cave closed, still windy
/me is frozen
older, Colt_Sterling
ded
No suspicion
Sergio_Scriptor: dat biblical reference
OHH SNOBS! SHE DID NOT JUST GO THERE :o
00,10I was poisen today
/me is chilly
PONY: mmmmagik
inb4 trolls
Sumica: oh noes! how?
/me is frozen
Group HUG!
Winter is coming.
wendigos, the man-eating beasts of the Canadian North.
There is the proof that Star Swirl taught Clover
windigoes=trolls
Winter is coming...
inb4 kingdom hearts logo
Wendigos
summer wrap up
Yeah, Wendigos are horrifying.
dont feed the wendigos!
Colt_Sterling, not only Canada
Therefore Star Swirl came before Celestia
rdibp: parasprites=trolls :3
Colt_Sterling: Yep, their favorite part is eyes:P
Long ago, pony hatred nearly froze the world.
the element of kindness is the only one who ever expressed severe dislike
Real-Pinkie-Pie: *hugs* :) Defrooooost.
inb 4 twilight goes magical
Love!!! Run away!
LOVE AND TOLERANCE ALL UP IN THIS BITTTCCHH!!
THE HORN SAVES THE DAY AGAIN!!!!!
Parasprites are brony-haters, true.
Aren't wendigos those evil spirits that posses people and turn them into cannibals?
Inb4 Clover spell!
It's a play ... FREEZE THE ACTORS FOR REAL WITH MAGIC
lesson: love and tolerate
One question is worth asking: was the land that they abandoned ever settled?
AVATAR STATE!
DIIE
who needs friendship when you have giant pillars of flame
00,10and then they all hated and feared twi because of her power
Fl00tersh41: its people who are canibals they posses
A WITCH! BURNNN
Love and tolerance is a horrible motto
But an Internet Troll loves to make *everyone* miserable
lol dat background rarity XD
Friendship wins!
spiderman wants your friendchips
Flawless victory! FRIENDSHIP!
KINGDOM HEARTS!!!!!
^
this show aint even about Love and tolerance
Inb4 epic Carol Song
/me is not frozen
CrimsonPhoenix: Only if you don't uphold the policy yourself. I do.
grouphug!
/me <3's the Heart Carol
ikr AJIsAwesome
LOOK AT THE FLAG LOOK AT THE FLAG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RainbowPie shippers incoming!
and then equestria was made
harmony harmony oh love~
Equestria!
rdibp, stage prop.
inb4 awesome song that should be longer
And for some reason, they made a flag with Luna and Celestia on it.
sing!
CrimsonPhoenix: Whenever I say "Love And Tolerate", I make sure I do the same thing.
^
Yaplap does this cover better
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=654LuqOqibQ&lc=kUdlQFbUeXPlp3k6kbfRU7dVqq4bN9wNzHF07GSZdDE&feature=inbox
And that's how Pinkie got her cutie mark.
CrimsonPhoenix, I like that policy, personally. A wise man once said that the opposite of love isn't hate. It's indifference.
"and that's how i got my cutie mark"
and thats how Pinkie pie got here Cutie Mark
yubnub
All raise to Equestria's National Anthem!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaand it's music time
all rise
and thats how equestria was made
this sooooong <3<3
Darf14, rofl
THERES FIRE IN MY HEART!?!?! :O:O:O
One of the best songs of MLP:FIM, IMO
Brony_90: YES YES YES
brony anthem
Sadly, this is the weakest song on the show
AJIsAwesome: yep
best athem ever :)
eeeeeeeeeend
clap clap!
Goosebumps
/me is smiling
dat skpe
:DD
lol skype
DAT SKYPE
skype
/me is smiling
Frickin LOVE LOVE LOVE that song!
add a contact
skype is canon
>.>
Is it Equestria's anthem, or a carol?
^
<.<
I use my magic all the damn time, Dash!
Rabble Rabble
inb4 Wendigos
tis a carol Randomnerd
kingdom hearts is best hearts
to the carol http://youchew.net/wiki/images/f/fd/Slow-Clap.gif
Carol, I think-
windigows for season 3 villan
Randomnerd: I think it's their anthem.
brb my dinner is here
Sumica: y i no has you on skype?
*Yawns*
underrated song/10
so.. whats next?
Its sad that only the threat of mutual destruction could forge peace like that..
Doctor Who plz
Im so tired
00,10because you never added me?
aww its over :(
Everyone! Watch the season 3 teaser.
everypony strech
This was one of my fav episodes though
What's now?!
clap clap
FIRST/10
Colt_Sterling: its just a legend
:'(<3
What now?
Season 3 teaser?
NO Randomnerd
Sumi lets watch dr who!
inb4 Mike Jagger
OMG, there's a teaser?
Doctor Who please
Real-Pinkie-Pie its over
rdibp: actually i was first :P
Colt_Sterling, survival is the best motivation for anything.
Teaster???
ohdeargawd
I cannot say what happens, since you know, spoilers.
lol
ealier than first/10
???
MEDIC TIME!
S3 teaser canon?
:D
That fancy Bronystate.
Swag
xD
10/10
:P
dont spoilers here please?
Dr Medick
dat medic
/me whistles
jagger
we got banned
I think the teaser songs can be found easily enough without showing them here.
dat rubber ducky
id like this song a lot more if the lyrics werent about secks
SOLDIERS GOT THE MOVES LIKE JAGGER
YOLO SWAG
nope, soldier does the Banning
POWER HUMP
dafuq?!.. thats epic :D
just saying "season 3" can get you banned
Kandarihu: so love and tolerance is our next evolutionary hurdle?
He looks more like the Medic
why never the lyra version
i <3 this
Whats nexT?
i guess i'm gonna go to bed now,see ya next week,maybe
I love the Lyra best
/me dances along
season 3.... of frasier
And then Medic's pelvis was utterly destroyed
Hi everypony :)
that size fist=soldier
hi cachi
oh hai cachi01|phone
ohai cachi01|phone>
hai cahi01
hi cachi01|phone
hi
Hi cachi01
and... whats next?
hoi cachi01|phone
yay CMC
hi everyone
lalalalalalalalalala, alalalalalalalalalalaaaaaaaaaa
Colt_Sterling, it's happened before. We need to learn it again.
lol cachi01|phone
dat john joseco
thanks Sumica
CMC!
I call for YTP videos
oh I recognize that art work, John Josesco
Hi thrackerzof :)
wtf
?
<.<
yay
buy lots of gold
?
wee
>_>
Nopony else want's to watch the new Doctor Who ep?
???
D*
:D
dat alliteration
dabuck?
.......ok
wat
This again?
Les hear emergency alert system? XD
ok,bye guys im leaving :)
00,10hmmm wrong disk
Hammy in Ponyville
Oh, what's this? DVD Special Features?
....oh a movie
Bye sergio!
What in the hoof was that?
alright bai everypony! /)?
PONY: what new ep
yeah, its time for marsian friday movei night
Bye Sergio_Scriptor
Bye rdibp!
cya
Sumica: wat is dis?
cowvarkian: didn't the season start today?
bye rdibp (\
um
Colt_Sterling Bonus Content
mica
Looks like a menu from Over the Hedge
Bye rdibp
???
/me waits
To protect the world from devastation and unite all people within our nation. How heroic
oh my
oh myyy
This was not on my DVD
OMaaai
gesundheit
aight brb though
"oh my..."The buck XD?
umm
reminds me of windows 95 setup
huh, itt did start today
/me yawns
/me yawns too
cowvarkian: Slowpoke??
:D
?
BEST VIDEO
OoT!
LET"S DO
dafaq?
N64!
Link @_@?
ah, bongo bongo
THE CAN CAN
YESS
Ooooh my. This/
ooh OOT
wat
TovlerTheClever, I'm pretty sure that was a mistranslation.
LOL
:D
I hate that boss!
lmao
:D
cowvarkian, it has been discussed here whole day
o.O
OOFT!!!
haha
:D
Mica. Why you so awesome.
epic
Hey Listen
CAN CAN TIME
o.o
Zelda!
TOoT FTW!
lololololollolololol best video ever :D
o.o
aargh
soo much zelda
can can zelda!
Fuckin ocarina of fuckin time FTW
i love can can variations :D
anything can be remixed
Hey listen!
The Can Can of Time.
Legend of can can
The Ocarina of Can Can
GC colours :(
dat Infernal Galop :3
i still love bongo bongo
ow X-X
<.<
OUCH
dat face
Dat shriek.
dat earrape
The can can of Zelda: Mindbuck through time
Ouch
<_<
GAME OVER
O.o
I fear that Great Fairy too
rip headphone users
Auw
/me grabs a marker and scribbles "Ear Rape" on Sumica's video
D:
ear rape
yay!
yeah agreed OohShiny
I just had to wear headphones X_@
^^
It ends where it begins
omg wtf am i watching?!
Great fairy has best boobs?
NAme of this vid?
human RD?
human RD D=´?
Colt_Sterling: Welcome to Bronystate XD
fantasmic
Dafuq is this ?!
wecome
Sumica: what is this epicosity?
welcome
cachi01|phone: Great fairy has best sharp looking triangles, yes.
LOL its a joke, this is bronystate
Colt_Sterling welcome to the herd, expect a lot of youtube pony videos
ikr Klumzeedragon
lol really?g3 XD
dat face
00,10cant seem to locate the disk with eh specal features
confound these ponies
why are we all welcoming Colt_Sterling he's been here for a while...
im out. cya tomorrow everypony
dis music is familiar
Sumi?
Cya colt!
Michael: they drive me to drink?
Tetris!
What was that?
Tetris!
TETRIS!!!
What's on the stream?
LOL TETRIS!!!
HEY ITS ME!
I thought that was the disc you already had in there.
THE PILING STUFF GAME!
now is on my head!
Dat Korobeiniki
in it too
Tetris!!
epic
good ol people's lament
cowvarkian: they drive me to do crazy things
Nostalgia
that too michael
i want this song so bad... download-link?!
This is an awful chord progression ._.
that too Polydunami
Seriously i want the name of these vids
Brony_90 google korobeiniki mp3
now I wanna play Tetris
/me feels like a cog in DT's scheme, like a etris piece waiting to be used
swaitis made something like this with that song
Can you play Fluttershy's lament after this?
i have a friend at dragon con and im trying to get him to find Tara Strong and have her voice something for me...
Hi everypony!
adt refrence Silver_Spoon
/me is playing tetris
twilight_sprinkle oh bronysith right+
hoi Silver_Spoon
ohai Silver_Spoon
I am currently downloading TF2... :'( It better work on my computer.
twilight_sprinkle ?*
Klumzeedragon: usually it should work
why have i never seen this
hi
bronysith is at dragoncon?
Hell2000: because you're a human
ohai Applejack2012
:DDD
cachi01|phone yep
omg
killerpony7733: bronysith what? O.o
:D
LOL
BABARAN
O_o
Shed.MOC
dat announcement song
*MOV
Brony_90: Usually but my computer isnt that great. :P
twilight_sprinkle nvm then i just know someone whos going there too
baberan
Operand!
HEY HEY HEY STAY OUTTA MAH SHED
SECOND BEST SONG IN UNIVERSE
killerpony7733: bronystih is going there?!
lawl
There sure is alot of me!
barber and
Operand. Op-operand
i love this
twilight_sprinkle he is yes :P
SHED.LIFE
dat twilight
BEST OVERALL SONG IN UNIVERSE IS SMILE SMILE SMILE
epic
I need a kumikyoku made with pony sounds
killerpony7733: crrrrap i should asked him to have Tara voice it for me too
>.>
I need MLP intro made with pony sounds
twilight_sprinkle tough luck i guess hehe
elvis?
no
3+2
FEMALE elvis
there is a german cheese commercial with this song
its an operand :3
Elvis Pie
killerpony7733: id die of awesome if she voiced this /)^3^(\
Du meinst Babybell
that wasnt elvis >.>
jawohl
:D
It's all a matter of adding two and two together to make three :3
that song...
Castlevania
elvismena pie
2+2=fish
dis music is familiar
Castlevania =D
Castlevania!
O.o
Cool song
7+7 = triangle
i love dat freaking game!
What video is this?
Find a Vampire
the hell
poor twilight she'll never be rainbow's pet
interesting
What is a Man?! A Miserable pile of secrets! But enough talk have at you!!!
awsomesaws
I can see mlp sound clips being turned iinto japanese
Castlevania, huh?
oh hey
What is a pony...but a miserable pile of secrets
who would want to be RD's pet?
ikr Darf14
it bluntly tell you right there
lol ponyvania XD
I see my mind being ponyraped
enough talk have at you
otakon I sure don't
Hey did BMN finish?
MOAR
Tank the tortoise would
I have been ninja'd
nooooooo
omg
MODS DO NARAVAR RISING WITH PONY
dat Renard
GilDash|BRB, Have you seen the new Doctor Who yet?
Hm?
Nopony wants to be rd pet
Ponyvania: Elegy for Luna
Rarity looks ...ehh
dat aj
MODS, CAN YOU DO MY LITTLE SKYRIM AFTER THIS?!
and dat spike O.o
PONY: No, and I'm a bit busy I'm afraid.
Real-Pinkie-Pie: I dont know, can they
dat fluttershy
what the hell is spike doing...
shipping senses tingling
PONY: it hasnt aired here yet
I want spike to be my drummer...
GilDash|Away: I really wonder what you are up to atm.
>.>
lawl im gonna go afk" Since im playing dayz with a mate :)
cowvarkian: I'm anxious.
dat rarity face
in three hours
PONY: Ping me some other time, okay? :)
fluttershy will always be graceful, even when picking her nose
well, two and a half
GilDash|Away: ping.
lol dat pinkie XD
It'll be Me, scootaloo, sweetie belle, apple bloom and spike in a band...
To save the chat press all the buttons.... But dont ask me, im just a kid!
Michael: She looks drunk for me XD
lol at RD
I hear bounces
Someone got the reference?
No one?
rabies never mutes the BGM >:C
i accidentally pressed full volume and holy fuck it scared it me
SHAME ON YOU
i smell shipping
cowvarkian: It's series I've been waiting second most, right after ponies.
So this song... what is it?
Yeah, ikr PONY
sounds like advance wars 7 theme song to me
Sounds like something out of VVVVVV
yeah
Michael Twilight x Shy?
it might be 6Vs
no OohShiny
ADVANCE WARS 7 THEME SONG
Michael thanks god
it really does, Polydunami
Hey its me!
lol >p
I really need to play that game :S
:P"
The fact Ponies ain't announced yet bothers me
I need to play vvvvv
It looks so cooñ
L
the music never ends D=
oh yesss
They want us to be excited :3
@_@
??
DIS
Katalenic: and then it ended
epiicc
lol
OH GOD
lol
CELESTIA GOING AT THE GALA
LOOOOOOOL
Celeatia!
OMG
:D
its a combonation of zelda star wars and advace wars 3 black hole rising...
xD
RUN! :O
Just going to the store :D
Love this one
umm...what is this?
Evaculate
ha i never saw this before :D
O_O
00,10I fully expect next saterday for there to be an anouncment
retardestia
O_O
lolololo XD
And this is why i joined The New Lunar Republic :/
XD
lmao
Ponies the Anthology, why have you made this. :D
let the hype begin
the original video was so creepy
Sumica, you expect a bit too much
:D
cefaggia
Now we need emergency alert system, bronystate should invest in that
yay
So when is EQD going to make their next "announcement"?
applejack :D
dat SFM
JAPPLES!!!
SFM FTW BWT
looks so real
*BTW*
dat apple
hubbert
MOARRR guns!
AAALLLLL the guns!!
Boom!
hai everyone
Mee the pinkie pyro would be awesome.
00,10engi hax
japples look wierd sitting on her hanches
HAX!
ohai Alchemist
Hi Alchemist :)
erected by me :3
Sumica: these vids are helping fill out my MLP vid playlist on youtube
:)
Meet the pinkie pyro would be awesome
YES
lol
BEST VID
xD
onii-chan
Cutscene Power to the Max
omfg....
Onii-chan!
brother?
Oh damn
lawl
best vid ever
poor Flufflepuff
WAS IT YOU STRING BEAN
NOW YOU FUCKED UP
ONII CHAN
Oni-Chan!!
onee chan
Onii_CHAN!
xD
Sweetie bell is brave
onii-chan~
Now you fucked up!
ONII CHAN!
-_- MAKE IT STOP
she's so cute
best face
What is this from?
:P
SO CUTE
now
lol
Oni Chan
:D
MaxTheBrony: no idea
I dunno why but this is kinda pervy
lol
SO CUTE <3
I need you?
お兄ちゃん
Yeah it kinda is dirty?
umm
:P
dat fluttershy
look at Fluttershy! did you see her eyes?
Flutters!!!
Dat true story
Five minutes later, this argument is still going on.:D
different languages ahead
multi-language!
MaxTheBrony: the Now you Fucked up part is a skit from Whitest Kids you Know.
oh my god dont do this do flutterwounder its better
Oh man
Inb4 Yaplaps version
wee, adorableness
inb4 fails?
DAFUQ ... i was drinkin... i spit over my PC....
All we need is Yaplap.
have the lottery winners announced yet?
Klumzeedragon: ahh thanks.
:O
umm
Norwegian version! :O
needs moar Yaplap
Uh...
This is Danish
um
har dem gjort svenska?
DO GERMAN
Omg
ah.. expexted solrac:(
Lol why am i talking swedish xD
yeaahhhh...
now in spanish!
did we just switch languages mid song?
This is not Norwegian its Danish
FRENCH <3
i thought this was yaplap.... you dont how fast i can put off my headphones
o.o
probaly will have brazilliam...it will be so awful...i'm braziliam and i don't like the dub of mlp in braziliam
Looked like Charlie Brown at the second honey to me
Uuh nyaaa
GERMAN DO IT
TOO ADORABLE
GERMAN"!!
LOL
Katalenic BROHOOF!
I think it shall go through all the languages! :D
GERMAN WILL MAKE
HNNNGGG
pls say theres German
,Oohshiny: /)
HGGGGGGGGGGGGN
HER SO SEXY
romanian!
hahaha
xD
Romanian not so much
there is german xD
TOO ADORABLE
:3
le wut
too cuye
thats not german -.-
Foreign dubs of anything rarely do justice to the original.
cute
GERMAN MAKES EVRYTHING SEXY
I prefer the norwegian version. But the VA for flutters for romanian is pretty adorable
Magyar
Sumica: that Meet the applejack film needs AJ Voiceover.
Hungarian makes everything sound harsher :3
still no german .-.
That would be epic
I must mute if the swedish song comes on
this voice is wrong
UUH NYAA!
:P
its not bad
Colt_Sterling norwegian was actually danish
yay
wee german
all the launguages
killerpony7733: mmmmm..danish
Roboshy!
no, dutch
FREAKING SEXY
*languages
almost...
megan DON'T
killerpony7733 yeah it was
needs danish
-_-
:p
:) this
Mwah, the dutch one wasn't that bad :)
I understand it... Fuck it, I understand it
right of speach you ass
Colt_Sterling ugh danish MLP FIM makes me cringe, our actors for it really just lacks what makes the voices unique
this is isnt that bad
killerpony7733 i guess you are Danish like me
Italian is allright
Maybe we ought to play Alegria to ponies sometime :3
Mieeeeeleeeeeeeee!
notbad
Hello
it never ends
ohai Danishpizza
welp... im singing the englisch text the whole time :DD
Please don't show the brazilian one
How many languages are there?
PLEASE DON'T
POLISH FOR THE WIN! Great Voice
another dane
lol Egoraptor's opinion of Golden Eye on Game Grumps "This game is a bunch of JOHN WAYNES!" lol wha?
TheMonstaMuffin Born in greenland but my parents are from denmark and i have been living here for two years now
:)
aww cute
IT NEVER ENDS!
portuguese not braziliam but portuguese from portugal '-.- i said it will be awful
so cute
killerpony7733 Awesome!
Katalenic the brazilian one sucks too
Looks like the Polish, *sunglasses* really hammered this song in. YYYEEEAHHHH!!!
it has made for never end hahahah
Stuuuuuukah!
:p
this voice is wrong
did she say stuka?
Hey now
THIS IS NOT DANISH FUUUU
yes!
This is Norweigian?
Hey guys.
:p
what language is it then?
Is anypony noticing slight musical difference varying by region?
Sweetie Bell: OHHH COMEOOOOOON
hey
MaxTheBrony yes it was
WADAFAQ?
eww
stuka is a german dive bomber plane
Czech
czech weakest so far
Heya TheRandomkid321
Hmm. Czech. nice
Not bad
ohai TheRandomkid321
Pinkies4thWall: I am, it's a pitch shift in the song mp3.
Swedish gonna sound terrible :P
Does this ever end?
OH NO
Adult to sing a kids role
hiu
Eeeeew
dyyyyiiiiing~
TheMonstaMuffin So yeah, i'm as danish as i can become. But i prefer living in denmark cause theres so much more to do hah
hi
EEEEEEEEW
this is so fail :D
D:
dat swedish
WHY!!!
Swedish sounds good.
needs Swedish Spitfire
TheMonstaMuffin where in denmark are you located?
better now
Swedish is pretty damn good
SWEDISH WHERES PEWDIEPIE AND ROBBAZ
Ashamed of being swedish now.
Swedish is not grating
russian!
killerpony7733: what do u call your donuts in swedishand?
Oh my
killerpony7733 Copenhagen, Amager
Russia!
Oh, COME ON!
Swedish sounded bad :P
Russia
ura!
VOOOOOODKA!
где это я дышит все чудесаааами
Aj, i notice an actual difference in the instuments, i think.
Russian makes everything sound better
How about the YAPLAP version, and just turning the volume down to 1/4 normal
Russian dancing men
ROBBAZ...KING...OF...SWEEEEEDEEEEEEEEEEN
VODKA + PONIES = Something bad
TheMonstaMuffin hah i live in jylland haha,
GERMAN
Drunk Ponies ;P
Sumi, can you tell instrumental differences?
not this
OOOOOHHHHHHH
killerpony7733 Haha >(
not please
what language was this?
spanish
Before german
Colt_Sterling donuts in danish? we actually call it the same i think honestly
marsian
killerpony7733 whops :)"
JAWOOOHL
spanish? cool
HELL YEAH
Why did i expect to hear Me Gusta?
/me facehoofs
KARTOFFEL
I like this voice over
HEEEEEELLLL YYAA
german translation is horrible :[
The pitch varies very slightly among the different languages
Ph my
hhhoooonnniiiiiigggg
japan
killerpony7733 i was supposed to make a happy smiley :)
NOOOO, TOO ADORABLE
KAWAIIIII
if you understand it
japanese always cute
...sounds like a baby is singing
pankreas: ikr
Oh geeze, you see that?
MOEEE!
it NEVER ENDS!
I wonder why there is a pitch-shift in the international relases of the show............
*HEAR that?
eh, decent
Flutter Chan :$
*releases*
oh my
Oh my
hush now
please don't show the brazilian one
Oh, no.
Oh, dear...
Oh, no............
TheMonstaMuffin ah can happen to everyone it's kinda why i use the smilie tab
oh no
this have a braziliam dub D=
All the voices in the fandub were done by a single Seiyuu
Hush now in a million languages? :D
killerpony7733 hehe
FUNFACT: Sweetiebelles singer is Applebloom's Voice actress
im gonna mute the hungarian one and go cry in a corner...
Feel dat soul
i think i have to sleep a bit later today
german!
YAY
I bet they are gonna say Norwegian on Danish again
where's metal?
German!
FUCK YEAH
Punch or hunch?
it gets awesome in german
argh
must...not...make...nazi joke
-just joined chat wearing headphones- AHH MY EARS!!!
TheMonstaMuffin we'll see
Colt_Sterling, Funfact Mandopony has collab with Sweetie Belle's Siinger many times
Its like an episode of MAgic schoolbus
Don't mention the war!
german translation and voice makes me cry
YES I LIKE THIS IN GERMAN
Yeah Polish again
lol colt
Is that a hint, Colt_Sterling? :3
oo. an extended cut of Snow White and the Huntsman is available
it gets faster!
Polish is good~
CrimsonPhoenix: Funfact: Mandopony lives 2 and a half hours and 2 skytrains away from me. :)
suddenly sweetie is a pegasis
oh no i missed german ;_;
This is a higher pitch
Hell2000: tis always on youtube
lip synch?
YEAH
Colt_Sterling, pretty cool
Dat jumping bed
Italian theme was better
CrimsonPhoenix: the perks of living in the coove.
ugh
:o
okey sweetia sesata
coove?
flutters voice is so cute
that acctually sounds kinda good
parabasta sweetie!
Swedish in this is horrible aswell
This one has Fluttershy right
CrimsonPhoenix: VanCOUVEr.
Uh oh
wtf
ooooooooooooh
Whoa...
Oh yeah, I forgot about the Italian opening :D
Wtf
Sumica: what is the youtube channel for these multinational pony songs
dafuq...
?
its tottally wrong
:P
hahaha:p
desunaaaaa
bueno.....
Egad
What even?
?
vavaradormir
00,10no clue Pinkies4thWall
God damn
im laughing so hard i can barely type DDDDD
Dasnish!
CrimsonPhoenix: Funny thing about vancouver, EVERYTHING is 2 and a haf hours and 2-3 skytrains away
I want to hear the Japanese versions of these songss.
Okay, Danish is better
DANISH MUFFIN
The backup vocals are horrid in the Euro-portuguese version
Danish
yay the Dutch!
There is the brazilian dub guys, the worst is coming yet
*songs*
And this one, for that matter
stealinu
It is Danish! :O
awsome danish
I like the Dutch
Colt_Sterling, wait that means....DAMMIT YOU CAN GO TO BRONYCAN
swedish!
hello everypony, am i late for gigabit's show?
Oh, no.
sagas: Why thank you kindly :)
BronyInstrumental: nah its like 3 hrs legft
CrimsonPhoenix: Oh Shi-, theres a bronycon here?!
BronyInstrumental: Nope.
swedish =D
ohai BronyInstrumental
that is painful to hear
not that bad...
xD
Colt_Sterling, you live in Vancouver too?
she said gaga
SwedishShy, you sound so wrong
Iwa: You earned it
need spanish :(
Swedish is so painful to hear when your swedish yourself
:P
Colt_Sterling: Yeah, you didn't know?!:O
o.o
...
slummre
:P
they all say stealinu
i thought portugese sucks
Colt_Sterling: I think it's called BronyCan.
Fluttershy sounds terrible in these dubs.
Polydunami: OMG! We have a bronycon?! WHy did i not here about this?!
sagas: Squee ;3 (\
MaxTheBrony: i know
All the fluttershys sounds so...Awesome /)^w^(\
tax sweetie?
Brony_90 prepare yourself for the brazilian one
FRENCH <3
french <3
meh
90 year old woman
Fancy
Well, it was announced on Twitter a few days ago, Colt_Sterling; next summer in BC is all I know
She's speaking fancy!
shes pretty bad..
Uh oh
Rather, all WE know
nope nope nope nope nope nope
The dubbed languages are really horrible..... except swedish spitfire..... sexy swedish spitfire
OUCH
nooope
is it just me or are the french songs worse than swedian
chi chi chi wat
In the cutie mark pox, what language does applebloom talk in the french dub?
Sumica: i found the channel
OMG...DO SMILE SMILE SMILE IN GERMAN
in the french cutie pox episode, does applebloom start speaking english when she speaks "fancy"?
YES
OohShiny: She speaks "ancient french"
need yay momment on multi-language
season 2 is not in germany yet i think
Iwa oooh
still nu herzanu
GERMAN PINKIE IS SEXY PINKIE
Michael : AWWW YEAAAHH
Moon!
weeee
nah.. german pinkie... geht so
dafuq
ME GUSTA
BronyInstrumental: 6_9 Research! To the internet!
See, BronyInstrumental, she'd still have the fleur-de-lis
IT NEVER ENDS!
VAMOS
o.o
EVER!
/me facehoofs.
Sumica: can i post a link to the channel these can be found on?
damn, spain u failed me
Spanish is just out of place
I love it.
ITS THE SONG THAT NEVER ENDS!
angeber trixie
Question: In the episode where applebloom speaks fancy, is she speaking French-French or Quebec-French?
o.o
00,10they can look them up if they realy want them Pinkies4thWall
ok
ТИШЕ НАМ ПОРА ВСЕМ ЛОЖИТСЯ СПАТЬ
that lip synch
I'm...not sure if want
Spasebo, Sweetie
DEM CHORDS
ARABIC?!
ARABIC!?
i cant understand anything so me
Colt_Sterling: As far as my french goes...regular french-french :P
DocSane: spasIbo*
СПАААААААТЬ
Arabic? WOW.
Da fuq
dang internet, stop derping
Colt_Sterling: Exactly!
Arabia!
O________________O
o.o
hahah
xD
what the
O___________O
Its actually not that bad....
Arabian
hey sweetie, where are you hiding the nuclear bombs???
Hilarious
These ponies sure know many languages...
why am i lagging behind everyone?
:P
That recording equipment.
can you post the channels name? Sumica?
the worst
otakon?
The recording is awful.
Agh
NOO
Oh god....
brazil!
yes?
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
bad voice acting the mouth doesnt match the words -_-
xD
NO!
00,10Pinkies4thWall can
Brazilian
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO
aaaand prepare for the braziliam version everypony...it gonna be horrible...i really dislike the braziliam dub...and i'm a braziliam .-.
O_o
hahahahaha
IT. NEVER. ENDS.
This is just fail
Pinkies4thWall: yes?
Translations are a pain in the ass, to be fair.
00,10autotuned
Robo-brazilian female voice, GO!
Damn READ DEAD REDEMPTION keeps getting sadder and sadder as I progress.
Randomnerd: especially songs
Hate the brazilian DUB!
lip sync?
HATE MY COUNTRY SO MUC
Sumica: i can what?
latino...
dat obvious autotune
Latino...Spanish...Whats the....
Egad, autotune
00,10post the channle name
its not tat bad
-facepalm-
twilight_sprinkle: Si.
OohShiny I know that feel bro...
In my country translations are either females voiced by males or vice verse
*versa
I was just watching this in Costa Rica a couple of days ago
Aircrafter: IKR?
do it sumica
Sumica: channel name, or link
?
Yeah, this was autotuned too.
gracias sweetie!
This very episode
00,10name
oh please don't
no. NOT YAY.
HERE
WE
GO
okay.
Yes!
Yeesh
lets go...
oh my god
AHHHHH
yah english
OH MY FUCKING GOD NOT THIS SONG
riro riro riro
Sumica: Can you play My Little Skyrim after this?
this gonna be good
the italian pwns every other intro
Oh no the Danish dub of the intro is bad
no not braziliam again D=
inb4 france
BIG ADVENTURES
Oh boo hoo, this song :|
Italian intro was best
German will be an embarrassment
WORST PONY SONG EVER SMILE IS BEST PONY SONG
How do you say "Pony" in spanish?
german intro is sweet ^^
Prepare yourselves for more brazilian dubbing
its an easy feet
Caballito?
Oh yes.
headphone time
FRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nuts
For anypony wondering the channel name, youtube search: Pluszcz
Yay Mexican Spanish :D
Brony_90: no... it isn't
DerpyMuffins, Italian intro is always best
Liiitle
Egad
The Magic of Friendship...
*french
CrimsonPhoenix: BronyCAN's OC looks surprisingly like Fausticorn.
Oooh, speaking of translation: Can't wait for the french version of the Smile song :O
damn dat was pinkie?
i shudder to think about the swedish one
IT NEVER ENDS
Colt_Sterling, I thought that too
EVER
just wrong
hey, they translated France wrong
NEVER FOREVER!
Amistad....
SPAIIIIIIIN
It sounds evil
2 spanish?
NO AHH!?
DerpyMuffins there's 3
Egad
much better
CrimsonPhoenix: I can just imagine a bunch of Italian guys sitting around a table smoking up a storm and then yelling "Fuggit, we'll write a new song"
Deminutive equines, deminutive equines, demonuitive equineess!!
meine allerbesten freunde seid iihr >_<
we need Derpy in multiple languages
no ahh ahh ahh
wut?
Aww, no angelic choir?
Liberacion?
Me pequeno pony...
wake me up when germany rules the world :/
killerpony7733 waiting for the Danish :)
/me wakes megan up
so why are we listening to painful foreign dubs?
FRENCH
freeeeeeeeence
YEEEES
french!
inb4 fraaance
the brazilian dub is the reason there is few brazilian bronies
So far so good.
humunumununu they rule now?...HOLY CRAP THAT WAS FAST
/me actually understands some of this
What is that, free-spiritedness? "Freedom" is Libertad.
heeeeeeeeeeeeeeh yeah
00,10instead of saying fraaaaaaaaanc they say uuuuuussss
I'm not a fan of this one
dem background singe- OH GOD RAINBOW DASH
FRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANCEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
usssssss
they sound all familiar
Sumica: ninjad, minutes ago :P
Uniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiis
France translated France wrong!
ewww at AJ's voice
/me falls asleep
this could have been better
NO!
Canadian!
i used to watch MLP in spanish
lol twilight_sprinkle
"The Friends, They are Magic!
slow..............
that voice.....
OWOWOWOOW
o.o
then i saw english
O.O
painful
O>O
/me do not want face
What version is this?
oh god what
ssipe?
@_@
this is SO WORSE
what is this one?
I didn't like this...
WHAT VERSION IS THIS?!
xD
MY EARS, GOD MY EARS!
the chorus is ok
Oh GOd.... WHY
Colt_Sterling: french canadian
that was horrible
Damn frogs
HERE WE GO.
german!
:D
I'm sorry, CrimsonPhoenix :(
I feel canadian french is extremely simplified french french
eww.
German
:S
FUCK YES
and I'm french canadian, this fucking sucks
YAY
ach
...
AAHAHAHA
wtf
PinkiePry, I don't believe that
......
WOW.:S
Pinkies4thWall: Im so sorry...
GOD THAT VOICE!
AGH GOD
nvm gay voice
sounds like a dude
There are no words to explain this.
THERE'S NO FRENCH CANADIAN VERSION
LACHFLASH
dabuck the voice
yah i understand it yes
this is so awful
<3 the German dub
german is good
Link to this video
THESE VOICES ARE HORRIBLE!
mustnt make the joke....mustnt...
What CrimsonePhoenix?
please
THE MIC QUALITY!
Greek!~?
greek
??
oh no, not the Greeks!
ooh nice
Greek!
Oh. Its actually good.
Peagsus
this looks good
Greek?
THAT VOICE IS INSULTING TO GERMANS LIKE ME
decent
they have money for voice actors?!!?!?!
i used to wonder what economical crisis could beeeeeee
00,10breathless rarity
This is alright.
"notbad"
better than the frenchcanadien cover...
o_O
its all greek to me!
They have greek, but not latin?
CrimsonPhoenix: youtube search for channel named Pluszcz
GOIREGVHBIUFDREHVB
sounds like bad porn to me
dem letters
That...Greek...RARITY....
What do people have against latin?
Sumica: Why are you playing this?!
-eargasm-
YEAH IKR
This isn't pretty bad
Hey,German freunden, what accent does Photo Finish have?
So breathy
NORWEGIA TAKES IT AGAIN! :D
00,10why not
get them to the Greek
brb
wake me up when the sone smile comes on...
Randomnerd: dunno...
well, the voices here are good too
Randomnerd none i think
Dat Greek lettering
Nope, to much vibratio in the "pony" part of the chorus...
/me falls asleep
WHY DO YOU TORTURE US SO, Sumica!
AJ fail
Is there a Swedish dub anywhere?
i kinda like this...
00,10this is not torture
THAT ANSWER
Oh, no. Swedish.
00,10you have not seen me torture
o.o
Whoa!
TO HE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON BIATCH
wow, they changed the tune
chords
That was AWESOME.
:o
wadafaq?
thats cool
O.o
ONLY ACCEPTABLE FOREIGN DUB IS SEXY SPITFIRE!
Swedish
lOL
Those backing voacals!
:D
SUMICA DO SMILE NEXT
Sumica: this is fun
hahaha
Pretty nice
:)
o.O
Can't wait for the danish
Sumica: I will take MLP Live to this!
First swedish pony song that were good
its not that bad... i like this one
this was ok
Most enthousiastic intro, right here
vanskar de magiks!
Dutch
this them multi language things?
Okay, Swedish wins so far
:)
Wait, there are international dubs of Smile posted on Youtube?:O
Hurrah för sverige
lol
Oh, no.................
not that bad
woah
sorry but....lol
dat quality
the first time they said poneh
My mom LOVES the Dutch song from that other video
fear.
haha
Aircrafter: Yeah, Greek Rarity sounds like a goer :O
those throat noises do Not fit
Sumica link to this video please
Video Quality level: Minecraft
LMAO
if youre german this so frickin funny xDDDD
... Do I need glasses?
This was okay.
00,10I dont have the link
OH NO
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO
im german
OH NOOOO
LOL EHEHEHEHEHEHEH
00,10I use local files
PLEASE DONT"
Kandarihu: the G2 or whatever it was?
LOOL
xD
and here comes the worst part D=
Brazil
AHHH MY EARS!!!!!
Oh. Never mind
HORST HOCHT HECHT!
hahahaha
EEEEEEH
Poneeeee
No no, poni no here
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
my ears!!:O
mordekaiser es N!
No idea which one it's from.
This is awful
I don't like this one.
ace ventuuuuura?
NEIN
Another low-quality recording :(
....................
NEIN NEIN NEIN
eh. no effort it seems
FEGELEIN
I don't want to live in brazil anymore D=
RRRRRRRG
Wow.
shame to be brazilian right now
I say sacrebleu as well :|
OOH
...
twilight_sprinkle: CONFOUND THAT FEGELEIN!
Not so bad.
agh
I'm brazilian and I can make fun of my people
Why whyyy
Oh, and I disapprove my dub
lawl
FAGGLINE
pretty nice one
OohShiny you're not the only XD
feeeeeeeeeen
I'm kinda trolling my mom. I tell her that one of them is more different than the other, implying that the real difference isn't dramatically different
My headphones are breaking up :(
YEAH
o.o
Sumica, would you tell them the channel on youtube is Pluszcz? they seem to not be all finding my posts, I figure a mod color text post would stand out more>
They don't love each other anymore :'(
poneh
LMAO
Pluszcz
mykuts sa poneh?
o.o
woah
dat Caramel Big mac
I wonder if there is a British English dub?
hahah
DAT PINKIE
dat applejack voice
sounded like a smoker
xD
and back
...What have they done to applejack.
sagas: whats the point of that?
Maybe a cockney dub?
DEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED
deeaaaa
...
finnish?
FlutterMEDIC: Welcome!:D
twilight_sprinkle: Well we have french and canadian french dubs....
YEAH NO THERE'S NO QUEBEC VERSION
well, this is good
ohai FlutterMEDIC
beter
better*
If there's one someone PLEASE link me
Is there a Japanese version available?
Polydunami: But we have canadian french and french french dubs....
who's running the stream right now?
I AM NOT AMUSED
sagas: those are probably significantly differnet
Uh oh
BRACE YOURSELVES
o.o
CN?
O.O
omg
O.o
oh shit
xD
hahahah
arabic?
my little nuke~
LOL
wtf
what...
Dafurkkk
AJIsAwesome: Only fan dub. No official Japanese dub yet.
Cartoon network NOOOOO
The buck?
FFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
twilight_sprinkle: as is cockney
CN WTF CARTOON NETWORK
Tell me a channel where it air the French Canadian
Well, this was originally an English show, sagas.
Cartoon network?
Well... what?
DocSane: Ok.
I DARE YOU
Dat Flutter shy xD
my little suicide bomber
in soviet russia intro sings ou
See, this is okay.
who's running the stream right now?
sorry
What in the hoof is that?
i lold
Oke, they clearly only hired 2 VA's for this...in total...
Terrible
Oh btw Hey Everypony! :)
Rather, English speaking show, sagas :/
dat racism
HERE WE GO
I'm glad there isn't a welsh dub
Finally
YAY
BEST!
err
WAT
YES
But the track for the episode itself is a nightmare.
umm
BEST ONE
I like this the most!
HOLY OPENING
oh.. this one
YUSSS!!
BEST
Heya DerpDash :)
Whoa
BEST INTRO EVER
Italian is soo goooood
hi DerpDash
oh shit yes
ITALIAN!
screw the opening
pony_2958: No. just no.
the winnar
This is different
G5?
Best intro =D
DAFUQQ
we maake one
dis is winnar
wtf'WHAT THE HELL IS THIS SHIT
:[:'(<3
I love that intro =D
best opening
WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED!? :O
wow they actually made there own intro?
Just write a new song.
What song is this?
GERMAN_PONY: the italian opeing
DAMN YOU, ITALY!
I love this intro
<3
italian intro is best intro =D
This one is okay, but I prefer the English one.
/me is surprised
<3
GERMAN_PONY: this shit, is the best shit ever
now thats some dedication
maybe the language was too different to make it fit
Run and fly, My Little Pony!
DAMN YOU, ITALY, YOU GOT THE BEST OPENING
HOW CAN THEY FUCK SOMTHING UP THIS BADLY
I want this translated stat!
LOL What swetie bell on a cloud?
This...is pretty awesome.
(My Face right in this moment): :O
i want this as MLP opening
GERMAN_PONY: this is the best intro :3
altho it sounds like a italian drama tv series at this point
The italian intro is more like of a PMV
SO AWESOME!
epic
FUCK YOU ITS THE WORST
DAMN YOU for being 20% more awesome
This is the extended version
So do the Italians have to watch the entire thing every time? :S
Oh
Feels! Feels everywhere!!
It's taking away from the episode!!!
1:30 minutes
:P
Aircrafter: The people who did the localization decided to just write their own song :D
celestia i am you long lost sister...*Next time on MLP*
like animes
GERMAN_PONY: be nice :C
it is pretty long though
*your
GERMAN_PONY: Mind switching your nick to another one without caps? I already have it in Caps to avoid unnecessary pings... which sie ist jetz causing for me.
i hope this is just an extended version of their opening
thats amazing
This is like anime more than anything
The Feels!
Agrold: It is
loooooong
who's running the stream right now?
I like the song a lot, but it shows a lot of spoilers...
It would be funnier if the intro was longer than the episodes
FlutterMEDIC: SUMICA
thats how the Danish should be
FlutterMEDIC: Sumica
so amazing /)^3(\
thanks
This looks like an anime opening to MLP...................and it's very good.
Heya GigabitHarmonie! Does it start at 9 am?
even if its extended... its still some part of the intro..
nonody2: xD
wee
*/)^3^(\
but yeah if there's really an actual french canadian version
wow
-claps slowly crying-
anyone here seen the Japanese op for Transformers animated? it made the show look 100 times better than it really was
GERMAN_PONY: plus i like the intro, and please try not to insult other users :C
GERMAN_PONY: For example, German_Pony
clap clap
dat was niiiice
/me le claps
here we go!!
o.o
Epic :D
whut
hm, no russian intro
please I dare someone to tell me the channel it airs
Awesome
What.
Oh hey
YES SMILE SONG
dem HDD
oh this video:D
I remember this
watisdat
hahaha
waste of hard drives
xD
Oh my God...
/me sings along
lol
Oh mai :O
FUCK YEAH
epic
yay
WASTE OF HARD DRIVES
:D
so 8-bit language dub?
omaigawd
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
GOD DAMN
howdy!
GERMAN_PONY: why did you say "FUCK YOU" to me?
hows singing with me????
Nah these hard drives got what they deserved
lol the pink hard drive
:P
pinkiestolemyspacebar
im still using 5,25 inch floppies to save my passwords
Old IDE drives aren't useful for much else
FUCKING YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES
im back and wtf
So awesome =D
Watse of hardrives if you ask me
This is great!
/me zzzzz zzzz zzzz, zzz!~
GERMAN_PONY: Do you read me?
Wb Moopy
...Its worth it.
link???
i use ide FOR REAL USE
thanks
so does doing this fuck up your hard drive?
Hows everypony doing today?
GERMAN_PONY: YES!!!
oh man thx for the lyrics twilight_sprinkle
DerpDash: Hello!
OH, wait. These a re floppy drives. Fuck 'em
You guys, these are floppy disk drives :S
DerpDash: good and you?
Colt_Sterling: yeah no problem :D
/me is singing along
hey everypony
/me sings loudly
Michael: kinda sleepy
GERMAN_PONY, no?
WOO FUCKING GOD DAMNED EPIC BEST SONG IN EXISTANCE
00,10these are 3.5 floppy drives
hoi ponyfromPR
ohai ponyfromPR
Let us join together Sagas! zzz z zz z zzz z z zzz
gimme da link
look its sumica's flopy hard drives
ha
/me is getting goosebumps
DerpDash: me too
does this fuck up your floppy drive?
i have 3 floppy drives by me
Now get PORTAL with the floppies
00,10no one uses them any more
Sumica: can we see MLP live? :3
best use for floppy drives
GERMAN_PONY: DO - YOU - READ ME?
GERMAN_PONY: links neben dem a ;)
I USE THEM
heheheh
BEST 1.8mb of my LIFE
Use them to make Music!
I still use floppy disk
how do they make different notes?
/me wears the thing as a neckelace
GERMAN_PONY: Verstehen sie mich?
i want the link to this!!!
1.4*
he programmed it
NEIN
Ohai everypony
GERMAN_PONY: you wear flopppy disks as a necklace?
i have 1.8 floppys
Sumica: Show the tesla coil version.
Can someone PLZ send me a link?
Sumica: what's the name of this?
00,10it's a midi controller
Avenger: no shit..... :D
:O
to much win with the HDD
Petrified_Discord: Hello!
Come on everypony, smile, smile, smile!
aah, for fuck's sake
not disks
SUNSHINE SUNSHINE
hai Petrified_Discord
pony_1974: I used to have a Commodore 64 1541 disk drive. 180 K or storage, baby!
/me is now known as Pony_Zen
GERMAN_PONY: make your nick less all caps
ohai Petrified_Discord
right now i'm wondering if the mods take requests...
smiiiiile
/me use floppy drives to store movies
nein -_-
I love that one of the drives is painted poink with Pinkie Pie's cutie mark.
yeah
now if only my SSD could make music like this....
smile!
the hell with ye copy nicks.
Tesla Coil version
GERMAN_PONY: ja
link?! <3
FlutterMEDIC: Only if they want to, really.
DocSane: i have 2 of those
POKEMON
YES!
xD
LOOLLLLLL!!!
i want to be the very beeeest
POKEMON
Oh shit
Poképonies!
POKEMON
nogodno!! XD
PONYMON
haha
how goes it?
dat pokemon
lol
Pokemon!!
Ew, dub music
Pokeponies?
first opening was so badass
Diamond Tiara as Gary Oak...
MUST HAVE GERMAN SMILE SONG
ponymon
00,10ok let me say it, lose the all caps nickname GERMAN_PONY
to have them kill each other is my cause
Sumica: what was the name of the vid with the floppy drives?
its Ponymon, guys. PONYMON
Y u no put Japanese version!
Michael: back when Pokemon had a plot
DerpyMuffins: ponymon :3
DIGIMON!!!!!!
Anyone here else like Yui - Again? FMA B intro :)?
I wonder how many people here see this song as total childhood nostalgia now.
00,10Pinkies4thWall, Smile song
Colt_Sterling: IKR
Gotta catch'em all
pls say someone except me is singing this
gotta catch hem all!
GERMAN_PONY: is season 2 in germany yet?
google is a wonderful thing
ponymoooon
Michael: back when we were probably both still in gradeschool. :D
Caps aren't allowed?
Petrified_Discord Everfree monsters
This song is actually pretty good
MASF123|: yeah, you gun get banned
That ya was all my win.
for me...gotta make out with them all...but not twilight or applejack
WHOAH!!!!! This song actually has more lyrics?!
MIND. BLOWN.
Colt_Sterling: when power rangers were good series
BEST SONG IF CHILD HOOD NIGUH!
I am watching muppets take manhattan on the hub... the part where gonzo and his chicken we being takin away, and aniaml was grabbing the guys feet... there was two guys with a ladder looking at then it would be cool to say "Yeah, I was the guy who held that ladder in Muppets take manhattan"
ponymon!
42!!
I miss the awesome feeling the first season and movie of pokemon gave
I can't have nostalgia, I watched digimon... :/
I have the 2.B.A. Master album :D
GERMAN_PONY: http://i.imgur.com/hqQvI.jpg
dat pinkie face
Congradulations, Spike. You're the new Pikachu. :)
Avenger, the best album
funfact, theres a game named ponymon!
Derpy_Hooves: damn you
Derpy_Hooves SO CUTE
Michael: no there's not
:P
its a hack
I wish we would've gotten the first pokemon movie, though.
lol at fluttershy
Yeah, I was dissapointed with the other albums
Derpy_Hooves: holy crap lol whats the resolution on that thing
......
gotta catch'em all
Derpy_Hooves the buck with that image bro D=
Funfact: Ash has been in a coma since the first episode after the sparrows attacked him.
GERMAN_PONY: :3
Derpy_Hooves: yes :)
Who would make a better Gary: Trixie or Diamond Tiara?
wrong generation pony
GOTA CATCH EM ALL!!!
nope
funfact: pokemon is fictional
Silver_Spoon: trixieberg
Silver_Spoon: Trixie, IMO
Ponymon ----> http://ponymondawndusk.wikia.com/wiki/Ponymon_Dawn/Dusk_Wiki
GERMAN_PONY: its the RIGHT gen :3
btw, that pic is of G3.5, quite literally the bottom of the barrel
Silver_Spoon: Trixie would have to be Gary Oak, so Tiara
Avenger NO WAI :O
:D
Silver_Spoon: Trixie of course, she has more personality
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6dBLZwjs58 :'(
Petrified_Discord: Gary Oak is cheeriliee
Oy, Forgottencrow
trixie mothabucking oak
Ponymon!
GERMAN_PONY: seriously though, Sumica asked you to make your name less ALL CAPS
will brony state show this suposidly pony-fied 'pound puppies' episode?
Can't you read the sign? :S
OI
o.o
oh god, Shrek 2
YEESH!
Oh, no.
Colt_Sterling that would explain why the series still claims he's 10 years old
It's funny because this song isn't in C minor.
I. LOVE. THIS. SONG.
Michael: :D
PERFECT SONG FOR RARITY!
THIS IS MY JAM.
i only make out with the current generation ponies -_-
Is this the Fairy song?
OohShiny: Yep.
where did i hear this before???
pony_2958: Ya, Canonically Ash is still 10, but MISTY is like in her 20s now cuz apparently if ur a gym leader, u start aging.
btw, more Fluttershy cuteness here ------> http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puvstNGKSRI
/me needs a hero
Brony_90: Shrek 2 ;3
There's still a stream streaming :P
AHHH!!!!....
No video links during stream.
One of my favourite songs
eeyup
dem unallowed youtube links
Wait, is this a Hercules song?
Polydunami Shreak 2
Oh
nope
Shrek
james bond?
Dang, I missed :S
you had it right
/me now wants to watch Shrek again
I think this version is from Shrek 2, but I would almost swear there's an older version
so much nostalgia
Gnight everypony HF with the stram
*stream
Michael: Night!
that dancing pony to the left...
i just got here sounds like ajames bonds song
NullRadix: this is from Shrek 2
night Michael
-cue saints row 3 ending-
i already seen shrek 2 like couple times
Sumica: Are you taking requests?
NullRadix: There is, in fact...this song isn't made for that movie, you know :)
sup NullRadix
Hey guys.
also im busy playing PROJECT ZOMBOID
00,10no Real-Pinkie-Pie
Oh geeze, it has that sound, Quick_Thinker
/me waves at OohShiny
dat rarity
to think that was an Icarus reference
hey Wrek you there ?
Hi, NulRadix! :)
Heya NulRadix
hello therepinkie-pie
evening Real-Pinkie-Pie
00,10wrek is proably sleeping
look at dem spikey
00,10it's like 1am for him
Clap clap!
dawww
NOPE.AVI
Sumica Wrek sleeps?
you guys know you can tab-complete? type Nul and tab and it should fill in the rest
Sumica k
Oh nuts
the middle stuff
Well, it's only 1620 here
wut
Oh hey, I know this
wee
No...No D:
Oh god it's GETTING CLOSER D:
lolwut
U.N. Owen was Sweetie
Not U.N Owen was Her
This is that Ran ran ruu thing, right? :D
00,10it's currently 4-7pm in the centeral 48
HOLY
Where have i heard this
kk.. thx
Polydunami.....I am disapointed
To be honest, I'm sick of this song and it's remixes.
at least there's no Gen 3.5 pony
Would it have anything to do with mcdonalds?
*its*
It's 00:20 here >_>
this is trippy
Wht is this?
CrimsonPhoenix :S
song sounds firmilliar
its 1:20 in my time
I REMEMBER WHERE ITS FROM
AM
song is familiar
I know nothing about this song being from Touhou, CrimsonPhoenix :S
NOW I REMEMBER
6:20 PM
Oh, I know it now!
00,10un owen her from touhou
:/
I'm gonna stay up till 5 though... tomorrow morning
where this song is from?i can't remember
dis music is familiar
the
Trixie x Seth OTP
thelonepony: what is it?
Polydunami, then please state the origin right
Dat Luna beep
it's so familiar
I think this is mcroll
:'(
srsly...why does it sound familiar
00,10most know it as Mc rolled
RAN RAN RUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
sorry just something slipp out of my mine
ders Lily
Sumica, that's what makes me sad
why this song is so familiar
mind* derp
Oh, Flandre Scarlet.
Katalenic: its from Touhou 6
dang, I recognize this song, but I cant remember the name of it >_<
lolz?
And then this part
Now we get into the "U.N Owen was Her" part :)
FlutterMECIC: thx
Alright, Cowboy beebops ganna b on soon. Sumica what do u have planned in the next hour and a haf? and movies n stuff? cuz if not Im ganna catch cowboybeebop
never played touhou 6
What is this song from?
boo hoo hoo
TheRandomkid321: Remix of a Touhou song
Touhou 6
Oh this song
00,10probably just more pmv's and such
dat cheerilee
lol dat error
Thanks for cleaning my screen dash
CrimsonPheonix: Exactly ;3
Flandre's Theme
sumi kk, thx. Ima duck out then. Stay pony my friend.
....Dat earth.
WTF
bye Colt_Sterling
Sumaica: What is this?
I feel alive!
i want more different languages-videos

00,10UN was a pony
lalalalalalalalalalalalalalzllalaLALALalaL~
so much crazyness
kumikyoku with pony sounds?
cupcakes!
...Cupcake?
U.N. Owen was Filly
U.N. Owen was Pony
CUPCAKES....OF COURSE
she said you're a face...
lol. Its so long
how much longer is this thing!?
Flandre is best pony :P
Not long
Key change imminent
This is a five minute thing
There we are :)
oh oh oh
i love this song
through the eyes updated!
can someone pass me the pmv link of this video pls :3?
4thWAL
FIREWALLLLL
*WALL
I still feel a little bit depressed today. I assume it's just hormones though. It's the only logical explanation.
I hate it when people post vids on youtube SOLELY for view count boosts
Bye!
FUCKING PISSES ME OFF
There's a piano version of this, but I can't be played by a human with only 10 fingers :D
/me is back from installing MLP mods on TF2
I still dont get it why do i constantly see Tic Tac Toe on people's faces
TheRandomkid321 /)
*it
buy some apples!
Aww no creepy laugh at the end?
Ugh
00,10ok some one asked for smile so smile it is
yes.
SKYRIM?!?
YES
lol
xD
(\
xDDDD
THIS VIDEO
o.o
OH LORD
HESS YEAH
YEAAAAAH!!!
lol
Best mod
:O
Haha :D
YEEEESSSSSS!!!!
-claps along-
She only smiles when someone dies lol
there are people who havent seen this?O.o
this video made me buy Skyrim
Half the reason I love this song
That's it. I'm off to play skyrim. It's clearly a sign.
PINKIE ARROWS!??
SKYRIM IS POOTIS PINKIE IS PIE
Me playing Skyrim
whats wrong with pinkie?!?!
Pinkie goes killing people singing smile, badass
my mind is full of fucq right now
/me exits chat
POO TIS POW
00,10the people of skyrim did not like her partys, so this happend
this is pinkamena
Whoaa... dude LINK!!!... SEND THE LINK!!!
I HAVE THE SKYRIM MOD THAT LETS YOU HAVE THAT HEAD AND WEAPONS AND HOOVES
0__0
Don't like this vid
This is what happens when you break a Pinkie Promise
Sumica, lol.
Streamer take requests?
Hoofbump xDDDD
Pinkie drank to much mead
Brony_90 just search pinkie pie in skyrim
MaxTheBrony: nope
Sumica: the skyrim community didnt like poniesl so this is pinkie killing all fo them in the online mode
aight :)
oatmeal...are you crazy?
Smile Motherfuckers
I love Gamerboy68
everyday in Skyrim is dark and lonely
and so the people now hide underground, because when you hear the song of smiling...its too late to escape.
I mean
Gamerboy385
she's gathering cupcakes ingredients
Skyrim Pinky: let's put a smile on that face -pulls out sword-
IF YOU DONT SMILE SHE WILL KILL YOU WITH HER BARE HOOVES
Hello Everyone :)
so much death
I knew it
hoi Cypresswolf
hi Cypresswolf
I KNEW IT
Y SO SERIOUS
hiya Cypresswolf
Stay outta pinkie's shed
Hey Cypresswolf :3
Hello Cypresswolf
:D this vid never gets old
Cypresswolf: Hello!
now im gonna buy skyrim just for doin this...
Hai Cypresswolf :)
lol
Hi Cypresswolf!!!!!!!! <3
Brony_90: get PC
Brony_90 yeah..... Its not as easy as it looks
I Will never see pinkie the same again
this video....is so well done ;-;
00,10it's more fun to use the voice with the luna helm
What were the lotto results for next week :)
INDEED!
o.o
hi TF2
<3
Did I win anything?
<3
TF2 MAP IVE PLAYED ON
=D
Cypresswolf: enope
00,10yes you did Cypresswolf
not if you change the sound to Fus Roh yay.
i love this SFM
:O What?
Sumica: don't lie to the poor boy
this video is SO WIN
I always taunt at them
thelonepony: I like Scout Vs. The Witch better tbh
00,10The_Browncoat with Batman 1989
this works so well
Egad, her eye didn't close correctly :S
00,10Cameh Dude with starshiptroopers
00,10derp star with boast busters
00,10Cypresswolf with fall weather friends
^_^
PYRO IS POOTIS
OH GOD
poor Demo
<3 this
thats so amazing xDD
WHERES THE POOTISBIRS HEAVY
all dead
sorry garrys mod, SFM is the new guy in town
Cypresswolf: /)
AJIsAwesome: (\
minecraft
Videos are really much better with SFM
Gary's Mod can suck it
YES.
o.o
MP4
._.
LOOOL
CATGROOVE
/me head bops
:D I almost lost my drink
minecraft in TF2, the programs are merging
Sweetiegroove
suddenly Sweetiegrove
SFM really is a good tool.
DIS.
YES... let spiderman.mp4 be the next xDD
SPIDERJACK NEEDS A HUG
maybe
f you i do whatever i want
maybe
WHY AM I STILL YELLING
OMG, IT LOOPS!
this part <3
german_pony, lol
*hugs otakon*
fuck spider jack
im waiting for the gangam style video so i can start violently killing stream
hiya CCCP what's up man?
F YOU I DON WAT UIwant SPIDER MQAN
hey otakon
twilight_sprinkle, you can just pause the stream.
hiya Pearly
Hi CCCP
how are you?
I <3 that rythym
Kandarihu: i can do both
hi
OH GOD
YAY
note to self: never let dad touch my phone ever again now all my music and videos are gone cause he just HAD TO JAILBREAK IT FUCK HIMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
YESS
FUCK YOU I DO WHAT I WANT
NOU
lololol
*super glomps PinkiePry 9,000,000,000 times
:D
/me spins
Quick_Thinker: Your dad jailbreaked it?
sumica is dancing
/me hugs Quick_Thinker
CCCP: ITS OVER 9000!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
/me does what he wants
FUCK YOU I CAN SHOOT WEBS
Umm *Hugs CCCP*
oops
buffer?really?
german_pony, how do I shot web
lol
xD
lol
Oh great it loops
So much .MP4
Best team up ever.
*super glomps Pinkies4thWall**
IT LOOPS!
yes he did and i can barely contain my rage im trying my best not to punch my wall *last time i did i went through it*
haha
CCCP!
I really someone would do Pinkie's dance at a rave.:D
hes tryink to kick the invisible goblin
My man!
and it'll never end
EVER
FUCK YOU IM KI
no no SPiderman
Quick_Thinker: Why?
you don't KICK the goblins
you know what a great combo is? Deadpool and Pinkie Pie
fuck you im.... just fuck you!
you GIGGLE at them
WHAT DID I JUST SAY
Everypony here needs a themesong. XD
How are you, CCCP?
I SAID KI
and AGAIN
oh shit, not again
BUCK THIS
wheeeeeeeeeee
How did the jailbreaking of your phone cause you to lose all your media?
That Pinkie face
... kickbots
lol Buck you i do what i want XD
/me spins some more
FlutterMEDIC: The fourth wall will never be the same.
:D
hey that's another kick for otakon
fuck if i know kand
and this is the theme tonight...apparently
I love that Pinkie look
got disconeccted from net.. i had to change my name... is this bad n stuff?
:kickcount otakon
otakon: otakon has been kicked 11 times
/me gets dizzy :P
:kickcount otakon
twilight_sprinkle: otakon has been kicked 11 times
still only 11 tiems
Sumica: do you have a local file of ponyspin?
o.o
still 11 times
times DAMN YOU FINGERS
Oh geeze
AWWW YEEAAAHHHH
O.O
luna
/me grooves to Luna
House?
Did another Ponychat server die?
DR HOUSE IS IN DA HOUSE
dat house
What the hell?
?
ITS HOUSE
wat :D
Yes.
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL
NEED MORE WUBS
House enjoys dubstep
:D
What was the original song called?
FUCKING GODDAMN FUCKING KICKBOTS
derp
this isn't dubstep....
:D
Sumica: name of video?
nice way of use of sound
/me hugs otakon
Anyone know what that Luna song was called?
ALADIN
whats this?
ALADDIN
wait, the opening song from Aladin!
00,10dr house likes ponies
JAFAR
:o
tnx
Aladdin*
this music
PLZ GUYS TELL ME THE NAM E OF THE SONG :)?
my favourite childhood movie
huh never thought i'd see that
AGRABAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiight
Aladin!
brony90: mine was Toy Story
Arabian Night!
Quick_Thinker: Calm down, take it easy.
Forgottencrow "Aladdin - Arabian Nights"
haider
and mine was The For and The HOund
I liked the tv serie
i said agrabah
shesh
that anime
THIS
CCCP sposibo drug if you understand russian my friend :)
Nichijou!
i don't remember any movies i watched as a kid ._.
Suddenly Nichijou
/me bobs his head
what anime reference is this?
Nichijou
Forgottencrow i actually dont lol ironic i know
pinkijou
OohShiny: it's a very random skit style anime
Haha
basard cccp xD
what is this?
and the english song isn't too bad either
/me is attacked by buffers
I just leave this open in a tab and try to ignore it, but you never cease to surprise me.
Forgottencrow: youre russian?
Avenger: you cannot ignore Bronystate forever
/me Mind is forever fucked up
Yesi am my friend :)
man this is creative must say
Oh yes I can, I have 30 million words of fanfictions to read
headbobs
THIS VIDEO
lol
fillies!
I forgot, what is this music called?
too much buffers
lol Sybsey
Forgottencrow: heh, i speak russian too
Dem fillies
Derpy!
It's on the tip of my tongue.
D'aaaaaaawwwwwwww
TAVI!
so much cuteness aaaannnnnhhg
I love this music
diabeetus <3
this sounds like shit from NiGHTS
/me bobs his head again
*dies from cuteness levels*
them ships
what is love, baby dont hurt me
not ships
twilight_sprinkle russian or you just know it ?
You DARE bring fillies to my lair?! :[
just pairings
vinyl scratch and octavia XD
Appledash
Yeah, I think this is from NiGHTS
Twilight Pie
Rarishy
Sumica: What's this video called again?
I could chill to this.
NOT SHIPPINGS
Forgottencrow: its my first, but im not
DERPY
some help me *dies to exposure of cuteness*
Lyrabon
00,10filly ponies
just pairings for Celestia's sake
OMG...
AJIsAwesome: i know :P
DerpyTop
twilight_sprinkle okay
So cute <3
Sumica: Thanks
VINYL AND OCTAVIA
Octascartch
no more shipping!
hey guys, brony90 told me that Fluttershy's Cutie Mark came from this girl from Toy Story: http://i172.photobucket.com/albums/w8/SalmonPink/Toy-Story_0718AA.jpg
SO MANY SHIPPING
*insert otakon ship here*
So many heads, so many necks. No bodies
thx for credit :D
OH GOD
I miss shipping otakon
too much flashy ness
Dr. Adorable
FlutterMEDIC: Hannah? I don't think so.
DR ADORABLE
otakon: the shirt
look at her t-shirt
dat Dr. Horrible
/me mind is fucked up beyond repair
FlutterMEDIC: I know, but that wasn't it
DAT SONGG....WHAT IS IT CALLED!?
derpy
bouncing heads
too much shipping
birds singing im going to die man brids hate me :l
ah, Doogie
brony90, Brand new day
you are amazing
fluttershy ihas best raps
brony90: "Brand New Day"
Dr. Horrible's sing alon blog
otakon: talk with brony90 about that, he just told me
Hai Otakon!
/me ships otakon to next year's bronycon in a plane
Gonna Show That Horse?
you see what i did there?
When I hand her the keys to a shiny new Equestria
not clever 4thwall
Shipping a human in a planr
/me wishes he could go to a bronycon
the lyrics remind me of dear prudence from the beatles
*plane
Au-Australia?
you gonna die
is bronycon this month?
Quick_Thinker: bronycon was months ago
I would love to see Dr Horrible's sing along blog streamed in here
i want to go to a bronycon... but im from germany...so
so much cake
celestia wants cake
well this is newer
I WANT IT
this :D
/me eats the chocolate cake
/me wnts a chocolate -shake-
brony90: same
/me mind is somehow repairing
brony90: get yourself a visa and save 1000 bucks for it
that's my peice
I want it!
brony90: i want to go to a bronycon but i'm braziliam so...
i saw this 2 days ago -.(\
Wait, there's a Twilight/Celestia version of this? :D
I WANT THAT CAKE
ugh MrPoniator version....
Nope, I wanna shake :3
brb guys need to take the dog out
wat the fuc
i want a brownie more
i do believe we'regetting near gangam, i s should start sharpening my knives
/me is making mac and cheese
/me mind is at 78%
I WANT THAT CAKE
TAADAHH.
hahahahah TADAA
mind is at 0 % fucks given
twilight_sprinkle, sharpen your PAUSE BUTTON instead!
...
the uc
House
Whats a...Gangnam?
Kandarihu: if i sharpen it, itll be worse at pausing
My mind: `BOOOOOOOMMM
HOUSE
dont ask
lol
/me mind is back to 100%
awesome
Dr. Horse
:DD
lol
:d
i didnt expect that :D
House has a OC?
twilight_sprinkle, whatever. No need to be violent about the stream when something you don't like comes up.
/me 400%
WOOOOO
Derploader XD
50 % fucks are given npw
This is so epic!
:D
dat 8-bit
/me dances with derpy
DAT MATTHEW PATEL THEME
Hey guys, did the lottery results come in?
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOL
yeah MEGAMAN i think
this is awesooome
Kawaii_icybeauti: Yes.
Quick_thinker it's not
fuck
hey everypony
AJIsAwesome: What were the results?
Kandarihu: aw but its fun
:O
Scott Pilgrim
dat Scott Pilgram music
Derpy...nice swag you got there
Sumica: Kawaii_icybeauti wants to know what the lottery results were.
hai Pearly
Unless you're concerned about the effects that the video might have on the rest of us, you might as well just go away.
6_9
so much 8-bit
yaaaay
wee
has anyone had any success with selling art on ponysquare?
oh scott pilgrim speaking of that im writing a crossover with the CMC but im in writers block for it right now
dafuq
hey thelonepony
00,10[1:33:40 PM] Sumica: The_Browncoat with Batman 1989
.-.
00,10Cameh Dude with starshiptroopers
00,10derp star with boast busters
00,10Cypresswolf with fall weather friends
I despise this song
silent hill
.-.
Kandarihu: imnot even going to comlain about it, just kiill the stream repeadedly
/me mind back to 78%
silent hill2 i guess
Sumica, oh it's REALLY Starshiptrooper?
Kandarihu: *repeatedly
/me mind explodes
Thanks Sumica
/me has no idea what song this is.
NOT FIM LIVE RUNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
For free!
Free keys? want that
I thought you rerolled for movie B
AJIsAwesome: You dont need to know
twilight_sprinkle, does that mean starting it up again just to pause it again?
/me hugs Sumica
okay i'll come with twi
AJIsAwesome: Yeah, it's actually great you don't know it
Kandarihu: no youll see
a shirt?
BEATNIT RARITY
/me mind is dead
this video....I don't like it
*Beatnik :S
ENAGE THE EPILEPTIC SEIZURES
Okay, the new Doctor Who episode was fantastic.
This song is really really repetitive
Repetitive
PONY: How was it?
Polydunami: Today's music...
so much buffers
You're not going to do something that the FBI might have to know about, will you?
Polydunami: Modern music for you there.
Really repetitive
AJIsAwesome, clever, simply clever.
so much colors! o-O
Polydunami: not as repetitiveas gangam. i like tis song a bit, cause it least its in minor
songs bad but i love the effects in this
too much buffers
yeah no this PMV is bad
There are literally 3 notes being played the entire song.
/me Hates music from 2006-2013
This is so trippy....
very good use of the effectts and other things
so any music after 2012 you like
cheap effects that don't blend, lazy editing, and overall bad execution
The song is pretty much more about the lyrics, than the melody
twilight_sprinkle: Yeah i've givin up, i only listen to classic stuff
this is what music has devolved to, imagine in the next 10 years
well there are less known songs that are good
ded?
what about tombstones music?
everyday I'm buffering
Polydunami: The future my friend, music will have COMPLETELY changed
pony_2958: Its called DUBSTEP.
Does anyone know when electroswing first originated?
dat quality...
Kawaii_icybeauti: Its a shame
I hope that's a good thing
unless the next MJ decides to make some crazy shit music be damned
Flashy
nothing fits well with others
Dubstep? Oh you me farting transformers :$
Cypresswolf: listen to songs from LMFAO you;ll get where im coming from
Hmm
mean*
RAAAAAAAAH
WOOOW
WARRRRRRRRRR
oh dear
OSHIT
twilight_sprinkle: Seriously, he said that?:S
OH YESSSSS
Love this
Kawaii_icybeauti: AWW YEAH
oh fuck
lolwut?
LOOOL
HIDE
:D
Excuse me; I mean "WAAAAAAAAAAAAR"
This is so well made
MINIGUN! RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUN!
THIS VIDEO IS OLD BUT GOLD
video name?
Golden Oldie
<3/ 10
Kawaii_icybeauti: I saw some footage of that, it looked really good
Buffalo attack!
AJIsAwesome: ikr? this was me during the entire conversation http://forum.3ice.hu/download/file.php?id=523
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIT
a global warming tour... sounds really boring
/me waits
shit
also there's still good music out there but hard to find like a needle in a haystack.
whats this videos name?
dat smile
Shiiit.
SO HAPPY
lol
I LIKE KORN'S NEW STUFF -runs and hides-
TROLLUNA
and then twi abuse <.<
Kawaii_icybeauti: Thats awesome, i havnt gone to a single bronycon, i've only gone to 3 comic cons
SUDENNLY RDIBP!! :P
YES... sum portal stuff
It's all a matter of taste.
WOOT portals
thinking with portals XD
OWCH
LOOOOOL
im wondering if an actual portal gun can be possible
Note to self: Never give Pinkie a Portal Gun.
hey everyone
Kandarihu: actually logically there is better music and worse, depending on complexity
rdibp hi
plant vs zombies!
hi rdibp
dat PvZ
PVZ
Quick_Thinker: It would have to abuse space and time.
who cares
Kandarihu: complexity and other factors
i want my damn portals
Kawaii_icybeauti: What is this wintercon?
How did the portal gun fit in there....
twi :'(
lol
drops the portal gun into the mail. 6_9
ow
xDD
Aw, Twilight........:(
this should be interesting
poor twilight
dat sims
the sims
wee
:D
jurasic park?
:o
are these all portal shorts?
Quick_Thinker, it's a matter of creating a stable wormhole in space with whatever is needed, then portablizing the technology and figuring out how to make it work within an atmosphere.
-implying they have lightbulbs-
that loz
so in other words kand your a buzz kill
dang it sumica now your making me go play portal dude dag nab it
Ponies know nothing about ladders?
oh god the sims nostalgia
how many ponies does it take to srew in a lightbulb
DAT 4th WALL BREAK
that early fanimation
twilight_sprinkle, I understand. And yet some might consider overly complicated music to be "overproduced"
really good animation
still looks pretty good
whee
Thinking with portals
otakon whats your dogs name?
lol
JACK POT!
......bad idea
squee
:3 I'll bet Equestrian light bulbs are just as evil as their hospitals drinking glasses
uh oh
LAUNCH
CCCP: Bosslady
otakon :3
lol
AWAY SHE GOES!
lol
Woona
SPACE!
AJ eyes XD
THE MOON
hiya luna!
thats one way to get back to the moon
SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE!
HUZZAH!
Oh my.........
dis ones good
This one
amazing
These videos are awesome
DAT SMK 7 REMIX
oh I love this one, especially the ending
it would not do it that far it would go to termal velocity which is thought to get you about 10000m up
where can you see those videos
Wait, SUPER Mario Kart Seven? :O
THINKING WITH PORTALS!
o.o
THAT
IS
GOLD!
Rainbow Dash + Propusion Gel = Casual Sonic Rainbooming
:D
RUNNING RAINBOOM
ow
poor Twi
that 4th wall break
RAINBOW ROAD
allthought with RD she just said fuck termal velcoity
poor twi
ouch
/me is hurt by twilight sparkle
I feel bad for twi
TOUCHDOWN
why is sh doing this when she can fly
Kandarihu: if the complexity is harmonic, then its not overproduced
OohShiny: We all do.
time for deh bill
OohShiny: feel bad for me!
scary sims music
Quick_Thinker, the thrill?
:(
Portal is expensive :O
thats the #1 question
BARRELS
I touch myself at night while reading clop.
154000 bits
damn
dun dun dunn
CAKE
YES
terraria?
The cake is a lie
Avenger: thanks for sharing that
THE CAKE!
Avenger, that's nice
OohShiny: Portal 2
you're welcome
ah buck
Music is from Portal 2
THE CAKE IS A LIE!!!
lolnope.avi
dat Adventure Cube and Chloe ponies
Cave Johnson pony!
lol
cave johnson pony ftw
cave jhonson as a pony all my yeses
Cave Ponson
2 best sisters play
poor Luna
Fly, Luna!
TIA STOP CHEATING
FACEPLANT
42
lol
CUBE
the cake is a lie
luna is pissed
She should've flown.
dat companion cube
lol
squee
REVENGE
....oh crap
oh my
co-op in a nutshell
fuck
chat derped
LOL
ded
:d
lol
twiiiiii :'(
boing
love cave johnson
lol
Oh, his cutie mark is a shower curtain... with a lamp
I love it
and poor Twi
lol
poor twi D=
I LOVE THIS ONE.....
I LOVE THESE!
i see turret
theres a storm here too
a'wwww turret
kand its because he orignal sold shower curtains
Dat turret
SPACE
squee
best turret ever
squee
He was such a bro ;-;
I like that turret
HOLY SHIT HOW MANY ANIMATIONS OF THIS ARE THERE
little turrent is cute
Wow. The turret vs Fluttershy. Who's cuter?
9001
This is ptobably the only one that has a happy ending.
poor FS
*probably*
this one is cute
Fluttershy by a landslide Kandarihu
damn, she's fast
amazing for a fan animation
agreed
nothing beats the picture-perfect animation tho..
Hi, everypony...
how did that work?
but hell most of the fan animation is amazing
Knighty animates
awwww
and when was this even made?
hiy The-Real-Fluttershy welcome
and people praise BronyDanceParty
well he renders
:(
how is she getting the portals in the right places?
:'(
The-Real-Fluttershy: Hello!
proper timing
another portal
picture-perfect animation ruined it for a lot of animators, now everyone will have to try and match that animation
dawwwwwwwwww
and they're there
awwww
green one DAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWww
COMMENCE THE D'AAAAAAWWWWWWWWWW
:)
happy ending
best one yet
twilight_sprinkle, which is good
oh no
:|
not good
OH COMEONE ITS NOT DONE
what is this?
brb
DAN VS FIM
'-'
Pinkie Pie strikes!
inb4 Pinkie car
twilight_sprinkle, since it'll make them imrpove on their art and animation
ARRRRRRRRTTTTTT!!!!
:D
Intranetwork crossover
FLUFFYMIXER
i want my car to be pinkie pied
lol
WHAT WAS IN THE GLOVE CONPARTMENT!
sammich
pinkie eating meat?
PINKIIE PIEEEEE
Samich
i want my life to be pinkie pied
sandvich
CrimsonPhoenix: maybe, but not all of them might be as talented or have the time to do it so well, especially if theyre doing a series
actually i want my car to be twilight sparkled
OohShiny: maybe vegitarian
is there going to be a stream of dan vs on here soon?
:D
Fluttershied for me
:(
lol
Crossover FiM with ALL the HUB originals!
BWAHAAA
Dan is just stupid
hi Link
XD
that zelda
yaaay
xDDDD
WOO
HEY LISTNA
link
Yaaay
why do we like the character Dan when hes a douche?
lol
LISTEN
Oh, this one!
HEY
twilight_sprinkle, as talented I can't say have the time maybe
HEY WATCH OUT LISTEN!
hi Apple link
LOL
DAMN YOU NAVI!
:D
VIDEO NAME.....NOW xDDD
Navi .... rage.... rising
SHADDUP!
but that cannot prevent them from progressing little by little
Seriously, I never found Navi annoying..........
navi is not as bad as say the megamen tutoruals
HEY LISTEN
Navi isn't NEARLY as... vocal... as here :P
Hey Listen
THERE'S A SIMPLE EXPLANATION
MY HEAD
Really want to play OoT badly right now
IT HURTS
NOSTALGIA NIGHTMARES
Hey Hey listen
pls the video name
inb4 headphones
lol
This is how everypony else viewed Navi. I just regarded her voice as a sound effect and tuned her out
YOU GOT A TRIFORCE
i love that FiW song, especially the lyrics
00,10the legend of navi pie
:O
RUNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
thank you
ZUUL MOTHERFUCKER ZUUL!
Run LInk..... err I mean Applejack!
HIGH
FASTER!
Run Applelink!
When you're rife with devastation
DAMMIT FASTER!
Kandarihu: Same here. I never found her annoying.
HEY
there's a simple explanation
clever use of link few sound effects
If Navi were REALLY that vocal, I'd find her annoying too.
Navi has such a wide vocabularity
you're a toymakers creation
trapped inside a Crystal Ball
Game Over
and whichever way he tilts it
no phonix
lol
know that we must be resilent
so dont let hem break out spirit
Whats up.
LISTEN!
As we sing this silly song
when I was a little filly
Pinkie Woodpecker at the background
Yay brony heaven
a galloping glaze overtook my city
i love the sound of my name being pinged
i love brony heavan
so they shipped me off to the orphanage
through
Rarity is jelly
This tune is so catchy
when you bungled all your bangles and your loved ones have been managled
so I dug one thousand holes and cut a hole with orphan foals
I'd DDR to this
Which Admin has the green maned pony?
dem wrong orders
She only interrupted the gameplay a few times at first for the sake of tutorials.
Needs an extended remix, though
TheMonstaMuffin: Sumica
Yay...
FlutterMEDIC Aha, thx :)
wow..2 am?! i dont want to go to bbed... i want more ponies:D
brony90, you hae anything tomorrow?
brony90: Sleep is for the weak.
Reminds me of the strangest possibly creepiest thing ever when Applejack says "Soup's on, everypony!"
DERPYMAIL!
Dat VIDEO!!!
DERPMAIL!
daww
Kandarihu, might have been true, but those parts you tend to remember after a long time... Specially when it's rubbed on your face years after.
I LOVE IT
WE!(mostly she means her, but it sounds better)
I love this
Almost never
that derpmail
DIABEETUS
I dont always send letters, but when I do, It's with Derpy Mail
DIABEETUS
bubblegum AND muffins
my doctor told me i shouldnt use derpymail :(
Oh yes. This video.
This Spy Aria
Oh god no
I finally got my game I ordered :D
this day Spyria
this is gonna be awesome
It's all part of the experience. The tutorial included.
xD
This hurts my ears
Magnificent
but I like it
oh shiiit
Uh...
bye SlurryMoon|Away
:d
little?
magnificent
03 mhm, I'll be back
press the mute....it sounds so weird.
yay source filmaker
video name?!
This is epic
I was LITTLE
eating PIE
Spy is literally a changeling
my SUIT
My ears!
You know what? This Day Aria has grown on me. I didn't like it at first, but now I don't mind it.
in ANY pie
gay spy?
Kandarihu, but Smile is still best song?
brony90: no, he's marrying Scouts mom
so what happens when it cadences turn
save the gay?
ah i see
this day aria is best song
Im laughin my arse off
....nope not pony at all..... just TF2 >_>
brony90, he's trying to marry the Scout's mother.
Over this, I'm listening to the war on kids interview.
sex with her each day
care and love and sex her each day
dat singing spy
ahh... scouts mom is making sense :D
undone rocks
oooooooooooo
twilight_sprinkle, I could care less about the dress
scouts mother
lol
Ah, Scouts Mother!
VIDEO NAME xDD PLS
I'll be there very soon!
dta pyro
Scouts mother again :D
This Spy Aria
lol
lol disguise
Spy being spy
CrimsonPhoenix: and i could care less about the grammar nazis.
But Scout's mother is dead :S
mine ALL mine
That spy is a spy
lol
dis again
twilight_sprinkle, gasp
Hi everypony
dat AJ remix
Oh hey, Blast Corps!
Fiw
Spy is best Spy
huh
MY LEG!
but still smile is beyond better than this day aria
Buy some apples
OH MY LEG!
AWWW
Everypony hates spike
RIW
DAT VIDEO!!!!
Hi CrazyHippie!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D:D
FIW*
oh we're watching this?!? YEAAAAHHHHH!!
HI CCCP
dat witchcraft
/me hugs Kawaii_icybeauti
Perfect ending would have been spy yelling "That Spy is a SPY!"
yay fiw!
oh it's that not so good FiW episode
brb again
k otakon
i love friendship is witchcraft
I saw this premire at bronycon...so many memories..
:D
/me snuggles twilight_sprinkle
Raincloud!!
RAINCLOUD
Lol
Buy some strawberries!
RAINCLOUD IS BEST PONY
/me hugs and nomz CCCP ^_^
best line in the series with Murdock
ohhhh
ohhhhh
You dont say
yay
I've seen enough hentai.jpg
:D
the music helps me forget!
0,14that sad feeling when I only caught the tail end of this >.>
/me never played laser tag
OohShiny: aww
SaxyPretender!
0,14oh hai
00,10sup SaxyPretender
ipod nanos
Most abridged series are of anime that got heavily censored English dubs. This is one of the only episodes of FiM that received any censorship at all. I expect to see a FiW version of Party of One, the other episode to be censored.
Orphanage song
Saxy: you still cool to join rainbow squadron?
i love the pinkies gypsy song <3
Why is BonBon there??????????
0,14back in college, so no time =/
:(
Kandarihu: what was censored in party of one?
I'm going to sing it when it comes.
STFU MAYOR!
when youre rife with devastation, theres a simple explanation, youre a toy makers creation, in a crystal ball. funny how i remember those lyrics and not the mlp songs
dont get distracted... how is that a pun?
Nigeria Price owns Pinkie money...not best idea
trapped inside a crystal ball*
dis track ed
00,10dis track, as in traintracks
dawwww... raincloud
Poor raincloud
GO AWAY, RAINCLOUD!
Quick_Thinker: don't get dis-track-ted.
Poor Raincloud
NullRadix, on Treehouse TV, words like "loser" and everything to it's effect were changed to something else.
awww
:'(
poor raincloud...:(
lets sing when the song comes...
;__; raincloud
poor poor raincloud
nah
ah shit
THE NANO IS A LIE!
:'( raincloud
i cant read
kidnapped into slavery :D
NOOOOOOOOOOO!
How could Applejack abandon them!
-facepalm-
SHIT JUST GOT REAL
lawl
whats a nano?
rain cloud is dumb -_- it will re-evaporate...its invincible...
The Hub
noggen
lol
Friendship is Witchcraft?
oh
TEAM FAT
Klumzeedragon: yes
FAT LOL
FAT SQUAD
who is singing with me when the gypsy song comes
Wewt!
train
MUGEN DENSHA
that is one long train
Best train evar
brony90: I might... :3
OMG FUEL COSTS?
long train is the best pony
damn, that's a big train
How many hours until Giga stream? 1hour?
she has been reading too much fan fiction
infinente train
lol
Brony90: For sure I will. :P
Hey guys, I'm back! And oh look, it's the worst FiW episode
(\
And yay tf2 works like a charm. :P I suck though.
derp
lol
MadSurge, I won't say worse
MadSurge: that's not how you spell best
dat 5 seconds
:)
but it's definitely not the better
also im just going to say this now since the person who won the SMITE beta key DIDNT USE THE KEY i'll be giving it away yet again
otakon, it's definitely not the best
Whiplash
CrimsonPhoenix: well no but it does have it's funny bits
Whip...Lash
dat sexy voice
dat manestyle
otakon, that's why I say it ain't the worst
Sexy terrorist :D
Hi, everypony.....
kaboom
That bomb voyage.
I like one of the songs that will be in s3
Dat latin
Latin! shes learning by the minute
then again those bomb pun are pretty cool
Metal gear solid ground zeroes!
Pearly, stop right there
idiots
IDIOTS
Bakas
song time?
WOO
Darf14: B A K A
Gypsy Bard is best FiW song.
YES..SONG TIME....
wamp wamp wamp
We have our permits
SING IT
....*facehoof*
WOOO
oh, they only have two.. I was reading up... nothing ws said..
shake shake shake
Devastation! Crystal Bard!
SING IT
was*
CREATION
SAD ONE INcOMING!
song time
Applejack is only honest in FiW
BEST SONG
RESILIET
I love this
<3
FILLY
best song
the lyrics and tune is so great
best song ever
twilight_sprinkle: eeyup
:D
I love the extended version
fuck it im going to get dentention for playing this in the caffeteria BUT FUCK IT THESE KIDS HAVE TO HEAR THIS IM UNPLUGGING MY HEADPHONES
I need that song
whats this song called?
I like the Pinkie's Brew better
extended version?
otakon: THEY MADE THAT?!
Love that song
there's an extended version and I don't know about it?
never knew there was an extended, gotta check that out later
Quick_Thinker: good luck I suggest the extended version
NullRadix: yes
hold on I'll find it
Pinkies brew is kinda similar
pipenton, is that the one-eyed kid from the luna ep?
dejavu
if i suddenly go offline im caught and probely am in HUGE trouble
twilight_sprinkle, yes
unrainbow
twilight_sprinkle: newt pipington
OMG, IT LOOPS!
umm
ah k
bonjour
CrimsonPhoenix, nothing was said about it, was just looking for the lyrics for the other songs
LOOP
It's looping more
Time is damaged, get the doctor
dat conciquence.
XD
what song is this?
FATmobile!
FAT Mobile
to the fat mobile
sorry for this... this is too awesome http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ixvsV-ahI0
2pegasus power transport vechicle
lol
No vid links
i know
brony90, no vid links no matter what
it's The Gypsy bard extended you foals!
CLICK IT AND FAV
pippington promise
-totally has extended version on my mp3 player-
Rarity catch me!
The only vid that doesn't break the rule is welcome wagon on new people.
I love that scene so mcuh
there is no official extended version though
lol
BUY SOME APPLES!
PINKIE PROMISE ILL NEVER MAKE A VIDLINK AGAIN` ...
yet
Hell2000: no but this is close enough
Wolrd longest train
damn you murdock!
lol
....
eat the ticking thing!
lol xD
Why couldn't she just leave the bomb....
Self Destruction....in Equestria?
i hate the ending of this
I have to admit, that is the best nano ever
Aircrafter: she couldn't remove it from the pack without it blowing
apple thing
>_>
00,10it's like AJ is the only one not stupid
dat Iron Giant music
otakon: Why couldn't she just take off the packs...
hello everypony :)
..... damn you dense rainbowdash!
Sumica: well not AS stuipd
NOT RAINCLOUD!
RAINCLOUD NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Aircrafter: it would go off
of course
dawww raincloud!!
:(
Raincloud nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RAINCLOUD NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
nuuuuuuuu
NO RAINCLOUD :'(
boom
T_T
RAINCLUD NOOOOOOO
NOOOO
:'(
RainCloud NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!:'(
wait, Iron Giant music. MY CHILDHOOD
NOOOOO
;__;
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
RIP
:'(
RAINCLOUD DIED YAY
DAMN YOU
:'(
otakon: Then how come its not going off when she doesn't have them on?
AWWWWW .. Dont cry.. dont... ;_____;;
thank you Raincloud
need a change of lines
YOU BLEW IT UP
All salute raincloud, for he is our hero
this is so much better than that end scene in batman: tdkr
and that's the highlight of the episode
IT JUST HIT ME! THIS IS THE SCENE FROM THE IRON GIANT!
HI EVERYPONY!
Aircrafter: bc the timer triggered when she left
Never forget.
suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuupeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeermaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan
hiya The-Real-Pinkie-Pie
mood swing
huh
Apple Jack is cute :3
You blew it up you maniacs! Dam you! Dam you all to Hell!!!
iron giant
otakon: AHH MY BRAINNNN
loved tha movie
I PROGRAMMED THE BOMB THEN SOLD IT TO WHIPLASH
YES, the spotlight stealer cloud died!
Rainclould was best pony.
sometimes its just better to know noothing at all :D
ooo, this is good
Dat 8-bit
i love friendship is witchcraft
Faithful Farmer :)
Yay!
o.o
Shweet
funny thing, someone made a flash game out of this
jack!jack!
AND JAB, JAB
this looks like a game
jack o.O
(off)
/me trots around the room
ultra combo!
Wii Sports: Pony Edition
OohShiny: its a parody of a minigame
OohShiny: it's based on Rhythm Heaven
isn't this part of the rythm is magicthing?
the original one is from Rhythm Heaven Fever
its a mini game from Rhythm Heaven
ah! ah! ah!
Rhythm is Magic
She has awesome balance :)
OohShiny: when SuperBrony64 is around, tell him he needs to show you Rhythm Heaven
next: Peckish Pony 2
STOOPID RD
lol
YAY :D
~yay~
or Foal in One, which is good as well
YAY !
STOOPID sounds legit
IVE PLAYED THIS GAME
0,14awww yeah
0,14this
Rarity is best golf player
What a great way to use gems
oh oh oh!
Oh, oh!
now I want to play Rhythm Heaven again
Wa. Ha. HAAAA!
Hello
0,14WA-HA-HA!
Hello iBrony227!
Golfonaire!
wa ha ha
that timing
i could watch this for hours somhow
Just a quick Question. I'm looking for a streamer for the new Doctor Who is there one around
haxxor
oh shit
LAUNCH
phew
Uh guys, I don't know if I'm the only one, but when I go on YouTube, the YouTube logo that's usually at the top left side of the page is gone.
