Barbossa is fighting like 4 people while performing a marriage.
:D
lol
you may kiss while fighting
0,14they make a hell of a couple
He's that good.
BEST
MARRIAGE
JUST KISS.
EVER
SO MUCH ACTION
Admiral_Otakon: you can say that again
STOP COCK BLOCKING YOU PIRATE scums, sheesh why they do it?
and lag
Kiss, dammit
Admiral_otakon it was not a prequel...it was a sequel
Just Kiss!!
YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
2nd best wedding
lol
xD
Yay!
OK.............I didn't see much of this movie......can anypony tell me how Sparrow came back to life????' The stupid buffer made me miss the leverage part
dem kiss
:D :D :D :D :D
inb4 ded
Can you say, "Best wedding ever"?
i like ponies ?DD
Franek12354: nah Best wedding
:D
Happy ending- movie over
XD
Awwwwl
2ND BEST WEDDING <--------
awwww :)
HAS GAINED PLUS 500 BADASS POINTS
The right to a stream without buffering, suspended.
so NOW the movie decides to buffer for me :/
AdmiralSaxy: Too bad she's also got a crush on Jack.
epic kiss
lol
Love is in bloom! :D
Nice shot Troy!
Dat monkey
dun dun dun
I always cry at weddings
MIDGET CANNON GO!
ARGH!
now for the reception, more fighting!
;Glad we had that comic relief in the middle of a battle for their lives where dozens of their comrades have been murdered.
Streamfreeze.
GET EM WEE MA
....did he just snipe that dude with a blunderbuss?
Pew pew
MAN*
xD
Admiral_Otakon, Dwarf Cannon
It seems to be just me, kinda annoying. :P
Darf14: Honeymoon, more fighting
goddammit I keep getting lag
gah buffers
CriticKitten, he's THAT awesome
Me too...
Oh. Okay, it's NOT just me then. :P
I have buffers and lag, nooo
Trolld
OK......answer my question when the movie is over..........
THERE CAN BE ONLY ONE!
Lasharus: I have the best pic for that, from something that legit happened to me.
HAHA
http://tinypic.com/r/wc1gmu/6
lol
Haha
OH SHIT
every day i'm bufferin'
Oh THAT key... I thought you meant my housekey...
buffers and lag here too ._.
U mad, Bill Nye?
how's it going, folks?
Dat eel.
Bronies will prevail!
I'D GIVE MY RIGHT HAND......TO GET IT BACK
Oh deary, deay me FirstMateMaidkim... :p
Mast locked.
seriously, the movie cannot figure out its damn tone. You want to be all goofy with a bit of action? Don't start your movie off with a 10 year old dancing the hempen jig.
That eel only wants a kiss
I buffer bad... :(
omg
same
Lasharus: I laughed for ten minutes while my stream was stuck like that.
dat buffer
Ditto
FFS
hello buffer
Yeah, heavy lag now. :(
11,01Buffer?
dat moment
is it already movie night time?
Lasharus: you too?
HEllo
FUCK
BUFFERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
Lots of lag :(
EAT MY COLD BLADE OF FREEDOM
buffer, buffer everywhere
Save the chest... kill the Sparrow... but how..
RAWRity: this tone is called "hollywood"
so it's everyone know?
o.o
now
"Oy, My pistol!"
Bonk!
oy my pisto!
looks like it admiral
goddamn spelling errors
Dat aim.
BONK!
oymypisto
WAT
SHOT!
Jack is best character ever
CONCH MAN
It seems to be buffering for everyone at different times. For me, it happened during the wedding.
lol
It will be my next dish!
like a boss
Conchman is down!
bonk
So much lag
Fail grip
OIMYPISTO!
so it's mips
Dat guy
lovely
NOO
+80 EXP
twilight_sprinkle: hollywood means a lot of things. It does not mean "Make fart jokes in the same movie where you murder a child in cold blood."
/me boards enemie ship
otakick again? XD
UNDEAD MONKEY GO!
Monkay business!
I still have that pic stuck up my sleeve for the next person to complain about buffer.
XD
go monkey!
Monkey!!
MYAAA
/me follows Striker
Buffering......
FFS
Go Monkey GO!
Buffer!
okay for some reason rejoin popup did not work
NO!
FUCK
monkey cannon is best cannon
MONKEYYYYYY
Call PETA! :O
11,01Flaming monkey.
Okay that was good.
Buffeeeeer
NOT FUNNY GUY nr 3!
Who stops to inspect a sword in the middle of a fight?
he ded
Damn
Captain_Dark92Enigma Jack was sent to Davy Jones' Locker instead of dying and the others went there and saved them
wow....
and buffered
dat sword
my fucking god stop buffering ffs.
Meanwhile: A dead one
Incendiary Monkey
OH GOD
Buffer? Are we complaining about buffer again? http://tinypic.com/r/wc1gmu/6
all we need is a Bass cannon and Fluttershy going nuts and this movue experience is complete
egoraptor and protonjon made thier own gaming youtube channel
I AM YOUR FATHA
Bootstrap is off the deep end.
twilight_sprinkle: more like it's a film that needed an editor and one more rewrite.
and then Bootstrap killed his own son
i hate when my schwartz gets twisted
Lol!
11,01FirstMateMaidkim: Wut?
FirstMaid_Cratorkid: when did THAT happen?
HER EIT
THE MUSIC
Admiral_Otakon HAPPY END!
laggz
oh wait..
Dat sword.
fail sword
No. that be f ending
Captain_Maid_Discord: Hilariously, that actually happened one time.
nice run
lol
Round we go.
FirstMate_JESmith67: Thank you bro.......that fucking buffer made me miss the ''leverage'' meme
Half a sword
FirstMateMaidkim: O.o
hax
noclip 1
AH.
Captain_Maid_Discord: I dont even know :D
AH!
Captain_Maid_Discord: RAWRity instructed me to make a memepic out of it.
omg
MY PEGLEG
"Oh, wait, i can do this"
Aaah1
AHHHH!!!
so much buffers
SPNK
:D
FirstMateMaidkim: when did THAT happen
they finally died!
LAG
11,01What episode is that?
Now i got some lag... but oh well
ABANDON SHIP
Dark_Horst: a few nights ago
All the lag
Dark_Horst: Last BMN, iirc...
so yeah it's official
Eat wood, davy!
Captain_Maid_Discord: it's from a YTPMV
Captain_Maid_Discord: I think it was second pony ep, last BMN.
PinkiePieSwear is back
Captain_Maid_Discord: not sure which one.
FirstMateMaidkim: epsisode?
Merci
Freezeframe
inb4 Pintel and Raggetti meet there other selves
Ew :D
tentacle thief
dat key
Pinkiepieswear is BACK?!?!?!!?
YOU ALL FIGHT LIKE DAIRY FARMERS!
Dark_Horst: Whichever one we showed second.
Cutie Pox
Tyler_The_Creator: Waaat really???
Im lagging all over the place
Dat tentacle.... IS A LIZARD'S TAIL!!!!
LilB: that soft touch
CURSE YOU BUFFER
Imagine that, Kiera can't fight.
RAWRity: Actually it wasn't, it was during a pony episode.
BUFFERR
goddamn buffer
Someone said PinkiePieSwear is back.
Maybe it was stupid to make her the Pirate King.
Miss
Wretch-a
THIS IS FOR BREAKING MY PEGLEG*STABS A BRIT AND KILLS A FISH MAN*
haha
xD
NO
BUFFER
CriticKitten: she was fighting fine earlier, Davy is just touch is all
Tyler_The_Creator, I did
NOT NOW
Oh hey, LITTERAL backtab
Dat pwn
is he???
i dont reemebr which episodes showed last movienight
/me chops Captain_Striker's head off. "Shush you."
*backstab
I'm a heartless bastard
Victory screech!
Love
I goy my first buffer
goddamn buffer
FirstMateMaidkim: I was there when it was MADE. It's froma YTPMV that had Twilight synced with princess clara singing "What is this Thing in my Mouth"
BONDA
11,01Our last eps were The Last Roundup and I forget.
Bond-a!
Bond DA
LAGGGGGG
Captain_Maid_Discord: it's. not. from. an. episode.
do u
Well do you, punk?
Lov e-.... heph heph heph heph heph
sevurred
Aw sheeyut
hes doomed
well, do ya punk?
RAWRity: Oh. Well then, okay. Can't blame me, my stream was broken beyond repair.
PINKIE PIE SWEAR IS BACK. VICTORY SCREECH
gasp
Oh the Irony
damnit. buffers spoiling the movie -.-
ded
Buffer!
ouch
ded
oh come on:[
11,01And he was just married, too.
newletter is still up, lickily. second epsiode was cutie pox
Dat twist...
Wow.....
hes good
NOOOO they had just gotten marrid!
Ow.
Lag in THIS moment?
Jack, Y did you stall?!?!
dat laugh
He'll be fine.
Swann's a widow now.
Walk it off.
It's just a flesh wound.
Just a flesh wound
Its only a flesh wound
that was the sword he made
stay with me rofl.
Bootstrap MAAAAAAD.
Video keeps freezing
Captain_Maid_Discord: Married, AND 2 days from retirement
That's a nice sword
BOOTSTRAP!
Navigator_Vordox: Worst job evar
Buffer
Hey, that marriage was about as long as most hollywood engagements, so kudos to them.
So much buffer!
Judge-ment-ah
Blargh :(
FirstMateMaidkim: lol
buffer in every 10 seconds flat
This is fast becoming unwatchable. :(
why does it never lag when fuck all is happening
buffers EVERYWHERE
:(
ded
/me stabs the heart
GF
MUSIC
"Weeee"
cya
"So... cold"
"Right in her gina"
COMON!:[
he is as dead as the stream
99999999 Damage
OMG
Okay... TECHNICALLY Jack is still the one who killed Davy Jones. He should be the new captn
he stabbed the heart? i lagged
Just saying.
and into the sea he goes
they didn't die?
It outright buffered for me again.
/me the Dutchman must have a Captain...
So much LAG
Barbetos: enope it was Will's hand that did it
and then Photo Finish showed up: http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m8gqwkjHW41qc5ffho1_500.png
Of what?
i have NO IDEA what just happened... cuz it skipped
11,01Two ships swirling down the drain.
But for the sake of the plot the curse is retarded.
I've missed a little over half of this by this point Dark_Horst :(
Barbetos: Nope, that's logic talking
I just see a slide show here
Part of the ship, part of the crew.
Nooo D:
then buffer
Captain_Maid_Discord: Well that ship didn't last long
RAWRity: My, I thought she was older than that.
part of the ship, part of the crew
Captain_Maid_Discord: *rimshot* Get it??
dat madness mantra
Everypony......i've been demoted
FirstMateMaidkim: it's the accent.
part of the ship part of the crew
Part of the ship, part of the crew...
part of the ship
Part of the ship, part of the crew
Why?
o_o
JAck the MOnkey go!
Arthas is the new captain
DAMNIT BUFFER
THE MONKEY LIVES
ouch
buffer buffer everywhere , right when it gets good too
is there anyone not buffering a lot?
Monkey Survived. GOOD ENDINg
Why did they need to rip his heart out exactly?
Hm?
Critickitten Cause it's something that is godlike; it's a supernatural thingie
Quick_Thinker: Tecnically...It's dead :P
That is one durable Monkey
well the monkey can't die anyway
Why it must lag SO MUCH at this moment?
Burp
Barbetos: to replace Davy Jones'
Suddenly WORST EVER lag
The last guy wasn't doing his job, so obviously they don't need it for that.
That was AWESOME
the monkey is undead
Barbetos to replace the octoguys heart
Slide show now. :P
tell me this buffering wont happen on Last Crusade
Ok, here's a cool thing to think about: What if Davy Jones destroyed his own heart, what would happen?
dat parachute
Widowed in 10 minutes flat :D
Stream is a bit laggy tonight
Probably the only time I'd prefer to see them making out. They were even married after all.
Dat monkey :O
I don't get people with buffer
:O:O:O:O:O
I don't get buffering
Guncolt_Sommuchpony I think he couldn't do it
Also, what happened to the entirety of the REST of the navy btw=
Barbetos: Someone has to captain the ship so whoever's hand is on the weapon that kills the current Davy Jones heart, the person who killd is the new Davy Jones
Guncolt_somuchpony: Presumably, the script would collapse in on itself.
?
Oh, there we go.
All this complaining about the buffer. I thought I already posted my rebuke to suck whining.
The Endeavor
dat tradition
Belay!
/me 11,01belays
INCOMING AWESOME SCENE
http://cheezburger.com/6481912832 Captain_Maid_Discord
Crimson_Phoenix: Maybe because YOU don't get buffering
oo lags gone
STOP SLIDESHOWING
Ladies and gentlemans, brace yourselves
._:
Shut it
/me braces
still lag :'(
1 down, hundreds to go, this is going to be a long movie
Bronysith: LOL
oops spoke too soon
blame mips
OH COME ON:[
WHAT A DUECH
CaptainGanjalf, that's right, I don't get buffer but how come?
no it isn't
good bussines
Loook at all those guns
inb4 good buissness your ass
.....overkill much
....that's a lot of cannons.
ChartmanFan: You can say that again
4 rows of cannons... holy damn
WHAT A DUECH
So, as it turns out, all those other ships that the pirates and navy have? TOTALLY SUPERFLUOUS! :D
ALL THEM CANNONS
GRARGH!
Regen health
/me 11,01smacks Bronysith
Pft.
good old manowar
Makes things to easy
all of my buffer
RAWRity: Return of the Jedi syndrome.
I'll re-watch this bloody thing later.
that buffer!
the dutchman awakens
All buffer
again :) ong from beginning
Turns out the fate of Piracy in the world comes down to a fight between 3 ships.
"Aaaah. She buffered"
Crimson_Phoenix: Luck? Good internet connection? mips loves you?
Dem not-fishpeople.
OMG that one ship from Super Mare-io 64 :O
/me is now captain of the Dutchman
we can try to buffer
Not gross. Yay.
:o
CriticKitten: Your diagnosis is faulty. One of the symptoms is missing, i.e. Ewoks.
i liked the old captain more
Suddenly sexy Will Turner
^
Aaand no image
buffer
Only 2 dots
WHAT A TWEEEEEEEST
._.
charge the cannons!!
/me wants his own ship
So they ask Will, this is your second chance at life, why not reimagine yourself?
Why doesnt will have tentacles and stuff?
WHY BUFFER NOW
Oh, of course. A Disney Death
So, for how many has the stream become almost completely unwatchable?
Frozen image for me Navigator_Vordox
what browser are u all using?
no
FirstMateMaidkim: No, they're not missing. They're just hiding.
Firefox
ORders? Get fucked!
Here comes Disney death
HE SALTY
WHY
Maxthon
Chrome
/me fires.
/me is probably going to name it The Marauder or something
Ready to Fire!
and.... FIRE!!!!!!
FIRE
SIR
TIME TO KILL MORE EVIL BRITS
BRACE FOR IMPACT, EVERYONE
HE SALTY AS FUUUUUCK
Oh! I saw this in an episode of One Piece!
Malmortius: jones just had tentactles because he didnt do his job
FIREEEE
I WASTED 1 hour and 20 minutes for THESE SCENES AND NOW YOU FUCK UP MIPS!?
FIREEEEE!!!
it'S not the browser. it worked until half an hour ago
FIIIIIREEEE
Oh stuff this. I'm going to bed, I can't watch this.
fire
Fire
FIRE
owned
inb4 One of the best scenes in movie... ruined by buffer:|
FIREE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
FIRE
FIREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
FIYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
LAG LGAGLAGLAGLAG
HE JUST LOST THAT MONEY MATCH LIKE A SALTY MOFO
FIRRRREEEE THE BUFFEERRR CANNONSSSSSSSS
/me fires all the cannons
Later, ya brits.
What was his job ninja?
AND NONE OF THE CANNONS HITS THE SHIP ON THE OTHER SIDE?
BASS CANNON!
FIYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
didnt they have an entire armada?
Yeah
This scene. is BAD
ASS
Perma buffer now for me...
damn the fired so hard that it made if buffer
Abandon Ship! :O
And Michael Bay came
its just, good buisness
at this point, they should just fire anyways without the captain's orders
the Endeavour is... Devaoured...
:D
11,01Yep. MAFIAA.
He gives up too easily
The Bronies are triumphant.
Why would he break down there?
welcome too your grave lol
You betray a pirate, you get shot. Less KArma and more common sense
how did they end up in this position? i thought they had an entire armada
R.I.P. Demonoid ;-;
Well tht's certainly an ENDeavor, hh?
well wish them the best of luck in their future endovers
I wonder how many times the the Pearl and the Dutchman hit each other through this.
Take THAT, SOPA!
Why not just, oh I dunno. get off the boat and hurrt back to the armada
twilight_sprinkle: The armada is still holding back
seriously he didnt even try to open fire
awesome scene
This movie is full ofepic deaths
dat slowmo
That slo mo :O
man, he must be great at dodgeball
dat slow mo
FUCK
buffer
NO BUFFERING
he must really LOVE that ship
You mean dat buffer.
Such a awesome death scene for...a character we barely knew
Fucking neos father.
Dat luck
All dat buffer
screencap
name of the part ??
like REALLY LOVE IT
Really, any illogic in this scene is pardoned by that one death.
Hes trying to make his death the best ever
Meanwhile: Not sure but apparently the Dutchman and Black Pearl "repair" themselves somehow
Und dann everything goes to shit.
And none of the splinters hit him. Fuck all that dude is lucky.
and everything shatters behind him - Fricken love that
EXPLOSIOOON
epic slow mo
twilight_sprinkle: I suppose they're waiting for orders
I mean, okay, technically it enhances the slomo, I suppose, but... no.
WHy such an awesome death scene for this guy?!
twilight_sprinkle: Nope, sorry, the Rebels have won. They captured the Dutchman and killed the Beckett. I'm afraid the entire British Empire has lost.
boom
BEST
dead
DEATH
EVER
nice
Deadlypon3, because HE was the Big Bad
Why would the do that.
UGH
we won!
CriticKitten: so THAT'S why the pirates would have survived!
VICTORY!
I am gona stop thinking about this
1 ship goes down so they flee WAHT
Load bearing villain
Best death scene meets worst buffer:(
CriticKitten: It's like the last Star Wars movie all over again.
Just enjoy the movie.
Against the Flying Dutchman, there is no victory
I told you. Return of the Jedi syndrome.
for celestia, we wonnn
Its Star wars Episode 6 all over again
Well that's a stupid ending, i have to admit
00,10they took out the deathstar, the rebals win
Suddenly pirates.
Never realised how stupid it was
this defies so much of the British Navys history
well that was lame
And then there's this bunch of assholes who did nothing useful at all.
> Take out Emperor + Deathstar > Entire Empire still remains
I'm sort of unable to Barbetos. I'll download this blighted thing later and re-watch it.
Cypresswolf: except for, you know, how they just beat the Flying Dutchman like 10 minutes ago.
Lolwut
Other captains didn't do shit
They took out the Emperor and the Death Star, movie over. Nevermind the entire fleet of battleships outnumbering them 10 to 1.
It was an AWESOME ENDING
I request Pony Throne room scene now... :O :O :O
Sumica: the rebels dont win in EP 4
French priates LOL
YEAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
cept in the books the empire is still out there just not as powerful without a leader or large ammount of money
"We did good... a i nothing" - every other pirate
Summons a whole army of pirates, only use one ship
CriticKitten: why are you telling me that? i agree it doesnt make sense
/me throws her hat in the air
That didn't make any freaking sense, he didn't do anything, and the armada would have still attacked
RAWRity: :P you spoiler
Now go and get it.
Jack's dad gives zero fucks
So where were those other ships the whole time, just sitting there while the Pearl did all the work?
The bronies have won.
Jack is already drunk
Ninja-Fou_Lou: Episode 6 they blow up a second one.
/me cheers anyway
:D
Empire still went on, even reclaimed the galaxy in 100 years
that hat
Lol :D
horray
troll
lol
for equestria!
0,14Battlefield Earth prompted the Leverage meme
/me throws hat in the air
Mr Gibs is the best first mate ever
olol
0,14but that was before I was here
twilight_sprinkle: Was answering your question. :P
Hello Phase4
I remember that movie. Enjoyably hammy, stupidly illogical.
Man, Demonoid. That WAS messed up how that happened
CriticKitten: o ok :P
/me yawn
FirstMateMaidkim: EP6 the emperor was killed. That destroyed the Empire
00,02ohai
So that's a pretty old meme.
hai Phase4!
Ohi Phase4
hai Phase4
I actually missed that one. Tbh.
Ninja-Fou_Lou: And there was a second Death Star involved.
how you doing Phase4
It destoryed the Emperor, thats all
<3
"I know I wanted freedom, but I've decided that I have Stockholm Syndrome and I want to stay now."
Phase4, I owe you a bit of an explanation of what happened last night.
FirstMateMaidkim: and also something called a Sun Crusher
Ninja-Fou_Lou: Besides, as we have elaborated, killing the Emperor does not destroy the Empire.
the Empire consided of millons of worlds
00,02alexxm, i'm good
RAWRity: Wasn't that in the Expanded Universe?
00,02Kandarihu|MaidsMop, ?
FirstMateMaidkim: why not?
hiya Phase4
dat Phase4
FirstMateMaidkim: yup. Also had the Galaxy Gun
GODDAMN YOU BUFFER BE GONE!
The first two decades will be fine
Beckett mustve been so greedy he was the only one above the rank of ordinary soldier
WHERES BAD HORSE
00,02ohai Admiral_Otakon
Why can't she come?
But after that she will totally be.... ugh
So... ugly
and then.........pregnancy.
and the Rebels didnt do that great once they became the republic, nearly died every other year
there we go
/me glomps Phase4
brb guys
Can't she just resign from the Pirate King job and, like, sign up on his crew?
FirstMateMaidkim: it makes the rebellion a hell of a lot easier
00,02RAWRity, does the galaxy gun fire galaxys?
And Will... well will be not old.
When I got off of Magicka, it's because my mom had to take up her laptop. My old computer that cannot run Magicka was up, so I got onto IRC on that machine.
/me 00,02hugs Bronysith back
Ninja-Fou_Lou: Infrastructure, chain of command, they're all still there.
Phase4: it DESTROYS galaxies
poppet
11,01I think pirates of the old days were, in ways, like internet pirates of today.
lags a bit :|
00,02close enough
Ninja-Fou_Lou: If anything, it would make the rebellion harder; they're now even more of a target.
Thrawn was all the Empire needed to take control back
11,01Fighting against greedy companies.
For now on, this film series shall be known as: "Sea Wars"
Jack is now GAY!
Captain_Maid_Discord, no they weren't. They were bad news.
=_(\
RAWRity: Bullshit weapon. Whoever wrote that story was crazy.
RAWRity: She carried the child, she gave birth....she can't explain what happened.
and bankrupting indie companies
I like that there ae 8 pirate lords with hundrets of ships, yet Jack and Barbossa have to share this one ship XD
Captain_Maid_Discord: and surfing the vast oceans of the internet
Oh MAAIIIIII
lol
Kiss a woman, and gets killed for it, put the gay right into him it did.
Buffering.
Really.
dat leg
Oh damn
Honey moon time
Oh my~
Remember that when you download simpsons, Simpsons costs 750 000 dollars for each episode, and is the life and bread of families
oh mai
i'd buy that for a dollar
mica
dem legs
No I'm being honest now, why can't she come?
O MY
FirstMateMaidkim: not really. Its a dictature. if you cut of the dictator youll end up most of the time destroying the whole thing. Opressed Empire citizent would start to rebell.
Totally for kids
someones got a foot fetish
Shut up will
RustyMeat, Sumica isn't streaming :P
DOn't ruin it
AND THEN nothing sexual happened
She came buffers
GET IT ON!
RIGHT IN THE INNOCENCE
eat dem feet
dammitt
you know, disney
Malmortius: not quite, but you have to find his heart and stab it just like they did for Davy jones
whoaaaaaaaaaaaa.........
WHILE SHE IS STILL HOT!!
das rtight
11,01Yeah. There is the difference that respectable internet pirates don't kill or anything.
There's no good reason given for why she can't just join his crew.
EAT THEM
twilight_sprinkle: but he has to ferry the dead for 10 years before he can see his wife and child
disney everybody
eat em up like butta on bread
Ninja-Fou_Lou: Except it wasn't a dictatorship. The emperor didn't control everything; he just had rights to interfere whenever he chose.
CriticKitten: i think you have to be undead for that, maybe she wants to be alive
Hey baby. Keep my creepy heart
I'm rating this movie 1 hour and 20 minutes of fine/20 minutes of full time buffer when climaxing out of Mips.
Okay?
Aww <3
Captain_Maid_Discord: they compensate for the lack of murder with intense entitlement issues.
D'aaaaaaaaaw
Will, thats not as romanic as you'd think.
heres my heart
now hes going to try a long distance relationship
daaawwww
Ninja-Fou_Lou: Direct other complaints towards CriticKitten; he can explain better.
11,01Put it back in your chest, will.
and keep it away from the kids... thy will be weirded out
the Empire factured but yet they regained control when they finally chose a new Emperor
:$
Whatever. You know part of her was like "Box with a beating heart in it. GROSS!!"
inb4 she sells it on ebay
Captain_Maid_Discord: true- like downloading a brand new companie's game is not as "ok" as downloading.. Harmony 10 or Photoshop Pro
dat is so romantic. in a gross kind of way
within two years, she forgot about her willie and decided to marry a strong douchbag named Rudolph
The fuck was that point in that?
11,01RAWRity: Some do.
it would be nicer if he had a tentacle face
because the retarded audiance would eat this shit up
Commodore_Dark92Enig: It's like Van Gogh to the extreme
WILL, WHAT DO YOUR PIRATE EYES SEE?
So beautiful :')
Eh, i admit this ending sucks ass, i completely forgot it was so bad and so filled with plot-holes
why doesnt she just go with him?
he cant stay on land but she can go to sea...
:'(
so is she undead now too?
DAMNIT CAPTIAN, THE STREAM NEEDS LESS BUFFERS
nope
wtf
meanwhile: Back in Ponyville...
11,01Not many are a fan of pirates out to steal.
anyone here play blockland?
Malmortius: The Elf eyes meme is not that bad actually.
LOL
lol
/me at port...
Wrek: You gotta check up dat streaming stuff.
That dingy
lol
They're disappointed by the size of his...ship.
Come to think of it, the Emperor's death meaning the end of the empire, it makes sense. The Galactic Empire was a Galactic Republic before Palpatine dissolved the Senate, and it probably became a Galactic Republic again after Palpatine died.
And... gone
lol
FFFFFFFFFF-
lol
Here we go again
Kandarihu|MaidsMop: Not quite...expanded universe explains it better.
I can't see a thing thanks to the buffer............something about foot fetish, a treasure chest........WHAT?
that joke :D
Why is the ru-ship gone?
Dat drunk.
and the film ends on another betrayal
They want to take a "ride"/
Bear!
dat teddy bear
Kandarihu|MaidsMop: they fight against the empire continued in the books, i dont know if it became a republic immediately
I bet it is bigger up close
dar Bear
On his "ship"
lol
You don't say
You dont say!
NOOOOOOO
Palpatine intended to live forever, he didnt expect to have it surivive without him
FirstMateMaidkim, darn the Expanded Universe, then. But okay
Fail
you don't say
0,14wench fight!
6
Perma buffer, so... What's happening?
YOU THIINK
^
dat lies
:D
gah lag
<- all of the buffer in the world is here
slap
Honest Jack is honest
Savvy?
and then, they went on to make a 4th movie that nobody gave a shit about.
Triple slap
He likes it
Brofist.
*slap*
Dem pirates
Also hi.
Such a romantic notion.
RAWRity: I actually like the fourth.
RAWRity, and an AWESOME LEGO GAME
0,14BROFIST
Pirate Brofist
BROFIST
/me slaps everyone
sea turtles
dat pickup line
Didn't see much of the movie, therefore i don't deserve being your Captain nor your Commodore............
Brofist, and then proceeds to steal his girls.
Sea turtles
darn lagskip
RAWRity: It's better than this one, really.
/3
Navigator_magmablock: Never fails
Peanut!
*writes down pickup line*
The fourth was fun because it was originally a good novel that had nothing to do with PotC.
what do they know of sea ponies?
Again.
/me slaps Captain_Striker
he loves that monkey doesn't he
LAWL
THOSE TWO IN THE BACK
:D
I HATE monkeys
It's the 2 FUNNY GUS!
RAWrity I actually liked the fourth one, though it wasn't as good as the 1st one
/me kills Captain_Michael
Fail.
Okay once again I ask
RAWRity: Plus, the fourth movie turns Barbossa into a BADASS
Omfg :D
CriticKitten: I'll admit, its writing was better, but I just honestly could not care about any of the characters. Their stories were DONE, and the 4th did nothing to flesh them out.
lol
Jack has it
gone
lol
Is the lag insufferable for anyone else?
xD
CriticKitten: *more of a*
otakon: of course not.
otakon: Me
dat stolen map.
he stole the good part
Theres a hole in the map
Jack SPAAAARRROOOW!
Dat Cannonball :P
0,14dat song
XD
Why he leave gibs behind?
FirstMateMaidkim: Point.
=(
otakon: "nic cage"
Michael you hack
sparreh!
HA
Jack is hooks father?
otakon: do you even need to ask that question at this point?
Hello Sequal Bait
Florida!
Really bad eggs.
Florida! Watch out for the bath salts
RAWRity: so that is a yes?
its in florida?
hack, nope.avi
So, is this a sequel hook?
FLORIDA?
otakon: Am I required to post my rebuttal pic?
Was cuba a country back then???
whyyyy
Jack, you magnificent bastard :D
dat steal
Drink up me hearties, YO HO!
the rum!
Rum! :D
xD!
Eulshy: eenope
Ruuum
I have actually been to the fountain of youth.
RUM!
RUM!!!
:D
Rum scanner activate
epci ending
epic music
It's better to go alone, that way no one gets in the way of your treasure. :P Arrrrgh!
/me drinks rum
I'm rating this movie 1 hour and 20 minutes of fine/20 minutes of full time buffer when climaxing out of Mips.
And away he goes in his 20 foot boat.
i very much doubt you can survive high seas in a dingy
awww its over :(
/me kills everyone
Eulshy: I think Cuba was a Spanish colony at the time. But I'm sure if it's not someone will correct me.
AWE#SOME MOVIE
Ninjas/10
THAT'S A GREAT PLAN JACK.
Are we watching the fourth one tomorrow ?
Heart/10
8/10
Calypso/10
otakon: why is this music so good?
/me kills Captain_Striker
Last chance to say this:
Darf14: theres still an Indy movie!
9.5/10
Rum/10
Pirates/Pirates
CabinBoy-Sid and it was the best tourist trap ever.
yeah 4th tomorrow
RAWRity, HE'S DRUNK, YE DON'T HAVE AN EXCUSE
whyistherumgone/10
That compass would be great for people who lose their keys
Nine pieces of 8/10
Rum/10, always
Why does everyone want to be captain/10
anything we can do to make sure it doesnt lag as bad on Last Crusade?
9/10
Ninja-Fou_Lou: it's jack. you will never get rd of him
i'm a mod of the some channel!
Can we watch "The Mummy" series next week? ;P
6/10 at least it looked cool
This movie's still enjoyable, but it should have been much better.
Ninja-Fou_Lou: Except if you're a GODDAMN Jack Sparrow
ME PEGLEG/10
6/10, terrible ending part, and so many plot-holes
8.8/10, the ending was weak
Darf14: are you the darf I think you arf?
: D : D : D : D : D : D : D
Meanwhile: Idk/10
Meanwhile, because why the fuck not/10
Brain Eating and Crabs/10
:D
wait the 4th tommorw man WE ABLE TO WATCH EVEN NEW MOVIES ON THIS STREAM THAT I HAVE NEVER SEEN KICK FLANK
Even the credits are lagging...
Hey ho, Captain Jack! Take me down to the railroad tracks! Put a pony in my hand! I'm gonna be your petting man!
Betrayls Everywhere/10
so many plot holes/10
huh what do you mean Vivix|Stuff
FOR EQUESTRIAAAA!!! /10
Dead Kraken/10
Drink me up hearties/10
sparreh!/10
goddamn lag/10
^
brb need a drink
/me shoots Captain_Michael
FOR PONY/Equastria
lol
Suspended/10
9.5/10. Some of the plot is confusing (like the double-reverse-quadruplecross in the middle), but the awesome setpieces, action, and Jack make it all worthwhile
Pirates drives chat to drink
Quick_Thinker: idk if mods will stream them. plus theyre kinda bad
SO are we watching the fourth one tomorrow ?
crabs/10
Darf14: Darf the author on Fimfiction? No?
I really did sleep through too much of this /10
Buffer:|/10
Quick_Thinker: Wait are we actually watching the fourth movies tomorrow?
/me is shooted, but is not effective
right to vote in the lottery suspended
/me swabs the chat deck.... :|
True Pirates Buffer/10
GIVE IT TO WREK
Funny thing is I actually have one and a half bottles of rum!
o.O
And, finally: Crabs/10
oh no, sorry im not him Vivix|Stuff
Funnier thing is that I am not drinking it!
Aww, Oh well
Backstab/10
i assume we're doing Last Crusade next?
Wait..
I'm sober?
FUCK THAT!
10$/10€
and CAPTAIN Jack Sparrow/10
I'd say it's higher than that, RAWRity, but I tend to be overly generous when assigning numbers, so I avoid doing so.
Night everypony. Im not staying for Indie
LilB: i wonder how much that it
Night Ninja-Fou_Lou
LilB: *that is
ok ready for the next
good night Ninja-Fou_Lou ;)
RAWRity: That sounds about right, you should be a producer
/me uses whip on Captain_Michael
CriticKitten: fair enough. it's still an entertaining film, no doubt. But it has a lot of writing issues that stuck out to me.
crap. I need something to watch for the next 22 minutes.
Right to assign ridiculous and uninformative scores to movie streams...suspended.
LilB: like 6 i think
Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me.We pillage plunder, we rifle and loot.Drink up me 'earties, yo ho.We kidnap and ravage and don't give a hoot.Drink up me 'earties, yo ho.
LilB: that would be 8.09/10 ?
dat accordion
intermission time!!
Gnight everypony HF with indie :)
Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me.We extort and pilfer, we filch and sack.Drink up me 'earties, yo ho.Maraud and embezzle and even highjack.Drink up me 'earties, yo ho.
Last Crusade next. I have two things to say to that. 1) Very excited; 2) YESSSSS THIS STREAM NEEDS ALL THE CONNERY.
LilB: dollar is 0.09 to euro now?
ALL RIGHTS THAT WERE PREVIOUSLY SUSPENDED / REINSTATED!
LilB: (misping
diddutz: dollar is 0.809 to euro now?
Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me.We kindle and char and in flame and ignite.Drink up me 'earties, yo ho.We burn up the city, we're really a fright.Drink up me 'earties, yo ho.
Right to reinstate rights...suspended.
13right to a fourth pirates film
13suspended
:<
Shizu
D:
Why
Last Crusade is best Indy movie
Shizuka: I'm okay with that.
Butbutbut Shizu ;_;
twilight_sprinkle according to pay pal the last time I paid 10$ it was 7.8€ i think its always around 8
twilight_sprinkle: at least google thinks so
We're beggars and blighters and ne'er do-well cads,Drink up me 'earties, yo ho.Aye, but we're loved by our mommies and dads,Drink up me 'earties, yo ho.Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me.
The fourth is actually pretty good. :(
diddutz: wow euro has dropped, last i remember it was about .6
FirstMateMaidkim, we could use some closure on this.
Last Crusade > Raiders
There. Been wanting to post the song
I'll stab whoever claims the fourth pirates movie is worth watching.
Shizuka: A little late for that suspention
what did i miss ? ;o
this would be my first time watching raiders so i'm hoping for a no lag
Meanwhile: I think you've already got a lot of targets here.
Meanwhile: It's worth watching.
/me has never seen the fourth movie
Time for the Last Crusade...... after the intermission
the fourth is alot better then the 3rd. Think this movie was the weakest of the pirate movies
/me stabs CriticKitten.
Actually, I found the 4th... okay :S
Am I correct in assuming tomorrow will be Stranger Tides and Crystal Skull?
Eh, it's just a flesh wound.
13Navigator_magmablock: nope
Aye that be true.
The right for Meanwhile to stab, expelled
13though i might show indy 4 with rifftrax
aight
I thought the 3rd one was tolerable and fun, but the 4th.... eh :S
4th pirates one was so boring
Besides, Barbossa is a badass in the fourth movie. That instantly makes it enjoyable to some degree.
I was just about to say that Shizuka
The right to suspend me, suspended.
CriticKitten: I haven't seen it either, so...nominated for A!
/me 13hangs meanwhile from his pants
What about the right to stay suspended by a rope?
13meanwhile, suspended
/me blinks.
FirstMateMaidkim: noo dont nominate it D:
Shizuka: I just expelled him
This'd hurt more if it was the first time this has happened.
4th pirates? ....... oh you mean the movie that helps me go to sleep
Shizu: Did you remember to put him in suspenders before suspending him?
SHIZU :D
13http://i.imgur.com/NpVeA.jpg
I......didn't see much of this movie......therefore, i don't deserve being called Captain or Commodore, for that matter.................all because of dinner, house chores and lagging
I think any movie with johnny depp is worth watching personally...
13riven huts
13suspended
Right to wear suspenders, suspended. Drop yer pants whoever's wearin' em
Them big block of names in the credits
Right to continue this meme after tonight, suspended.
Ha, Shizu didn't suspend ME!! :D
Because really, it's not likely to live.
/me cries knowing he'll never win the lottery.
Im still stunned that it takes so many people to make a movie
moo
Kt w
right to win the lottery, suspended.
InB4 stinger
GMail's acting wierd, so none of my votes are likely to get in anymore
It would be less people if they spend more time, but that would cost more
Dang, I just went to go get a bowl of Ice cream and the credits are still on?!?!?
>logs into bronystate watches the best part of the movie
Meanwhile: Right to be pessimistic, suspended.
FirstMateMaidkim: You haven't? Oh you really should. It's admittedly got its flaws, but it makes up for a lot of them with a generally enjoyable scene. And there's no Kiera trying to act at us by screaming at the camera.
CriticKitten: been meaning to ask, any opinion on them splitting the Hobbit into 3 films?
Agrold, only suspended for the mods
Right to make fifth pirate movie....
Darf14: cgi is pretty hard
FirstMateMaidkim: Ye' canna' do that!
Right of being captain.........suspended
oh guys Saturday is my B-Day ^_^
has the lotto page been sent this week?
/me throws random object at someone
lotto page?
not just CGI, but crew- gaffing- lines, makeup, set, maintenance- it adds up pretty fast
/me in the future.
lotto vote page
Stinger time
and thus she didn't age in 10 years :/
the future
RAWRity: On the one paw, I trust Jackson to know what he's doing. On the other, it feels like they're juicing it. I could see two very long movies, but not three very long movies.
But mods have the occassion Mod pick week. They must be allowed to enter the lottery.
She does not look a day older
pirates OF THE FUTURE
OH HAI SEQUEL BAIT
Its like the 10 years never happened!
Yeah I was about to ask about the survey. I haven't gotten by email yet. Have they even been sent out yet?
11,01Wait.
huh i guess this the treat people get for staying
10 years later.. doesn't look a day older..
Hey look, it's Anakin.
I SERIOUSLY NEED TO SEE THIS FULL MOVIE!!!!!!!!!
Come on movie
11,01When did they procreate?
its called make up
CriticKitten: I was hoping the Hobbit would be one movie. One of the reasons I love the Hobbit above the original series is, well, my ability to finish it.
It should have ended like this
yay
when didnt they Captain_Maid_Discord
Oh!
I know!
Ten years. Damn.
Captain_Maid_Discord: Their spirits mated when they were fighting together. CLEARLY.
She went to the fountain of youth too!
That............suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuucks :[
which doesnt really answer your question
Daddys Home! Time to teach you how to plunder villages :)
lol
The only part in LoTR I skipped was that elf place, read like a meeting report. I did not skip anything in FoE..
10 years
And we never see them again
CriticKitten: from what I've heard, the stuff that they're gonna be using for padding will be all the stuff Gandalf and Ratagast were doing to fight Sauron whie Bilbo was fucking around with the Dwarves.
>10 years
and then Nellson Navy killed them all
FirstMateMaidkim: I expected two movies, though. I figured it unlikely they'd fit that book neatly into one movie. But three seems to be stretching it fiercely.
>get back to wife
damn looks like it's asspirates of the carribean now
>have a child
>no sex
Did anyone get the newletter yet
Sad times
CriticKitten: Behold the power of moneys.
intermission.
/me hoists the colours and sails away
>child is only 8 years old
dari: Lizzy, you got some 'splainin to doooo.
lol
I KNEW IT!
Kay. Gona play some more skyrim!
ooh monty python
Wrek: Check that mips out :P
welp, brb in 19:43
seems legit diddutz
ThePoniFromTortuga nope
CriticKitten: so hey, that means more Ian McKellan, Sylvester McCoy, and Benedict Cumberbatch. I ain't gonna complain.
alexxm: Huh.
Helmsmaid_Tovler, maybe having more mod pick weeks would be nice, in exchange for them not entering the lottery. The lottery is where the viewers get to vote on movies.
intermission well time to check Fim Fic for reviews on my story
Ill see anything with benedict cumberbatch
gonna head to bed now. Seeyah all next night,
Und on that note, I need some chocolate.
I`m going to make scrambled eggs
Intermission time, gonna do stuff brb
brb, gonna take a leak
By the Bay <3 <3 <3
benedict cumberbatch = most british name ever
I'm gonna play Sim City, now thank you. :P
RAWRity: I don't want to complain, but I admit I have to worry about them running out of things to do and the movie being dragged down by slow pacing.
well, just add a few titles, and then it is...
This needs more views on YouTube.......and more railings <-------
does anyone else think that cadence is chewing gum? look at her jaw it kinda of looks like shes chewing on gum
and more pylons Indiana92Jones
CriticKitten: I still say they should make a Tom Bombadil movie
TALLY HO!
Tom Bombadil was crazy, msised that part in the movie-
I SAY!!
oh yeah, tom bombadil
I wonder what the hell he was, the way he handled the ring?
/me is away during Intermission
name fixed XD
Vivix|Stuff: Bombadil's either God, Tolkein's stand-in, or some combination of the two.
yees- Tolkiens OC, if you will
and... cue the electric guitar :P
I remember that Mod pick week. They crammed so many movies in together, that it started to happen during times when I couldn't watch.
BEES!
>..>
>.>*
OH GOD NOT THE BEEEES
Magic, sillies.
lol
and ill brb
I remember Mod Pick weekend. Everyone got pissed because they couldn't understand Black Rock Shooter
/me can't remember mod pick weekend
Love this intermission. XD
What is freindship
that's what I get for tkaing month long breaks from this place
RAWRity: Oi, I've heard of that anime. Isn't it supposed to be incomprehensible or somesuch?
Was it Black Rock Shooter the OVA or 8 episode anime?
Derpy's on line two?!?! But it's buffering :O
Helmsmaid_Tovler: OVA
11,01Stream still bumpy for everyone?
meow
Just a little, but it was only a few seconds ago
Captain_Maid_Discord: That's all right, I'm okay with this buffer :>
RAWRity: When in doubt, it's always a big ol' metaphor.
FirstMateMaidkim: nah, it's perfectly comprehensible, just not straight-forward enough for some folks here.
BRS the anime is amazing. I found the OVA kinda boring
CriticKitten: wasn't even that. People he got confused by non-inear storytelling.
RAWRity: Well, you'll get some like that in any crowd. Think I'll go take a look at it now.
Captain_Maid_Discord: Its good for now
0,14took a while to get the hang of it, but the BRS OVA was pretty good
Gondor is... dead... :O
Rememeber that if someone screams "WHAT THE FUCK" people will join for the comraderie, somehow
That's why people hate Twilight sooo muuuch
To be fair, I hate twilight because I actually read all 4 books. I have a basis for my hate, and actual experience to back it up.
True
I only saw the movies and went.. not horrible, not good
:);):D:P:$:O:|:S:[6_9:);):D:P:$:O:|:S:[6_9:);):D:P:$:O:|:S:[6_9:);):D:P:$:O:|:S:[6_9
Hey, just got in here, what's up next?
I hate Twilight cause have you read it?
Hey spammer >.>
I don't hate Twilight, I just hate what they did to Vampires
Dem spam
RAWRity: Oh right, I remember now. That thing that started at the end.
I don't hate that either- Dracula is more lame
but..dracula is FUNNY at least
RAWRity: And then ran multiple things concurrently.
"BLEEHH!"
I like mel brooks dracula...
dat spidey
I try to watch things before jumping on the hate bandwagon.
LOL at theintermission
well dracula was also back in the black n white silent movies era
It's funny- but you know, serious vampire? I have no idea where to go, because all the serious ones are so weird
Hiyo bronystate!
Wasn't.. BLADE a vampire movie?
yes
wouldnt it be thee?
I'm eating potato chips with mustard on them
he's a daywalker
CriticKitten: more or less. It ended at the middle, and the two plots we saw going on were the 2 halves of the plot spliced together. Sort of like the perpindicular answer to Memento
meh
I just... I didn't like that movie
as a kid that is, never seen it since
00,10Ok so short anouncment
00,10Many of you have already asked but this week there was no survay or news letter sent out
00,10It comes partly from not having much time to get people set up in order to make one in time.
00,10as many of you may know Kirz left and he handled the newsletter.
Man who's managing mod duties?
00,10That being said there is not much need for panice because we were not having a normal movie night next week any ways
Oh, so that's why there was no newsletter.
Apparently :o
00,10Next friday-sunday we are showing lord of the rings extended cut.
Isn't...Ghosties in charge, or something?
00,10One movie per day.
Or is it like a collective thing?
Oh lord
I think its collective :P
So that's why there's no movie lottery
Where was Gondor when WHERE WAS GONDOR was coming back next week?~
Where was Gondor when there isn't movie night next week and LotR movies shown, thus spawning Gondor jokes?
:(
kirz left
I wish I could pick The Secret of Kells for B Movie, but its too gorgeous and I'd hate to see it ruined with Lag/Low resolution.
Dat wall of text.
YESSSSSSSS.
Wait Sumi, no normal movie night means no pony episodes next week?
Lord of the Rings? sweet :D :D :D
RAWRity: ...Impressive.
Meanwhile: I beat you agaaaaaaaaaaaaaaain~
Extended cut. That's...three hours per movie, I think.
00,10might slip in some pony eps ^_^
RAWRity true, it wasn't a good book, but the community hate was spawned by popularity of the hate, not the poor state of hte book
We had a pony lottery last time LoTR night was done.
pony_501018: First off, who are you. And on my screen, no you didn't. :P
00,10seeing as i will probably be the one streaming them
The are many equally shitty books out there
stuff that's actually a judgment of quality, not "omg they made vampires wooses!" Vampire knight did that shit years beforehand.
Sumica: hell yeah ponies!
Yup.
Meanwhile: Gondor's right there, silly.
11,01Yes, I did just take over stream.
Last time it was glorious.
Meanwhile: And Yes I did beat you. It shows me first on my screen
AR! MUTINY BY Captain_Maid_Discord
And this time it will be additionally glorious.
How so?
I've never read a Twilight novel, but I attempted to watch one of the movies.
let your Godking take it over
Thank's for the Announcment Sumica
i have power
xD
RAWRity: Bloodrayne?
well im off bye everypony :)
Must be difficult at times to stream and entertain, so we appreciate everything you guys are doing
For a film supposedly involving vampires and werewolves, it was deadly dull.
At least the Vampire Knight fad die… was it ever a fad?
PillowPoni: Clearly we need a third party to confirm who was /actually/ first.
RAWRity: Can't forget Bloodrayne. :P
RAWRity: Erk, that anime...what I hear about it is not good.
cant we? CriticKitten
0,14More people
Meanwhile: So be it *shakes your hand*
No, I mean, glorious how?
Damn, my firefox just up and died
I just got in here, anypony know whats up next?
Because it'll be like a "look how far we have come" moment.
My point with Twilight as an example is that people tend to latch on to popular opinion more if they are negative
Helmsmaid_Tovler: I still know people obssessed with it. It disturbs me.
Besides, LotR is great.
Vampire Knight eh? Next time I get bored I think I'll take a looksee.
What else did Sumi say??
So, will the LotR trilogy be this upcoming weekend or the next one?
Reikim: it's a shlocky pile of poo. Basically it's the female answer to High School of the Dead.
Kandarihu: This week
After "1 movie every day"
Ooohkay.
00,10it might just kill me to do it but we have one more thing next week.
Phase4: You're good with Java?
Maybe some pony eps slipped in, because he'll be streaming.
CriticKitten: not really worth it. It's more boring than anything. Uness you're into barely concealed homoeroticism.
00,10JACKIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE, ONE MORE THING!
0,14XD
Sumica is best uncle.
lol
mmm,,,barely con wait no that sucks, it has to be real
fanfics are hilarious
I get that enogh hanging around people, RAWRity
00,10going to try and stream all 8 harry potters mon-thurs
!!
Oh my god.
RAWRity: Drat. Had hoped for something at least mildly entertaining in its suckiness.
Hm, It might be my 1 year Anniversary since I settled on the name Tovler.
wat
That's a crazy idea
Hmm.
Are we watching Jackie Chan adventures?
!
Sumica: *le gasp* YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
RAWRity: So, basically, the majority of anime geared to teenage girls.
oh god... could you image uncle in equestria?
O________O All eight?!!?!? You're crazy lol
All 8. Jesus.
all harry pothead movies ?
....wat
Sumica: you mad
Inb4 people get sick after Azkaban.
hehe
We're going to watch Radcliffe grow
Bad day Bad day Bad day!
CriticKitten: you want entertaining suckiness? Fushyugi Yuugi. It's like if Inuyasha was entertaining and somehow had a worse dub.
00,02Navigator_Vordox, not particuarly but i can work with it, why?
Next week?
noo- after Azkaban the movies get really ood
/me has exploded into a pile of happiness
Wow
11,01I don't think I can watch them all. My family is getting pissy (as always) about me being here so much.
All 8. Holy shit. I haven't even seen all 8.
Twilight is best pony. *name is DerpyWhooves*
I hope these won't have running times in excess of 2 hours, right?
Next week is Harry Potter week?
RAWRity: Butbut, Sesshoumaru. :(
:o
Phase4: I need help with designing a beat signal system based on 2 vectors that pulses to the time of beats in a song
:P
0,14next week is Harry Potter week, and then LOTR
I had some issues with the last one.
/me shrugs
00,10yes SaxyPretender
I read them all, but I've not really seen them.
With controlling variables based on current frames of animation within SWF
You're programing a bpm animation?
Well, ive never seen LotR, so that'll be fun.
Aww. I'd rather watch LoTR
Ah, yeah, I read them too.
Nuts., I'm going to be at work all next week
Morning
He's bring Sesshy back
Bloody hell.
Next week is going to be mind melting.
00,02Navigator_Vordox, wat?
So basically, next week is going to be pretty much lethal in terms of overall movie time
Wizard!
11,01If I have children, and they want to spend time on the computer, I'm going to let them as long as they're being productive.
Sumi, for the LotR stuff, what will the show times on Saturday and Sunday be? Will you play it on Saturday during normal Euro night time or move it to 7 EST?
Phase4: Pretty much that feel myself :P
CriticKitten: fuck seshhoumaru. We've got a transvestite that throws giant rocks and kills monsters.
That is so wizard.
>.>
The last HP movie had some pacing issues, in my opinion.
/me is bringing it back.
Und dann Meanwhile was Ron
So this upcoming weekend will be the regular BMN/EMN, and the weekend after THAT will be LotR?
11,01RAWRity: Wut?
Captain_Maid_Discord, productive like we're being right now?
Suikotsu?
is that really a phrase, CriticKitten
Captain_Maid_Discord: taking bout Fushyugi Yuugi
RAWRity: we talking about inuyasha?
00,10friday will be normal time for friday, sat and sunday will be euro time
does anyone remember derpy.in
I never read the last 2 books :(
cowvarkian: Weren't here when Star Wars Robot Chicken was streamed?
I forget the named of the band of seven
11,01RAWRity: Never heard of him.
Quick check: I'm not capable of spoiling Harry Potter for anyone here oh darn
Sumica: That for LotR?
*names*
11,01I work to entertain you and make you happy.
Captain_Maid_Discord: it's an anime. It's like if Inyasha were so bad its good instead of so bad it's boring as fuck.
I might have been, CriticKitten
I was probably asleep
Uh... what? :S
11,01I actually like Inyuyasha.
RAWRity: Oh, I've heard of that. Tried to read it. Got bored.
CriticKitten: When was Star Wars Robot Chicken streamed?!
This is going to cause problems. I was planning to show my mom Macross II next week. Monday through Saturday
RAWRity: you didnt care for inuyasha did you?
Bronysith: I did not.
Captain_Maid_Discord, I also enjoyed Inuyasha.
cowvarkian: In the prequels, Anakin and friends say "that's so wizard". In Robot Chicken, they make a Return of the Jedi joke in which Vader claims he's going to "bring wizard back".
oh yeah, I remember that
Ergo, I'm bringing it back.
Well
Do you mind?
11,01Inyuyasha was one of the animes that got me into anime. I hated anime before.
RAWRity: well i can understand that, not everyones cup of tea. but i liked it lol
0,14I remember a time when I tried to bring a word back
/me 's fav anime is Inuyasha :$
Besides the music, anyone else with headphones have static along with the sound output?
11,01I thought it was all DBZ.
0,14...it didn't go so well
Captain_Maid_Discord: i like inuyasha, kewl story
But I saw them on adult swim when they actually aired >.>
Discord: I actually liked Inuyasha too.
Isn't toot coming in a sec?
0,14except for one phrase people liked
11,01When I found the adult stuff, I started liking anime.
SaxyPretender: Which word, pray tell?
Mobile Fighter G gundam was what got me since it was the first anime i recognized
Tooot tooot tooot tooot tooot tooot tooot tooot tooot toooot tooot tooot tooot tooot tooot tooot toooot tooot tooot tooot tooot tooot tooot tooot tooot tooot tooot tooot tooot tooot tooot :D
was it porch monkey?
Go for it
Meanwhile dis wall of text :P TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTO
Discord: But I'll admit it's not great.
i knew it
The anime that got me into anime was Sailor Moon. TMK, the only anime I saw before that was Go Lion
>_>
Anyway, Meanwhile
0,14the word was poontang, Reikim
That spam! >.<
Toot
I know im not going to read the books :D no more time on my hands
...Weird.
I wish I knew who picked Speed Racer for A movie so I can hug him.
Anyway, Meanwhile
SaxyPretender: was it porch monkey?
/me hated Inuyasha a great deal.
I shal join the spam!: Toot.
11,01And when I say adult, I mean stuff aimed at adults, not hentai.
00,10yes Meanwhile, that is for lotr
0,14no, but it begins with p
Eh? Wha?
You know the part just after the Death Eaters break through the Hogwarts shield?
Wasn't inuyasha for girls anyway?
Sumica: Thanks.
So are the trilogy movie weeks wrapping up then? Is LotR going to be the finale to it?
Ill just say yes, Tovler
Basically after the main battle there
Tovler: wasn't MLP for girls anyway?
what film is next?
Ur...
Sumica: next week is LOTR?
RAWRity: Lol! :D
When did the book come out?
11,01I enjoyed Rozen Maiden, and that's supposedly for girls.
Inuyasha is considered by many to be "DBZ for girls", yes. :p
Dunno
Anyway
RAWRity: Damn ninja >.<
Ill just say yes, RAWRity
The movie had pacing issues thereabouts
best moments of itnermission
I forget which ;p
Because that'll be the year I read it.
I'd consider Inuyasha "Twilight for anime fans"
Captain_Maid_Discord: wat did you think of ouran high school host club?
Never watched DBZ, and loved watching Inuyasha x_x
After the initial conflict, everything else kind of felt low-key.
When I started anime, it was mostly stuff my brother was watching, like Slayers, Rozen Maiden, Trigun, and stuff like that
RAWRity: Gottem!
night guys
Like the battle should have been the climax.
i see a spear
I never got into anime- despite being heavily into japanese 90s music
But I dun care. It introduced Sesshoumaru, who is a badass, albeit a poorly written one.
You'll have to point this out to me on Thursday.
is it being shined by an argonian maid? Zamer
I don't blame Auron for FFX though, do I? No sir.
yAY BEST MOVIE INDIANA STYLE GO!
so I think,, of all places, BRONYstate would not be the place where I have to explain why something being for a certain demographic is an excuse for it sucking.
I enjoyed Nanoha and Madoka, and those were supposedly aimed at girls.
CriticKitten: um Auron was AWESOME
wat
CriticKitten: he's a bad ass until you put a bee hive near him.
Spoilers!
Moar Indy?
lol
indiana jones?
3rd one
Indy time!
If I'm here
Alrighty! Skip through the movie into the action scenes!!!!!
HELL YEAH BEST INDY MOVIE!
Reikim, both of those series are aimed at guys.
:P
otakon: Exactly. Even a bad piece of content can produce a sweet character.
Probably won't be.
no, its gurren laggen
anyone else hearing static on the stream?
Indiana Jones my fellow bronies
We join our movie already in progress
Nanoha, really?
11,01Inyuyasha didn't have fight scenes taking 5 episodes to finish or video-game like elements.
AHAHahahahaHAHAHAhahahaAHAHahahaha
BEST INDIANA JONES MOVIE EVER!!!
^
Reikim, Nanoha I don't think was actually aimed at girls
Kandarihu: Lies and Slander! The first season of Nanoha, at least, wasn't aimed at guys.
A prodominantly female cast =/= a female target audience. That's like saying that Touhou is for girls.
Meanwhile in the deserts of....somewheresville
Last Crusade is best Indy movie
evening everypony
but its an anime? isnt it? Captain_Maid_Discord
CriticKitten: honestly the voice acting was 50/50 but I liked FFX except for the goddamn infuriating sidequest to get the ultimate weapons
11,01It had a pretty good stor(ies)
Hello Squallken
'Ello Squallken
Dat rock formation :O
hello Squallken
dat arizona
This movie is such a gem.
or new mexico
/me Pours sugar over everypony
SEAN CONNERY YESSSSSS
IT
BEGINS
it all looks the same
Badash lishp
new name go
I love this movie :D
But seriously, if you think about it, Inuyasha is surprisingly similar to Twilight in regards to premise.
Best Indiana Jones movie
Well, I'll watch it.
ill brb
Captain_Maid_Discord: The only issue I had with Inuyasha was length. My God, the length. It took too long for me, personally, to wrap up plot threads. Mainly the love triangle. Kikyoh x Inuyasha x Kagome got old for me after a while.
opinions on temple of doom?
dismount!
Howrsies
You'll notice it.
We can discuss the pacing fail after I'm actually aware of said fail.
Reikim: The Final Act of Inuyasha is far more rapidly paced.
Flashback time
Applechip: Great movie, but weakest of the trilogy
There's a massive battle with the Death Eaters, and then this...lull.
but kagome never wishes to become a hanyou
Herman's horse sick?
Reikim, Nanoha was based on an H-Game series called Triangle Hearts, particularily a VERY action-based installment entitled Sweet Songs Forever. Lyrical Nanoha was based on an omake that was a LOT more cutesy than the Lyrical Nanoha we know EVER was.
Zamer: yes the anime was suck
Kagome = Bella. inuyasha= Edward, Koga=Jacob, Naraku=Volturi
okay now new name go
who here remembers the "Young Indiana Jones" series
I've only heard of it, myself
In the Lego Game the Caves with the Boy Scout was its own level
Ryunosuke: I do
Kandarihu: I still maintained it was aimed at girls initially. Or, was supposed to be. Then, I think, the writers decided "fuck that" and had fun with it.
Mouth breathing fat kid!
*1903.
Kandarihu, and then the spin off became more popular then the parent series
RAWRity did you just compare inuyasha to twilight?
cupcakes
Eulshy: I did.
in wich one he gets nuked in a fridge ?
/me Hangs self
This scene reminds me of a Western Billy Crystal film...
ACTING.
the cross of cortez
the ankuh from Spelunky
/me uses a defib to revive Eulshy
Rich I tells ya!
Considering that these are Japanese writers, deciding to have fun with it would typically mean the mood gets lighter.
Reikim, I don't think H-games are aimed at little girls
dat Indy
oh man, is this blazing saddles?
Midnight_Fyre: It was just too silly for me to get into it. Although i do like the scene where Indie slaps Short Round
11,01Vordox: City Slickers?
GabeMoist: But they can spawn shows aimed at them.
damn 1912?
4th.
oh coronado
Aka the one that doesn't exist.
GabeMoist: Nanoha was only tangentially related.
/me just noticed Daring Do in the corner
that was the year RDR took place
:o
/me licks Reikim s shins
I like this movie, but I don't think I'll go thought it, good night everyone
IT ALWAYS BELONGS IN A MUSEUM
Reikim: how do you enjoy bioshock so far?
Only a snake :D
It's only a snake...
Even as a kid, Indiana is a stuck up kid. xD
yes, he wasnt always afraid of snakes
Young Indie, says only a snake. Oh boy lol
everpony needs fedora in thier name
He was handsome as young
wait
YOINKK
wait, are we watching the young indiana part?
11,01He didn't care about snakes then?
>I'll think of something
its explained
>steals it
otakon: no, it belongs to the poor, no it belongs to god, no, it belongs to everyone
When did he become afraid of snakes?
>no escape plan
Bronysith: Sander Cohen is a sick, twisted ****. Pretty much my thoughts on it right now.
Dat fail :O
Dat WIN :D
Dat River Phoenix
also, to the person who mentioned Madoka, I think Madoka was meant as a deconstruction of the whole Magical Girl show archetype, right?
RUN INDY, RUN!
That guy's named Fedora BTW
sneak fail
Reikim: whos sander cohen again?
otakon: your statement http://i.imgur.com/aPvL6.jpg
good horse
11,01It's a rare artifact. It belongs in my colon.
:D
lol
troll
ow
"ow my shins"
lol
Trollhorse
And his wonder horse, Celestia...
RAWRity: Pretty much. But it masquerades as a kids' show. All the official art and that. I pity any poor girl who picks up the series thinking it's another fluffy Magical Girl show.
its a rare artifact it belongs in Spelunky
Wait doesn't Indiana adopt the leather coat and fedora look IIRC?
Reikim: but also, andrew ryan, whatcu think of andrew ryan?
This must be Red Dead Redmption
Dat troll horse... I bet it's Trixie...
dammit chat froze brb
otakon: Watch. :3
HEY DUDES
Bronysith: Sander Cohen is the artist dude in Fort Frolic.
yh chat is still frozen
B ROHOOF /)
goddammit
EVERYPONY PUT YOUR FEDORA ITS TIME FOR DARING DOOS
Reikim: oh god, him
hey, they stole this scene from the Last Roundup!
brb
that's one fast horse
DaringDoFan: If RDR had vechicles
never been a fan of indiana jones ._.
If you want to see what a Magical Girl series that's aimed at girls is like, look for the entries that don't have fighting in it. Ojamajo Doremi and the like, and ANY Magical Girl series that predates Sailor Moon.
he abandoned his horse! The bastard!
DaringDoFan: Wait it did, nevermind :P It had that one car
dem giraffes
SNAKES
snakes
Snakes on a TRAIN :O :O :O :O
D:
lol snakes
NOPE
Circus with snakes. Cool >.>
Why did it have to be snakes...?
And THAT's how he learned to fear Snakes.
Wow
ew
no, its alligators on a train
x.x
eew
THAST NOT DISGUSTING AT ALL
Tovler: it gets really deep, and really depressing, really fast. Then...well, I won't spoil.
Smart kid :P
well, that explains the fear of snakes.
thats where he gained his fear of snakes
so that made him fear snakes ...
<3
Bacstory
*that snake quote*
11,01And now he hates snakes.
and thus, the fear started
HE THEN GET A SCAR FROM A LION AND A WHIP NUFF SAID
Put the snake in the guy's face!
So that's where he got that phobia from
uh oh
Oshit
o.o
Promised myself I wouldn't watch this...promised that I'd finish my writing.........*sighs*
Honestly I haven't been into anime that much anymore. Last one I liked was Shin-Chan when it first came on but kind of lost interest in it because the later episodes lacked the charm I had with the ones from the first season
well I guess that explains his fear of snakes
Hey guys, guess what I just bought 5 minutes ago
Killer Rhino... :O
man, he wants to hurt a kid
oh mai
XD
Oh damn
....is that Samwise?
11,01Ow.
Tovler, if you start taking interest in Madoka, then you should hurry up and watch it before the spoilers find you.
lol
He has the weirdest boner
(And I'm talking about the FUNi dub of course)
HES ONLY A BOY SCOUT
JESmith71: you know the creator of Shin Chan passed away a while ago right?
that explains his fear of rhinos
0__0
Otakon sadly yes
this happens in real life
Tovler: What Kanda said. It's really worth it, I swear.
JESmith71: yh sucks
is this based on a true story?
shoot i did the epic stuff and i fail
even sounds like Indy
Dat way out of this.
What is the difference between a man and a parasite? A man builds. A parasite asks 'Where is my share?' A man creates. A parasite says, 'What will the neighbors think?' A man invents. A parasite says, 'Watch out, or you might tread on the toes of God... '
Lion?
and then Lion
At least this guy isn't trying to stab Indy
Aww Yeahh
He ded
Oh he get that scar
oh a kitty :)
Well, shit
HOly crap! LIONS
o.o
O_O
from the whip
WHIP
whats with the emo hair
SCAR
Fail
Und thats how he got his scar
If I can enjoy the Black Rock Shooter anime, I can enjoy Madoka.
nuff sadi
Pfft.
90s twilight_sprinkle
Bronysith: Love dat quote :D
lol
Reikim: I've promised myself that i'll actually sleep tonight..
Whip skills: 5
dat whip fail
GET IN THE CAR
he reminds me of the 1st evil ex
that explains his fear of lions
when was this movie made?
oh you dumbass
it was made in 2012
nuff said
Vivix: Early 90s
wait weren't they about to stab him?
Tovler: Also, ALSO, try out Nanoha if you haven't already. Best Magical Girl series ever.
Finally, those guys have a gun...
when did he get a fear of lions?
early 90's- yeah that would explain his hair
SNAKE! :O
90s had the best hair
lol
SNAKE?
IT BELONGS IN A MUSEUM
/me reminisces fondly about Nanoha
like a bawss nuff said
Magic!
11,01We need to stream 2012 this year.
^
Great movie
no offense, but this kid's not a very good actor.
The magic!
OMG GOOD IDEA
better than 2013 Sailor Moon?
oh my god so many running themes!
Magic? Welcome to the Frienship Express!
Magics
stream 2012 on december 21st
afk
Captain_Maid_Discord: Stream it on December 21st. Laugh.
that explains hatred of magic
Magik Skills increased by 1
:o
We need to stream 2012 on the 12th of December
o.o
lol
*magic*
He mgone :O
lol
What?
He's running.. he's running!
Wewt
Magic
He gone :D
11,01I like Ronald Emmerech's movie.
MAGIC
WalkerPony89: 21st i thought
11,01All of the destruction.
Captain_Maid_Discord What they said. Stream it on Dec 12th
11,01So awesome.
Trixie saved Indy's life!
Captain_Maid_Discord: you mean Roland?
Doggy!
the dog
oh its Indy the dog :)
Husky
Kandarihu: All things Macross? You got a hell of a view schedule ahead of you.
Was that... A Husky??
<3
11,01Is it Roland?
in greek
Dog named Indiana
Captain_Maid_Discord: it is
Sean Connery :D
Um, dad, I think your kid has a point this time
diddutz: Either way it's appropriate. And yes, I think it's the 21th, not completely sure though
Sean Connery is best pony.
Sean Connery!
nice horn!
RaveBrony: FT Huskey /)
Junior, stay awhile and lishen
lol
lol fat guy
Spectrum_Indy: (\
Reikim, I recently got started with Macross 7. After that, it's Zero and then Frontier.
damn that kid was blowing awhile
TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT
its the kid from Up
I don't know who this River Phoenix is, but he's amazing. What movie's has he done lately?
Or whatever the world is (not) going to end date
<.<
is
:o
that blows
uh
wait what?
Busted
o_O
Dad sits aty his desk while his kid is almost arrested. What a douchebag
GODDAMN GERMANS!
DMAN LAWYERSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS NOW I FEAR SNAKES KNOW HOW TO USE A WHIP AND HATE LAWYERS
sooo what the hell we watchin exactly?
BroHoof Indiana Jones
DAT MUSIC
dat hat
suddenly hat
BroHoof: Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade
Time Lapse!
XD
BroHoof: I am so sad that you don't recognize this
ooh
ow
Fast Puberty
coronation
Ouch...
dat revenge
Ouch!
Daring Do and the Last Crusade
Dat time jump
otakon: what did we do to you now?
HA!
A bad guy who isn't all that bad. Me gusta
it's the same guy too
diddutz: nothing why?
Guy Cabellero!
OH look! It's that ass-TEDDY ROOSEVELT!?
Same thing?!
THE SAME CROSS!
i never seen it before so yea..
so do you
i think hasbro god the idea of daring dos story on mlp from indiana jones XD
No YOU
otakon: couse you damed the germans :3
got*
Some things never change, lol
diddutz: sorry I'm used to the Germans being the villains in Indy movies
diddutz: He is french afterall
and indiana jones was insppired by old adventure movies
Looks like their ship was pretty close to the battle between the Dutchman and the Pearl.
diddutz: oh God you're German! I'm sorry :'(
diddutz, Don't worry, they're in here
that punch
how the hell did it become 4 am
otakon: no big deal :3
weee
that looked like fun
Expoldium
So ded
I always miss 3 am--jeez
Vivix: well you see when a clock and the sun love each other very very much...
boom
bullshit
Vivix: same way it became 5:25 am for me
BAYNIUM!
CURSE YOU EXPLODIA
o.O
hehehe
O.O
Well that was just... kinda stupid
huh lycky to be thrown overboard huh
its his trusty float from the 2nd movie
Bye ship
I swear it was 2 am like..20 minutes ago
THEY WERE CARRYING ILLEGAL BAYNIUM!
ironic
this always happen
the coronado
otakon: Better than cocanium
I wonder how old Indie was when he first killed, or at least played a part in killing someone.
CriticKitten: Davy Jones, Indiana Jones. Potato, Potahto.
archiology is the search for fact... not truth
can always use more hats :$
When will people learn that explodium is not a practical source of fuel?
FACT
Vivix: i swear it was 8 pm 5 minutes ago XD
Dat joke.
lol
Later, at A collede
THIS NEEDS 3D!!!!!
NO
umm
Liar
FACT: Facts are not always truth
Chevok's Speech.
wat?
even the men want Doctor Jones
Who needs a map?! :P
X always marks the spot
HellsFortune: those damn clocks, they're conspirin'
X marks the spot for my secr- ....err nothing :$
Jones is the other 30 % of Archeology
ehyptology?
Vivix: indeed they do, need to kill them all :>
egyptology*
X marks the spot for death
/me gets hammer
/me smashes a clock
1 down
Daring Do is probably loved by her class as well
26 years?
:D
HellsFortune, Midnight Crew FTW
/me does a squidward and oens a closet full of clocks :D
man i love this movie so much
"What did you do this summer professor? :)" "Fought a guy on a boat"
26 is a long time
that crowd
xD
Kandarihu: midnight ? XD i wish xD
Indy gets all the girls
OMG Dr. Jones, you're so DREAMY!
the horror, college students!
Oh god!
what year is this set in?
1938
jones is dam sexy
1930's
that office
its like us when we see Tara :D
HellsFortune, oh. I thought you were referring to Homestruck
College students are CRAZY! ....wait im a College student Im Crazy! :O
Early-mid 30s
Fedora_Quick_Thinker: HA!
LOOK AT ALL DEM PEGASISTERS
Darf14: me too D:
Kandarihu: not really :P
Lol :D
ALL THE WOMAN
lol
The window trick
tactical exit
DUN DUN DUN
11,01Hopefully, in 10 years, I'll be teaching college students.
School skipping, like a Jones
Uh oh
Here's to goals
groupies. amirite?! (i wouldn't know ;-;)
RUN ITS THE IRS
why has no pony adopted the Fedora into thier name?
Darf14: where do i know your name from? i know you from....somewhere.....
Captain_Maid_Discord: Is that what you want to do? :)
Mr Anderson?
you do?
Captain_Maid_Discord: what are you going to teach?
nice scene transition
Oooooh pretty house
Captain_Maid_Discord: "hopefully"?you sure you want that? looking at modern lazy ass college students, i wouldnt want to
i hope in 10 years ill finish uni XD
Darf14: the name rings bells
Captain_Maid_Discord: hopefully in 10 years, my brother and i are shitzillionaires and we make an island where i get all my friends and brony friends and we have paradise for the rest of days
Donovan?
Fedora_Quick_Thinker, you mean taken to wearing a fedora ON his/her mane?
ya know its funny his fedora compliments his suit quite well
11,01I have a master's degree.
Hopefully, in ten years, I won't be dead.
twilight_sprinkle: College students are infinitely better than high school students, as I can attest to.
11,01In Meteorology.
dumb rock
Came in just in time to see the last crusade.
Captain_Maid_Discord: Really? :o
11,01Want to get a doctorate.
hopefully in 10 years i won't be unemployed
Nice!
Fedora is best hat
Weather Discord?
11,01RaveBrony: Yes.
11,01Quiz me.
"RETURN THE SLAAAAAAAAAB"
CriticKitten: well that goes without saying, but college students are still lazy asses in general
I have the name Darf14 in a lot of places BronyInstrumental
twilight_sprinkle: By second year, none of them are lazy. They can't afford to be.
"OR SSSSUFFFFERRR MY CUUUURSSSE"
DrGanjalf|Adventurer: Yay for Courage reference!
Captain_Maid_Discord: what will the weather be like tomorrow?
theyhave a golden fedora in roblox XD
Reikim: i hope youre right, first year students amazed me with their lazyness
I have a brown hat that looks a little different than Jone's, but they keep calling it an Indiana Jone's hat lol
"Canyon of the Crystal Skull."
twilight_sprinkle: They learn to grow up fast. High school students never learn this fact.
College tends to be better because the people there want to be there
IM BACK!!! Hi
11,01BronyInstrumental: http://www.twisterdata.com/
11,01Dammit, I broke a rule.
DON'T TALK ABOUT MY FATHER
Indiana Jones, the search for the Holy Grail
^
What you say
CriticKitten: well high school students arent fully grown yet, plus you dont pay huge amounts of money for high school
Captain_Maid_Discord, better than breaking a nail.
No links during streams rule?
twilight_sprinkle: I myself only intend to stay teaching high school until I can afford to pay off some of my college debts and can start a doctorate myself.
Captain_Maid_Discord: Tell us something informative about meteorology that will make easy sense to us laymen.
at least you didn't break a nail
which movie of Idiana Jones is this?
/me slaps Captain_Maid_Discord's wrist
Daygon: 3rd.
OMFG STUPID FACEBOOK ADD!!!!!!
11,01Ow
Captain_Maid_Discord: i shall probably never use this website, but i'll fave it anyways just cause :)
3,4oh god no
lets see... Indy needs a holy hand gernade in order to find the Grail
cool
Uh oh
oh no... xfire restarts in 5 min :(
Dat random colour.
Dat color
what?
twilight_sprinkle: But you know how it is with goals.
CriticKitten: yeah thats my plan too, but i hope theyll let me teach w/o a bachelors degree
wut
I hope you get to become a teacher Captain_Maid_Discord , it sounds like a good profession with someone with passion for it
dat eye cancer color X_X
BroHoof:get adblock plus for firefox
twilight_sprinkle: Depends what level you want to teach.
why has no pony taken a fedora as a tag on thier name i have it
:(
11,01Vivix: It would be work I would not mind doing.
I thought only mods could have color font
CriticKitten calculus 1. so far all my teachers were in grad school, so idk if theyd let me teach so early
Done
3,4OH GOD NO@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
my only ambition is to not die before i'm 20. 6 years to go!
ow my eyes
^dat spam :P
5w5h4a4t7s7 8u8p9 9w3i3t10h10 11t11h12e12 2r2a6c6i13s13m5?
MASF123: You get an autokick for it.
? What's wrong?
Dat coloring
Captain_Maid_Discord: "Do what you love and you'll never work a day in your life" :D
So many boots
spam all the colors :D
MASF123: They can, these folks are breaking rules.
The difference between good teacher and a bored teacher is magnificent- my first good math teacher made me LOVE math, and raised my grade from 2 to 5 (D to B?)
Rainbow text
11,01twilight_sprinkle: Didn't we discuss calculus one day?
uh oh
RAINBOWS!!!! :D
what's going on?
12w06h04y07 08s09o11 12a06u04t07o08k09i11c12k06i04n07g
whats up with ur clors
NEW MODS?! OH MAI GOD!!!!
11,01RaveBrony: Lol
0,14...
:O
sonicandmario85: No, rule breakers.
*trollface*
=_(\
....
huh, New Mods! :O YAY!
11,01Try it again supertramp
11,01I dare you.
>:>
twilight_sprinkle: You should be able to teach without a doctorate if you work in a community college. But you should aim for a Masters degree if you intend to consistently teach Calc in high school or otherwise.
Lol :D
Erm..
no colour rule, does he know?
If you do it 3 times = Auto Ban
:O
475^439844*233=? <-- Calculus
Guys, it's possible for anyone to use colors in their chat. But you're not supposed to if you aren't a mod.
dun dun dun
---===[[[ --DAuM-Mode ]]]===---
Captain_Maid_Discord we discussed a few math problems as i remember, yeah
how did they change their text color?
so we got one pony wearing a fedora on thier mane EVERYONY GO GET A FEDORA AND PUT IT ON YOUR MANE (put it in your name )
lol
you know... abusing the rules is not a good way to impress said mods ;)
FUCK YOU AND FUCK YER MARKER
oh there not new mods... oh well
There aren't any new mods.
^
Just stupid people.
^
dem fake mods
Vivix: 5:30 am... think i should go to sleep or stay up to watch the movie ? XP
^ Meanwhile
Father has been Adult Napped!
CriticKitten im not in a community college tho. im also not interested in permanently teaching :P
11,01DaringDoFan: Dead Space 2?
Daring Do is best archeologist
I knew that
Well- looks like a good movie, and it iiiiiIiIiiIiis summer
EVERYONY GO GET A FEDORA AND PUT IT ON YOUR MANE (put it in your name )
I`M PRETTT SURE THTA ETH OPS SISLKIE OHTERS ABUSUNG TEH SERVICE ????!!!??????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
twilight_sprinkle: Most standards demand a bachelor's at least. And states usually require you take a test to earn certification.
Jackie Chan is best archeologist
0,14Edenkips, one last warning, shape up.
t h e r e f o r e t h e o p s a r e r a c i s t a n d u n w e l c o m e
Vivix: summer... winter... im a uni student, and in my country... no breaks :P
CriticKitten yeah i was afraid of that
Ah. To be an adjunct professor and teach at 3 colleges.
Aww
why so un-fedora?
I like this scene.
kinda puts that "cross" to shame
LIKE A BAUSS
This really shows how much Indiana Jones has grown up as a character.
inb4 (yet another) ban
Lots of trolls on today :/
yay! a fedora quartet!
eeyup
dat foreshadowing
Captain_Maid_Discord: Might i ask how many times you changed your major? Or did you have your heart set as soon as you got there? :o
Aaaaand he's gone.
Fedora_Instrumental:daring do has a fedora
dont feed the parasprites
Yep, lol
Vivix: though one of my + is that i only have to go to uni once a week, rest of the time i have to study alone :3 so can go to sleep when ever i want D
Silly silly people.
=_(\
woohoo marcus
Fedora are best hats
how is wearing Fedora being a troll we are adventuerars :D
Two in one night
who was this time ?
I have the weirdest tastes, im eating potato chips covered in mustard
Why must people be so stupid
"Specially me <3"
Right depressing, it is.
He goes from "I don't believe in mumbo jumbo" in the first movie to "do you believe this could actually exist?" in this film. From total denial to at least accepting the possibility that such a thing is plausble.
It was...uh...Edenkips?
only 4 of us wearing fedoras
11,01RaveBrony: I never changed majors during college. Only between college and grad school.
such good travel music
Eulshy You 2 ha?
It's a very good moment in the movie.
11,01But I was always dead-set on meteorology.
Aye.
0,14yep
Discord: Tough field from what I hear.
RED LINE TRAVELING!!
Captain_Maid_Discord: Nice! :) lucky too :D
Und some noname called supertramp.
Captain_Maid_Discord: like im set on history :P
0,14gone for an 1 hr
He traveled by riding on the red line
I am fedora'd?
Aw Yeahh
supertramp's still here.
Captain_Maid_Discord, What is it outside?
0,14bleh, 1 hr
GERMAN
Captain the pirates on done DON YOU FEDORA AND GRAB YOUR WHIP ADVENTURE IS A FOOT
NAZI
Dat flirting
Yeah, supertramp is still in chat
Smoooth
BLONDE HAIR!
I used to volunteer in the archaeology Dept. at my local museum. I found the lack of fighting Nazis and raiding temples to be disappointing :P
BLUE EYES!
SNYDER!
/me eats chip
gnat-zees
Captain_Maid_Discord: like me and music :P
SHE'S GERMAN!
lol
Marcus Brody is on a quest.
Indy SWAG engaged
Ah yes, Nittany set his ban in place but he didn't set off the kick.
NAZI
you know
otakon: The accent, too.
:D
Warning, if you go to Venus please for the love of Celestia learn how to swim first
?
otakon: actually shes not
could someone tell me when exactly is mlp on?6_9
otakon: It's somewhat concealed but clearly still there.
supertramp shut up, thus no kick
with a name like SCHNIEDER, you'd think she was not italian or french ;)
Yes I know.
AH
Brohoof MLP is on fridays
Alright
Nazi woman dies
The Lie brary is a lie
She even has the accent
oh
Fedora_Daygon: SPOILERS GODDAMMIT
Nice Library
Thank goodness warnings work on occasion.
She's a pretty lousy actress
Fedora_Daygon: Spoilers are an instaban.
That accent. she's from Europe!
otakon : It was told yesterday
Yeah
what kind of library closes in the middle of the day?
IM SRRY
Evil_Monocle_Tovler: They are in Europe
Once in a blue moon.
otakon: You do realize by saying spoilers to him, you're confirming what he said right?
well ponys we still need more Fedora wearing adventures so go grab your Fedora adventure is hoof
Indy is good at solving puzzles
/me waves cheap fedora
WalkerPony89 : thnx
anyone see a 10??
Hey, look, riddles! Remember how Temple of Doom totally forgot about this?
Bat Deduction
LOVED this level in Lego Indy
He has the sensibility of a Point and click adventure due :P
WalkerPony89: yh but I didn't say it so it doesn't goddamn matter
I love point and click
X does mark the spot
:O
X marks the spot
he ha to go up stairs to see it?
Deadlypon3: click everything until something moves or can be picked up
Ironic Echo
See? Chevok's speech after all.
:D
dat X
dat ironic line
this scene
I love this.
otakon: Except it does, becuase now I know the spoiler is true, whereas before I wasn't paying attention to him
Oh the Irony hurts :D
Earlier "X does not mark the spot"
lol
:D
Lol!
Sneak lvl 100
lol
Tomb desecration time
Dat stamp
Now "X marks the spot"
Dat timing.
hehe
super stamps!
lol
:D
Hes damaging a Library?! Twilight is not happy
einshtine?!?!
Does anyone else hear rapid clicking
WalkerPony89: well it doesn't matter since the movie is over 20 years old
Superstamp
wasnt there an X there?..
Bones.
bow chicka bow-wow
X...... nope no X here
Of course.
Not anymore
it was aa..the x was a carpet
I'll lower you 'down'
In the Lego Indy game you uncover the hole with A FUCKING CHANDILIER
Lol
SOCIETY IS STUPID NUFF SAID
No screaming. She's instantly better than Willie
It's only a catacomb, just a cave full of dead people
Power Stamp@
oh
*!
Third Dungeon
This cave looks tasty nuff said
otakon: My god, this movie is 23 years old. I feel so old. ._.
U are
:D
That off lighting, lol
history mafia is here
le gasp!
I'm 23 years old..I'm not old yet?
no
Look out, its the Fez police! ..... Fez's are cool
Heck Yeahhh
You know they're bad guys because of the lighting
ITS THE FEZ
tasty yummy
CriticKitten: Tell me about it. This stuff defined my childhood
Familiar-looking fezes
Draugr!
mmm
FedoraVix: I'm 28 so no
Looks like kfc
that arc
Fun Fact: Zack and Cody are 21 now
Those spys
DAT CALLBACK
FEZ TEAM ENGAGE
Dat refernce
Fezes are cool. These guys are NOT.
lol
if only those guys searched marcus's body for the book
So are bow ties
i'm not old, i might even be the youngest here
MORE CALLBACKS!
Fun
DaringDoFan Jeeezus..
Fact
iam watching this with my lights off nuff said
X
me too
X
I can't hold all these callbacks
FedoraVix:you turn old at 89 or something
+10
FedoraVix: atm yeah but we've had 10 year olds on here before.
Zack and Cody were in an episode of thats 70's show
Not the suit
DEARH WATER
!mail z0r8 SweetieBelle loves you
water
im watching this with light off... though the sun is coming out o.o
10 points for me
*DEATH
hehehe
Petrol
where are al lthe fedoras at we need more FEDORAS ARGGGGGGGGG
Petroleum? o.o What's it doing down there?
yoink
How nice
No respect for the dead
Ima boroow your leg for a second
Bone Torch get!
AWESOME
water burns?
squeek
CriticKitten, being peTrolly
ah rats
>Leg Bone
Have you no respect for the dead Indy?
so cute
Dat Indy ingenuity
thats alot of rats
and adorable
lol
BURN THEM
otakon:last year i turned 9 years old this year im gonna be 10 so im gonna be one of them XD
>Tarp
OH GOD. NOT THE RATS!
Rat Orgy
Mousies!
Fedora, no but Petroleum does
Frank Welker Rats at that
Dawwwwwwwwwww~fluttershy
Eulshy: That was bad and you should feel bad. :|
>Combine?
Rats. :3
to be honest, not a wise Idea to use a torch in a flamable place
its a trap
AWWW THERE LIKE SMALL CATS
Imagine if Willie was here
burn them
>You made a Bone Torch!
If Willie was here, she would be screaming and "AAAH"
inb4 King of Rats
twilight_sprinkle: There is oil in the water
Dang rats!
CriticKitten, it was and i Don't
I like rodents.
omg Willie would be worse
Deadlypon3: She'd die of a heart attack. And nothing of value would of been lost
Midnight_Fyre: mk, but why is there oil?
Why'd it have to be rats?
Rat orgy
AWw I hate rats--
She would have freaked out by the sight of dust :P
STEP ON THE RATS
And stayed behind and get captured.
twilight_sprinkle: because it serves the plot
i heard that some of the artifacts displayed in these movies so exist, just not in the way the movie say they are
if rarity was in their then...
Midnight_Fyre: ook :P
Well, I guess walking on that ledge was pointless.
XD
yeah in the water they go
Fedora_Daygon; Hey! Thats what i said
wouldn't some flames be dripping off by now?
otakon: Nope.
:D
derpyface:that wouldent go too well XD
so the WHOLE thing would go up
probably
I love archeology, but- I mean I like to sit in the forest and look at old timber houses, just imagining what it must have been like
otakon: look closely. they are
SEE!
Eulshy; cool
IT IS!
dat body
otakon: Actually you can see flames dripping off in the shot. XD
Draugr Warlord boss tiem
looks tasty
otakon: Yeah..but...movie :D
WHY HAVEN'T THEY COMBUSTED YET!?
otakon: this is why the torch is a stupid idea
nom nom nom
Midnight_Fyre: exactly
otakon: Because magic
dat shield
and sword
dat lag
Here lies King Arthur..... He failed to get the Grail
rub rub rub
lol
Nub
and you hate snakes
OH SHIT!
Evile Moostache
He doesn't give a rats ass
FEZ
that stache
im surprised his father didnt solve the simple X puzzle
Fez
Welp
oh crud
O_O
Hehehehe
poor rats
ITS THE FEZ
EVIL FEZ GUYS
Burn Rats burn
NOOOO
RUN RATS RUN!
OH STUPID FLAME HACKERS
Dat Fez and Made Man!! That guy is so premium :o
What the!?
dont mess with guys wearing a Fez
FezBrigade GO!
WHY!?!!? WHAT DID THEY DO TO YOU?
This reminds me of 4chan during a flame war
nuff siad
a quick change
NOT THE RATS
uhh
who wants rats, BBQ
Cripes! It's the Fez. Scram!
from fedora to Fex :D
poor rats
MMMM... fried rat :)
Eulshy; you read my mind
Yes we can see in Petrol
"Rats. Why'd It Have To Be Rats?"
evil rats
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ~fluttershy
oh now shes scared of them :|
Yeah, the petrol should be hurting their eyes at least.
It's the Rat King:O
And now they found a way out :3
Aww don't be mean to rats, rats are smart.
LOL
Lol :D
:D
dat entrance
Duh. Surrouneded by rats and underwater... LOL]
What are u lookink at?
Nothing to see here, move along
ahh venice
chase scene
good evening everypony :)
hi kirzdtadisg
Run its the FEZ
evening kirzstryfe
soo theres also a path to the ancient tombs from the sewage place?
Hey kirzstryfe! :)
Mornin' kirzstryfe
Daring Do! Save them!
Just think: one day, Venice will no longer exist.
;_;
hi kirzstryfe
Oh shit, Fez Police!
kirzstryfe Meow
CriticKitten: 'Tis a sad thought
THE PO PO IS COMMING HIDE YO STASH
Fez makes me think of the masons
kirz why arent you a mod anymore?
LOVED this boss fight in the Lego Game
CriticKitten: then it will be a kick ass underwater city
I PLAY WITH LEGO VIDEO GAMES TOO
CriticKitten: One day neither will you.
WalkerPOny89: I visited. It's a beautiful city. It truly is.
You had to back your boat up in front of a moving boat blade to slice up the boss
Willie would have screamed and made Indie drive while just sitting there staring at them
The fedoras vs the fezes who will be the victor?
boat crushes
Dont make me choose :(
boat
Meanwhile: Yeah but by then I'll long since have stopped caring.
CriticKitten: Amen to that line of thinking.
I made a video game with lego's, but it wouldn't fit in the consol....
i also visited Venice. i puked. cause i was sick at the time
EXPLODIUM
+10
CriticKitten: I'd love to visit the city one day. Seems beautiful
close call
It...explod?
RIP Fez :(
BOOM
MOVIE PHYSICS
WHY DID IT EXPLODE
Just like in I remember Billy and Mandy parodying that scene
0,14dat kirzstryfe
Look at the pretty explosions :P
/me noms on SaxyPretender
EVERYTHING IN MOVIES EXPLODE defiantly if its directed by micheal bay
That's no Revolver
In movies, everything explodes, even rocks
Allo kirz.
0,14back to the good ol' days, eh?
WalkerPony89: If you do go, make sure to pay for a gondola ride. You won't regret it.
Hey thats what i said darf were related
Chop chop chop chop
/me throws random object at someone
CriticKitten: Well of course, that's be one whole reason for going :P
dat reban
who wants a human smoothie? mmmmmmmmmmm
Like in the first movie!
why is the turbine thinnge half above the water O.o
too bad their isnt
/me Is hit
:)
nom nom nom
ded in 3
2
1
Uh, guys...
.5
he doesnt die
MY SOUL IS READY
Uh guys, you're boats gettin' chopped up
oh
LIKE A BAWSS
Sure called his bluff
nomnomnom
pussy out
Well, that's nice of him :P
STOP COPYING MY POSTS nuff said :D
So he jumps into the boat with them. Guess his soul wasn't prepared after all.
:D
Well he finds out that THAT guy is a good guy actually
Casim is best casim :P
Lying religious guy was lying. :D
My name is Inigo Montoya
Made Man :)
Epic item
oh the irony
to do anything...except die
See? Defenders of the grail
Good guys
anything.........
to drink oj out of
Casim is best Templar
Well, don't die if you have to :P
TO DRINK MY VODKA
How does he know
and get drunk and party with hookers
well.... they could have save a lot of Fez if they talk
Wait, how did he know that?
How does he know?
/me tries to imagine this movie with OJ Simpson in it.
He's not the one holding Connery. How does he know where Connery is? O>o
lol
too much words
my brain hurts
In egypt
Ok now what are we wathcing, because I just came in.
Cresent Moon
6_9
With Luna
/me throws rock at Eulshy
Slenderman: Indy Jones: The Last Crusade
sldnerman: my little pony
YESH!!!
The Grail is in Equestria.
oh everyone says the truth?
SALAH
/me Falls unconcioust to rock.
damn room service
I hear ticking...
:O
Dat ransacked apartment
Polka music
Clock, eh?
he got robbed
hackers
Reikim: It's a pipe bomb!
OMIGOD
someone hacked their accounts
D:
ih i thought it was an afair
So who's the blonde? I left for a bit.
Elsa - She-wolf of SS
OH IAM OROGINAL
/me Bleeding out from rock attack
Indiana_Striker: so close, but so far :D
SPOILER: ELSA IS A BETRAYER
....she didn't hear the apartment get destroyed? That music would not conceal that much noise. How would he not be suspicious?
she actually works for north korea
Spoiler: Spoilers will be banned.
OHMYGOD, SLENDY FOUND ME
Fedor is still cooler then Whip
Spoiler Elsa is German
noooooooo
This is the cup Discord would drink his chocolate milk
Spoliers people! WTf! :[
CriticKitten: He's blinded by something called hormones.
eew
dude dont spoil :|
Spoiler: Indiana jones kisses
Anger SEX
Spoiler: SHUT UP WITH THE SPOILERS
!mailbag
Indy has angry sex
Hate sex incoming, kids.
....angry sex?
and then she kissed him
Indy should've join with Arthur and his knights and search Grail with them
ew
This is so strange
Reikim: Ah, hormones.
yeah, I don't like that kinda women
COME ON!
Goddamn they are getting into it
Dat 'oh yeah' face
Angry sex is good sex
And now the movie has been ruined for me
Wait... what?
?
Fuck you, bitch! Let's make out.
They hate...
well ok then
lol
Venice is best city to ship.
but they love...
so the key to women is arguements
They were screaming to sex
they gonna go to that castle
lol
Too bad Canary's not here, she would have had quite a something to say about that.
I'd cut that in a directors edit
THIS IS SO CONFUSING :[
I BLAME DAYGON!!!
/me Is dying slowly from blood loss
Sinestro: that's what you'll get regardless >.>
RED LINE EXPRESS
i watch too much movies nuff said
Reikim: Why's that?
NAZI
/me pokes the channel with a fresh stick
fake stering wheel?
/me screams at Eulshy to wake up
seems legit
So apparently this takes place before the anschluss
Scottish accent? XD
11,01!malebag? :p
Best part ever
Deeeeeaaaaaaad.
suddenly Scottish
What did he say
Im suppose to do my ap summer assignments right now but iam watching this nuff said
/me pokes kirz|art
CriticKitten: Canary's got a massive thing for Harrison Ford. She had something of a fangirl moment on the night we played Raiders of the Lost Ark.
awesome scene XD
Dr McJones
It doesn't seem to work in this channel
Lord Clarenc MacDonald
Scootish Indy is best Indy
Indiana troller
Speech:100
If only Canary was here
LOL
Mickey Mouse!
oh hes Micky :)
11,01'dat voice change?
!mail Cavalluccio test
lol
Mickey Mouse
We're not dead, we just have nothing to talk about.
PAWNCH
Oh indiana u troll
:(
"What makes me a good Adventureman?
That's dead.
JONES PAWNCH!
I BLAME Fedora_Daygon
Meanwhile, this is what I'm working on with the picture you found yesterday
/me Dead
http://i.imgur.com/z6AE4.jpg?1
NAZI'S
:O
Reikim: Well, he was bare-chested in Temple of Doom, and I gotta say, I can understand that.
11,01This is our help channel.
DER NAZIS
Sneak sneak sneeeeaaaak
NAZIS!
look at dat nazi
If I am Mickey Mouse, you are Scrooge McDuck
NAZIS
Nazi's! Nazi's everywhere
dern gnat-zees
NO
OMG NAZIS
nazis i love these guys
what?
Mickey Maus
It's always the Nazis
Ooh. That's awesome.
dat AJ
/me laughs at dead body of Eulshy
nazis sure did love there castles
I BLAME Fedora_Daygon
"Nazis... I hate these guys"
Nazis are the root of evil nuff said
Those Wacky Nazis
SHUT UP
going to do scrollwork over the entire image
That's gonna look wonderful when it's done.
Interesting...what, specifically, are you trying for?
Who's Nuff?
Ooh
:[
That's going to be something epic.
There not only Nazi's, there Grammar Nazi's! :O
smh... smh.. nuff said
Fedora_Daygon: You didn`t help Eulshy
felt the need to try something new
Yeah. I wanted to know all the channel commands starting with "!"
us being #bronystate
Are you doing that all by hand?
darf14: They're
!help
is grammar not enough good?
DOH!
with my tablet, yes
As in, penning in eveyr single line
Darf14: Even worse; Illinois Nazis are also there
PWNED
BEST PONY
Junior!
+10
Wow
Indiana_Striker, he didn't hit me with a rock
That's impressive.
i foreget how much that dumps to your client
BONK!
LOL
Jr
DADDY
Junior.
Yes Sir!
CONNERY. :3
DAD
Well i didnt kill her so I shouldnt really be blame
:O
ok I'll try this out
too bad the actor died :(
11,01OK.
blamed
that little bit took about 2 hours last night, so the picture will take a while lol
Sean the Gentleman Connery!
11,01Maybe try it in a private channel.
0,14Shizuka wears sunglasses at night?
Sean Connery is best pony.
It will totally be worth it, I bet
Shizuka: Who doesn't
13so i can so i can
11,01It's Sean fucking Connery.
lol
Connery is fantastic. XD
Fake
lol
father and son nuff said
/me poops in Fedora_Daygon fedora
It doesn't work :p
=_(\
Pwned
You can tell by the pixels
ITS JAMES BOND
*facehoof*
hiya Shizuka what's up?
/me glomps Captain_Maid_Discord
I never did like hats
Sean Connery
It's a family reunion! Daring Do, Indiana Jones and Doctor Jones!
/me 11,01counterglomps Jmo4267
:>
goddamn master
0,14man, hopefully we can watch Blues Brothers one day
U forgot that guy in number 4
And now we die again...
oh iam so retarded
6_9
he knew it? then why didnt he solve it? it was an easy puzzle
...
:p
beccuase the movie is full of trolls
:D
...
Ded.
But my mailbag command shows me people I don't even know !
THERE we go
twilight_sprinkle, you know what a rubix cube is but that doesn't mean you can solve it
ratz
Rats.
his dad is James Bonf
big ones
and then we die again? :D
*bond
lol
oops
/me licks Meanwhile s face
Dat look
twilight_sprinkle: it explains everything
Just say journal its manlier then DIARY
nazis and their mp40z
lol
DaringDoFan: no but it was an obvious puzzle and he made the connection ith the mozaic
err.... he forgot that the room is wired
Ze book
11 300
Ze diary
Ffffff
xD
Lol! :D
Yep. :D
Yes
*facehoof*
Und dann he was that stupid.
Fail
dat simultaneous speaking
troll
:D
EEYUP
indiana troller
:);):D:P:$:O:|:S:[6_9:);):D:P:$:O:|:S:[6_9:);):D:P:$:O:|:S:[6_9:);):D:P:$:O:|:S:[6_9
LOL
I'm only ar 10 660
Inb4 kick
Son. I'm dissapoint.
yet MP40s only consisted of 10% of the army, most of them used Kar98k's
thats not spam at all
magmablock: so much color!
We should watch a Marx Brothers movie :)
i love color
?
mother of emoticon
No, 10 068
Pewpewpew
+10
Pony writing month
HOORAAY!!
Spoilers: Daring Do is Indy's mom
DON'T CALL ME JUNIOR
YAAAY!
BLOODY MURDER
lol
BAH
Triple kill
http://cheezburger.com/6490095360
I'm writing my fic out, and I thought I was ahead...turns out I'm a bit behind.
Look what ya did!
+90
LOL
oh Junio- *gets shot by Indy*
0,14...he mad
Connery can do no wrong.
Yeah yeah I shot some Nazi's. Don't call me junior.
shoot them twice they turn into nazi zombies
a meat shield
Ze gun
Now here is a real nazi
shes a SPY!
DaringDoFan: So Indiana Jones is half pony? That explains a lot
Shoot her
And that's counting the notes I wrote out for myself...dammit.
she actually is
lol
OR WILOL HE
I have ideas, but I suck at writing >.<
Listen to Connery!
You foal!
Note to self: Calling Indy "junior" makes him gone killing spree
*facehoof*
Stewpid
Ze royalvikeing
I AM ZE NAZI
^
Backstab
oh she troller
Damnit.
NAZI
trollz
he should have shot his head
dat Nazi troller
Nazis, why does it have to be nazis
nazis are trolls nuff said
Don't call Elise "Jr." either.
NO
KILL MER
She was never really on your side.
face
stop saying inb4
SHE TROLLED HIM
oops
Dat music!
me
KILL HER
These past few days its been nothing but nazi killin
He got Trolld
I'd take them but I can't handle much else right now.
Evil nazi music
TROLLESTIA, KILL HER SHE SUCKS
Might make a good side project, but I want to do this 50 000 words thing.
test
LOOL
SLENDER!! Y U NO LEAVE ME ALONE
lol
:D
killing nazis are fun defiantly in nazi zombies
SLENDY NO
wait
Connery slept with her. XD
hes Sean Connery he can have any woman
0,14...haHA
OH GOD
Aaaawkwaaaaard
YOU HORNDOG
I get it
Oh my
BECAUSE SLENDERPONY MAKE ME LIKE THIS
no wonder his dad is Bond, he fell for the same trick is Bond did
And what I'm working on...was supposed to be a short, but is shaping up to be quite long.
Oh damn :D
DUN DUN DUUUUUUN
my sister talks in her sleep. i'll just get my shotgun.....
WAT A TWEEST
WHAT A TWEEST
dat backstab
Hes also a SPY! :O
Like a father, like a son
BETRAYAL all over the stream today!
you shoul
Even Slenderman is terrified when playing Slender
A SPOO!!
SHLIME OF HUMANITY
two backstabs in arow
ARE U A SPY?
war hasnt even started yet
What ifthe Nazi guy didn't know she was one of them and took her hostage for real?
/me pays Slenderman to keep stalking Indiana_Striker
so the Nazis arnt known as that even then
lol
omg I played that game
Brody
time for a Brodyquest
So gay, I can scare so much better than that
I cant write worth a dama :D
lol brody sounds like a computer
*Damn
Brody isn't up for a quest
URg
Slender is but an INKLING OF MY POWERS
WE MUST FIND THIS MAP derp
Not sure you want to
Takes hours and hours.
LOL
lol
LIAR
Fail
XDDDD
lol
Pfft.
Troller
that blending in
And then they do see him again
fail
:D
LIES
poor bastard
HE BLENDS IN LIKE A BAWSS
:D
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF-
Adventuring Skills are at 0
this ws hilarious
SO MUCH BULLSHITTING
LIKE A BAWS
I TRUTH
gilligan cut?
SALLAH!
So many Fezes
STOP COPYING WHAT I SAID RAGEEE
Truely a master of disguise
JOHN RHYS-DAVIES!
Fez Nazi
.....he might be a Nazi
omg
Run you idiot!
RUN!!!!
Brody doesn't get it.
RUN
That guy doesn't look like a Gestapo at all!
Got my Rarity drawing open, havent worked on it all day.
RUN MUTHA FLIPPA
RUN
lol
WA
FAIL
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
fail
YOU DUN GOOFED
Okay, clearly I have to leave here if I'm going to make up the 300 words I'm missing.
Pass, this passed, no fail
UBERHAXORNOVA
Night regulars. I'll see you all tomorrow, probably.
0,14later Reikim
I WAS DRIVING THE TRUCK TROLOLO
Time to sleep. Good night, everyone.
Gnight
Cya Reikim, good luck and have fun
lol
Missed him
night Reikim
Gnight Slenderman
i guess ill sleep after the movie ;o
night Reikin
I aint going to sleep
no sound?
night rei ahh he gone
i meant reiken
well that was odd
LOL
Lol! :D
i didnt see
I was DC'd by the chat
oh mai
Oh
:D
They indirectly touched penises
Gnight reiken
Connery confirmed for good lay.
Slenderman: to busy being a pedophile?
Dat lip sucking
otakon: see told ya not german, Austrian
OH MY
Mmmm
Thwack
bonk
I like the Austrian way better.
dat goodbye
Double kill!
Not exactly a pedophile. That's Slenderpony's job
Sadly, I have to leave early. Enjoy the rest of the movie everypony!
Spectrum_Indy: isn't Austria next to Germany, shares a similar culture and language and is basically German?
I just scare then kill people
All this talk of Austria is making me hungary
Slendermane*
uhmm disconnected
No. That's just his nickname
Connery is best pony.
oops
crap
XD
impostor!
LOL
Fuuuu
that fire
oops
otakon: careful saying that to an austrian could be view as an insult sometimes
Connery is not on his A-game today
dat fire
Dumbass. :D
0,14so that's 4 d/cs so far
Spectrum_Indy: hmm good point but that's just how I see it.
And this is why Connery is the best pony.
Fire no spread that quickly
:o
fake!
why does that soundtrack make me think of starwars?
is it bad that I only have the sound for the movie running, but I can "see" exactly everything that's going on?
albeit i'm not saying you're wrong otakon :S
Becuase it IS A STAR WARS SOUNDTRACK
0,14eenope XD
Applechip1: Because John Williams
WAT?
Spectrum_Indy: well I certainly didn't mean it as a insult
Every song JW does sounds the same
so now they'll burn properly?
Dad. What? Dad. What? DAD! WHAT?!
The fireplace is ironically the only place NOT on fire
in case of fire, hide in fire place
lolz
LOL
HELL YEAH SECRET PASSAGE!
that oblivious
LOLs
LULZ
kirz|art as long as you see them with clothes is alright
lol
LULZ
no shit Connery
LOL
"Our situation has not improved"
And not a single shit was given
Lol!
hai
ALLLLLLAH
Dat face
11,01Frau.
my god
ALLLAAARM"
ALLAH!
ALLAAAAHHH!
ALAAAAAARM
SCHNELL!
Stormtrooper aim
11,01Isn't that Frau from Austin Powers?
you know you'd rather see Sean Connery without :P
otakon: and as someone of austrian and german descent i know thats not what you ment to imply :)
FIRE
Nittany_Discord: looks like her but I think that is the point.
xD
FEUER!
lol
Spectrum_Indy: oh I'm sorry :(.
11,01Looks and sounds like her.
BURN NAZIS BURN
Killed by their Fuhrer
silly otakon i said it s ok
/me hugs otakon
BURN IN HELL LIKE THAT PITIFUL ALEX KRALIE BASTARD
lol
well still I should have not have said it
Lol :D
GOddamn secret passages everywhere
its a shame they had such stylish military uniforms
Indiana used roll out
That is if you guys know Alex Kralie
you're probably right
11,01I'll open your secret passage.
More butts
And now, for a change, we'll burn the Nazis(too rough?)
And this is why Connery makes this film WORK.
I ALSO remember this from the video game
The boat probably has a secret passage too.
and SABOTAGE ONE OF THE BOATS!
Did chat derp?
Troll
Ford plays the straight role, and Connery nails the humor.
Sean Connery and Nic Cage should team up in a National Treasure movie.
HELL YEAH!
BEST SCENE!
A little too soon indy
Double Kill
well this is awkward, I refresh chat and I couldnt get on with my name, >_<
Wait, so what's with Daring Do in the background
Nicholas Cage needs some more movies
/me agrees with dead Eulshy
Darff14: have to wait for it to time out
that speederbike chase
/me puts ze goggles on
Slenderman, Daring Do is Indy's mom
Darff14: you and me both
Ze director of ze museum
to the land of fezes!
RUN YOU MORON
I'm pretty sure every German person in every Indy movie is a Nazi
burn'
o.o
that netsplit
p,g
brb guys need a drink
what the hell?
ow
dat netsplit
All the pings
Wow.
13netsplit
AHA!
0,14NETSPLIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT
13remain calm
Chat is dieing
00,10netsplit
*DosEquis voice* It's not often that I'm gay, but when I am, it's for Sean Connery
Does that mean Indy is half pegasus?
:3
Erryone panic
I'd make a schocked face but...
Shizuka: it wasn't just me earlier then!
oh there we go, now to get rid of the extra f
Bloody ponychat.
Shizuka: I got DC'd by the chat too
or braeburn
We'ere all GUNNA IDEE!
Yes, Indy is half pony
0,14...
brb
lol
11,01otakon: Me three.
i didnt get dcd otakon
well Spielburg is jewish so not a suprise he'd pick on the germans
lol
0,14Most Interesting Man in the World x Sean Connery
me four
ahh much better :)
Barbetos1: Chat is alive, just too busy watching awesomeness to type
pole beats gun
nice
ouch
Aw, no explosion?
Sinestro: problem ? :>
>_< terrible time for lag
come on
That aint a net split, people just tired of the movie
wouldn't that be masturbation?
lol
NICE
and there he goes :D
FIRE
Myth Busted!
BWOOOOO
foom
wtf?
pole beat EVERYTHING
LOL
Wait..
(dammit)
HOLY BUTT
I think Mythbusters proved that one false.
Dad is not amused
He put the pole INTO THE FRONT wheel...
That was lifted
0,14some people are into that
It wasn't a netsplit, just dead nicks timing out in unison.
CriticKitten: They did, actually. WAY wrong
they did CriticKitten
and blew up
=_= I'm not gonna be awake for Indy 4 Rifftrax
BERLIN
BERLIN WALL
mythbusters cant be trusted.
COD BLACK OPS
MAP
BERLIN WALL
IT MAKES SEEENNSSE
o_o
Wat
Lol he can't remember
TO BERLIN
o_o
Marcus Fenix
lol
Slenderman: You do know that Berlin Wall was a real place, right?
lol
Hi everypony
lol
This legendary line
Lors name in vein!!
*Lords
Yes, of course I do.
0,14ahhahahaha
SaxyPretender you talking about sean connery or masturbation ?
well .... were going to the worst place on earth at the time
HI DerpyMuffins
0,14why not both?
hoi DerpyMuffins
She blinkd!
Because it's that cut and dry
Slenderman: Just checking:)
Daring blinked!!!
hehe
What we watching?
AGAIn
Oh geez
Neither did Daring Do
Inb4 Königgrätzer marsch everyone cover your ears!
Slenderman, keep an eye on her, her tail twitches sometimes
AGAIN
DerpyMuffins: Indiana Jones: The Last Crusade
DerpyMuffins: One of the best movies ever
I love this movie. ;_;
Must have shocked face when have no face...
Burn books?
11,01They just read Twilight.
They are burning all the fanfics! NOOOOO!!
....Hooray?
Burning books of "Jewish science"
good ol book burnings
D=
Twilight does not approve
whatever the fuck that means
Dont Look Twilight! Its too horrible to see all these books burn! :'(
Und dann the best march song ever
http://derpy.me/4ln0C
Twilight Sparkle is crying right now
And it's because I love this movie that I dislike the fourth so much.
0,14Twilight would be mad
Oh wait.. Just the bad ones?
...I-I don't think berlin was like this ^^'
Berlin in 38' - a lovely place for vacation
Okay. Thats good.
Nittany_Discord: The Nazis aren't so bad then
Twilight is crying right now
Those Fiends! They threw in my copy of Fallout Equestria in there! :[
a great place if you like flags
HITLER :D
Lol
There's Hitler <3
NIEN NIEN NIEN
0,14...
That old horrible maaan :P
kill it with fire o.o
since the twi is cryinf right joke is old who is the pony who originally owned the library?
rDun dun duuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuun
Twilight's gonna buck their shit up.
If Indy got into a fistfight with Hitler in the 4th movie instead... Oh man
WalkerPony89, you know except for the halocaust
I did not see Hitler
NAZI NYAN TIME
FEGELEIN
0,14Indy should've pulled a Cap and pun- Evil_Monocle_Tovler
Jeez people!
0,14FUND IT
I MISSED IT
There was HITLER :D
0,14FUND IT SO HARD
YEAH BOOKS ARE FOR NEARDS
HE WANTS IT NOW!!
nazi bronies? oh well
Eulshy: If they're burning copies of Twilight, then that makes them just a bit less evil
you want this cake?
Evil_Monocle_Tovler, there was no 4th indiana jones movie
I WANT THAT CAKE
STARSWERLED THE BEARDED WOULD BE STRAIGHT UP PISSED
if you know what he means
burn
Fuck you lady.
Liar!
dat sexy uniform tough
woah
lol
Badass
can't scream if you can't breath
This is Richdiculous, Ann Frankly, it needs to stop
actually I feel sorry for her
time to GTFO
Dat sexy pose
Indy vs twin clones of hitler
0,14and then all he would have to was cover her mouth
best scene inc
theres Hitler
HITLER
O_O
this scene is priceless
The Führer himself
o_o
kill it
DUN DUN DUN
with fire
FEGELEIN
:3
:D
o.o
0,14there's the fucking asswipe
Sign my book?
It'S FAKE HITLER
I want you to sign my book! Oh what Mister hitler? Its supposed to be burned... awkward....
FEGELINDY!
0,14PUNCH HIM
saxy, squueze hard enough in the right spot.. she can't scream
It's Fuhrer King Bradley himself
Dat autograph.
SO INDY
0,14PUNCH HIM AND KICK HIS ASS INDY
KILL HIM
:D
LOL
LAWL
LOL
hahahaha
LOL
:D
HAHAHAHAH
:D
Ha
:D
Indy should have punched him. That would have been so awesome
lmao
PRICELESS
Out of the way PEASANT!!
I wonder how much Hitler's Autograph would go for nowadays...
0,14BURN THAT PAGE
Oh the irony
da fooey him self ladies and gentleman
It's the GOVERMENT SIGNATURE!
like a boss
11,01I want Hilter's autograph.
Hitlers Autograph, Priceless
i am so putting his autograph on a wall!
i'm sure neo-nazis would pay out the ass for it
There you go, a book signed from Adolf Hitler
wonder how much that autograph would be worth
That'd be worthy after some time
I guess I'll just have to stick with that Tom Cruise movie that had Hitler in it.
Funny, the Nazi symbol in reverse means peace
Hey dad, i got Hitlers autograph!
a lot of non nazis too would pay insane amounts for that autograph
Nittany_Discord its on ebay for a doller.
=D
13dat art
They just GIVE em away practically.
Dat blimp.
o.o
They call it "The Hindenburg"
IMMA BE IN FLUTTERSHY BYE GUYS. I HOPE MY BROTHER GETS Y"ALL
"IT'S A ZEPLIN"-Ralphy's brother
ekshaitment
there is not enough lead on that zeppelin
d
the Zoidenberg
(Slenderpony -__-)
be in fluttershy what?
.....oh crud, wrong place at the wrong time
/me glomps Shizuka
Too early Indy...
PUNCH
in the Lego Game there was no Nazis
Hinderburg?
Fedora_Daygon, the Fluttershy IRC
Why does he have a strange obsession with steal and putting on mens clothing?
o.o
I didnt know Indy went both ways
FedoraVix: Hitler signed documents go for about $1000 if they are just ordinary papers with nothing historically important written on them
he pickpocketed his cloth
*Hindenburg
Would you prefer him wearing women's clothing? Think lol :P
ah yeah
his autograph is on every Mutterkreuz actually...
Dat trolling
Lob
No ticket.
nothin to see her
PUNCH!
:D
NO TICKET :[
LOL
:D
TICKET PLEASE
He had no tickets.
HE DIDNT HAVE A TICKET
Fedora_Kandarihu : What?
not ticket
/me holds out his ticket
:D
me shows ticket
lol
LAWL
Dem tickets.
:3
XD
all the tickets
hehehe
/me shows ticket quickly
/me heres my ticket TO HELL
:D
SO THAT IS WHERE THAT DAMN LNINE CAME FROM!
/me pulls out the ticket
bad greenscreen there
I love this :D icon so much
Oh no it's the hindenberg!
"I HOPE YOU CRASH HINDENBURG!"
good thing nobody remembered the face on the pic
Fedora_Daygon, as in the Fluttershy IRC channel.
Blimps are flyed by airplanes?
Does anyone remember 'Dogma'?
0,14Yep
sorry no
0,14it referenced that part
oh mai
otakon: Dragon's Dogma?
SaxyPretender: and now I know
awkward...
xD
Fedora_Kandarihu : I dont get what you are saying
Hindenburg was way before 1938
Dat sex joke
WalkerPony89: no no, the movie
Dogma
poop
comedy by kevin smith
otakon: Ah, that's what I thought. Then no :P
TO WOW FANS http://cheezburger.com/6488593664
Fedora_Kandarihu : What about it?
I can't remember Dogma at all.
actually
That awkward moment Hitler signed your life's work
Fedora_Daygon, that's where Slenderman says he's going.
Parent of the Year
I'm pretty sure that's the same model of Zeppelin, that Hindenburg was
Wonderful father who sat minding his own business while his son was almost arrested
The Hindenburg disaster took place on Thursday, May 6, 1937 -- wikipedia
xD
Fedora_Kandarihu : I know
NAZI
Fedora_Daygon, okay.
Why are *you* here?
Fedora_Kandarihu : You are confusing
Fedora_Daygon, sorry
note to self: Blame Daygon for everything
I'm in Twilight Sparkle's theatre :)
LOL
Dang riddles
all those tests
She's as smart as me
me too
We'll find out!
medic- I HAVE NO IDEA
DUN DUN DUUUUN
shit!
:o
o.o
commandeer the blimp!
I BLAME DAYGON
You already do, Indiana_Striker
airplane time :D
/me drags Meanwhile to otakon
Oh looky
/me has a troll face
only one lifeb- ....I mean Plane
/me has a gun, whats your point?
FUCK YO PLANE NIGGA
Land, no!
oh snap
They cant catch a break
aw buck
GET ON THE GUN!
crap
Oh God!
achtung !
They got fighters on their trail awful quick
THEY DON'T HAVE A LIFE RAFT TO JUMP OUT IN!!!!!!!!!
LOL
:D
LAWL
Dat fail.
What happens at 11 o clock
xD
0,14ahahhahahaha
LOL
:D
dat greenscreen
As I said.
0,14stay awesome Sean Connery
/me is on a F-22 with a troll face
And this scene only gets MORE awesome.
:D
Sean "The Gentleman" Connery
Fail aim
oh crap
oops
Dat green screen
Whoops...
dammit Connery
Son, I'm sorry. They got us.
U LIE!
DUNDUHDUUUUUUUUH DUNDUHDUUUUUUUUUUUH
lol
:D
lol
]lol
inb4 Tuskegee Airmen bail them out.
were all gonna die
Good cover
I AM BEST PONY
Mind the goats.
Goats!
IT'S THE GOATS FROM PIRATES :O
I'm quite surprised the plane didn't explode
that actually is the best landing he's ever done
no Fedora wearing ponys are the best kind of hat ponys :D
Doesnt matter, Indiana_Striker, you are dead
Indiana_Striker, Your the best pony murderer...
Eulshy: you're*
Poor guy
Poor herder guy
Applechip, Who's he supposed to be? Launchpad McQuack?
He just made his last payment on that car
W-Wait, WHY ARE THEY IN A CAR NOW?!
^
Nice car too
Eulshy; Used to
Derp.
DAT IDIOT
Deadlypon3: They jacked it from an old guy who was fixing it
Stupid Piolot
genius
pff
BF3 tricks
Idiot!
...
hai there
sup
lol
"haaai"
sup?
:D
pull over!
Holy...
Pffft.
Sup
"I DIDN'T THINK THIS THROUGH."
Meanwhile, I dun care for gramar, nawt planin on majorin en englash
ohai
That pilot is DETERMINED
Oh hi there!
Good dodging, there!
seems legit
Why the fuck does everythign explode?
LOL
Dang pot holes
Eulshy: Whether you care or not is irrelevant. You're still wrong.
im going to bed :3
He just did not know what went wrong,
magmablock, welcome to Hollywood.
magmablock: Because it's a movie. Explosions are just par for the course
This movie has plot holes
wait
magmablock becuase the script said so
cartoon physics
night Derpy_Hooves
Im just gonna fly through this small cave and blow up
they went from germany to a desert?
bye Derpy_Hooves
Meanwhile, weather im wrong or not i still don't care:D
magmablock I mean, how else the specail effects guy gona get paid?
everything explodes because they have fedoras *drops fedora on gorund and it explodes*
BRAINBLAST!
And then Connery
and yes Shizuka, I am still working on your picture
dafuq
Mythbusters
Its silly but it might be logical
yatatata
lol
Death by Nature
God damn birds...
...
XD!!!
THE BIRDS
Angry Bird style
Sean Connery must have played WOrms. :D
poor birdies
like a baws
It might actually work
Damn nature... Your... What?
they were skarmories
and in the plane
killed a plane with birds, like a boss
Everything is a weapon, even birds
lol
Angry Birds
Sean Connery can take out a plane with an umbrella, your argument is invalid.
Sean Connery, keep up your swag
Angry Philomeana
Hatay?
aw dad, you and your murder
Hatay eh?
Hatay, as in Haiti?
See? This movie WORKS with Connery and Ford as a duo. I was so ticked when the fourth movie threw that out. ;_;
Don't they mean Haiti?
OMEGLE TIME LULZ
Slenderman: ha have fun :P
Gold
Nazi gold
Yep. that's definitely Haiti :P
solid gold Rolls Royce
Well, this URL will stay open
CriticKitten, Connery refused to come back...
Zero fucks given
nope not interested in gold
I would have accepted muffins
yeah he don't want gold
HEY EVERYPONY! :)
So, i'll just be in a diffrent tab
yo
when he says donated he means stolen
He has his priorities
Dat car.
Hi Ponies47
Damn he LOVE his cars
Fun fact: They originally said "Jewish Families", but edited it later
IT'S HITLER'S DEATH CAR :O
DaringDoFan: Because he knew it was a bad idea.
Nice car
Dats like 60 mph
but can it from 1 to 100?
/me puts Darf14 on a box
/me wants that car
they got a goddamn DEAL!
that guy
he only said from 0
its cost 400 thousand dollars to drive this car for 12 seconds
And tanks.
for a CAR!
13<3
GNIGHT everypony
Help im in a box! :(
night Bronysith sleep well
And tanks? A bit much for 1 car
Bye Bronysith
/me takes Darf14 out of the box.
on
he traded the grail for a car?
bye Bronysith
ThrackerzodR: lolz
Darf14, what color is the box?
Thanks otakon :)
awoogah!
It's my Darf14 in a box!
The box was red
0,14I see how it is ;__;
that tank
lol DaringDoFan
Why tank you
hi iconic tank
dat tank
Dat WWI tank
:$ free face
O_O
Ded?
Darf14, can i have it?
Nice tank O_O
Nuthin' like some WWI era tanks
13ded
sure *gives Eulshy the red box*
WW2 tanks
I've been seeing interviews with artists lately that say they have 2-3 projects running at the same time that they swap between, to get new perspectives and so it doesn't get stale
ww1...
Looks like the party cannon got an upgrade!
0,14ded backwards is ded
Why no Panzer IIIs?
not 2
Aw, we're almost over already?
night everypony! :)
Woooh red box
Is he walking?
looks like a hand me down from Hayat
love that line
driving so slow hes able to walk XD
2. Hitler didn't came to power in WW1 lol
Night Fedora_Instrumental :)
sdrawkcab ded is ded backwards
/me Sits on Red box
She loks hot in tank goggles
This is only set in the build up to WW2
Plus, this is in around 1940s
Adrien Brody
pony_6049: no wai... this is still a ww1 tank
Meddling with powers that they cannot possibly comprehend... AGAIN
0,14kirz is a magician!
Dat glint.
those are WW1 era tanks
you had a rocket launcher... oh wait no you don't
xD
nope.avi
Nope
LOL
Not for a tabk
FUCK YOU CAR NIGGA
racecar
Indie, do you get tired of being wrong?
If you can see the tank then you are not out of range
^ never say the N word
pewpew
Its a trap
Ben Stiller?!
Nazi's pissed off the Fez
and so are you
So are you
Fedora_Quick_Thinker: Nickelback?
Und dann desert ambush.
Nazi vs teh Fez?
by organize he means steal
back
WILHELM
USB borked again
Go Fez go!!!
Willhelm
Wilhelm!
GO GOOD GUYS GO!
WILHELS SCREAM YAY
poor wilhelm
LOL
Wilhelm! <3
DerpyMuffins Its always the FEZ
Und dann chat said Wilhelm.
Fez are not a good shot
man the fezes are getting torn up
dat scream sound track
No camels.
sheit
Lol
:o
R.I.P. brave guardian
Oohff poor horse
Horse would be freaking the buck out right then
they had to do that "secret handsake"? they could have gotten away.
Fail
sun shine sun shine lady bugs away
:D
Best rescue
Which Indian is this?
Look at that, 14secs without talking
I forgot
the name
Rescues only work 20% of the time
Well?
Slap
awesome, burn
NAZI... SLAP!
LIKE A BAWS.
last crusade
Goosestepping
13WITCH
lol
go other jones
Dem Jones
Double the Jones
PONIES
So many jones
Burning me is suspended.
0,14DON'T STARTLE HER
The Jones has double
Huzzah the Jones has been..
5 camals
buck
is not 0 camals
BUCK THE POLICE
/me pokes Meanwhile
wut O.o
I GOTTA HORSE BUITCHes
Did he have 3 other horses
I SAY HEYYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYA
Bad aim
man that pony is brave
/me cries on kirz|art.
>missed a horse at close range
HORSE D:
CriticKitten: Err.. Old tanks
I know the bad guys are bad shots but srsly
That war horse should star in its own movie.
Eulshy, every bad guy have bad aim
slow ass tank
CriticKitten: that horse has evasion at 70
Vordox, no, bad aim, They should be able to hit it
lol
Derp.
/me hugs Meanwhile...with his flashlight
lol
Thats ponys name is cannon fodder,
LOL
suddenly car
Poor kraut
Hey, kirz|art, can i see some art youve done? :)
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH.
Vordox: Even WWI tanks could hit at that range. :P
cant fire gun anymore awww sad face
CriticKitten: Against a horse?
Horse > Tank
Vordox: They're just suffering from bad-guys-can't-hit-shit syndrome
that's most of the stuff I've uploaded
Vordox, they seem pretty incompetent with tanks
0,14...ah crap
That horse is blindfolded, right?
0,14RUNRUNRUN
CriticKitten: Also, did you HEAR the state of thr rust on those tanks? :P
sucks to be that guy in the car
rock vs tank
0,14SOMEONE HELP MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
nice
tom vs tank
Friendly Fire!
they ded
lul
/me chases SaxyPretender.
/me skullcaps Meanwhile
ded
o_O
with a spaz
man thats just insult to death
/me ded.
FORREST GUUUUUUUUUUUUUUMP
here comes tom
He crushed their dreams
Here comes TOM!
We don't give a fuck! We'll murder our own guys!
0,14thank you kirz ;__;
ahh good ol screaming german guy
Tom > Tank
ded
Tom saves the day
Boom
looonytoon styel
Sinestro: to be fair, every villain in the history fo the cinema has the stormtrooper effect
tom could have killed indy dad
That was mini Tom
Vordox: In WWII, the Germans invaded a nation with their tanks, and the defending nation used horses. They were conquered in roughly a day.
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
hehe, don't thank me yet, you haven't seen my friendly fire percentages >.>
still unknown
Okay. That destroyed gun turret looks like something out of Looney Tunes
Tom: stop spamming
I remember this boss fight!
CriticKitten: Yeah but this is 1 tank... :P
0,14...Duly noted.
Vordox: Against one horse. :p
Oh this fight from the SNES game
It was AWESOME... only Sallah was there to
NOW PUT IN A GRENADE
I was talking the Lego one
Got some nice stuff on here, kirz|art : D
Ow, bellyflop onto tank
cool
Dat shot
Tripple kill
Multi kill.
collateral
nice
hax
high save %, high ff %, especially if I get a shotgun >.>
TRIPLEKILL
TRIPLE KILL ONE SHOT
LOL
ty :)
00,10be effecent
dat gun
Peircing rounds
More kills than bullets
Sumica: dat tf2 ref
Ow.
ded
HOLYSHIT, That scared me, Dismo was not expecting music to be playing with gunshots and screaming when he joined
he ded
ded
bump
splat
Rrrrampage
CriticKitten: So the odds and factors are = Rusty old tank driving on loose sand, with very rusted up hinges and trying to shoot against a : Horse, quick turnable, decent speed with very easy ways of turning and evading shots from the front of a Cannon. :P
I'm sorry
haven't finished a picture lately though, between work and other stuff
I'm going to beat on the horse
how does that nazi not notice the gun in front of him
lol
hai
lol
11,01Uuuuuuuuuuuuh.
Vordox: It's not THAT old of a tank, dude. :P
NEIN
Somone translate that
was mostly just putting together the newsletter
German
CriticKitten: Didn't you hear the hinges?
Dad fights with an umbrella, son fights with a periscope.
NIEN, MCLUSIEN VE HOUSIEN
lol
Vordox: WWI tanks didn't come into production until late WWI era, to overcome the trenches. This one's likely a pre-WWII model.
pen
Pen is mightier than the sword
00,10the penis mightyer
Ah :P
hes an octopus
useless bastard
pen vs gun
German Bronies, what did the periscope guy say?
lol
Sumica: LOL'D
SUMICA SAID PENIS
0,14ahaha
they ded
Sumica: those can make you a fortune
OVER KILL
11,01'spoiding some nazis.
CriticKitten: And when is this movie dated? :P
smug nazi?
...... I cant believe I said the same line that the movie said *facehoof*
he's gonna die
Vordox: 1938, which is....gasp, pre-WWII! :p
Neeeiiin
ICONIC SCENE GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
not good
Okay. Music's getting TOO close to Star Wars
oh no
O_O
CriticKitten: well I'll bet on the horse anyday in close combat fighting against this incompetent nazis. :P
CriticKitten, we don't watch movies to learn!
Curse you bag straps!
Mmm, dirt and rocks
Bonk
bonk
DAT SHOT
ded
dead
he ded
LUCKY!
Pen Island
DaringDoFan: I do, and I say this is how WWII happened
hi
Inc music
11,01Indy's strap would have broke when he hit that.
:O
:o
Connery is still best pony
uh oh
This sounds like Kid Icarus: Uprising music
otakon: I know
11,01A plot cliff.
like that
LOL
wish granted
Pfft.
leik dat
.....that one way
Dat insta wish
ouch
Nittany_Discord: NO IT WOULD HAVE NOT HE'S INDY
FUCK YOU AND FUCK YOUR MARKERS
one fractured hip later
THAT HAS GOT TO HURT!
ow ow ow
He has a tough plot
00,10that's gonna kill his hemroids
y u no roll sideways
Right in the kidney.
KIDNEY PUNCH!
AND PAUSE
ded
JUMP
JMUP YOU FOOL
Oh, crap
Bye guy
Wheeeeeeee
weee!
ded
he ded
It's like the ending of Duel
00,10it's only a model
Oh
No explosion
ded
Good
Omg :D
NO EXPLOSION D:
cool looking puppet
Sumica: shh
movies over
go home now
0,14needed more 'splosions
Inb4-
huh.... wheres the over the top Hollywood explosion .....
thres your exlposion
Nothing go ka-boom :<
motorcicle expoldes, tank doesnt
the BOOM SOUND
...We need to stream Duel
Eeyup. Nopony could've survived that.
awww me want to see big boom
Where's the earth shattering kaboom?
ded
:'(
yep.
8/10. Thnks for streaming
Don't worry Henry, Indy has plot armor! He's fine
:(
:'(
and then he regretted
tank/10
:[\
:)
"Anything"... if only i had said that
Oh hey Indy.
Plot holes
lol
LOL
lols
I love this bit
:D
The movie is really done?!
sup?
11,01He's baaaaaaaack.
lol
LOL
Pffft.
XD
A moment of silence
LAWL
lol
Mustafa
wait, waht?
:d
Suddenly feels
0,14HE'S A GHOST
AWwwwwwww
feels
0,14ZOMBIE INDY
it's a shame he's dead in Kingdom
Aw.
0,14RUUUUUUUUUN
Jedi ghost
00,10Marcus still has not figured it out
Da fuq?
Lol :D
But SS guy will never have a touching reunion with his family now :'(
Neither will we Sumica
man that cup of life os lie since he died in Kingdom
HAT
Troll hat.
He needs a vacation
troll hat
His hat :3
So the rest of the movie is Indy's dying dream?
get up lazy ass
He got it :3
Never mind that I just drove a tank off a cliff..
Where dat hat come from?
Midnight_Fyre: Eh, he's SS. I have no sympathy for them
So much ded
DIS MUSIC
The Canyon of Luna
^ nice
How bout dat shit
Luna makes the best canyons.
otakon: I don't think he's dead...
Deeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaad.
THE FUN HAS BEEN DOUBLED
Fedora_Quick_Thinker: you have to keep drinking from the cup to get the effects. One sip isn't enough
lol
Luna's Temple
it ebs and flows :P
The Shrine of the SIIIILVER monkey
that doesnt make his family evil
canyon, ravine, or chasm
Dismo: in Kingdom of the Crystal Skull? Indie's dad is dead.
:)
0,14that's what she said
Better tell Diana there are more evidence with moons power :P
Heh
Luna is entering in 3
2
otakon: Spoilers much.
1
Meanwhile: what spoilers?
There she is
were the romans evil for what they were raised believing? where the crusaders?
She's the bird
you must speak in royal Canterlot voice to enter
fuck now i want to see an indy movie where he find a lost artifact on the moon :d
otakon: You don't see him, when is it stated he's dead.
otakon, those who haven't seen that movie
otakon: I didn't know that. You've ruined that movie. But I guess it's shite anyway so.
no, pretty sure she said "Not in my hair!"
otakon: Yeah and that PISSED ME OFF. D:< I would have been much happier if they hadn't said anything about it at all
00,10needs more legend of the hidden temple
:D
lol fine
YFW you realize that Indiana Jones would be dead nowadays
Where are you aiming?
11,01Tell us how to get to the treasure Sumica.
fuck now i want to see an indy movie where he find a lost artifact on the moon :d seriously he went to aliens why not find awesome treaure on the fucking moon
Alright now we run in, grab the Golden Banana, and get out!!!!
otakon: .....You make filly cry,
the mooooooooooooooooooooooooon!
this poor bastard
The whole Jones family is watching
poop on it
ofc they send that one guys men first
Evidently.
I think if the last Indiana movie had nazis it would have done better, I hope thats not spoilers
00,10have Thrackerzod get it for you
0,14XD
Well he didn't get very far ahead
Golden Banana made me think of DKCR
DaringDoFan: Why would that be. And don't say old age because I won't accept that answer
he didnt get aheat
Well that guy is boned.
*ahead
slice
ded
wait it out, they will run out of Nazi's eventually
Cut it?
this guy lost his head
FATALITY
Dude calm the fuck down
Hey man, it's just a trap. Don't lose your head.....oh.
Lol :D
Thats one way to get ahead in life
Don't lose your head.
seriously no one has thought of ducking?
Toph rolled his whole head
o_O
"volunteer"
lol
11,01That wind really cuts.
or maybe getting a giant goddamn block?
oh crud
He'll never be the head of a major corporation
where did they come from?
00,10if only we had "top men"
Lol :D
tom in the background
OH SNAP
hehe Sumica
Guys, settle down, no need to lose your head.
0,14What if we had a Top Gun?
Dohoho
Spas-12
LOL Dismo
The cup that raises all your stats by 10 every time
snap :O
._.
the irony sean Connery being shot by that particular gun
NO
D:
:O
:(
;-;
:(
:O
NO
well damn
0,14NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
TWIST :O:'(
ELSA HAS A HEART
NO
NONONONONO
YOU....YOU SHOT BEST PONY....
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO:'(
Good bye Mr. Bond
I WILL END YOU
you shoot Sean Connery, that definitely means you're gonna die
HE WILL BE REMEMBERED AS WELL AS RAINCLOUD AND CHITTI
Wow Nittany_Discord .... Your OC is a jackarse right :D
Well that escalated quickly:S
no!!:[
Shoot Nazi. Dies instantly. Shoot Sean Connery. Lingers for hours
Jackass :|
That's so cleverly evil
11,01Vordox: Why?
Nittany_Discord: Sean got shot and he's all too focused... Perhaps it's mroe of dedication
bwooong
Dungeon Difficulty: Hard
Dat music
Midnight_Fyre: Connery is so hotblooded that the bullet takes longer to kill him.
11,01Cold Front doesn't have enough fucks to give.
Good point
Time for a good old fashion Dungeon Crawl
It's a shame he never....sean the shot coming.
All this atmoshere makes for the greatest conclusion for the trilogy.
Dismo: horrible
atmosphere*
I've got chills
No decaptitation yet?
XD
oh nvm
Dismo, you gotta be kitten me
prays
You cat ti be kitten me right meow.
HE KNEELS
Kneel!
so much web
WHY DID IT CUT THE KNEELED ONE?!
WTF
God's an arse
i wonder what those ancient blades run on
:D
Vordox: bc God's a prick
twilight_sprinkle: The tears of sea ponies
Luna's got some good traps
CriticKitten: D:
This puzzle is BRILLIANT.
God's one of those guys who'll put you through hell and won't even reward you
twilight_sprinkle: it's a perpetual motion deivce working on wind and gears from the looks of it
Jehova
I have no idea how you could set it up, but it's damn smart.
But in Latin, Jehova begins with an I
Darf14: lol
Iehova?
Derp.
Iehova
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF-
oops
Woops
now THAT is a pit
:D
DaringDoFan: That's why I put more faith in Satan then God, God killed MILLIONS of people.... Satan killed 5(Cause they deserved it, and then it's bad)
His day is just the pits,
otakon: well i thought more along the lines of potential energy of some suspended rock or someth
damn tricky blocks
How'd they build a floor like that if it's cavernnous underneath? :P
I-E-H-O-V-A
11,01YHWH
FF got it wrong, Jehova begins with a I
Jenova!
Vordox: Yes, but they were all bad.
Petrified_Discord: very carefully
Tov_Men: Noas ark? :)
Leap of Faith
Nittany_Discord: ah yea Yahweh
O.O
This one I don't know how they'd set it up.
funny, thats the name of god in hebrew aswell XD
this part
Well, that's a pitiful situation
Impossible! :O
I got to say....
CriticKitten: I'll tell you in a moment
Leap of Faith or Leap of Fail?
That painting is OLD AS F*CKING STONE... Har har ahr
fail ofc, he gon die
This scene always gave me chills when I saw it.
You have to take the leap of faith!
Where's Altair when you need him?
EZIO !
seen this
0,14Leap of Faith?
puns, puns everywhere
0,14must be a hay bale at the bottom
Vordox: would have started a breed of superevil mega-hamsters. Ends justify the means
He can FLY! :O
float
HOW
lol
Tov_Men: And that's why I laugh as religion. :P
HAX
Indy confirmed for pegasus
Dat illuion
saw this coming
Hehehe
NICE
the trick is that it's a optical illusion
Because nobody ever moved their head to the side when looking at this.
Illusion
bam
Troll
EVER!
he doesnt have to leap to check
an optical illusion :O
Walkway paintef very clevarly
man thats fucking clever
the stone brideg matches PERFECTLY with the stone wall
Now dat's just cool
ah, that is clever
Smart
I don't care who ya are
very clever trap
and you can't see the difference from higher up
That is clever!
and then this
11,01That ancient green screen technology.
O.O
Vordox: well, everyday you aren't eaten by crazed rodents, count your many blessings.
A single book?
how to tell my brain is full of useless info: hear Indy stick the leap of faith landing, mentally see the shot where they show the bridge, texture and all -.-
This guy has been reading a bible for goddamn 2000 years
that old knight
otakon: Problem though. The camera faced Indy and it wasn't visible even though it should have been from that angle. :P
The heck?
DerpyMuffins: bible
Fail
Too old to fight
6_9
zombie?
What?
Pretty lame final boss
otakon: But I tend to forgive that.
HOw is your Latin
OR IS IT
hmmm
otakon: He must know the whole thing by heart by this point
You speak latin since you are a knight
otakon: So he'd be he first one actualy finish it ?
How does he know enlgish?
700 years ago
Time lord?
woah
looking good for 700 years
/me 11,01guards
its ok guys, he has an internet connection there, so he learned english
yh
man so he lived by drink the grail if im correct
00,10he had plenty of time to learn english
Sumica: true
Sumica: ....How?
Vordox: no idea
Vordox, how do you know that Indy doesn't know Latin?
Vordox, he's from the times of the Crusades, and such he speaks an archaic form of English.
DaringDoFan: Nice try :
bad guy figured everything out too
bc this guy knows what he's saying
Wow :D
How do toy know they speak latin
I love this.
or watched him
Fedora_Kandarihu: I wonder that...
You must choose
choose the blue pill
00,10he listend to the radio Vordox
haven't even seen the movie in years
This is the best part of the movie, and it shows that the writers knew what they were talking about.
Sumica: ... :P
Chose the gold one
The cup of a carpenter...
DaringDoFan: too soon
The pewter one
Well, it's not like they were still speaking Latin in the middle ages.
00,10it's the cup that says number 1 son on it
Choose the simple one
she wanted him to die
Ofc its that one
its the one with Jesus' name written by sharpie
0,14XD
Yes we all know the very fancy one is always the correct one. :|
It's the one that says "I'm Eggscelent" on it
she probably chose wrong to help indy
LOL Sumica
Remember, at the time of the Last Supper, it was just an ordinary grail.
Because Jesus wasn't a humble guy...
so one out of 100 will sap 100HP every second . FOREVER
It's mage of Ageniuom,
yes cause obvoiusly jesus would have a gold cup ¬_¬
otakon, Bad reference, BAD
its the one that says im jesuslicious one it
Dont think Jesus was rich enough to make a gold cup
made*
ded
Eulshy: what? I like that ep.
It's the Cup of MOME
inb4 most memorable quote out of every Indiana Jones movie, and one of the best known quotes of all time
11,01In before King Author barges in.
There would be no reason humble citizens would have something so ornate
00,10just pick it up out of the blue
otakon: hm, i would choose the one that says "i hate mondays"
its the one that says im JESUSLICIOUS on it
00,10dont bother for any kind of testing
ded
FIRST
welp he's screwed
He should have studied history better
Nope
Doomed.
music ! ear hurting fuck!
Elsa the Good girl :P
00,10not like you would have all the time you need once you found the right one
Well damn
you're dying you prick
Jumpin Jiggawatts!
Heh
I WAS AGED TODAY
and then he was dust
...
Erm..
LOL :D
o.o
FATALITY!
0,14'sup Skeletor
Shatter!
He chose... poorly.
And then best quote ever
prince-lemon, that came with amusing timing.
COOOL
He chose... poorly.
he chose... poorly
ded
AGEALITY
flawless victory
He chose....poorly.
Nittany_Discord needs to dust him
So...many things wrong there...
correct choice btw!
yay
In the Lego Indy sequel it turns him into a HORRIBLE DEMON that you fight.
CriticKitten: *claps*
poorly
Nor have I, lol
00,10noting beats the old effects.
.... That one got old really quick.
Sumica: bad guys are always impatient
knight gives 0 fucks
DaringDoFan: yeah
simpole
:D
bronze
laaame
She was just trolling the Nazi guy
Ugh, shipping, shipping, shipping.... I dont like shipping fics :(
last crusade is my favorite of the 3 though
NO
Down the hatch
JUG JUG JUG JUG
INDY
and then he died
Wisely.
0,14CHUG CHUG CHUG
All HP restored
11,01Damn advanced aging.
if he drank that why did he look old in the next movie?
00,10no wonder it killed him. it was full of sprite.
0,14...
HP buff +100% for 1 year
Just look for the cup that looks like it had been used for over 700 years by that guy
Spriggal: It wore off
Spriggal: Because the next movie sucks
Spriggal: Because the writers of the fourth movie FAIL AT LIFE. D:<
wiw
Ouch
wow
0,14Knight just said grail is useful within the cave
Wash off that makeup!
MAGIC
Remove the bullet first...........
yowzaaaaa!!!
Thanks for burning the BULLET away Junior.
now he has a bullet in his stomache
that wound washed right off
since you still grow old and weak
Did they even remove the bullet?
As is mine :)
Last Crusade is the best of the 3 Indiana Jones movies
dunno
DerpyMuffins: it passed straight through
DerpyMuffins, he absorbed the power of the bullet, he is now, BULLET MAN
The bullet...was never there.
0,14As is everyone's
00,10nah bullet went clean throught him
Live forever, but spend all your time in a boring old cave. I'll take death, thank you very much
it is the best indy movie
Saxy: Aye, but it should have significantly altered Indiana's natural aging. Given him a few more years, same as Connery.
00,10after all indy killed 3 guys with one shot useing the same gun.
HAX
PLease
Run awaaaaaaay
lawl what
Oh
kirz|art: agreed and hiya man! good to see you. kind of hard without colors to notice however.
Plz
He said please
Oh no one man with a gun versus all us 50 NAZIS
SURE
What good manners
CriticKitten: well he's still pretty spry in Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
how polite of him NOW DIE!
Stop!
no
NO!
Put it down you dumb blond
Uh oh
STOP GODDAMIT!
0,14Actually, that's what I think too, Crimson_Phoenix
Elsa...
Well derp.
0,14...I mean, CriticKitten
*facehoof*
INFIDEL!
too late
Nuuuuu
0,14stupid tab fail
Wow
the grail has a built-in censor
11,01Fail.
YOU HAVE TOUCHED THE FORBIDDEN TREASURE!
And Elsa proves to be Indy without the moral backbone.
its like those tags in stores
Platforming section!
NOW YOU WILL NEVER AGAIN SEE THE LIGHT OF DAY!
Dat slide :o
*sensor
Drop that bitch
SAVE THE GOOD GIRL
Saxy: That always happens with my name for some reason. :P
Blond moment of epic proportions
LEAVE IT!
ded
GODDAMN IT ELSA
idiot
ded
well shes dead
Let her die, she's a Nazi anyways. D:<
just let her die
:(
Lol she died
Oh she'll be fine
BURN IN HELL!
its not even indys fault she died at least
She's a nazi anyway
and then his turn
Lol!! :D
OMG she fell six feet onto a mattress!
Well, she was a Nazi anyway
that grail is lame anyway
lol
Und dann he dropped both of 'em.
Again really?
Dat parallelism
REPEAT SCENE
AGAIN?!
lol
Did you not learn?
00,10Meanwhile, some USGS guy is picking up one hell of an earthquake
You'd think Indy would use his whip
Let it go.
Your already imortal
0,14and nothing of value was lost
hey guys.
Too bad he doesn't have Abu to grab it for him.
hiya RAWRity
SaxyPretender: Yeah who needs religion :P
Hi RAWRity
well atleast he listens
Use yer whip, Indy!
He chose wisely
0,14I do =P
man that has to hurt to say that coming FORM THE GUY WHO HAS BEEN CHASING IT HIS WHOLE LIFE
0,14and I was referring to Elsa
Sorry we killed you, Sor Knight
So...I think Amy Keating Rogers may have tweeted a screenshot of S3 of MLP.
SaxyPretender... that cup turns water into fine liquor
YO RAWRity
God damnit I love this movie. It's just beautiful.
Baiii!
It was the Knights time
00,10Knight guy is like, you dicks you trashed my house
^
ded
lol Sumica
its ok, he has net
SERIOUSLY HE HAS BEEN WAITING YEARS TO FIND AND THEN HE HAS TO LEAVE IT BEHIND
Knight is like "Thank God, cuz this cave sucks."
I wonder... does Lauren Faust have a Facebook?
you'd thionk the knight would be mad guarding the grail for 1000 years and having it destroyed the first day he gets off duty
At least the Matrix of Leadership is still intact in that building
i think of 700 years of having nothing to do but read the bible i'd want to die too
700 years stuck in a cave, I'd look forward to death
Knight says: "Yes! I can finally die!"
Fedora_Quick_Thinker: Yep. It shows character evolution.
kirz|art: True
yes it does but still that sucks
no the crossed the seal
00,10uh guys it's not lost, its still siting just inside
you have to keep drinkning from it
It's ok Sinestro, he has an internet connection
Tov_Men: AAAAAARGH THAT MOVIE
11,01Did the movie freeze up?
Sumica: in a bottomless pit
LOL
Dat green screen
lol
Dog!
the dog
Nittany_Discord: not for me
Nittany_Discord: enope
XD
Indy is now a dog
Best dog
00,10just get some rope and come back
Yah hah hah hah
HAHAHAHA lol
Indy is now Winona
We named the monkey Indiana
0,14so....Indy's a bitch? :3
HA
Heeya!
HA!
lol
hahaha
We have a mod impersonator here.
nearly fell off his horse
:D
Saxy: Best bitch.
Ha :D
eeyup
Indy is best dog
Heeya!
he almost fell
SaxyPretender: i spilled my drink, laughing at that
Indy is a sexy Bitch
Winona
Fedora_Kandarihu: orlly?
0,14aww sorry, Sylandest
Dum duh dum dah, dum da daaa!
There should not have been another movie, this ending was perfect
man everyone was going crazy waiting for a sequel and then they start flipping out
Indana(dog) X Winona shipping go!!
Best Indy movie ever
THIS EPIC MUSIC
Perfect ending to the Indiana Jones series
IDIADA FREAKIN JONES
^
wb Nittany_Discord it's still playing what happen net split?
ride off into the sunset/10
...So tommorow is Indie 4 :P?
/me EVERYPONY FEDORA TO THE AIR THROW THEM INTO THE AIR
IT should have ended there :)
SaxyPretender: no worries. t'was worth it :D
This is intolerable/10
00,10riped of the starfox theme
Indy's Whip/10
well... 7:10 am good enough, gn ppl and thx for the streams :)
Eulshy: why?
Which is why he made the sunset shot
Holy Grail/10
Eulshy: Nope.avi
This is how you do a goddamn movie.
LOL DARING
Dat Daring Doo :D
You just destroyed Luna's Temple
lol
/me throws his FEDORA into the AIR
Nittany_Discord: XD
Why not
0,14Sean Connery/10
10/10
Sumica: this came out well before Starfox you know
go daring do
dat Nit :D
AHH
micheal moore?
10/10
7.9/10
00,10the hell you say
Indiana Jones/10
IDIADA! FREAKING JONES KICKS ASS, STEAL SOME IDOLS! FIND SOME BONES!
Well, Pirates of the Carribean was a trilogy. The end of the 3rd movie brought closure to movies that came before it. Indy 3 only brings closure to itself.
dat Daring Do riding off into the sunset
Daring Do needs to fly around
WHY THE CRAP IS DARING ON THE SCREEN>??
This might get a 10/10 alongside The Iron Giant from me
so by that logic, Daring Doo is named after a dog
11,01otakon: Dropped connection.
Epic Blond Moment/10
Doo/10
/me throws his FEDORA into the AIR
4555555555555555555/9
Connery/10
Nittany_Discord: ah
IM DONE WITH FEDORA
Riding off to the sun set. Man... Looks pretty good
best Indiana Jones Movie EVER/10
knight/1o
It's not a perfect movie, but I'll tell you what....it's the closest I've ever seen to one.
and then they all burned horribly
Nitt's DP still gives 0 f--ks :D
/me throws fedora into the sun
LOl
Damn that sun must be blinding them
EVERYPONY LETS THROW OUR FEDORAS IN THE AIR
Me like
DARING GET OUT OF THERE ITS HOT!
DaringDoFan: Crack some whip, go to places, melt faces, and then save the day!
FRED HOLE LOL
00,10there was no 4th movie/10
/me throws Fedora_Quick_Thinker in the air
This movie was my childhood
Oh no!!
wiat what
night everyone
:D
DAring, why you do that??
Sumica: /)
4th movie is a lie
Wow...
9.2/10 Definately one of the better installments
STOP MOLESTING THE PONIES
Cold Front has NO EQ :P
Night Thrackerzod
/me is turning back into Daygon
damn straight Sumica <3
9/10, still has the same movie physics problems
Daring Doo studies that map to find the route to the Crystal Mountains
10/10
And Daring rides of with them at the end
as far as i'm concerned, that was the last indiana movie
Daring's like "hey there sexy :D"
night Thrackerzod sleep well
Night Thrackerzod
10/10
WHO'S STREAMING? XD
Dismo: Nittany_Discord
Nittany :P
Fedora Daygon HOW DO YOU TURN BACK INTO THAT JUST TAKE OFF THE DAMN FEDORA XD
IM BACK
Nittany_Discord and then they kissed
Dat sumica
Sumi pony!
Nittany_Discord: Stop being a naughty pony
Daygon: You could just write /nick
BRING IN ALL THE PONIES
Suddenly Sumica.
How............Daring.
LOL SHE"S EMO:D
i did not know
Now to fall asleep to the Crystal Skull Rifftrax
WHATEVES
DANCE PONY DANCE
Srsly though. This is probably as close to a perfect movie as I've seen.
yay Mod ponies
now kiss
Who is that dancing pony supposed to be?
Sumo OC
*Sumi
0,14speaking of Indy
menu censor
INB4: All bronystate mod OC's on screen
ALL the mod DP
0,14http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10150433091811798&set=t.603775570&type=3
00,10love how every one asumes emo.
Even with its flaws, everything just....works.
DocSane: SlurryMoon
This movie is more perfect than Iron Giant?
Shake that cutie mark
Sumica: Told you...
WalkerPony89: Who?
Sumica: Ikr
Sumica: I'm sorry. :(
0,14everyone thought I was dressed up as Indy for Halloween
Sumica: i never did
Sumica is dom pony, not emo pony :3
DocSane: A mod
more of them more WE NEED MOREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEe
LAWL
Ah
MOAR PONIES HNNNNNNG
MOAR PONIES
Wrek came out from the Box :D
whos the PC one?
Whos DP is the one of the computer?? :o
/me throw his Fedora into the air
Sumica. We've had running gags with Daring and the mod ponies all week
needs more DERPY
lol
woot ponies :D
Who's OC is that with the computer? Shizuka?
dat ragepony
okay
Thank you Jordan for letting us blow crap up in your country!
Kandarihu: Not scoots
13ping?
the computer is Scoot-Scootaloo
00,10and some how I have the simpilist animation that was the most complex
Sumica: isn't that more lolita
So we got Wrek, Nittany_Discord, IDK, Phase4 and Sumica on the screen :P
13not me
Ah, okay.
Turtle
Shizuka's is different.
its Scoot-Scootaloo
Is that Scoots?
/me 13does not have a desktop pony
man these had to have been hard to make
NEED
BOOMBOX!!!!!!!
Vivi!
Vivi pony!
13only oc
and thats vivi on theleft
yay vivi
NEEDS more Derpy
unts unts unts unts
Shizuka: "Yet"
Nittany_Discord: whos the raging computer pony?
DERPY
00,10*coughcough yet *coughcough*
must be added
The white pony with green and red mane. Who's OC is that. I fogot who it was :S
11,01Scoot-Scootaloo's OC.
Actually, Imma rewatch my A movie pick, Big Fish, to see if it's better than Indy 3.
ah lol
Why no SB DP?? :'(
Nittany_Discord: Ah
See you guys, I'm going to bed
RaveBrony: That's Lil_B's Work :)
Yeah. I think Phase4's Desktop Pony needs to be updated with AOE minedropping from Magicka.
hit view image, then link that
Scoot must be getting jigsaw puzzles
Night DaringDoFan
So many ponies...
night, DaringDoFan
No, without a stream my life is worthless....
MOAR PONIES< PLEASE ME AND MY BRO WANT MOAR PONIES!!!
He saw rule 34 of Scootaloo
Why sleep ON Cold Front Nittany_Discord ? :P
and I did dress up as Indy one year, don't have a picture though
Vordox: :O Awesome! I must learn to make these
oh mi god...
BIG CATS!
RaveBrony: Ask Lil_b then. :)
Damnit! I missed who played Hitler!
0,14derp, didn't notice I linked the wrong link
no...
oh hey, who's that one on the top right?
I just lost my internet connection for a couple minutes there. At least it waited until the end of the movie
Daring do!
Scootalooo Rule 34...
Vordox: I shall! :D
Oh then we also got ViVi as well :P
11,01Big Craps!
Daring do!
0,5ello dere
BaconMane: NO
0,14http://sphotos-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/s720x720/387298_10150433091811798_1822930285_n.jpg
BaconMane: don't you DARE
The boombox pony is dancing to indiana jones theme
Hi BaconMane
Vivi rocks out to Indiana Jones theme. :3
Hello all
11,01Hi BaconMane
Hey BaconMane :
:3
Slenderpony: No, It's Scoot-Scootaloo, not Scootaloo
hoi BaconMane
Hi Max
?
Thank you for the movies :D
SaxyPretender: Is that a pic of you? :o
yeah, not Indy, but who?
I can't already believe it's THAT many OC ponies. ._.
0,5otakon, being the lord of shipping, is now pilot of the axiom
Lol COD mW3
0,5http://i.imgur.com/i76WG.png
oh yes
Lol :D
GODAMMIT!
the little pegasus at top right is Scoot?
0,14supposed to kinda be a cowboy
dem lesbians
Dat related video.
the lesbians are back
after party?
kissy kissy
0,14and yep, that's me
Crimson_Phoenix: yes
From Right to left, Daring Do, Scoot-Scootaloo, Sumica, Phase4, Nittany_Discord, VioletVanilla, and Wrek.
I see ponies!
Ehy is Scoots OC a filly anyways? :P
Those lesbians are gonna become a meme.
YES PONY EPISODES!!!
Omg, nice :D
Dat kiss O.o
*Why
Ponies47: it's a colt actually
*dances like an idiot* Doo doo doo!
otakon: Oh. :P
YES MR PONITAR
More Read it and Freak for good measure
Slender WE ONLY WATCH PONYS ON FRIDAY YOU SILLY FILLY :D
lol
^
Dat ragepny
0,14might be easier to make
Dance Mica dance!
0,5Whats this talk about OC ponies?
Slenderpony: she's dancing
0,14unless you make a razorback
I know... dat dance
BaconMane: The stream :P
BaconMane: on stream, OC 8 bit animations
0,5Oh
Wow i want to cosplay again....
O_o
o_o
dat plot
0,5All those desktop ponies :(
squee
dat flutterblush
BaconMane: Yeah I wonder. :P it's Mods(Except DaringDo)
Twilight is definitely Celestia's student.
:D
*does a pelvic thrust dance*
Molestia O_O
Daring Do!
lol
otakon, this ain't 8bit at all
lol
I have until March to put something together
<_<
mic?
it can easily be 32 bit
Weird Al?
inb4 goddamit
Vordox: that's Mic the Microphone
Mic The Microphone! :p
otakon: Oh looked similiar :P
otakon, it can easily be 32 bit
lol I love that bit
:o
Got some time then, lol
Crimson_Phoenix: noe that's 8 bit ponies
0,5Vordox: I see
yep
Where are you going?
Dat MLP music
otakon, no it's 32 bit
Metal Gear!
megacon, in florida
SNAKE!!!
EIGHT BIT!
all those oc's
8 bit can't be that colorful
Dont say that :'(
why?
5000000 bits?
SNAKE
is...
Crimson_Phoenix: well fine maybe 16 bit
Those look like 16 bit ponies to me
32 bits
is sumica making out woith daring doo?
but it's sure as hell not 32 bit
wait , is that Sonic and RD?
goddamn all these 8 bit oc bastards it's like i'm in a sanic the hedgehog fan mod
Night every pony
32 is what GBA ran on
My fav con.... I went the past 5 years.... but now i live in NY... and didnt go this year....
Ryunosuke: no she's dancing
So many Phase4's O~O
...
00,10knew some one would say that Ryunosuke
:'(
sumica x daring do now confirmed
and it's has colorful has this
NIght, Squallken
All these ponies are 16 Bit =P Not 8 BIt
Megacon and Metrocon...
Night Squallken
32 bits
not 16 not 8
God i miss Florida
32
Night Sq....
And GBA wasn't 32 Bit, it was simplifed 8 Bit.
The MUSIC was 32 Bit
okay now that is wrong
Pinkie is addicted :O
(techinically it wasn't er)
DERP
I've heard pretty mixed things about Metrocon
GBA was 32 bit system
Pinkies smile! :o
Crimson_Phoenix: vordox made them :P
no
Cyder Crusher :(
nope
SNES was a 16 bit system that had AWESOME graphics
:'(
DERP
TROLL FACE
went to AFO this last weekend, was kind of meh
Faec
dat face
0,5If i had onna dem id totally be making bacon
windows is 32 bit...
DEEErRP
XD..?
twilight_sprinkle, your point?
pony_4539: Mine's 64 :P
Crimson_Phoenix: that he knows if theyre 16 or 32
LOL
lol
rarity is mad
Dat cantina
lol
that song
00,02Ponies47, ?
twilight_sprinkle, he might be wrong
LIKE A BOSS
XD
Vivi's having too much fun :P
Metro is mainly for the rave, lol.
OH GOD
LYRA?!?!
11,01Ponies47, 47 ponies?
LYRA PLUSHIE
Vordox: ya hear that BaconMane wants a DP
NO DO NOT CLICK IT
that lyra plush thing..
ugh! that plushie! >_<
Oh my...
THE PLUSHIE
NO OH GOD NO
The GBA audio is strange. IIRC, it has 6 audio channels. 4 of them are FM Synth, while the other two are crude redbook audio.
oh yes
dat Lyra
Spectrum_Indy: So? :P
oh yes oh yes
PLAY THAT VIDEO :d
ohno
0,14ah, con raves
Burn it! :O
NO!
And I just lost my connection yet again. I have a feeling I'm not going to be able to stick around long
Phase4: Nittany had 3 of your OC up on the stream before :P
0,5Fun fact: Those were mrponiators favorite ponies in order
0,14they can either be super good
Vordox: trololol
I've never been one for the raves
inb4 goddamit
0,14or super bad
I'm busy with another project atm that I kinda have to make working
My friends always went to AFO and had a blast :D
time to insert ourselves into a mighty sexual position
0,14there is no middle ground
I hear it has a hole you can stick your...pencils in.
awww
0,5OH pick the one with me
Metrocon is Supergood!!
Nittany_Discord: What about them? :P
0,5:D
0,5yay
BaconMane: You have been interviewed? D:
I've decided to get destop ponies, yay spontaniousness
00,10Godking_Buytoast, I thought it was a quiver for arrows.
0,5I did many interviews :3
Can the guy streaming this stuff see the chat?
0,14the one at Anime Boston last year was pretty good
You have to go to one kirz! But NOT Megacon's...
Anyway, I'm out. Night, all you crazy kids.
that one is superbad :D
0,14the one this year was...crap
BaconMane: Woot! I never heard!
Yay
Yes! :)
bye DocSane
night DocSane
oh lord
Glitter!
lol yeah, heard the one at megacon's this year was bad
night DocSane
night DocSane sleep well
DASHI
GLITER!
Slenderpony: Every mod can see the chat while streaming
Glitter!
the only shots comin from that are the ones from a lot of exertion
Hay it's Nittany_Discord's favorite video
love this video :)
ASS!
Seriously? This AGAIN?
ASS!
PillowPoni: Err. It's Bronystate's Official Favourite YTP :P
Wait... what?
And a staple of our history
0,5Hehe
this is fckin funny:D
what's the name of this vid?
winkwink
SaxyPretender: Metro's?
I like anime, but I don't like a lot of the anime crowd
0,5Yeah ive helped interview mrponiator, nowacking, and other people too
00,10Some times I regreat showing you this one nitt =p
wat
Sumica: <3
suddenly a dance number
inb4 Cherilee is a whoooore
Lol :P
Heen.
0,14nah, Anime Boston
chinease?
RARITY
Sauce.
:o
:D
0,14been to AB last year and this year
BaconMane: Nowacking... Isn't that Dj Pone ?
WE ALL ARE
xDD
ha
LOL
Eep
HAHAHa
which reminds me, i had 3 mlpytps i was gonna watch but then chrome crashed...
suddenly casper
Sumica: Well he got you back with KPS :p
I havent been to a con in forever....
0,5Eeyup
She deserves to have RARITY.
The hell did I come into?
11,01I interviewed Mr.Poniator with you BaconMane.
Damn upstate NY....
Ready to *beep* Applebloom
0,5Ah yeah
wat
ha
a good 80% of the AFO cosplay was either Vocaloid or Homestuck (which I just don't get)
0,14...
0,14UGH
Cherilee's a whooore
LOOOOL WUT
episode over
Ponystep...
LOL
Why have I never seen this?XX
0,14so much Homestuck at AB this year
Seriously the hell am I witnessing?
Haha....my friend was a Vocaloid :D
COMING
Well, anyway. It's 5:20 in the morning and I'm knackered.
Dismo: You don't browse youtube enough
G'night everypony.
*at AFO
Night, Meanwhile
Rarity!
RARITY
Jesus
night Meanwhile
RARITY
Night Meanwhile :)
UNTS
Wat
unce unce unce unce
0,14had to line up for a hentai dubbing panel and the back of the line was right next to a Homestuck photoshoot
PONYSTEp
RARITY!
inb4 PAWWWNCH
Sauce.
beatbox w00t
REAVE
UNTS UNTS UNTS
another random dance number
Pinkie Pie
I am so confused
rihgt
right
I have no issue with the vocaloid crowd, most of them have a good attitude, but the homestuck crowd just seems to cause problems
left
11,01RARITY! *throws Raritys in chat*
DAMNIT SCOOT
STOP THAT
Right
PARTY SOFT\
/me catches a RARITY
/me throws rarity back at Nittany_Discord
Everyday im pony
PAWNCH!
Punch!
and the 2 Orihimes I saw were very disappointing
PUNCH
PUUUUUUUUUNCH
PAWN
PAWNCH
0,5PAWWWUNCH
PAWWWWWWWWNCH
0,14NOOOOO
0,14;__;
LOL I LOVE THIS
YES
/me throws Rarity back and demands a Twilight
/me Takes one of the Rarity's and runs away "MINE!"
AW
M Bison YES YES
Dat Kick... XD
*Aw
0,5x3
:D
and i get the novel im goin to kill you
NO
/me demands a Twilight or a Chrysalis or a Luna
i wonder if thats consdered incest
body type should be taken into account for certain cosplays
*Facepalm*
Wooo!
WHAT
WOO!
the ufck
Applebloom~
Ive never truly Cosplayed....
CREATIVITY
0,5:I
never again
0,5Das foalicon
FML ... where do all those freaking endermans come from
ohmygod...
Nittany_Discord: you might wanna move some of the OCs to the top, theres usually less important stuff on the top
Only dressed as a raver when there with my friends :D
PINKIE
saw a slenderman cosplay wandering around
LOL this is priceless
No
11,01It won't matter. I'm about to go after this.
POISON
:o
aw :(
Pnoy pony
/me Throws Twilight Sparkles into the chat, along with Rainbow Dash's, Pinkie Pie's, Fluttershy's, and Applejack's as well :P
pony to pony to pony
Nittany_Discord: So this is your signoff video?
We're sauce
0,5WERE SUS
yes cheerliee your a crappy game that got a crappy remake
LOL
was standing behind a door waiting for a panel, and he literally walked up on us from the blindspot the door made
lol what video is this?
1 pony to pny 2 pony wtf
WOw
lol
So, did any of you heard Howard stern and his annoying little sidekick and what they think of us?
/me takes a Twilight
Ponies47: so many ponis
11,01Either this, or the Scott Pilgrim vid.
WHAT IS FRIENDSHIP
11,01Not sure which one.
nou fluttershy
NOOOOOOOO
Quick_Thinker: HEY! Uprising is good
But yeah, kirz, body type is a Big role in cosplay.
Damn o_o
RAGE VALLEY
KNIFE PARTY< YES
Again opinions but still...
11,01Might make Sweetie Belle made Punch it.
/me Takes 1 of each
what is friendship
0,14Body type is a reason I don't cosplay
Nittany_Discord: How about fun and classic FiM Stuff? :P
twilight_sprinkle: :P
Magic
and there was a red spy with octopus legs
what is friendship
Why? D:
Ohai Phase4
0,14I can't say I look like anyone
lolwut
yes click
she was funny to watch running around
CLICk please
00,02ohai
Needs more 3.5 scootaloo
CLICK IT
Nittany_Discord: how about both?
CLICK IT
It was one of the silliest most uneducated brony hate rants I have ever herad, I used to respect the guy.
CLICK THE BIG LINK!\
gotta find someone ^_^
0,14maybe Ezio, but it would a while to make his clothes from Brotherhood
YES
Nittany_Discord: youll be the first mod with Two outro vids!
Link is busy fighting ganon
plz we need to know what friendship is
I've seen a few AC cosplays that were REALLY good
hello everypony!
And Kid Icarus isnt bad its just...hard
hoi Brony2447
Hey Brony2447
full regalia, looked awesome
hello!
0,14I wouldn't mind cosplaying as Akihiko fromPersona 4 Arena, but I'd have to work out and be okay with just wandering around in a clock
0,14oh yeah
YES
SHE HAS A LOT
0,14lemme show you one of the REALLY good Ezio's at AB
Any you can do I can do better
LOL
Hay Trixie. Meanwhile left in time
Anything*
wow ive never expected feedback that fast thx guys!
Dismo, Howard Stern is a shock jock. Offending people is his livelyhood.
Bish please
0,5TIMBEERRRRR
Damn Twilight
note to self, dont get Twilight angry
lol
ph GOD
oh*
0,5Oh so twilight caused 9/11
DAMN IT
note to self dont piss off twilight
TOO SOON
yes
......Too Far! :|
yes
Kandarihu: but what got me is when he played "
Not cool
DAT IS NOT FUNNY
glorious
9/11!!!!!!!!!
Seems legit
0,5neat
well
oh hell no
11,01I did not see that coming.
0,5OMG THATS SOOOO OFFENSIV OMG
Darf14: Twilight? Don't make Fluttershy angry
JUST STOP
"Our theme" he played the 80's intro
that was uncalled fpr
Too far damn it
11,01Fuck it.
okay now this vid deserves all the hate in the world
fire in the skies
And then video crossed a line. ._.
9/11 was horrible...
huh
pink :D
I always wanted to do a silly cosplay, lol
But that's it.
0,5IM LIEK SO OFFENDED
0,5LIEK SRSLY
It's history, we got to accept it.
YES< I APPROVE AND SO DOES SLENDERMAN
I'M OFFENDED
IM OK WITH THIS
Like a pervy one so i can have more fun at a con, haha
0,14http://sphotos-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn1/s720x720/549348_10151478087155571_179830917_n.jpg
0,5IM SOOO BUTTHURT
/me 11,01offends BaconMane with his feather duster
BUT never 9/11
crossed the line in less than aminute
MLPonline? MUST HAPPEN!
try again
I once saw a YTP where the guy made it look like RD crashed into one of the Twin Towers on 9/11 :S
who's buttflusterd agitated?
Yeah
lol
11,01I did not know that video had a 9/11 joke.
Ponies47: thats actually a gif i think
MASS MURDERER
0,14pic didn't go through>
[Mass murderer]
0,14*?
11,01That's what I get for doing a blind pic.
nope
Sure. one day
nope
ONE DAY
0,14http://sphotos-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn1/s720x720/549348_10151478087155571_179830917_n.jpg
:[LOVE HER
I bet if it was an Nagasky or Hiroshima joke , not as many people woud be offended
show us how many dislikes this got
Nittany_Discord: Not the first one of seen done with ponies :s
Still no :\
Nittany_Discord: and now you know...
Nittany_Discord: You want a provider of interesting/Classic FIm stuff?
GIVE ME A MUNTE
11,01I'm handing it over to Sumica.
Well, now you know.
9/11 isnt something you should use as a joke..
yeah,.... I didnt like the last vid
its funny how chat makes genocide jokes but 9/11 is bad
0,5>9/11 joke
YO MODDER< SHOW SOME PONY>MOVS!
0,5>Crossing the line
0,5PFFFF
well duh, if it's AMURIKA, it's unforgettably horrible
0,14http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151478087155571&l=66eef7802d
but any other place is fine
Dust.
lol
this bit
Thanks for the stream Nittany_Discord :3
http://i.imgur.com/jMl8w.jpg?1
And the Nittany? She cleans up....dust.
She dusts.
11,01I dust.
Nice :O
this would be perfect if not for the girl
Hey I don't think anyone should joke about any tragity
Apple.Mov
Thanks for streaming Nittany_Discord <3
NOMNOM
YESH!
And Nittany? He cleans up dust
He dusts
Tragedy jokes are best jokes.
Regardles of the location
BRB shower
just play random scott pilgrim fight scenes
Omg thats epic, kirz :D
dark humor is some of the best kind of humor
that'll entertai us
thanks for the stream :)
Thanks for the stream, Nittany_Discord. Nice wallpaper, btw
I agree, Godking_Buytoast.
*hugs*
bai and thx for streaming Nittany_Discord
People who make fun of tragedies are dicks
11,01Yeah. I like the wallpaper.
Gabe: Pft, I liked the R63 version better D:
No more stream :'(
Guess I'm a dick then.
and now for a great return http://youtu.be/UUOFduMyJtY
Nittany_Discord, thanks for streaming.
then i guess I'm Godking Dicktoast, Lord of All Dicks
0,14WIN
its avideo in a video in a video in a endless video!
one guy from the brony meetup group dressed up as Barf
0,14DOUBLE WIN
Lol!
Soooo, what now?
http://i.imgur.com/nQjJA.jpg?1
11,01CriticKitten: r63 of my OC?
9>Dicktoast
thanks Nittany_Discord and Wrek|Suspended for the streams
twilight_sprinkle: Wait what...
:P i just spilled chocolste milk on my keyboard....DERPY DERP
Nittany: Yesh.
and kick
Are you fucking kidding me...
SpadeMagnes[R]: yep, and after that everyone loved russia
idgit
Oops.
Dat color kick
Hahaha.
lolol speedreader
0,14man, you have a nicer camera than I do
Buffering ... Forever Alone :'(
SpeedReader: new here?
Thats great
well im off to play videogames (cant decide) so cya :)
11,02o_____o
there are some cosplays at Megacon that are spot on, it's amazing
otakon: Yup.
have fun Darf14
dat SuperBrony64
O_____o
SpeedReader: read the rules please
Ok no more stream here. EQUESTRIA DAILY TIME!!!! :$
11,02i liek cookies ^-^
I just go in my Raver outfit :D
twilight_sprinkle: Not that I want to sound ignorant, I just dont watch tv much what is ukrai again?
hiya SuperBrony64 and yes we know you do
have pics of a guy that looks like Tony Stark, and another of a Thor
nice color though
any1 else think htere should be mlp:fim video game?
/me hands SuperBrony64 a muffin instead.
Cosplay is too expensive for me, lol
So do I :3
/me noms on the muffin
y u no brush ur teeeeth?~
11,02otakon: He knows, he made a mistake :)
/me gives otakon a rainbow cupcake
soooo popcorn anyone
Brony2447: no and there is a JRPG style one being made now and a fighter in the works.
SpadeMagnes[R]: second biggest country in europe actually :P
twilight_sprinkle: again...shows how much I pay attention
A MLP FiM game would probably be tailored towards the target demographic.
CloudWisher: hmm I'll pass
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3lJ9WAaPHc
0,14I give props to this Lupin for actually growing out his sideburns: http://sphotos-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash3/s720x720/548433_10151478095040571_2024971604_n.jpg
I wonder if ShadoCon is still going, lol
hiya prince-lemon
And would therefore be utter shit
loldari
11,01BTW, fun in a livestream I was in lead to this: http://arosu-sama.tumblr.com/post/29006763566/request-stream-is-over-and-im-posting-the
XD
lemon pls
/me hugs SuperBrony64 and gives him a cookies along with a filly Twilight who has a balloon filld with books tied around her torso Hhhai:3
http://i.imgur.com/VNYZu.jpg?1
11,02O.O
Nice
last I heard it was
http://youtu.be/UUOFduMyJtY
Jaymoo pls
:P
/me hugs PillowPoni back and shares the cookies with the filly Twilight
0,14DAT KAMINA
And god damn it my mouse is acting up again
supperborny pls
It double clicks when I single click
/me afk
11,02;~;
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iN-7f0JgHgc&feature=my_liked_videos&list=LLF7smc0TDtWWIknqKADKOUw The best sonic zone ever
HAVE SOME MANDOPONY! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9guAmYLkzYc&list=FLAViXIrbp86kg5lvVfFdQuQ&index=16&feature=plpp_video
The SuperBorny Identity.
prins-dairie pls
So many links
Meow Mix zone is best Zone
does anybody know who F14ace is?
11,02No YouTube links please :)
Hard part about cosplay is to find someone you both like and can match.
http://i.imgur.com/aLEj3.jpg?1
00,10its fine super there is no stream
SuperBrony64: Currently see no stream D:
Ah...
No stream
Even tho youre mainly supposed to go as whoever you like :D
ALSO SuperBrony64 ! if you want a song to be in Rhythm is Magic, what would it be?
That Photo Finish animation video proves we have people who have animation crew quality skills
0,14true
pance dera, pls
bye everybrony
Gooby pls
i got my little bro to watch mlp today and he loved it. He used to call it gay but then he watched...amd boy he loved it his exaxt words were and i quote "This is the best show ever, why didnt you show it before???!!!"
bye Daygon sleep well
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RWyQlryTt-0 DO NOT OPEN IF IT'S NIGHT TIME OR IF UR WEAK! I REPEAT DO NOT oh what the heck do it but remember i warned
night Daygon
bye
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YwSHPk8sKFw&list=FLF7smc0TDtWWIknqKADKOUw&index=8&feature=plpp_video
otakon plz, sleeping are for normal people
Thats why i still with my tripp pants, simple shirt, glow sticks, and top hat!
0,14something to blow your mind, I knew someone can could do those aforementioned requirements AND the character was of the opposite gender
Darnit shower is in use right now. :<
I'll have to wait :<
BroHoof: well....you warned me
Send in EVERYONE
:o
:P so many typos...
superretroworld: indeed
0,14crossplay leads for funny things
yeah, I've seen some really good r63 cosplays that pull it off really well
Same
Best Inuyasha cosplay i ever saw was a chick :D
11,02Vordox: Umm...Working Dough :3
I had the embarassing moment of saying "Dude, you look AWESOME" to a girl... :D
SuperBrony64: Nono, I mean a Brony song.
11,02Or Shrimp Shuffle ^-^
you're not allowed to use those 2 words in conjunction RaveBrony
SuperBrony64: Not actual Rhythm is Magic music
(Copyright issues)
Hmm?
"best" and "Inuyasha", they do not belong together
Sleep is for the weak
:P
11,02idk o.o
hey for those who watch the video 'meeting fluttershy' there was a comment saying that someone name F14ace who made fluttershy lose self esteem and made her shy, i dont remember any of this?
You dont like Inuyasha? lol
11,01You mean copywrong issues?
11,02Never really listen to Brony music :/
anypony know a good brony song i could listen to? im new to the herd
good
brony music
Hi everypony...
pick one
11,02Brony2447: Foal in One :D
k thx :D
hey Kawaii_icybeauti
:D
Heya superretroworld
11,01I don't really listen to music. I'm more into the art.
SuperBrony64: But... I thought O could get good recommendation from you D:
I*
woah dude dat lion king pic
Stream@@
Brony2447: Welcome to the herd. Here's a good one. Discord by TheLivingTombstone it's so awesome! /)^3^(\
YAY skinny celes
/me starts playing Knight of the Wind
Pinkie!
ARMY!
HELL YEHA!
WOOP!
DAMMIT PINKIE GET OUT OF THAT CLONER!
Pinkie Polka
changlings!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The shit?
PINKIEPIE!!!!!
So much Pinkie O_O
nah, I don't hate it, just something to make fun of sometimes
story kept going in circles it seemed
remeber, she has broken the fourth wall. This is no exception.
Brony2447: What's your taste of genre? :)
Haha, alright
That litteral pie
Plus just about everyone says its a girls anime :(
11,02Sexy Naughty Bitchy Rarity is a cool song Vordox :3
anything that doesnt sound like crap lol
/me shrugs
watch for that tree
I still like it.
SuperBrony64: ins' that a copyrighted song, or a true parody? :P
he crashed into fluttershy lol
WHAT THE
I just noticed this...
The fuck is this?
copyright shmopyright
No idea
I need the name of this vid!
11,02I honestly don't know any Brony songs to reccomend :/
i wanna see a stairway to heaven PMV
11,02I don't really listen to them .-.
SuperBrony64: Omipony or livingtombstone...
SuperBrony64: . :( Who here have a good sense about brony music then?
I recommend the likonan remic of Discord Eurobeat
Didnt the pied piper kidnap children?
Dat Pooh
Rule 69 of the internet: There is a PMV of every song ever, and if there isn't, one is being made
Think
poo bear?
decent premise, but got dbz-ish in its length
CSI:Equestria
00,10only after the town refused to pay him
Its still dark
I mean what the shit did he do with the kids?
/me Rolls around the caht
*chat
Oh, i never saw dbz sadly
11,02Kawaii_icybeauti: Idk any of their songs ><
Popcorn! :D
this seems familiar
Good music! :)
/me Rolls over otakon
haven't heard this in a long time...
<3 Love Popcorn song
/me dodges teh roll
0,14one day, I'll work up the courage to ask more people for cosplay pics
PIRATE!
11,02Le Cafe - Oldelaf is best brony song imo :3
Lazy town
if you ever do, go for the kai versions, they cut out a lot of the filler
Pirates!!
Alestorm!
PIRATE PONY! :[
SuperBrony64: Omni made the music in epic wub time. and living made the cubstep dishwasher.
i like the pencil sketch version better :p
alestorm cover of a lazytown song
that'S new
Erm SuperBrony64 ...
Scar!
simba
xD
LOOOL
SuperBrony64: That's BEFORE MLP FIM was made. :P
SIIIIMMMBBAAAAA
:(
The Lion King
:D
Scar is a dick
Am I the only one that hears someone whisper "Brother" beofre Mufasa actually says his line?
No the lion queen
-Sarcasm-
Your face!
Sumica: Your face Moskau Version? ;)
This is almost like the anthology.
ouch
HEART
THINK!
Gotta love dat Ed, Edd, and Eddy
captian planet
DIG!
cpt planet lol
Save the planet or I'll fucking kill you
Aww yea Captain Planet~
LUNA
:|
0,5gewdnight bronystaet
Fluttershy being bitchy?
But dat's Rarity's song.
Alright :P
Later BaconMane
Good night BaconMane =3
G'night BaconMane
Night BaconMane :)
nite BaconMane
dabi pls, its yur song
nite :D
I still love how PinkiePieSwear is back now
11,02Night BaconMane :D
Fluttershy...?
0,5ill be back tomorrow with more bacon
SaxyPretender: You mean like, ask to take thier picture?
such splendid music
Bitch please
LOVE MEEEEEEEE
Reused joke is reused
0,14yeah
o_o
pokemon
o.O
0,14I'm pretty shy about that sort of thing
lol
wat?
That Rarity PMV is great
lol pokemom reference
:(
Dat Brentalfloss
Is this Anthology II?
0,14I always feel like I'm bothering them
People LOVE it tho :P
magmablock: Far from it
magmablock, no
no
0,14I know >.<
magmablock: Nope. It would have had the 8bit intro
Especially if they worked hard on it, lol
BUTTERFLY
No Anthology II has somewhat higher quality humor
I just got here
THAT DDR
00,10I need to find that one dari, it's not in the colection.
Dat song = high chance of getting dropped by youtube
0,14it's even worse if the cosplayer is attractive
yes FlutterShy you my butterfly
ehmagawd childhood..AMVs:(
Sumica: You've been finding new material? =3
that's half the thing about cosplay, if people don't ask for pictures, you feel like you didn't do a good job
Oh damn, i dont have a problem if theyre attractive :D
ASS
wtf? angel beats isnt on youtube??
Ok thats getting old
Vordox, what do you mean?
Sumica: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D1FE7yHGcAw&feature=related
00,10I try to every week Vordox
sWatch out for that.. Pinkie!
mortal combat!!!!
and you go into it expecting to spend half the day taking pictures
Exactly what kirz says
PONY COMBAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Crimson_Phoenix: Butterfly = One of the most taken down songs on youtube
Mortal Combat!
0,14yep
Mortal Pony 2
Vordox, that's sad
WOMBO COMBOOOOOO!
00,10problem is most the new stuff is well, not that great.
it's a great tune
one of my fave in DDR
0,14however, people can overdo it
Pfft, I knew someone was going to say that.
00,10and i keep forgeting to go through the old bronystate list.
8bit theme
True
YAY ^-bit SONG
Hey everypony, what're we watching? :D
6 i meant
Sumica: Classics = Material still <3
6-bit!
My response is MUH_P1E
Hey Tyler_The_Creator Somthing :P
0,14had a buddy go as Riku from KH
0,14...fangirls EVERYWHERE
Like if you stand there for an hour :D
Ooooh! Mythbusted! <3
HELL YEAH!
Oh hello Adam Savage
Oh my...
mythbusters! :D
LOL
oh, mythbusters?
SuperBrony64, now that's silly
hot dog
YAYAYAYAYAY
HELL YEAH!
I love this show!
I LOVE THE STREAMER!
11,02i liek silleh :3c
YESH! Me and Slenderman approve.
INDIANA JONES MOVIE MYTHS!
oh mythbusters...Never got around to watching them..But what was the name of that last vid?
THIS STREAM IS NOW 100% COOLER
that's why you do either the first or last day out of cosplay if you're doing the full con
Lawl Poor Cathy :D
HELL YEAH!
Mythbusters, Twilight Sparkle, and Rainbow Dash
Mythbusters how does sugar work on Pinkie Pie
0,14yep
Yeah
Now BRB shower :P
SpadeMagnes[R]: 100000% cooler, actually xD
I wanna see adam as a brony
BEST SHOW EVER!
>"one day, i'll work up the courage to ask more people for cosplay pics"
higher chances of NASA employees always helps
which I plan to do for megacon again this year :)
Brony2447: oh it honestly wouldn't surprise me
lol
And now I won't sleep. :D
Who did you pan on going as kirz?
someone should email him and ask maybe he will reply
Vordox: Remember, sleep is for the weak.
:P
00,10mythturns first eps
Ah hello Grant
20 hours?
Kawaii_icybeauti: I eat every other day, I sleep about 4 hours a day
oh wow
Been doing this for over 2 and a half week or so now
Vordox: You're a true man!
GRANT PONYHARA
Sumica: wait this is the very first ep?
Kawaii_icybeauti: No, I'm dying.. XD
*plan
Sumica: AWESOME!
Sumica: lag test ping sorry
myth clusters w00t
Grant <3
Nice :)
that looked like ROBOTWARS!!!
blue team though, since 90% are red team
at least around here
Ah the sinking boat
00,10it was CloudWisher
00,10Grant was a champion of robotwars
I want to see robotwars now
Sumica: Yep
Just be sure to have a orange cap on the end of your gun or theyll be all over your ass :D
This is scary...
Sumica : i miss Metilda and sir Killalot
Mica lag test
CloudWisher: Agree, Matilda. <3
yeah, I'll be going over all the rules before I put something together
Sumica: thought that robot looked familar
okay heard it that time
HOLY SHIT CHICAGO ORCHESTRA THING!
11 seconds
I fucking hate the Titanic.
ah shit, titanic
my parents still dont want me watching that
me as well
Its dull
0,14I think AB is notorious for being super strict
Mythtanic. :D
I hate it because ames Cameron is a massive prick
Vordox : indeed Matilda was really a force to be reacnt with
i agree
James*
00,10I still bust up lauging every time I see the guy hit he prop and cartwheel all the way down when I watch that movie
They sould do a brony episode. Like ask "How does pinkie pie always break the fourth wall?"
WHOA
Dat suck
Lol Sumica
that part is fucking halarious
Id like to go as Medic :D
00,10Kawaii_icybeauti, there is a comic for that
0,14they even have a no signs rule
Kawaii_icybeauti: Trying to figure that out would destroy all of reality
Er...
Act all crazy like too
00,10pinkie+ caffeene
Adam...
Wut??
that's silly
Yeah comes to think of that..Can't be answered :P
WHAT?!
how to reply?
As in no "Free Hugs" or any sign?
Vordox: new name for Metilda is Pinkietilda
0,14yep
But it's TRUE!
somica: holy crap that will be awesome!
00,10Brony2447, type part of the name then hit tab
0,14only exception is if it's a part of the costume
One of their best myths
There IS suction based on the movement of the boat that get sunks based on it's mas.
ok thx
Mass*
0,14and you need to have a pic handy to prove it
0,14and even THEN
0,14they might still take it
Vordox: Well to be honest they didnt have a cruiser to work with
Dang... o_o
Also, a side dive is NOT suction based on a force... ._:
Whats so bad about signs?
Sumica: thx im testing it
Oh yeah I saw that guy on an alchatrez doc. His number was 666 and broke out of it.
We're talking front or back of the boat pull,
0,14soliciting or something like that
O_o
00,10they later changed the test and proved it to be true Vordox
Sumica: Thank you.
0,14Yeeep
Sumica: I forgot this was a earlier episodes. :P
I loved this one
This about me and cosplay is... I would want to match the character well :D I wouldnt be able to copy Medic's accent
00,10this is seasion 3 ep 12
seasion
How many total episodes are there?
00,10not sure
Seasons?
Vordox: A lot. Just... a lot
00,10I have up to seasion 7
0,14ah, yeah, characterization is another thing
O.o DAMN they ahve been around
Vordox: i think they like just hit 200
since I've been working for most of my life to not have a southern accent
00,10I want to say they are on seasion 11
Always wanted to be that one guy that goes as a Stormtrooper :P
I want to say higher
But I really don't know :P
Florida doesnt really have an accent :O
there's a lot of them
plausibble fck yea
the 501st shows up to a lot of the cons now
I moved up here fearing everyone would sound so different :D
male and female...haaa
okay guys hate to say it
but I'm out for now
Luckily my family is hillybilly-like, so i can do the accent Easily
it's about 1 am
anypony have any name suggestion for a fan pony?
00,10later otakon
Bai otakon
Righto. Cya otakon
so I'll see you all later take care, Sumica thanks man for the stream
Brony2447: You mean an OC? or actually a fan pony name?
DANCE BLAICHI DANCE
Grant Cathy and Tory <3
Carrie*
Night otakon
Let the mythbusters handle the dangerous shit
0,14not sure I have an accent when I speak in English
/me tosses funsnaps at Sumica
Kawaii_icybeauti: just a name
Vordox : i loved RobotWars
Wat
and, lol, its becuz being a stormtrooper is easy. cover your whole body, and no ned to talk, haha
00,10wow that scope was way off
That was horrible aim
Brony2447: Besides brony? Hmm...
0,14and be unable to aim XD
Of course! :D
With the Heat + Speed burn with a projectile made of ice?
Sumica: It was probaly the bullet's fault
Wouldn't the ice shatter from the heat and explosive? >_>
hah
I say this is Plausible Ice Projectile
00,10actaly it's a plot element of the movie WalkerPony89
there are a few Halo Spartans running around now too
Kawaii_icybeauti: i really want something that could be in the show you know?
0,14OOOH
Sumica: Ah. That's kinda kewl, actually
00,10the guy was set up.
o.OI
Brony2447: Gawd, that's actually a hard one....
Yeah :P
Careful Tory O:o
Damn it tory
Lemme think this over in the shower. BRB
00,10tory is always geting hurt
let me grab a pic I took
Sumica: He's my favourite :D
Brony2447, what's the color scheme?
Anyone remember the red wagon and the bike?
Kawaii_icybeauti: well dont worry about it ill find a name :)
WalkerPony89: Oh yea
:o
SpadeMagnes[R]: Hilarious :D
00,10yep
00,10where he thought he could bunny hop the wagon
have one where the flash negated the tint on the helmet, so you can see the guy's face in there
13http://i.imgur.com/Ye8mS.gif
Crimson_Phoenix: green and red
Sumica: Yup. Then he massively failed
To be fair to tory they egged him on
Must... check... Discor Hooves tumblr...
Daw
can I see it?
Shizuka: <3
Oh wow
Brb
00,10oh shizu found my new tf2 spray
SO ADAWABLE
Damn... no updates
OH
GOD
THIS
Crimson_Phoenix: if i can find it....
:D
Shizuka: D'AAAAAWWWWW
http://i.imgur.com/E3L3c.jpg?1
http://i.imgur.com/mLXHJ.jpg?1
Eh, if the kick is well placed....it could.
At least you'd think.
Crimson_Phoenix: gotta message my friend
00,10weakist part of a door lock is the doorframe.
Inb4 Laughs
CriticKitten: And if you were well in shape
Sumica: Material
Yup.
00,10yep
I thought so.
00,10right there, see how he split the frame
The frame isn't exactly built to withstand a lot of abuse.
Crimson_Phoenix: my friend scrapped it said it was waste of time so now i have no pony :(
00,10best thing to keep the door shut. is those angled bracebars.
Oh this one was hilarious
I miss Buster
He suffered alot of abuse through the seasons
SpadeMagnes[R]: He's still around. :D
0,14oooh, Hazop helmet with left Hazop shoulder, right Security shoulder and Breaker wrist attachment for the first one
You'd have to use some damn strong cable.....and the object you latch it to would need to be able to withstand a LOT of force. >_>
0,14deeerp, Recon not Hazop
uh cars in that age were much much sterdier
Oh Adam..you so silly
Pr 4
XD
oh, its the pseudophysics show
0,14and second is MK V[B] helmet with UA attachment, MK V [B] chest, Breacher wrist, Para left shoulder, I THINK Gugnir right shoulder
Dat chain
0,14and the Gravity
The chain one is the best one.
GIRLY CHAIN > Physics
0,14Hammer
Manliest lock
13the chain is holding cause it's just above where he's applying the force
OH hello chucky
13if it were centered where his shoulder is hitting, it'd rip out quick
0,14...I've played too much Halo Reach
0,14>.>
lol
00,10the chain held longest because the rest took the abuse first
That's a good point actually, Shizu.
0,14but those are awesome cosplays
13that too
Shizuka: I love how those commen knowledge in physics is fun to put in practice. :D
can anypony make me a fan pony? PLLEEAASSEE :(
13everything else was closer to his center of force
oh, i'll make you a fan pony
I broke a chain lock once :S
Almost every normal door lock is useless. Just what I wanted to hear :P
give me a second
I'm still staring at that Derpy gif
Godking_Buytoast: thank you thank you! :D
Fowmph
was the gell really necessary?
I suppose
but does gel have the same conductance. its the water in the human body that makes it conduct afaik
00,10inb4 ponymaker eh Godking_Buytoast?
cratorkid: Gell = Almost humans
i don't use that ponymaker thing
WHoa
o.o
i draw my shit
The gell they use has the same conductive property as humans
WOW
Vordox: yes , but did they need it to get the readings?
0,14and you take good pictures
cratorkid: Yes
Peewee
/me curses his shoddy Bronycon album
aaaaaah
>:3
00,10the hair iron would be painfull as hell.
o.o
JESUS
Now...
13i used to play bass for PUMPING DEATH
Where do you have your Iron? THE TOILET ROOM :D
00,10lol Shizuka
Godking_Buytoast: so how can we get in contact so i can see it when ure finished?
Vordox: Shit man, I keep my irons in my bathroom! Who doesn't?
i'll link it
don't you worry
WalkerPony89: hur hur hur
Godking_Buytoast: thx man it means alot
It's gonna give.
Dat damn Chain :D
00,10lol
Man those cosplays are awesome!
HA
LOL
Hahaha
13YOU HAD ONE JOB
DAMN IT PEOLE
00,10adim wont worry about personal safty
LOOL
pff
BWHUAHUAHUAHUHAUH
FAIL
lul
Wow
Pretty strong for that age
Oh i remember this
Back from my shower
this makes me think of Goldust :3
Nice!
that must be unpleasant
Well, ive got to head out. You all take it easy :P
have a good night
0,14later RaveBrony
WalkerPony89: Compared to Adam? :D
Bed time, good night everypony! :)
bye RaveBrony
mica
...
awww yeah
RaveBrony: bye! :)
mica
XD
oh my
OH my indeed
Good timing on those.
Vordox: Adam might be badass, he's not THAT badass :P
She's a shining star
:D
Breath it and cut your lungs
G'night RaveBrony
WalkerPony89: He's the goof, easily
0,14I have an idea
yeah?
0,14NASA lady x NASA Mohawk Guy
Vordox: Well of course he's the goof. He's a great goof too
BEST JOB EVER
pffffft
not enough yes is coming out of my mouth
I cant stop laughing
YES
THIS ONE
I love this one. :D
0,14ikr?
This myth is world famous
it is? ive never eard of it
00,10thats because she was.
...mfw its 1 oclock
0,14their children will be destined for legendary things
i should go to bed
yep
night guys
i hope it wasnt dubstep
indeed they are Saxy XD
seems legit
Do you think this was actually true or it was just luck?
Brony2447: I came up with a name!
hmm
Kawaii_icybeauti: what is it?
ah, mythbusters <3
well the radiowaves need to be converted to eltrical waves via electromagnetics
00,10hehe farday cage.
Awwww.
D:
Brony2447: We should name the pony Ahmid. That's the name of the guy who wrote the article that practically started the fanbase. It's genius!
i wouldnt expect it to be true
Kawaii_icybeauti: Which pony?
what chu guys talking about?
doesnt really make sense
yeah get in there
Kawaii_icybeauti: sounds awesome! thx!
Kawaii_icybeauti, what fanbase?
Vordox: He wants to make a fan made charecter that could possibly be in the show. Besides derpy and stuff
Kawaii_icybeauti: Who?
Crimson_Phoenix: He started the brony. You know the little article "The end of the creater driven era?"
Again o.o
Uh oh.
00,10adam walks in
Kawaii_icybeauti, hehehehehe....hahahahaha....HAHAHAHAH
she gonna explode
LOL
HAHAH
great...
wait, you're talking about THAT article? that was like last year
Kawaii_icybeauti, yeah no
OOOH ADAAAM
13aaaaand adam walks in
NOOOOO
This started the spark on 4chan, yall remember this http://www.cartoonbrew.com/ideas-commentary/the-end-of-the-creator-driven-era.html
Kawaii_icybeauti, nope and no
13awww
Kawaii_icybeauti: And the pony?
LOL
Kawaii_icybeauti, you're wrong
13adam ever the optimist
Crimson_Phoenix: Come on, it's genius. We can't use brony because that would be to obvi...I swear it's perfect.
Kawaii_icybeauti, that's not how Brony started
hehehe
So, wow, the paint might actually do something. O.o
00,10they are all trying to hide boners
4chan is my second idea though.
WHAT'S THIS?
Myth Busters
it's Mythbusters , buddy
THIS IS SO AWESOME!
13the toools or nothin
scientific lol.
FOR SCIENCE!
dat ass
Kawaii_icybeauti, you're also missing the concept of what Brony2447 want
FOR PONY
Kawaii_icybeauti: I find this.... very very.. "untrue"?
For Ponies
No volunteers?
Can't imagine why
he wants something that could fit in the show, not something that would represent the fanbase
Yes.Applejack
Crimson_Phoenix: good point
CriticKitten wimps
13http://i.imgur.com/bITM2.png dat appropriate reddit thread
Brony2447, you just need to have a noun and a verb
Shizuka ahahaha
Shizu: LOL
it's a very common scheme name in MLP
Ah dang gotta refresh
00,10Mars busted
Crimson_Phoenix: Common, but not rereuired.
Meh, you'd cover yourself with your arms though
required*
Crimson_Phoenix: hmm...when i see my pony oll think of it thx
You wouldn't just plank through a window
Brony2447: Show your pony :P
Plank?
Dang, that took me a shwoer to think....Then a pony name......Kinda stumped...
Vordox, he can't
....
Crimson_Phoenix: Why not?
Welp
Vordox: someones gonna make me one
Seriously? XD
O_o
Brony2447: Oh, any sketch design?
Brony2447, you could use the pony creator
00,10notice carry is no where to be seen.
Condom blood bags. Wow. The More You Know.~
She's already the alicorn that's used everywhere.
Crimson_Phoenix: linkme
condoms are so useful
there she is
00,10she gets squemish with blood.
Sumica: You mean Kari?
why not just use a jelly dummy and look at the scratches
Sumica: and pigs
DOUBLE RAINBOOM EPISODE WOOO
twilight_sprinkle eh, not that fun withoput blood
._.
O.o
WHOA
I remember that one.
Sumica: Kari hates meat, not blood
I love this episode.
The quicksand myth is a good one.
THEY'RE SECRETLY TEACHING US THINGS
00,10meat and blood
Beats science class anyday.
LOL!
Why am I wearing this stupid pith helmet?
i thought it was because of the air stored in the san
*sand
13http://i.imgur.com/osxXH.gif daww
twilight_sprinkle: Nah :P
Kawaii: Pft, if I taught science I'd use Mythbusters. >_>
lowfn My high scool physics teacher loves mythbusters, he even showed us some episodes t othe class
Shizuka: Cute but...
D:
CriticKitten: /)
I've seen every episode where each myth shown so far has came from
Shizu: Dem hugs. :D
Dken2021: AWESOME!!! ?)
When do all of you start school again. I start after labor day.
mythbusters arent good scientists...
Drown you bastard
drown u bastard lol
SpadeMagnes: (\
Their quicksand doesn't look very good.
Well to be fair they could die
Oh....
oh god
Oh puns
BUSTER! :D
I doubt movie style quicksand exists in real life anyway
WHY SLAP HIM TORY!?
Busted?
Ew.
Grusome
mm tasty
MM JELLAT
jelllloooooo
JALLAY
Also, condoms!
condoms...ewie
its like a jellybear, only human, and with blood
Kawaii_icybeauti: Condoms are goo :P
and with condoms
Good*
Vordox: I know they keep women like me from getting pregnant, I'm talking bout the bags.
Oooh, people should make gummy bears with sour blood
softly , yea
13adam just HAPPENS to drop by
Kawaii_icybeauti: It... doesn't look nice, I agree :D
lol
Meh
As I said, you'd cover yourself with your arms
head first?
Who would penguin dive into some glass?
INB4 SPLAT
BUSTED?
well ofc if you dive headfirst you gon die.
Shizu: Adam is always around for the best stuff it seems. XD
Crimson_Phoenix: srry i dced relink me
What...
Fine?
00,10the dummy has a buldge
....wow
Ooo, mythbuster OC would be a good idea...
No cuts?
XD Damnit Sumica
Dummy boner
o.O
Kawaii_icybeauti: Already exists I think
mica lol
No way.
zombies
this is the longest episode i ever saw 0.o
theyre gonna kill Adam and see if he comes back from the dead
Didn't he freak out in that episode?
Didn't Houdini do that as a trick?
._.
00,10no longer then normal
Several Tons Of Truck Barf.
13and some explosize
Kawaii_icybeauti: He did alot. But I wonder...
00,10it's a 48min ep
I don't think I'd be able to do that.
13explosives
oh
13to catapult the box out of the dirt
13just in case
Explosives are in every experiment.
Vordox: I read he would do that. He would get buried alive and somehow escape the tomb
It's just assumed.
I would be scared to death
Kawaii_icybeauti: All dem tricks... <3 Classics
Vordox: Yes, houdini was truley a master.
.....
weell, their show may not be nearly as scientific or precise as they try to make it look, but damn these guys are extreme
It's a steel casket. ._.
CriticKitten: Yet still bends :P
It's buckling that fast?
WOW.
Its steel! It should of lasted!
dirt beats stell man
this some kind of rerun episode?
It buckled hard.
Adam was dissapointed. :D
not sure which that is
They busted Buried?
but they didnt even prove it its their fault the material was crappy
Bam i saw blood.
Shatter DAT GLASS!
Sumica: :D
they busted that myth by not actually doing it, wow...
Nekkid
0,14the one with the suicidally depressed teacher that goes "I'M IN DESPAIR"
LAWL
Damnit Tory :D
So they're throwing him through the glass without skin now? XD
twilight_sprinkle: Put to rest(To be continueed?)
BUSTED PLEASE
Vordox: didnt they say it was busted?
o.O
Oooooh
0,14teaches a classroom of misfits
0,14hilarity ensues
he's pretty dead man
Wow
Dat Latex skin was THAT good?
00,10Tory trying to not grab the buldge
Thank god for my skin.*Kisses skin*
Is he dead? I don think so.
well clothing might help you in a very tiny way
Yeah he is.
OMG I love Mythbusters!
SpadeMagnes[R]: im not saying they shouldve done it, im saying they have no right to say its busted
morning everypony...OMG MYTHBUSTERS!
MythBusters = Mlp:Fim
toys for big boys.
morning HatchetRyda
but he didnt sustain any damage the firs time
Yes, because he had no arms or skin or clothing.
Haha from a game "She's got a soft side for bass players"
>_>
PuddingCupz: Mythbusters > MLP: FiM
damnit micheal..
Go see micheal bay
a few...?
>quite a few
EXPLOSIONS!!!!!!!!!!!!:[
>every episode has an explosion
Fave Hub Show: Mlp:Fim (Forgot What channel this is) MythBusters
EVERY
EPISODE
It isnt mythbusters with out an explosion
Let's try this at home
Sumica: Down boy down
Huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuh
PuddingCupz Discovery channe;
CriticKitten: <3 And we love it
Godking_Buytoast: so hows the pony goin?
Oh Ty Dken2021
CriticKitten: It's glass. I'm pretty sure skin and clothing isn't gonna help against giant shards of glass. Also, odds are the glass would still get past his arms and fuck up his torso
After long time on google, i have found how to get an OC desktop pony yay!
00,10smokeing for science
i just finished actually
give me one second
Hmm...
Lol!
O_O
thats alot
Nope
...
00,10Eulshy, it's not that hard so long as you can art
WalkerPony89: The first test showed no lacerations at all when he had skin. :P
good morning :)
WalkerPony89: it would help if youre not diving headfirst into, and covering yourself with arms. also he sustained no damage at all the first time
Sumica, I can't art, but my solution is the brilliance in itself!
NOS exploded awesome
Godking_Buytoast: cool cant wait to see it!
I hope there was no people in there that episode. I forgot.
morning daring_derpy
Anyone remember Earl the caddie?
Yay spoldy time!
00,10recolor, Eulshy?
WalkerPony89: In the second test they removed his skin and doubled the thickness of the glass. Of COURSE it'll do damage. He has nothing protecting him at all.
No spark = No fire
Nope, found someone doing requests, Sumica
i'd never get too close to a car that just got shot
http://i.imgur.com/1cWsl.jpg there you go, there's your fan pony
00,10oh nice Eulshy
Oh this one
I LOVED this one
POWDA BOMB!!!
Mmhmm
twilight_sprinkle: You'd still get seriously injured if you'd have your arms up. I have no defence against him survive the first glass window unhurt, they should of called the myth plausible
Where did the truck go?
I parked it RIGHT here
00,10also Vordox, needs right air fule mixture
....and then they blew up the mixer.
Godking_Buytoast: *facehoof
yay, the most famous expirement
Sumica: Well vapored gas IS flammable beyond all
13http://fav.me/d5ah4vo
WalkerPony89: i dont know if it would serious, also theres a factor of luck, and they were proving if you could survive it, not leave undamaged
LAWL
Not even a BRUISE of the Cement
XD
They need some HEAVY explosive to get that out...
Wow.
Twister 2 Was a Loser 2
twilight_sprinkle: Well their results were that he got seriously injured, so they gotta go by their results
Pfft
00,10light bulb~
.... light Bulb...?
And then they blew up the mixer
LOL
........
KNEW IT
Fuck.
I wanna see some xplosion!
PONIE RUN
WalkerPony89: yeah, because it dived head in and stayed perpendicular to the glass..
Boom
BOOM BOOM TIME
Kawaii_icybeauti: Enough for you? XD
BOOM
WOOOO
holy shiet
damn
O_O
13they dropped a nokia from orbit
LOL
The truck exploded
god damn!
cHOLY SHIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET
WOOOOOOOOO
NO MORE MIXER
I love that sound of explosion <3
It farted
00,10I still prefer the rocket sled test to the cement mixer
ther's nothing left
i loved the sound it made..
not much fireworks though
BaBoooooooooom
The truck didn't even explode. It was there one second, and GONE the next, replaced with this explosion.
Sumica: that poor car was atomized
ew
Oh adam you so silly
magic!
0,14ah that was fun, Sumica
lol
0,14there one moment, PWHOOM the next
anypony think assassins creed should have pony version?
no
Yeah
ponify everything!
Maybe.
plausibble bi!
00,10the rocket sled plow was also a good one.
CriticKitten: "I replace that reality with my own"
imagine a pony doing parkour :D
00,10where they split a car in half
/me claps
/me bravo bravo!
/me claps
also, did i do well enough for you fan pony boy?
you mean clop right?
You can't clap with hooves
/me clops
^
00,10ewww Vordox
clopclopclop
00,10get a room man
Yay classic <3
twilight_sprinkle: How else were they gonna do it? Make it so he slid around so that his side slamed into the glass? That would be interesting to test, actually, but I but that was'nt their goal and I dont think they were gonna make more dummies to test that
*nods head in agreement
Sumica: A room for myself? :D
more like disintegrated sumi :S
oh it's the first time I've seen YTPMV here
damn that song gets me hyper
Kawaii_icybeauti: This one is a classic of the old. <3
0,14well, I'm off to bed
WalkerPony89: they couldve thrown him on their own
Good night SaxyPretender
0,14good night everyone and enjoy the stream
00,10night SaxyPretender
take care SaxyPretender
night SaxyPretender~
bye SaxyPretender
SaxyPretender: Goodnight
Tune is familiar....
MUST STEAL ALL CUPCAKES!!!!!! MUHAHAHAHAHAHAH :[
Night SaxyPretender sleep well :)
take care sexypretender
Eulshy: Alot of the songs used are well known meme songs
nite SaxyPretender
I have heard tis song, but what's the title.
nite saxy
remember when there was no season two?
twilight_sprinkle: Sometime diving and someone being thrown are two different things. I'm pretty sure the myth was that the guy slid anyway
Kawaii_icybeauti: We've had ALOT of YTP here, lately atleast. Scoot Scootaloo, Sumica, Nittany included, some even from Prince Dari, or ValtheJean
good night SaxyPretender
cool
lol has anypony came up with legit name for my pony?
Fan Flaps
there
WalkerPony89: my main point is that it wasnt busted, and that there experiments are too imprecise to actually prove anything
you know one that fits with show
*their
Brony2447 you can't come up with a name yourself?
you can praise me for my artistic genius
oh wait derp
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qVMhPh-fw2I <--- Current Video
Youtbe poop. Where there's MY LITTLE PONIES! They pinch back :P
Sorry Mica. just to give the link away
i was gonna do it myself :P
Brony2447: Lightningrunner?
Vordox: no streams during links!!!11!
twilight_sprinkle: :D
twilight_sprinkle: I wouldn't say so impresice that you couldn't draw a conclusion. And I do agree that the myth should of been plausiable
CloudWisher: say what?
WHo is streaming
PuddingCupz: Simi
00,10would play tons of PMV's before new eps.
*Sumi
CloudWisher, Light Runner sounds better
PuddingCupz: Sumica: Check the OC pony. :)
Ok
dance sumi dance
yeah that
Sumica: We'll have those soon again. S3!
this is so awesome!
LightRunner
WalkerPony89: id say its very imprecise, they always make too many compromises
and Brony2447 you said Red and green?
hello
00,10true Vordox
Crimson_Phoenix: yes
lali-ho VictimsRage
Next Month = NEW PONIES!
fire pinkie
00,10but that would meen my doing all nighters again.
:OOOOOOOOOOO
Vordox: Where'd you hear this?
Sumica: And that's different from now...how?
Vordox : dont troll okay is ir true?
/me Is so excited abut season 3 he feals like shouting (Fluttershy voice) "woohooooo"
WalkerPony89: They said it was not August.
guys think of something that could fit Green and Red
00,10I actaly go to bed before mindnight now Vordox
Then it means the next month :)
/me is also Excited about season 3
I HEARD. DERPY IS GETTING HER .
Sumica: But it's... 8 AM here soon.. O.o
cOWN
Vordox: I thought they said beyond August, and that they would announce it 4 weeks in advance
DERPY IS GETTING HER OWN
EPISODE!!!!!
SB kept me up past 4:00 AM with South Park :P
00,10timezones are magnets
I HEARD THIS FROM THE HUB
Kinda new here how is everpony?
PuddingCupz that is probably a rumor
^
PuddingCupz: You are not kidding....Are you?!
PuddingCupz: i heard she wont actually
So you go to bed in about 1 hour?
PuddingCupz, screencap, source, article
S:
PuddingCupz: Hate to burst your bubble, but that was a wiki troll. And a bad one at that
D:
I won't believe a single word
VictimsRage: im good and welcome! im sorta new too :D
VictimsRage ello there, doing well, yourself
?
I hate the internet
PuddingCupz: Derpy is not getting her own episode.
BAD INTERNET. -Slaps its butt-
Brony2447, new to the fandom?
PuddingCupz: She's "Scared"
Hi VictimsRage I'm good :3
PuddingCupz: blame Soccer moms. :P
doing good kinda tired
what is the name of the video?
Crimson_Phoenix: yeah thats why i needed help eith fan pony
PuddingCupz: You slapped the Interents plot O.O
http://youtu.be/Ix7vrluEm4E
00,10that's one thing that still supprises me is new fans after 2 years
Sumica: The 5 brony types Mica :P
00,10true
5 brony types?
OH! Mica! Do you have that presentation?
and depending on the new season, maybe even more fans than before
From Bronycon with the researchers?
00,10no
5,hmmm you mean like in stable and out?
Sumica: I became a brony in Feb :P
goddamniiiit, that reminds i had a great brony psychology page until my chrome crashed D:<
Sumica: REALLY interestin things they take up
The fandom still impresses me to this day
Didn't become a fan til after season 1, the summer after
Going to ask Phase4 To show it later if it's okay. =3
yet alot of it also angers me
00,10same here Eulshy
So its a dual thing
I became a Brony back in the 1880s... I win :P
00,02sudden ping
Back
Sumica : Show PICUTRE PERFECT PONY!!!
1980!*
Oh yeah. On the 22nd IT WILL BE HALF A YEAR SINCE I BECAME A BRONY! :D
Vordox heheh O U
Crimson_Phoenix: thx :D
time to mute
call me when it;'s safe
oh boy Be prepared?
00,10watched the first eps on aug1
My annoversary has passed already. It was in about June.
with a crappy singer?
Sumica: its realy not that surprising, i mean theres new fans of star trek and doctor who all the time and those serires have been around for long long time
OH GOD IT*S THIS SONG <3
I became a brony around the time of Season 2
Feb 22nd 2012 was the day I became a brony :P
shadow bolts are sad :C
So... huzzah
he just wanted a muffin
I became a brony so long ago that I lost my "Bronyhood" so I'm not a brony anymore. :P
Meow
what Disney movie was the song agian?
And I have been on bronystate for 3 months and 2 days know :P
CloudWisher: Lion King
CloudWisher, Lion King
Vordox: dafuq?
kinda came to the fandom around november last year, got a tweet to proove it
Be Prepared by Scar
Lion King BEST DISNEY MOVIE EVER IN MY OPONION
Brony2447: It's a principle.
oh yeah scares song
Vordox: umm ok....
Quick_Thinker: EXACTLY!
Brony2447: Blame MLP G2 G3 and G3.6 :P
urgh
oh this is the LK refernece,
this is aweful
well its not that diabolcial when you take away the death of mufasa
Brony2447: I swore to avoid it forever until I heard of G4 back in S1
00,10well by vordox defination I was one all along
00,10as i watched g1
Vordox: so you were brony before there were even bronys?6_9
imprisonment is not as evil as bucking murder
Sumica: (\
Brony2447: Pretty much
Vordox: oh ok
Sumica was a brony before it was cool
Sumica the Hipster Brony :S
00,10hey kids could not be picky. there was only a few cartoons on a day
Hipster_Brony
^
Hah.
urhg
seriously Lion King took risk by showing kids murder and damn did it leave an impact
Sumica: I watched stuff here you guys NEVER heard of that's beyond awesome for those age
just watched the finale of angel beats, omg was it sad
I really don't like this video
wouldn't that term be an oxymoron?
Hipster_Brony is the hipsterest of all bronies
anypony seen howls moving castle?
I dont find this impressive either Crimson_Phoenix
is it safe now?
:'(
I was into G3 as a little girl...I'm sorta hipster...
Like for instance, WHO HERE HAVE HEARD of HeathCliff the cat?
has the terror ended?
Yay.
seriously Lion King took risk by showing kids murder and damn did it leave an impact
MORE HUZZAH
Quick_Thinker, murder was up way before Lion King I'm pretty sure of that
'Yay":( :3
thank goodness
more mythbusters!
Jayce and the Wheeled Warriors? Pole Position? BraveStarr?
OH we could go Anime
well at least there were gloomy moment in a lot of Disney movies
Candy Candy, Sailor Moon, Balatack, Cyborg 009?
Vordox: lol are you replyin to me?
00,10seen em all Vordox
You name it, I've mostly heard/Seen it :P
Mytherbusters!
<3 Sumica
Yeah! MythBusters
Vordox: Ponyo?
Brony2447: The original Novel or the movie?
Vordox: movie
Brony2447: Of course. :P
/me eats fries while watching MythBusters
damn no brown noise...:(
/me Is hungry now ;~;
pretty sure that's possible
Kawaii_icybeauti: Brown Noise? L.o
yeah
o.o
Vordox: secret world of areietti?
Hey everyone!
Brony2447: Heard of but not seen.
Brb. PuddingCupz made me hungry
Brony2447: The brown noise started in south park.
Lol
lali-ho klkui9879899
Vordox: so good
i'M new here :)
Brony2447: Oh, it's from 2010
Vordox: should watch it
annnd another new pony..
:)
Haven't seen many of the new stuff. :P
Dken2021: Hola
ah, well welcome dear fellow
00,10it's alot older then south park
Vordox: 2009 in japan
heh
Welcome klkui9879899!
WalkerPony89: Thanks friend.
Brony2447: I can't Japanese. :P
WalkerPony89: Do you likke cider?
Hi klkui9879899. You will like it here
Vordox: dubbed...:P
so what happens if you somehow do the same thing to glass as to a human?
00,10oh hi Shamroc, welcome to the herd
klkui9879899: Who doesn't?
Brony2447: Seen Perfect Blue?
PuddingCupz: Thanks
Sumica...really?
WalkerPony89: Discord.
00,10=p
Vordox: no is it good?
WalkerPony89: And diamond tiara
klkui9879899: No prob
Brony2447: It's ..."mind f'cking"
klkui9879899: :O Oh well, he's still awesome
/me facehoofs " Sumica your a silly filly"
Quick_Thinker hopefully the human isn't one a specific frequency
Back.
Brony2447: And I mean "Real life mind f'cking"
Vordox: good mind f*ing or bad?
ow
woo rip headphone users..
my ear got raped
Brony2447: It's Real Life mind f'ck.
There's somthing in my fridge that made me go WTF? O_O
im wearing headphones still alive
Brony2447: Give the trailer a look =P
but im taking them off now
Vordox: ok
Hello, Everypony! How are you?
Me too Quick_Thinker
lali-ho Crono_brony
Vordox: im afraid of it now :(
uhh wut, the spacing IS the frequency
Ponies47: what was it?
/me Is still wearing headphones
Brony2447: Don't be. It's something that's a personal thing. :P
Hai Crono_brony I'm doing great.. and you?
In theory, everything has a resonant frequency.
Vordox: ok lol
That's one heck of a wobble
implode bitch!
00,10look at the rim.
lowfn: I'm doing fantastic!
klkui9879899: Well, shit. I had a welcome video for you, but it was deleated :(
inb4 barrel roll
Such that if you could hit a particular resonance....the connections between the molecules themselves would start to break down.
potato_pony: There was a cup of juice in ym fridge it was frozen but in the middle of it was a bunch of bendy straws rubberbanded together O_O
WalkerPony89: It's ok. I'll just take a long, warm welcome hug :)
At least that's the theory.
*my
bad glass has a lot of tension in it from uneven cooling
CriticKitten: Try and vibrate Diamond :P
Ponies47: da faq
explodes quite easily
potato_pony: My step brother and step sisters are weird
has any trolls ever came to this site or haters?
What about finding the hay in the needle stack?
or the hay in the needle stack
What does her shirt have on it?
Brony2447: all the time, its hilarious
Brony2447: happens, but not too often. they get kicked without discussion
Brony2447 sometimes, though they aren't as effective as they think they are
lol so many replies
Mossfessor
That was the first time I ever heard anthrax..
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ix7vrluEm4E - Welcome Video
Vordox: Like I said, the theory is if you can find the proper resonant frequency on any given item, you could hit it with a particular neutralizing frequency that would break down the molecules. I don't think the theory has ever been proven but it's cool to think about.
Brony2447: PLENTY! I have been here for over 3 months and I hae seen them. If one comes on. just IGNORE them. IGNORE IGNORE IGNORE. The mods will take care of it :P
/me gives klkui9879899 a hug :#
*have
:3
i hate the bronies and i still stick around
HEY
CriticKitten: It sounds VERY plausible
HEY EVERYONE
how's it going!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
they want rock moths and i wan mlp fim!
I can see where this is going.
GodHaytezFags: Great hows it goin with you?
/me facehoogs
GodHaytezFags: Hai, and your name is kinda breaking the rules =P
Buytoast: why u hate :(
I'm turning in people. Night all.
FAGS BREAK DA RULES EVERY DAY
BUT THEY DONT GET BANNED FROM GO
FROM LIFE
Vordox: It would make an amazing military application. Imagine a gun that can fire resonant waves that break down your target at the molecular level.
We just send them to the moon.
GodHaytezFags: banned from cs:go?
because they're a bunch of annoying little buggers that try to force the damned show into every aspect of life
Sumica...whos gettin the kill?
WalkerPony89: thanks :)
wut
well, 90% of them anyways
I love gay people
But my god hates them
nighty Kawaii_icybeauti
Brony2447: pay no mind to buytoast he hates everything and everyone
CriticKitten: I prefer to NOT brign in military in new techs and theories...
/me Facehoofs Brony2447 and drags him over bye his ear "Didn't you just read what I said?"
And so I must hate them
love the name dabi?
Night Dken2021
that's true too
*byw
Spectrum_Rush: ok...
*by
Buytoast ah, I know how ya feel
GodHaytezFags: Well, your name kinda is both ways =P
nite Dken2021
GodHaytezFags: Not based on your standpoint
Vordox: My god is a jealous God
I ain't going yet....
Vordox: But you know if anyone ever created a way to do that, the military would be all over that shit.
GodHaytezFags: Go change your nick please
oh sorry Dken2021 lol
CriticKitten: I know, it's sad.
lul
Brony2447: No, I'm my own god.
GodHaytezFags: God hates FIGS, not FAGS. Silly filly
Brony2447: How long have you been a brony anyways? :P
/me Covers you all in Rasspberry Syrup
It's not GodHatesFagz Anymore
Dashie: That name really? :D
Creative.
Ponies47: since today
And I just took a shower! D:
Vordox: Heh
Dashie: You sure that name is not taken already? O.o
Vordox: Nope
The buck
Vordox: Was wide ope
Wide open*
huh ironically enoough ponies47 i just took a shower too
Brony2447: Well then you have alot to learn about dealing with haters and such.
No password no NOTHIG
That's quite a find you have found then. :D
lol
So what you're saying is....it opened up massive?
Scotty?
Ponies47: i watched a vid on dealing with them
But yeah, My name was Ope. Did't need a PASSWORD at ALL
/me self /)s
CriticKitten: God damn you
Dashie: Had over 10k+ people here that are brony and you found...Dashie to be available
XD
just stay in the 10% of bronies that aren't terrible creatues and you'll be fine
Dashie: Quick! Register it!
Brony2447: OK then. :P
haters are overrated
Vordox: Ok!
11,02Moo o.o
hi SuperBrony64 :)
/me glomps SuperBrony64
Dari: You were typing it out, weren't you?
/me Has his nick registered
/me hugs Jmo4267 back :3
Vordox: How do I register nick?
No, I just can't believe people still remember that.
:P
Dashie: Erm... Ask the mods :P
Meow
Mods! HALP
I require ASSISTANCE
Dari: I remember all sorts of weird shit. :p
/me Hugs dat SuperBrony64 "Why you keep me up till 4:00 AM with South Park alst night!?!" :S
of course they gather biomass
*last
00,10noting is ever forgoten
/me hugs Ponies47 "idk, i sorries ;A;"
Dken2021: Thank you Non-mod :)
Heh
Sumica, only lost
Oh...
That looks nasty...
tasty
Hammer....drill?
everything;s worth overdoing
how to hug ponys?
SuperBrony64: It's fine. :) Nothing like that 1 time I stayed up for 36 hours straight. Everypony warned me and I didn't listen. I crashed so hard :s
11,02So yeah, if anyone was using my Minecraft server today, I think I just lost all of today's work on it ;~;
SuperBrony64: Crash?
SuperBrony64: D:
Brony2447: no particular command, type /me *stuff*
slap chop
twilight_sprinkle: thx :)
/me *stuff*
/me whipser's to Brony2447's ear "type /me in front of a sentence"
my battlement :'(
11,02Lesson learned, never use RAMDisk.
Brony2447: yeah, np, just w/o the * :)
LOL!
SB: Trololo
/me Is upside down
/me drinks chocolate milk while watching mlp
11,02It backed it up, but now it won't mount on my computer.
OK, rEGISTERED
I am now the owner of DASHIE nickname
excellent
valuable lesson, SuperBrony64. could have been worse
Dken2021: Thanks bro
Inb4 famous singer
no prob :D
11,02Yeah, could have lost all of the server work...
:O
NO.
ME GUUUUSTA-
directionality?
11,02But I have a backup that I know works so it isn't an issue.
:| No our tardis work!!?!?!?
o.o
Woah, that was quick.
ouch
:D
Blew through it.
tis called defraction, scientists
SuperBrony64: someone hacked my server and stole it :(
well i have to go now everypony have to go to dentist :(
*diffraction
seeya CloudWisher
/me Has never played Minecraft :$
Oooo, Mythbrs.uste
good thing i haven't been able top get on your minecraft server than
DUDE
LOL http://i.imgur.com/Rqmhz.jpg
Busters*
actually no, defraction
Brony2447, Wow, how did that happen?
The only computer I play now I days is TF2 :p
inb4 they load the glass with explosives
SuperBrony64: is it up now?, kinda wanna see what i'll have to redo
/me Thinks Minecraft is too complicated.
/me Pets SuperBrony64
how can you
wow
is breathing hard too?
CriticKitten: Explosions ARE vibrations... :P
would love to play minecract now, but I'm gonna wait until I get a desktop
Only when an ass called Buytoast is talking about how hard it is
80S MUSIC RHYTHM VIRBATIONS
YES
<3
Marx: idk i jjust started it up and it crashed but i could join it and i asked who owner is and they said this guy had said i stepped down
Vordox: You just want to see them blow something else up.
Dat hair
CriticKitten: Oh it'll happen. :D
lol that 80s hair :D its CMC all over again
Brony2447: Disregard minecraft, acquire ponies.
/me Needs a new computer so badly
Vordox: It always does. They pretty much do it every ep.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGAGAGAGAGGAAGG!!
well it's a good thing i don't talka bout it that often
Wait...
what...
So ummm. WHO HAS A DECEMBER BIRTHDAY!?! :p
Otakon: what about ponies in minecraft?
He's THAT good? O.o
im guessing what the hole did was make the waves more precise
focusing them
Brony2447: Disregard minecraft, acquire ponies.
via defraction
nice
Brony2447: Assimilation into the herd, is inevitable.
xD
this is cheating
excelenmte
11,02Brony2447: I'm sorry :(
Otakon: umm okay :|
I've been using TF2 as filler for the wait of Season 3 :P
Brony2447: All your mane are belong to everypony
wut
Vacuum Myth...?
Is anyone else gonna ignore sleep when new episodes come out?
00,10minelittlepony
SuperBrony64: lol dont worry i play xbox minecraft now thx for support :)
...
VACUUM TO JET ENGINE WHAT?
Man, this episode sucks. *dons his shades*
Pony Fortress 2 :P
Brony2447: Use "Derpy Hooves" as char name in minecraft. You will be surprised.
SpadeMagnes[R] but I needs my sleep
I just play Terraria
CriticKitten: YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
Ponies47: SANDVICH!
Dken2021: Disregard sleep aquire ponies
lol that CSI pun is reminding me of MAD's CSiCarly spoof :D
Mon Petit Poney
00,10useing a trashcan as cover.
what exactly are they trying there?
AFK
lol anyone remember X Play's Game Crackers spoof?
Brony2447: So moist and delicious :3
yay mods
Ponies47: BONK! NO SANDVICH FOR YOU! >:D
Sketch_Toku_Brony, X Play is shit
WHOA
XD
TIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIING!
hahahaha
It was trying to rape her.
Brony2447: Oh you! My guess is you have Steam then? :P
Why did they leave it plugged in is my question?
idk i liked it when it had some funny skits like Johnny Xtreme and Drunk Link oh and Ratty :D
pretty colors
Brony2447: yeah i have gmod
huh so some random luck made them chnage thier mind
OOOOOO PREETY COOOOOLORS!!!! -Touches spark-
Quick_Thinker: :D SCIENCE
OW D:
she wants to bang?
lol i accidently replied to my self :P
She's FLIRTING w/ SCIENCE!
Ponies47: yes i have gmod and hl2
00,10too much gas
Don't tell me what to do. :|
:P
Brony2447: Ah. What's your Steam name? :P
inb4 Dari builds a jet engine at home
How did they qualify to do this and what makes them pro's?
lol
WHOA
dabi pls
Inst ashave
LOL
:D
Vangash by exploding things
00,10video evedence of adam being dumb
I remember that.
Ponies47: legocroc but im not active anymore
How to shave fast
LOL!
Brony2447: Awww. Ok
lol
scientists, folks
That was damn near a hospital visit. XD
Ponies47: do you xboxlive?
night everypony
>sticks mouth near electrical object
nighty superretroworld
00,10tory is like lol wut
BRB
LOL
LAWL
good night superretroworld
bye superretroworld
He is JUST laughing
:D
This guy is like "WANNA START A FIRE LOL"
excellent :]
That is the best shopkeeper ever.
00,10that man is crazy
CriticKitten: Having fun = FUN
he didnt even pay :l
he just got free vacum
he sounds like hank hill
lol meet the REAL Pyro
Its 1;11 AM here but Mythbusters is being streamed.. WHAT DO
Brony2447: Nope I have PS3. No... wait that's my brothers. Well I have no wait that's also my brothers umm... I ONLY HAVE MY PC FOR GAMING! D:
CriticKitten: Lamp Oil, Rope,Bombs? You want it?
Quick_Thinker, in exchange he promote that shop
....
SpadeMagnes[R], Solution: Ponies
inb4 they fill the vacuum with explosives
Ponies47: ohh srry :( i wish i still had it srry
I should be going to bed..but I want to watch this
SpadeMagnes[R]: run in circles screaming with your arms raised
00,10the proved it can happen now to make it do what the myth says.
Brony2447: It's fine :P
SpadeMagnes[R]: and your hair on fire
Not sure the thrust is going to be..."much" thrust...
Ponies47: lol ok :P
lol
>flame-holder
to the moooon!
>implying flames can be "held"
What are you, a firebender?
CriticKitten, Jackie Chan can
to the mooooon!
Rollar Coaster Tycoon why you no work!?! D:
lol this looks like something my older bro would do :D
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GMRW8WK7tsw <<< so peaceful....
Ever notice on this show they need to make it so much more complicated and fail at least twice?
What is the eoman doing? knitting?
Brony2447, no video links during stream
Crimson_Phoenix: That's not fair. Jackie Chan is arguably not even human.
rule #3
00,10tory being dumb agan
OW HANDS
Tory and Adam <3
Crimson_Phoenix: srry :(
Brony2447, that's cool but
Brony2447: You have read the rules right?
Sumica: When is he never?
always considered Tori the butt monkey
Plan B: fill the rig with explosives
CriticKitten: Plan Z = BLOW IT
Lol
Anypony else still have there copy of the first Rollar Coaster Tycoon? :P
apply magma
lol doesnt everyone?
It might go better if she helped out
killerpony7733: no i just joined the stream srry :(
00,10I think I still have it
Ponies47: Somewhere yes
never grew up with roller coaster tycoon
I do. But it doesn't work :(
Plan J: Just say screw it and go get a drink
Brony2447: Welp i suggest you go check the rules then.
I don't like the 3rd one -_-
killerpony7733: im doin now
Lip bubbles?
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Rollar Coaster Tycoon 2 still works for me :P
LOok at the Sound handler
:D
biggest smile
What did i miss?
oh shit.
lol
It was shaking something fierce.
no dice
NEVAH
xD
dat bass
Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
ow my ears
Right
Adam time to sing
Hold your ears
XD
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
ow
oww
No Adam
That has NOTHING to do with it :D
lol
WOW
Whoa
:D!!!!!!
yay
LET ME SEE YOUR WAR FACE
feedback
wow
the POWAH of ROCK
If all else fails get the mallet
THe straw almost jumped out O.o
amplification and a hole
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
the glass's mind wass just blown
Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhheahshhshshshsahahhhhhhhh
I really want to try that
same here
Would be fun to just break glass like that all the time
Me too but if i did my mom would kick me out of the house.
She loves those wine glasses.
i use plastic cups :P
It means nothinh :D
killerpony7733: not fun to pick up
*nothing
lol
LOL
00,10so many duh responces
slimey and unattractive, lol
Dken2021: not to mention pedo
not get tied down and commited lol
wha?
Why are they taking this old saying so seriously?
POOTIS
I AM PAINIS CUPCAKE!
because they can
Vangash: They get paid for it.
Vangash: Becuase for science
cause they are mythbusters
I will eat you
I WILL EAT YOU
i wonder if theyll bust the myth of Pinkie Sense someday :D
Yeah LOL
Well I know but still it's a saying
And get pinkie up in this sh*t
Sketch_Toku_Brony: silly everyone knows that is truth not myth :P
00,10they fucked up
hell yeah
Hi everypony :3
isn't that the chick that was with the mythbusters before Kari?
strike them down lord walrus
Good job screwing it up! :D
make them suffer
OtakuTom: Hello~~~
lol ya screwed it up :D
Hi OtakuTom
allo OtakuTom
ew
13http://imgur.com/a/IwGZy#11 http://imgur.com/a/IwGZy#12
13hallo ponies
oh yummers -.-
Hey OtakuTom :3
Sorry for not being around for the past week or so...I've been busy trying to find a house for the fiance and I to move into :P
Ohai Shizuka
Hi Shizu :)
cool!
OtakuTom: Oh mai, Honeymoon
OtakuTom: It's cool :3
00,10dat shizu
Oh and hi Shizuka :3
Wjat the SHIEEEEEEZZZZZZW
lol
Back everypony
We're still over a year away from the wedding...honeymoon has a way to go...lol
anypony play maplestory?
13seal of approval
13ORP ORP ORP
excellent OtakuTom
hope things go well for ya
Lawl
WHUT
Wat
wtf
Brony2447 heard of it, haven't really gotten into it
I think the whole chat had a jaw drop
:D
Why'd she not let go
Dken2021: pretty fun
Vangash: IDk
if they make a mlp ep w/ Spikes Bachelor party i wanna see it get crazy like the Hang Over :D shining freaking out with a tooth missing and Mike Byson tatoo :D
I'm certain a fan might make that if he had the idea
inb4 explosion :D
yeah i remeber seeing the HAYng Over w/ the Mane 6 though it probably be way funnier w/ Shining and Spike,maybe Vinyl too
._.
O.o
Um.
:O
Burn Baby BURN
Night time for me guys
That was weird.. YOu saw that CriticKitten ?
Night!
Barely any thrust at all, really.
nighty WalkerPony89
WalkerPony89: night!
CriticKitten: It was AFTEr the fire was all out. It "puffed"
night WalkerPony89
night
in other words, this ain't rocket science
I don't think 'the vacuum turned into a jet engine' was meant to be taken literally
Probably meant flamethrower, yeah.
he's just 10% short of being 20% cooler lol
..
Well..
This looks bad. :P
I had a good week
OoOOoOOH
The straw IS moving but...
Not as much movement.
13oooooOOOOoOOoOOOOooo
00,10and no one dose it because you have to put your lips on somthing you are gonna shatter.
^3^ "oOOOOOOooooOOO"
allo Soultu
Why isn't he using the wooden thing with a hole in it?
I found out that my best friend is a brony
Well this looks busted :P
Big time
that was amplified
hi Dken2021
he wasnt to do it unamplifired
00,10it's his hands
wants
No it isn't busted
Sumica: Might be
00,10his hands are dampening the vybrations
STOP IT ADAM
Sumica's point seems valid.
They actually show him breaking it in a later episode with his voice
Dat straw jump
sumica: The better grip = The more stable
http://i.imgur.com/ePKq7.jpg <---------- My girlfriend's failed attempt at cosplaying as Harry Potter.
No straw?
how do you forget about the hands thing
Whoa!
o.o
WOW
No way?
oh shatz
holy
O_O wow
dat face
darn i missed it >.<
105 Db ...
LAWL
nice
HAHA
fakeandgay!!!!!!!111!
OtakuTom: wow talk about fail...no offense
OtakuTom no wonder she failed, I see no scar
Wrong Otak, guys :P
twilight_springle: SHUT THE F*CK UP
oh, sorrt OtakuTom
OoOoOoOOOOo
OtakuTom: wow, talk about fail :P
lol YEAH
Ponyville Cantona? Or something
/me swings to the music
PuddingCupz: nu
Only Pinkie Pie breaks dimensions...
YEAH
AJ,bucks apples first THEN asks questions later
Don't worry about it, Otakon and I are used to it by now :P
Swing it Sumica OC! :D I order YOU!
:D
Star Wars+MLP:FIM=MIND EXPLOSION!
Hehe cantina! <3
rainbow dash would be han solo lol
Oh gosh
Everypony choose a number 1 to 7
2 Eulshy
6.9
3.14
that's Aladdin?
aladdin song?
8
Eulshy: i choose number potato! :P
1?
number? uhhh....MAHOGANY
Like the song but the video itself is very weak
Sumica: please, Your face moskau? <3
Brinstar!<3
Super Parasprite
YESH!
i goy 1 and 2
You'll never see SuperBrony64 finish Super Metroid ;-;
If only SuperBrony64 had skills to play this. :(
starring Flutter Shy-Ann
i finished it :D
Vordox maybe he does?
He does
what is this?
it took me like....my whole life
Vordox: you must be new here :S
is today thursday?
SuperBrony64 just love being "silly"
Wheres the My Mind = Blown button? I cant seem to find it
daring_derpy: metroid a popular nintendo game and personally the best to me
Spectrum_Rush, how could you
BroHoof technically yes
on my end
oh, thx
Vordox has probably been here longer than you have
Crimson_Phoenix: Hmm?
:P
NO
WHAT IS THIS SHIT
YES
NO.
yay?
WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS SHIT.
i want mother brain PMV
THIS SINT MY LITTLE PONY
Aw, you could've at least showed my video of this song. :(
THE FUCK IS THIS?
This is my favorite MLP :3
Who asked for ponies???
nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo :O
NOT THE G3s AHH MY EYES
WTF IS THIS STUFF?
Crimson_Phoenix: To be fair. Very silly filly or serenity now has been here for a year and a certain set of days
How asked for ponies...?
*Who
Sorry "P
no one didi
PINKIE?
Pinkie looks horrible
Rainbow Dash always dresses in style.
keep whining about whats being streamed :p
Rainbow Dash always dresses in style
NO RAINBOW.
wtf thats rainbow?!
00,10Your video CriticKitten?
WHO ASKES SUMICA FOR PONIES?
11,02I'll finish Super Metroid :<
RAINBOW IS NOW DEAD TO ME D:
SuperBrony64: good luck
Asked*
Which G is this MIca?
oh by the way Brony2447 did ja read the rules yet
Vordox tis 3.6
G.Poop
Sumi: Yesh, you know. The one where I spliced G4 ponies into the G3 theme.
SuperBrony64: Nevah! D:
00,10ah
This is 3.6?
LAWL
Spectrum_Rush: yeah thx for tellin me cause i dont wanna be banned :)
How can people still be so stupid to ask for ponies?
3.6 intro didn't look bad. :P
no one asked though.....
lawl
Ponies! :3
AJ woohoo
PuddingCupz, its never what it seems
Dem Big Mac lines
Eeeyup.
i love this ep :3
13and one pony plus one pony plus one pony plus two and two and two and two
dat maths
00,10should get the big mac multy launage
I love this ep too BroHoof only bc big mac talks aloot
dem fancy mathmatics
Sumica: If you shwo this episode part... Aj and RD on See Saw Rhrythm is magic <3
Brony2447: good good just memorize that and take a lokk at the Faq to and you'll have a great time here, dont and well.... you're gonna have a bad time
Applejack, The loyalest of all ponies, therefore the element of honesty
I don't really like how Big Mac only has Eeeyup in most episodes
GabeMoist: She's mostly both
it...
It...
Spectrum_Rush: thx lol
GabeMoist now you're getting it
......... Is this..... really happening?
Shhhhh
mlp on bronystate? wtf
it lives. Ponies... Live... PONIES.
AJ = Element of Honesty, Loyalty and generosity :P
Shhhhhhh
yesh the best intro ever concieved to mankind! :D
PuddingCupz true i like when he talks very rare moments :3
its called BRONYstate.
13i do not understand....
wait...
My gosh, Ponies. c:
WAIT
...Wait....We're actually watching an episode!?
THIS IS A FULL EPISODE?!
Brony = Pony LOVERS
IMPOSSIBRU
13you bitch and moan all the time about how we don't watch ponies....
This...
13and now that we are....
This...
Vordox: and Dependebility?
13you bitch and moan that we are...
PuddingCupz: youre new here, arent you
Just don't think about ut and SUSSSHHHHH
Dis kick I get now
Suprise
Shizuka: maddening i know
/me hugs Shizuka
No, twilight_sprinkle.
shizu gets my anger
I'm... crying Sumica.. I am crying big time...
lol insert Lion King here
;_;
sumica hmm i was happing for the other type of pony
There, there. We really do appreciate it, Shizuka. :)
Here comes another japanese earthquake
Pinkie sounds like a He-Man villian there
00,10why Vordox?
Shizuka: its not bitching, its bewilderment
One of AJ's episode with her on focus...
pinkie FTW!
And you choose it
13there is only one thing to do then
Ebrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbr
:O ponays :[FRICK YES :[
13right to ponies
13suspended
here it comes
also dat AJ BGM <3
Shizuka, kill the batman?
eniter season of G1?
Ride em indeed AJ
But Mayor, despite having stopped the world from falling into eternal darkness, we can't handle a measly stampede!
entire*
00,10well duh Vordox Aj is fave pony
I thought we suspended the right to susdpend?
<3 Sumica
CriticKitten: but...but.....the corn!
seems Wrek|Suspended succeeded in creating that meme
dat mayor
Right to applebucking, suspended
Mooooooella
dat face
Mooooooooooooorealla
Mooooeriella
Such a civilized cattle.
wrek? suspended?
sooo looong renoona
stereotypical canadians?
...
Winona.
APPLETASTIC
exactly
Pinkie being REALLY crazy at the beginning of Season 1
XD
lol pinkie ya'll so crazeh
Paaaaartaaaay.
Dken2021: just a joke
figured
I now just noticed mayor saying single hoofedly
Time to play spot doctor whooves and derpy.
One of my favourite Mayor scenes incoming
ALSO LISTENT TO THE MUSIC
aMAREica Buck YEAH lol
A MAREICA
oh boy here we go
00,10At some point we need to stop useing kick scripts so the bot can handle it.
This music <3
So Awesome Meme!
13some day
And Fluttershy music
twilight is like screw this
00,10or set bot to 4in10
<3 applejack and fluttershy forever my fave ponies
lol Twilight is all "We'll do it LIVE BUCK IT!"
First sign of Twilight is Snappy
Sumica I'm sure Otakon would ahte that
... or 5 in 10
Dat Mayor <3
Mayor: Troll!
00,10I think wrek still has 5-10
lol
now what would you do in this situation? http://derpiboo.ru/70224
Inb4 NIGHTMARE MOON
13go figure four months away from skyrim and all 49 mods need redownloading
00,10oh how about -1 in 10
nah, think he's 6.. i saw it a few time stoday
00,10it kicks if you think about posting
hohohoho
I am like AJ <3
well, then I should be good
hard working when needed, even to the I fall and break down
Spectrum_Rush: i would HUGZ!
AJ...ya'll been baking apples...?
spike is such a loser
Sumica: wouldn't that kick if you didnt post... all the time
Oookaaay
weird that i can draw rainbow dash but can't draw AJ >_<
BroHoof: You can't capture AJ on Drawing :D
shes drunk on apple cider xD
n' stuff
true!
/me Can't draw or do any kind of art at all
Dat sound :D
lol
HIGH?
Rarity: Drunk?
AJ has a drug problem
Fine to Pinkie
OH SHIT
Anything's fine to you Pinkie
first step: she needs to admit it
/me eats apple pie just because of AJ
lol YES
AAAAPLEEEEEE WAAAACKS
dat neigh nore
Brony2447 I hope with vanila ice cream yes?
snore**
Dem teleports...
Avoid sleep
Dken2021: of course!
sleep is for the weak
Apple Jacks! CORN POPS :[
>ponies on stream
notice how she still need some concentration on teleporting
Hell froze over?
00,10some friend twi is. did't know her friends family all went home
Hint hint
XD
dat hint hint
could u step aside
now I want to listen to Sunshine and Celery Stalk
Im drunk. Hint Hint.
HELP!
00,10eng jack neck
NO WAI NO HOA
ponyville was cute and simple back when this episode aired.
AJ's been hitting on her own cider too much
Dumb Ponies47. How could you close the bucking tab!?! D:
like i said...drunk on apple cider
Dat scrunchy face
/me belches
INb4 Best WOMBO COMBO
lol makes me wanna see AJ get all Eagle Eye from Robot Chicken *bucks building over* "IM A CHAMPIOONAH!" lol
LAWl
AJ CAN FLY!?
00,10good thing pinkie is't helping with this
00,10she would use a cannon
Applejack: FUS RO DAH!
Dont get all FILLY on me FATSO IM A CHAMPION
splat
SMASH
XD
or reverse the gravity
cDeeeeeeerp
:D
Gaaaot it
Nice shot AJ
YOU ARE
Derpy eyes...
YEAH
yay
Try it eight more times maybe you'll get it
FUS RO RAINBOW DASH!
great idea
wait for it....
How much does AJ weigh, Sumica? XD
Fus.......... RO DAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!!!!!!
FUS
RO
FUS RAIN BOW
You may get some broken bones in the process but dang it you shouldn't quit
RAIBOOOOW
lulz
yeeeeah
Omg i heard yay
lol yay
and Dark Matter AJ is born
Vordox probably as much as dark matter
did anyone hear that yay?
Rainbow's blasting off again
00,10she weighs at least 40 cribets.
rd didn't claim to be the best back then
But there is one they fear.... in theyre tounge dovahkiin...DRAGONBORN! PO-NIE-TIME!!!!
Oh my, this is quite rare, seeing the actual show on here :3
Polydunami yup
and then horse sound
lol she drunk off her rocker
00,10it's not that rare.
00,10we show 4 eps a week
brain damage
00,106 with new eps
Sumica yet 2 repeats. :P
Oh yeah
Yayz
Sumica: Not including BMN?
yay
only the horse butcher can help now...
Wait Sumica
6 with new eps?
Help...Pinkie...Pie..
weed i tell you!
But remember its 2 episodes twice
Yes, Sirrie, Hi Bob!
Go Applejack!
00,10yeah hub shows them in pairs
AJ doing a Derpy impression there
two NEW episodes?
/me votes for more pony episodes on bronystate
00,10no
Bacon!
Time to get bacon
00,10usealy the privios ep + new ep
CHOCOLATE CHIIIPS
im with you daring_derpy
lol inserst Sesame Street on weed mp3 here :D
but you guys don't stream the old eps
LSD
daring_derpy: /me nods in agreement
00,10the thing is there is noting wrong with aj here.
as far as I remember
todays letter is 3 lol
00,10it's just pinkie
Sumica: What time do they usually air it?
00,10she's talking in slomotion intontaly
In the German dub they changed the cup of sour line. Pinkie calls for a little bit of lemon juice and AJ mishears it as four liters
Dat face
:D
Ponies drink soda!?! O_O
00,10in the morening Sabershy
00,10but new eps not out yet
HMM>
hello evry pony
I SPOT DERPY
MUFFIN...
Muuufiiiiiins
I DIDN'T LEARN ANYTHING!
Muffins Derpy
Ohai scottish-geeky
scottish-geeky: helloooo :D
Derpy: Muuuuuuuuuuuuuuuufin
Inb4 DEATH OF THE ERAS
heloo Ponies47
Pinkie's fine?
28 Muffins Later Rated R
Indegestion
waz up Brony2447
YEEEEAAAHHH
Sumica: Every morning? or a specific day?
Indegestion happened
...
...which doesn't make sense. Who would put lemon juice in muffin mix anyway
scottish-geeky: nm just watching ponies :)
00,10new eps have aired on saterday mornings.
yay!!!!!
Inb4 Best SLeeping position
Sabershy at 12p cst
I would put lemon juice in, lemon muffins duh
yay!!!!!!
Not So Fun Fact equine cant throw up... so they will die if they needed to
94 ponies died that day
:O
00,10but if you meen right now. Hub is showing them every day at 8am and again at 11pm
I still think you guys stream 5 Pony episode each week
and not 6
DID I MISS ANY NEW EPISODE?
no new episodes, PuddingCupz
PuddingCupz, after Canterlot Wedding no
ATA
PuddingCupz season hasn't started
:D
ATATATA
00,10no, S3 has not started yet
ATATATATATATATATA
Aahahahaha LOL
WA TAH
13you missed one yesterday
LIAR
I.... Did?
13yes
13it was terrible
-Shoots books- LIARS.
13they've really sold out
yea, probably the best episode ever
None taken
None taking
Shizuka stop messing with the foals minds
13it was written my seth mcfarlane
13enough said
S3 starts in mid Sep from what I've heard
11,02I think the 'Hub' should be renamed to the 'Wub'
^
SuperBrony64: lolz
how the hell do i get the hub channel?!
Shizuka: Woot?
Did i really miss a new ep of season 3 SB64?
00,10I could live with that
13not woot
there should be a pony only channel
11,02BroHoof: By calling your local congressman.
Shizuka Seth? Is Meg a hydra lol
oh
BroHoof: By paying for the channel...
slaughter them all
BroHoof depends on where you live. Round here it's digital or dish only
BroHoof might have to buy an extra channel pack
Ponies47: how are you
00,10Meg is trixie
let no creature survive
scottish-geeky: Fine. You?
BroHoof: get some shady friends who illegally stream the hub on the internet
i will pay for if i have to
lol
Sumica: ... Are you telling me... Family guy invaded Ponies...?
Alright im going to bed, 2am is usually my sleep time, i get to wake up in 6 hours for no apparent reason, nightnight ponies!!
KEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEK
lol derpy
13it was awful
Shizuka: ...
take care Eulshy
Ponies47: tierd just got back from a arcade with the sis
Shizuka: I'm VERY angry before at Seth..
The bunnehs! SO CUTE!
and...the bunnies feast on that ponies corpse
00,10peter is pinkie
dat Lion King reference
Shizuka: What or where is this abomination?
scottish-geeky: Sweet. Did you have fun? :3
love these scenes
am im the onle one that spot the lion king revings there
lol now we know where the Holy Grails Killer Rabbit came from :D
BUNNEH!
They're talking about that episode you're talking about. "A horrible disaster!"
13Vordox: it was destroyed immediately after airing
13hasbro's stock is tanking
scottich-geeky: Nope, but I spotted a Lion King Reference. :)
13it is not likely to survive
JESmith71: its about time!
Shizuka: So... Hasbro our heroes?
So... Hasbro.... is gonna..... Die?!?!
Shizuka: I haven't heard EQD talk about it yet
Yeah Shizuka Roseluck and those other ponies saw it too when they're talking about a diaster
practically poisoned plenty of ponies
13EQD convinced hasbro to have macfarlane write
bla bla bla baby bunnies
13they are currently in exile
Sabershy: u speeld my name rong
o
Shizuka: Where can I read up about this? I want full information
/me not sure if peeps playing along or legitamitly believe its true ¬_¬
00,10flutter shy just stareing the apples out of the trees
scottish-geeky: The irony, no? :D
LOL
Shizuka: ...
Wait what's going on with Seth? O.O
Sabershy: lols
Shizuka: You're a dick, Shizuka :P
13it costs $400,000 to watch that channel for twelve seconds
stream is lagging :(
I just saw a dancing Sumica!!!
/)_(\
Shizu: It's honestly pretty believable given what I know of EQD
Shizuka: YOU TROLL! :D
13i am too
CriticKitten, I like you
so if Macfarlane wrote the new eps then, Meg is Trixie,Peter is Pinkie,then who is Derpy? Greased up Deaf Guy?
Eeeewwwwwww
Shizuka? What? I've been paying $6,000,000 per 5 seconds!
/me Gives Shizuka a muffin
13GabeMoist: comcast does that a lot
ha spike
00,10no Sketch_Toku_Brony. it's the guy from the brewiry
Also I just heard the best news ever.
~yay~ :)
00,10peters boss
Opie?
00,10yep
lol i see
let's all hate spike
/me gives Shizuka antidote
lol THIS
Alright
MOAR PONIES!
LOL
my favorite version
Sumica: Who did the "ATATATATATA" AJ part in Anthology 2?
drugs
My Real Pony! :D
I was tired of not understanding what they were saying
I know I'm late, but....Whedon has been signed for Avengers 2. It's....so....awesome.... /)^3^(\
Vordox Hokuto No Kenshin
haha
Dken2021: /me facepalms That's not what I meant :P
Much better
CriticKitten: (^_^) /)
are we watching the episode in horse?
lol dat Pinkie whinnie
when's the translation commin in
He'll write and direct it. So happy. :3
BroHoof: maby
00,10not sure Vordox
This My Little Pony in its native language. What we get is an English dub
BroHoof, you can't understand?
I can understand this completely
Sumica: Gonna dig, brb
We like horses. c:
Sumica: You're a silly dancer.
crimson_pheonix nope
Now this bit, this is different....
00,10indeed
"In a twist, Whedon will also help Marvel and ABC develop a new television series that takes place within "The Avengers" universe."
ahahahahhahaha
oooo
I AM A PONY AND IM DIGGING A HOLE....DIGGY DIGGY HOLE!
YES
BroHoof, you must not be a true brony then
aaaaaaa
YES :D
aeiou
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
o dis
HI GUYS
mario?!
Holla hey a dolla
John Madden John Madden John Madden John Madden
Ha ha ha
?!?!?!?!
Ponies47: ahhhhhhhhhhhh
?!??!??!??!?!!?
aeiou
We must play more moonbase alpha
aeiou
AAAAAAAAAAAAA
aaaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU
nyan nyan
inb4 kickspam :3
wut...
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
football]
im lol 4 real wight now\
THE SPAM VIDEO!
00,10dont wall spam please
my.. head... hurts
brain meltiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiing
snake
SnaaaaaaKEE
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Sumica: srry :(
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
...........
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
wut
vroom vroom
ok im done lol
999
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m8gherMYYv1r02k54o1_400.gif
O.O
:( :'( MAKE IT STOP! :'( OH MAKE IT STOP!
look a wll of spam
nine nine nine
:'(
?!?!
Syn_Virtu: 666
Here comes another japanese earthquake.
Sumica, play that one pony video
Ebrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbr
WHAT IS PHELIMONIARTUCKAIMOIBS
derpy
AWESOME
you know.. with the things and the stuff
Sumica: Alot of people have put their stuff into youtube
dem eye
ok
Sumica: From Anthology 2, digging digging for the good ones
Internet goofed
Alright everypony. Goodnight. I'll see y'all tomorrow.
Ponies do whatever they want
Luvin' this.
diggy diggy hole...
ponibas yea over there with the guy :S
LUNA!
nighty Sabershy
stream lag :(
This is called Catgroove, right?
00,10lol oki Vordox.
Catgroove is the name
Night Sabershy
No, Ponygroove.
00,10feel free to pm any keepers
everyone sees suff before me :(
Sumica: DANCE!
Precisely!
More
NO
Sumica: Have 2 already :P
Brony2447: Yeah it happens :<
Oh my
OH BOY
YES
nigth Sabershy may the force be with u
WHY TORTUE!
... yea, I'm gonna listen to some tunes, then hit the hay, night y'all
Wia
-_(\
Brony2447: try the little blue refresh at th bottom left
BEST SONG EVER
Dance, pony... DANCE!
I love this.
TO THE SHELTER
ok thx
Best sweetie song
Night Dken2021
NNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOO not this song
NO :[
o yes dis
OH NO
OMMMMMMMMMMMGGGGGGGGGGGG
inb4 AAAAAAAAAAAAA
NOOOOOOOO
KILLLLLLLLLMEEEEEEEEEEE
Sumica, wubs are in order to wake folks up
13http://i.imgur.com/LVM12.jpg
Why the hell don't I mind this song anymore? :S
/me cuts out his eardrums
:'( NOOOOOO
evry body RUSHIN
THE TRUNK
LOL!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAA
Brony2447: Don't worry once you see more iof it you will like ithis. Just keep watching :3
yes
O_O
AAAAAAAA
much better
oh god
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Wat.
scootalo is so cute
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
this is beter
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
no
uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
this is better
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Challenge: Count the As
look spam
All the spam!
also, AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
I love this part
THIS IS AWESOME
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
kill me
whhhhhhhhhhhyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy uuuuuuuuuuuuuuu nnnnnnnnnnnnnoooooooooo ppppppppppppppooooooooooonnnnnnnnnniiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeeeeessssssssssssss
All the A
THERE IS NO SPAM, THERE IS ONLY AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
<----- make sense.
dammit you people suck t with the "no spam"
A
Oh god i feel sad now
wall of spam has spam
11,02This video is brought to you by the letter 'A' :3
00,10inb4 moo
WHERE IS IT
dubstep my fckin style
11,02Moo :3
ohgodWUBWUBWUB
god dam it i need metal
inafta moo
Oh yeah this video! Which I don't name the name of :$
WUB
i thought it was the letter 3? lol
I know one person wanted that PMV
WUB A DUBS
danke
NAME PLEASE!?!
the chat for today: http://www.cs.berkeley.edu/~ddgarcia/gifs/spam.gif
Need moar celtic pony musik
test
I can't find it ANYWHERE
00,10Hive five
:D
master of ponies like metaliponie
so I would like a link please
ME GUSTA
00,10er sorry Fire Hive
13bartender!
what vid? i wanna rip song
LOL
13another ale
sin hu
how exactly does autotuned singing add to dubstep
00,10the long version of this is good.
both are garbage
so they work together
Needs moar Rumba Rumba
Sumica, it is noticeable though
Oh yeah
twilight_sprinkle: it dousint
SHE READS ALL DAY.
SEY!
and PLEASE I WANT A LINK
This is the shnazz
BOOKS!!!!
SEY SEY SEY!
damn, lotsa versions of this
Boks
BOOKS
ah yeah dose books
I find this easy to Daww to
BOOKS!
:)
lol
/me headbobs
/me hates dubstep
:$ :$ :$ :$ READ BOOKD :$ :$ :$ :$
This is not dubstep.
im like some dusbetp songs
Polydunami: i dont care
/me headbobs with twilight_sprinkle
http://www.cs.berkeley.edu/~ddgarcia/gifs/spam.gif
you are entitled to your opinion
^
this is jumpstyle beats o.o
Book
iron man black sabbath dub step :O
BroHoof: who the hell cares
OMG who the HELL CARES.
Brony2447: NO DONT YOU DAER
Sumica can I have a link to that chrysalis PMV video?
Oh hey, ponies.
scottish-geeky no pony
griffin the brush off
IM NOT UR BOYFRIIIIIIIIEND!
00,10just search Fire Hive pmv
scottish-geeky: thats what it was didnt u recognise?
Oh the Gilda episode
Is Rita Hayworth in this one? :3
is this the actual episode or something?
it is
YES
W00t!
Actual episode if it has theme song
Mmhmm.
00,10nop not an ep you are just delusional
Brony2447: dubsteping black sabbath is a crime punshpul by DEATH
pony episodes! on my bronystate!
scottish-geeky: i know srry T_T
don't underestimate Sumi's ability to mess with people
is the grifin episode?
lol "Ya'll such a FLIP FLOP >3<" :D
yes
more pony eps?? well its only fitting, after all, its Roger Federer's birthday
00,02wait
Brony2447: of with the head
00,02pony episodes?
00,02what sorcery is this
Phase4: ikr
nop Phase4
pahse, no, you're dreaming
00,10just wait till I learn how to use vegas
DERPT
It's an illusion.
derpy
Derpy! in a ACTUALLY SCENE!!!
Phase4: whatcha smokin man? there are no pony eps
scottish-geeky: spare me! i bring gifts of Led Zeppilen
00,10I will redub whole g4 eps with g3 dialong
SSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Gilda ep.
^
i hate gilda :/
hop
00,02Sumica, D:
lol
Cool show us some videos sumica?
Brony2447: hummmmm you shale be sperd
dat pepe reference
lol *waves hand* These arent the ponies you are looking for...
Sumica: Tel me how that works out once its finished
Sumica: Then you would be the most hated brony ever ;-;
this was when pinkie was still the annoying pony in the gang
scottish-geeky: and to top it off Iron Maiden :)
yay
its sad this is how me and my friends inte act
You cannot escape the pink
actually that pepe reference was the seed of my interest in the show
Pinkie le pu
00,02the animations in this scene
btw what ever happened to this weeks survey? its past wednesday and i got no emails, and survey site was closed
Brony2447: IRON MAIDEN
00,02they are excelent
God I love Rainbow Dashs face when Pinkie Pie says "HI AGIAN!" :D
00,10shame so many hate gilda cause this is a good ep
twilight_sprinkle has a point
dat MLP theme
00,02:3 face
scottish-geeky: RUUUUUUNNNNNNNNNN TOOOOOOOOOOOOO THHHHHHEEEEEEEEEE HIIIIIIIILLLLLLLLLSSSSSSS
Sumica, I love Gilda though
gilda has a rock music theme
YOU GOT MAIL
Brony2447: *headbangs*
how could you not hate her?
dohoho we scarred Spike for life, GG
N-hiccup-ahhah
YOU GOT YOU GOT YOU GOT
spike tell that to spiro
scottish-geeky: metal horns!
00,02NO
Hiccup!-
he should burp at them
:D
now to remember the guy that wanted that PMV
snore* hiccup :3
speaking of Spyro man i wanna see him in this lol
:O
Brony2447: \m/:[\m/
this novel would have bought spike freedom from slavery
00,10that dash happy drot animation
Sketch_Toku_Brony, no please
ok
00,10trot*
00,10I love it
Dat snort hickup.
Seth would go crazy on the possibility of Cynder in MLP
Fus Ro Butt Slide!
scottish-geeky: \m/ :O \m/
hatchooooooooooooo
Brony2447: lol
scottish-geeky: lulz
00,10plad apples are coming in nice
apples
Coloured apples
lol its joke powder now she's addicted to heroin *Rarity* "Haha..."*Shivers* "Im cold" :D
How long did THAT took them?
i would buy those
Ponies47: angry aj is angry
Crimson_Phoenix: about 2 seconds....
sea pünies
ponies
:'(
seems legit
If they paint doesn't that make them unedible
Brony2447, to color ALL those apples?
this is such a cute episode
I love PinkieDash interaction
lol
brohuf fial
needs more of that
Crimson_Phoenix: oh i thought you were talking about all of equestria THOSE apples take 0.23565432456225345675335334743734473 sec to paint
:(
John Madden John Madden John Madden
toot
glinda
Gilda
Brony2447, you're cool
I like you
we are married now
BROHUF
:) thx i liek u too
00,02i'm doing 'energy and motion' at uni, its a physics class, and it includes orbital mechanics :3
it's a shame that there's a possibility of a trixie comeback but not a Gilda comeback
lol just SLAMS face onto joke glasses
00,02did pinkie just get glasses from theground?
Yes.
sad toot
Pwuwuwuwuwuwuwwu
I blame Sethisto
autotuned party kazoo FTW!
00,10love gildas wtf face
Why did she punch pinkie.
lol
epic
I think Dash just described Pinkie perfectly
Im on a bike!
wow gildas is a douche
That is awesome
lol i want THAT
00,024 pedles
^
i like dizy its a clam high
That is an awesome helibike
Gilda? http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/2/2a/Gilda.jpg
scratch that shes a BEEETCH
and gilda gets charged for murder
She is such a dick
Polydunami hell freakin NO
...
Daygon: SHE is a DICK? think about that
Ha, here's news Nittany would enjoy.
so when is our FULL 20 HOURS MLP MARATHON?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MRCcnOeGWnY Life = Ruined Forever
shut up twilight
00,02Pinkie tantrum
Brony2447, sure
Crimson before Season 3 airs as the lead-in? Who knows
00,1020 hour marathon, not sure if ready
.......
BroHoof: dont you tell twilight to shut up > : (
PuddingCupz not while somepony is streaming
20... hour marathon of ponie?
20 HOURS OF PONIES O_O
00,02Sumica, i could actually automate a marathon
Daygon: lol random time MY FAEVORITE COLOR IZ POTATO
Sumica, DO EET FILLY!!!!!
20... hour marathon of ponies*?
There's rumors floating about that SWTOR's tanking is so bad that the Bioware Austin studio might either be rebranded as "EA Austin" or be folded entirely. xD
00,10so could I Phase4
twilight_sprinkle why not?!
well the two seasons adds up to 20 hours :P
RUUUUNNNNN TTTTTTTOOOOO THHHHHHHHHHHEEEE HIIIILLLLLLLSSSS!
00,10the last one was automated
:O :D!
BroHoof: cause she is best pony!
Man that is top speed for Granny Smith
00,02ah
Start from the first episode?
THETF
R U SURE?
twilight_sprinkle, SPRINKLE!!!!!
I'm gonna need coffee, 5 hour energy, chips, soda and all kinds of other food plus I shal lhave to lock myself away from the real world for that O_O
00,10problem is it would be more like 22 hours with intermitions
*shall
Gilda, im going to fucking kill you NOW
Panda|Drawing: PANDAA
this is where gilda lost forever
/me grabs shotgun
Panda|Drawing: how ya doing?
Sumica, depends on how often is the intermission
I was thinking maybe do save one of those marathons as a special lead-in to Season 3
Brony2447, I see
lol the Hater in the Brony Habitat
Yeah
a meany pants
PuddingCupz: ;_;
twilight_sprinkle, im good, tired, but good, how about yourself :3
yay
A CRIME PUNSHIPUL BY DEATH PORPAER THE GETENE
Pudding_Cupz that video is sad but i love the song :'(
PINKIE PIE PARTY!
Ik D:
JESmith71, We're closing in to Season 3
PARTY
00,10would porabaly have one ever 4-5 eps
Daygon: I HAZ EYEEZ BUT I DOONT SEEZ WHAT YOU SAYED
Panda|Drawing: sleepy, but other than that fine :D
Brony2447, I see
00,02i hear pinkie pie style and then the song gets stuck in my head
twilight_sprinkle, two peas in a pod we are XD
00,02this is not a bad thing
CANON AGE
that is hard head
Panda|Drawing: ponies, what will you do :D
PARTY
im a year older than you LOL
Party Crack A Macka Jokester?
:[ Im a year oler than you
Phase4 do ya mean Im Pinkie and I Know It?
Daygon: I DOONT SEE I MAEEE NEED GLAYSEES
older*
did anyone else hear metal when she was tapping her head
00,02Sketch_Toku_Brony, party with pinkie pie
Crimson_Phoenix I mean lieraly lead in to Season 3. Like end the marathon with Canterlot Wedding right before the season premiere
Brony2447, Ok
oh
kill her of with her head
shes a screamer??
4 hours extra if it's every 4 episodes
Plan a party with pinkie pie! A bunch of ballons lift her up to the sky!
Oh Pinkie Pie
twilight_sprinkle: wtf
00,02"let go of your hate
scottish-geeky: Rd said pinkie is "a scream"
twilight_sprinkle, hehe well... all of them... wait...
xD
twilight_sprinkle: ohh gwad
3.5 hours extra if each 5 episodes
Fluffeh coat!
00,02gilda.mp4
Panda|Drawing: i actually meant, "what Can you do", second time ive made that grammar mistake :P
Daygon: WHAYT IS OK WHAT YOU THOUT CUZ I WAS BLIND IZ OK WELL NOE I HAZ FEELIGS TOOE
xD twilight_sprinkle i thought she was a moaner :3
hay i see Berry Punch
00,10depends on the intermition we use too Crimson_Phoenix
Panda|Drawing: o.o
just came out of the blow drier
Brony2447, ???
won't it be the 20 minutes long?
twilight_sprinkle, I kid I kid XD
Panda|Drawing: im afraid to ask how you came to that conclusion :D
Daygon: random time over i hope you enjoyed!
since it's all new and stuff?
I love this episode for it's simplicity
so much effort into blowing out candles
Panda|Drawing: pun not intended..
twilight_sprinkle, erm.... personal testing? O_o
H-hey everybody :'(
JKJK!
Panda|Drawing: o_O
i love spike
I love the twist in this episode
Hey HoodyNinja! What's wrong my friend?
XD
Hello HoodyNinja
That counter
Hi HoodyNinja. Why so sad? Theres ponies.
Panda|Drawing: i hope it was theoretical :P
hey HoodyNinja ya ok?
PuddingCupz Ponies47 Ive been reading sad fics again, i need to stop
what a b*tch!
shee is a jerk
twilight_sprinkle, hehe rhetorical and left open to speculation ;)
D: o HoodyNinja
Panda|Drawing: o.o
She did that herself
dat rage :3
/me Hugs HoodyNinja "Stop reading those fics." :(
EOIC RAWWWWWWWWWWWR
blind fold her to remove her head
rawr
she's all roid rage
Errr...
EPIC*
That is an example of an hater
Ponies47: But they're written so well!
cool
twilight_sprinkle, xD you make it too easy you know
COME ON HONEY I SAID WERE GONNA HAVE SEX.
GASP
"oooh"
XD
ooo
HoodyNinja: I said no. Don't read them :(
DAMN GOT OWNED
PuddingCupz: ohh gwad
joshing?
Panda|Drawing: well, as long as its not twilight, i dont really care that much :P
Ponies47: But i like them :'(
twilight_sprinkle, oops >.>
CRACK NECK
Ponies= Us Brony Gilda = FOX ,HA! :D
Panda|Drawing: hehe
th fu
flip flop?
FLIP FLOP
/me Hugs HoodyNinja "Ok then but."
Panda|Drawing: twilight must stay pure!
A party and she poops. LOL
Hater are Gildas in the show
twilight_sprinkle xD wait... omg there is a song you have to hear :D
i like flip flops
Maybe you should lay back on them HoodyNinja :s
twilight_sprinkle, erm... then dont go to my DA xD
you flip flop!
every party needs a pooper
double buzz
PARTY POOPER! PARTY POOPER!
Double zap
Sumica, you still got that link of logo less episodes?
cratorkid: i need to use it
Panda|Drawing: i guess i won then o.o
PARTY NEEDS A POOP!
cratorkid: :P
Panda|Drawing: *wont
SPIKE
SPIKE KILLING
super smarty smart smart pants
imma gonna CRAEP now
TROLL
lol all this talk of Party Poopers reminds me of FG "Hey man,your clock wont FLUSH!" lol
craep?
00,10uh yeah I think so.
Luna...
pranked yoself
MOAR
twilight_sprinkle, erm... im gonna pm you something >.>
Or who could have done that? :P
OWNEEEED
thats how you know you a real G
Would you mind sharing it with me one more time?
maybe if you want to?
:(
ha and now of with twilights head
Panda|Drawing: hm, well you can try, i can always close it :P
oh lawl
lol
This Day Spy
This Spy Aria
oh TF2 and MLP
GMOD......................
YES!
:D
Spy's aria :p
O_O
00,10not gmod
LOL xDD
00,10SFM
Brony2447: Nope.
00,02DIS ONE
00,02XD
WHAT?
LOL
:O :O :O :O
LOL
Magnificent
wat?
00,02EATING PIE
lol
SMF with this sounds?
haha
bleh
>could care less
Eat shit and die
00,02WONT PARTAKE IN ANY PIE
ANEEEE PIIIEEEHHH
00,10hahaha dari
I can never go a day without watching this! :D
WUUTTTLOOOOL
LOL
I'm gonna die here guys.
whats this callsed?
:D THIS IS SO WIERD
:D ROFL
Snoipah is best best friend
this is just ridiculously hilarious
00,02secks
MIIIIIIIIIIIIIINE!
Brony2447: This Spy Aria
dat cadence BGM
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Oh Scouts Mother. LOL
lol
undo rcok
Ponies47: th lol im rofling so much
LOL
scouts mother lol
Scouts Mother! :DF
*:D
lol
Scouts mother?
what?
dafuq
:D
Brony2447: I can't go a day without watching this O_O
Best video parody ever
00,02HoodyNinja, watch 'meet the spy'
ok
i love this song :D
00,02gypsy jazz?
PINKIE!:O
Oh yeah, derp :(
this was interesting
Ponies47: well... thats interesting
:p*
das Ruski
I don't know what they say
WTF
But I like it
Brony2447: I just liek the video so much :P
the hell?
hello everypony
O_O its in.... russian?
pinkies brew?
ja
*like
Hey LightTrooper105 :)
Octavia
hello LightTrooper105
i guess it would be Da*
Translations: CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSs
hi LightTrooper105
... -Clicks mute-
less spam
Brony2447: No muffins?
/me give Ponies47, BroHoof and HoodyNinja cupcake
makes me wanna do a japanese cover XD
What is this we're watching?
/me Noms on the LightTrooper105 cupcake
00,10more things to do once I learn vegas
/me puts his cupcake in the microwave
yay thank you ! yum :3;)
hell yeah Panda and have Akiba Ranger show up
HoodyNinja: NOO JUEST KUPCAEKS :P :P
TAVI!
Dismo, pinkies brew in russian :D
00,10there is an englis cover of this
00,10but he video is crap
by Mic
TAVI I LOVE YOU
Sumica: isnt this already a cover of the pinkies brew song from FiM?
*FiW
i just realize ove been on for 5 hours
Sumica, :3 I can teach you vegas if you'd like XD but i dont recomend it for typography ^^
scottish-geeky: dont let Flare catch you
o.o
BroHoof: ow
is it weird that this song remindes me of maroon 5?
:O
00,10just a simple refub is all I was planing
scottish-geeky: what do you mean
Brony2447: Once you come here. YOU NEVER WANNA LEAVE O_O
guys
hmmmm?
scottish-geeky ow what :O
oh ^^ haha nothing too video intensive huh?
what would you do for a Klondike bar?
HoodyNinja: what do you mean
Ponies47: rehab for ponies? IZ NOT POZZIBLE!!!!!
Brony2447: Ive been on here for 10 minutes
oh boy here we go
oh no XD
Crimson_Phoenix: kill... you?
YAYYYYYYYYYY
Crimson_Phoenix: IDK
Ill know the italian one cuz im italian
i love this
BroHoof: that tab fial was soo epic the guy i wantid to tab was hoody
Oh this
good night guys and gals *waves to chat*...perfect timing lol
I was born italian
HoodyNinja: U WEILL NEIVER LEAVE! MUHAHAHAHAHAH
HatchetRyda take care
scottish-geeky: FlareChaser is in love with Octavia, and he is crazy!
i am afraid of other languages /).(\
Hello all! First time here. How you doing?
O_o
00,10most of them are good Panda|Drawing
If only Shizuka were awake...
scottish-geeky, yeah so crazy he think it's actually mutual
hello Mishael and welcome
Mishael: welcome!
scottish-geeky ow indeed
German is actually pretty good.
okies... german is good in my book :D
Welcome, Mishael, to Bronystate!
Brony2447: Trust me you wanna go to bed you want to.You will stay here and keep chatting. Trust me. The first time I came here I had a really hard time leaving O_O
lowfn yea not bad
/me pours a mug of cider and hands it to Mishael :3
HoodyNinja: wellp looks like the a batel to the death is in oeder
Wait which version is this i didnt see?
Welcome to bronystate Mishael :)
Ponies47: uhh ok...
omg :D polish is awesome as well :D
i like this :)
There are alot of chaps here i see
Mishael, new brony?
not bad
And I walk right into this :D Good Morning Bronystate!
im likin Polish Bell
or just new to the site?
I KNOW THIS ONE!
schnietsch datsch
Brony2447: Nah. :p
these are really good
Crimson_Phoenix: Nah, just new to this place
i no like italian :C
italian iz catchy :D
SHUT up BroHoof im italian!
ello everypony :)
Ow wtf it hurts
MURIKA
sry puddingCupz no offense to u ofcourse :)
Oh ok LOL
so they can get sweetie singing in other languages down, but the other voice actors are crap? XD
BroHoof: it's a decent dub, but the songs are meh
Ponies47: /) AMAREICA
Donut Version?
lowfn:(\ BUCK YEAH!
*(\
how many more o.o
0_o
dat Ponies47
Fluttershys voice
danish version aint that bad
/me no likes
dis diffrent language
inb4 japanese version?
/me wants japanese
Why does Fluttershy sound like Tomo in the Danish version?
soooo english version again? pls
HatchetRyda|Zzz: Was the danish version on just before?. I had the stream muted for a sec
Does Japan even know about the brony thing and such?
BroHoof: No, you must SUFFAH!
Jap-en-ese! Jap-en-ese! Jap-en-ese!!
Brony2447, hehe great minds think alike :D
yea it was killerpony7733
wow there are a lot of these
HoodyNinja NoOoOoOo
Panda|Drawing: :D
I like this version
00,10ponies is like in 19 launages now
damn you Sweetie Bell, let me sleeeeep
they should make it all language lol
best version
French yay!
lol only line i understand "Ok Sweetie..." :D
Egad
HatchetRyda|Zzz: Darn
french? O_O
Cruzant?
Sweetie Belle sounds older
they.... made her more mature >.<
everybody sounds older in french
00,10dont like this one
Crimson_Phoenix: I wonder why :P
im hungry
good god
lol
Crimson_Phoenix: You think it's the best version :P
Crimson_Phoenix: Im not sure if thats a good thing or not
shandahsan woohoo
are there multiple voices?
Ponies47: Yeah they do. Most likely they think of it as we think of touhou :D
Cheep Cheep? Da Fuq is this?! MARIO?!
International awesomeness
MadSurge: I see
im gettin sick of this song >_<
dafuq?
Spanish.
Mishael: Indeed
O_O
oh no
wut...?
But please, do not post the swedish version....
No
Chicken in!
0_o
Chicken Inn
lol she sounds like an adult
0_o :O
whoa! she sounds... curvy? O_o
this song will haunt you in your dreams now
spanish sweetie sounds grown up
omg sweetie bell is like 20 years old
:S
NO, bad Mexico, bad!
HoodyNinja, xD
I can't speak spanish even with my mother being from a spanish speaking country :$
lol
dat russian
^
Zdrastje....
in Russia Quiet Now HUSH YOU NOW
My neighbour is fluent in Spanish :3
somehow my image of russia doesnt fit with mlp
alot of them make sweetiebelle sound old
russian....ponies watch you 0_O
00,10arabic, recorded on a celphone
Ola, now u know a spanish world
Sweetie Bomb!
:D
^
XD
lol
arabic!!! OMG
not bad o-o..
Rain!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
;)
wtf i dont like it
*Hola, PuddingCupz :P
cute :)
even tho im from egypt O_O
This is actually good
The H is silent
Hey Rain :3
recorded with a potato XD
OGOD
Sorry pressed wrong one LOL
I liked the arabic version actually....
The H is always silent in Spanish
Panda|Drawing: POTATO
00,10autotuned
NOOOO THIS IS ***
:D A POTATO! HAHAHA
my right ear is lonely
Egad
my favorite color iz potato :P
do Friendship Is Magic Bith please.
O_O
Brazill has the WORST dub. Rainbow Dash sounds like a GUY! ;-;
Brazilian Portuguese... why
Brony2447: om my god my to
Ponies47: wow
Friendship Is Magic Bitch please
wow latino is goOoOoOd
so many languages
Ponies47, erm... polish have sexiest spitfire ;)
queso?
Ponies47, isn't RD a guy though?
next Polish Spitfire
scottish-geeky: :P
ponies47 in swedish a bit too
Polish Spitfire is hilarious
^
Crimson_Phoenix: I... dont think so?
lol
Panda|Drawing: Swedish Spitfire *Drools*
oh lord
!
lol
Ponies47: I'd say fitting, but then RD lovers would kill me :D
NO! NO NO NO!!!!!!!!!!!!
Plz have italian versions
found it i seee
macintoooooooooooooooosh
13 times the fun!
:D
woooohooooooo
oh no, this is a terrible video to walk in on :D
...i mean, oh luna
EEYUP
Ponies47: -_(\
Good morning everyone!
inb4 butchered big macs :D
<--- Is Swedish. And yes Spitfire does sound horny
Alchemist: gm! :D
Crimson_Phoenix: WellTomboy atleast :p
Good Morning Alchemist
what
Mishael, O_o
0_o
ITALIAN!
Heeeeeja
ejup?
lol
MadSurge: Yeah
Hey Alchemist :3
italian KEEEEEEETCHUPP
eeeejup
this is what real mobsters whatch
Ejah!1
Im italian
hi! :)
i heard pony
00,10he sound like bill cosby
nooooo
MEZAZ
Brony2447: F*ck YOU!!!!!!!!!!
eeeja
Sumica: Oh god
Bees Sauce?
Well time to sleep, goodnight everyone
Besa?
holy crap im laughing so hard xD
biza
PuddingCupz: srry :(
V saus
Besa?
its spelled biza
Egan?
Pecan>
egad?
AJ sounds like anime!
beka
*?
EGAN?????
:D
EGAD!
and igen
yap
pony
?
i heard pony
Alchemist: Dat igen which is danish for again
they're not as cool as the original
YEP
Fun fact: Applejack and Fluttershy have the same VA in italian, and they don't sound similar :D
00,10now he sounds like cain from dealobo
emm yup
NOPE.AVI
YEP!
00,10eeeeeesi
he sounds like a castrate
dat manly YEP!
swedish wasnt bad
if there's an arabic version its gonna be hialrious
asiii
sswedish is better
Tell me when the torture is over or the arabic version is here
Si
unipony
eeeeeesi
EEE SI!
Sumica: Where does these multi langauge clips come from anyway? like is it someone who uploads them all?
easy
easy... as apple pie :P
killerpony7733, basically
YEP!
dat YEP
you can find them on youtube
killerpony7733: exactly
eeee YEPP!
Sweden got it right
Ooouaipe
wut
well ill be damned
WEP? 0_o
Welp if i knew the channel of the one uploading them all i would be grateful
OI?
theyre speakin in fanceh!
ponneh
WUT U SAEY I CANET HEER U
Guys
oh this is gonna be gooood!!!
it's spelled Ouaipe
oboy
eee WEH/
KNOB!? lol
WHAT IS IT Crimson_Phoenix!?! :[
They're speeking in terrorist!
NOM!
00,10tak tak
tak tak?
Bak Tak
WHOS THERE
LOL
tk tak XD
Crimson_Phoenix: Oh :P
hoodyninja: most of the swedish dub is bad
TICK TACK
Tak danish for thanks
eeee tak
Taaak TAkkk
TAK TAK
eee tak :D
00,10eeeeeee da
Why is everything in polish autotuned
WHO IS THERE
Da
da
Da
eeeeeeeeeeeeeDa?
Fish too cock me too meal?
lol
Dang Russian Big Mac is sexy
DAH
in RussiaVille Apples BUCK You!
dah lol
nooooo DAH
Braaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa'tac
Sketch_Toku_Brony: "D
fus noooo DAH
:D*
Meal
:D and im pony? hm?
oui si
*still thinks german is the best foreign dub*
did he just say PlayStation?! lol
lol
Si
Im scared now
Playstation Mario Bros SI
xD oh god!
OH GOD
JAOlsjklamdj
ok, now i leave before...crap!
haha
LA LA LAL la
YES!
ooo goody, transcribed
o boy
One of my favorite song btw
O____O no.... please no
dis gun be good
LOL
?
Ohhhhh
police with throats dry? XD
Dairy
LOL
dairy
lol the text
rotflol....
oh god, the text is furned on, this'll be good
You are going to get this song stuck in my head again
no NO
DAIRY!
Nonpareigh
frank sinatra
lol Frank Sinatra
frank sinatra XD
Flank Sinatra!
*Frank :S
lolol
tricking in ten years old
Aseptic
:D
become human
:O
Lol so hard now :D
at least the song is good
lol
Trickling in teb years old? EWWWW
LOLOL
most of them tricking in ten years old
id like to hear from friends
BLAH BLAH BLHA
XD
LOLOLLO
!!!
at least we know that if Skynet arose right now it wouldnt know what the hell we are saying :D
My sides are hurting!
HAHAH
blah blah
blah
blah!
blah blha blha
this problem assignment benifit?
aint nothing standardized
^
its not?
Sumica: still got the other transribes or do you need them found again?
Sumi should stream this guy inging the Flim Flam brothers song while playing TF2 DRUNK! :D
MY BRAIN IZ BROKE OOH!
super speedy cyder squeezy 6000!!
EYEBALLS
See peter let my eyeballs
*Singing
Panda|Drawing: not according to transcribe
:P
let myself eyeballs?
HoodyNinja, xD
Captions = What are words?
oh god that Dash is creepy 0_o lol
Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider Cider
00,10no because it's anoying Ponies47
also adrea?
right now i can speak
whisky
right now i can speaak
Right now i can speak LOL
right now I can speak :D
*speak
this makes me want to sell alcohol to people
wizard wipes ;D
EVEN GRANNY HAS A SONG :D
:D
lol
youdontsay.jpg
Vordox: I got two cans of strawberry lime cider in my fridge :3
ward
Wizard Wipes :D
br
wizard wipes :D
wizard wipes
wizARD wipes?
br
their orbs
:O
Wizard wipes hai those ops ward hai hobe
br!
Lol
br
br is the new aieou
br
see that
br
My sides hurt so much im hiccuping out of control
brbrbr
see that
see that?
no cider scoth yes
Seriously this song is amazing because of the vocals
the same to you
so youre saying dot i dont know
Bacon hair anyone?
ure saying dot
ILOVEPONIEC:
Sumica: Yeah. Now that I think about. Plus most of it is just jibberish.
br/10
PARTY.MOV
xD
THERES TWO DOCTOR WHOOVES!!!! PARADOX!
*about it
e brbrbr
APPLE>MPV
youtube why you so fail? XD
w00t
yay
lol!
I love the Monoshy and wobniar version better of this
lol
seventeen billiion sminar?
thats a lot of seminars
:(
WOW
he said
rofl
ONE CORRECT LINE!
:D
SEVENTEEN BILLION SEMINAR!?
he said expects
senteen bullion seminar?
Wtf.
Yay to pets! :3
wowlol
nclex?
expects :D
Kentucky whut?
:'(:(:[:'(:(:[:'(:(:[:'(:(:[:'(:(:[:'(:(:[:'(:(:[:'(:(:[:'(:(:[:'(:(:[:'(:(:[:'(:(:[:'(:(:[:'(:(:[:'(:(:[:'(:(:[:'(:(:[:'(:(:[:'(:(:[:'(:(:[
17 billionth seminar...DAMN shes been busy
kentucky!
ktc
nclex? thats it, i'm leaving
kentucky
nclex???
kentuky is canon
kentucky!
you dumbass
may not happen
Dagnabbit BroHoof :S
BroHoof, no emoticon spam
WHAT?
does not compute
later again guys
00,10dont emote spame please BroHoof
what?
WHo is Patrict Dot
Vordox: yeah this one gets 1 line right... but then gives up on the song before the end
Pats
awight sowy eevwy pony
t_u_v four?
safety seals: do not want
do not want :D
Safety seals
lol patrick? NO THIS KRUSTY KRAB :D
party mov
safety seals :D
safty seals XD
dot starboard
starboard bow xD
Justice KOro
port stern
:D
justice koro!
cook dot starboard
Justice koro
JUSTICE KORO!
justice koro
justice koro :D
and said.
xD
and said?!
Justice Ko Ro HENSHIN lol
()
an said
and said
running
af
reduces your email
lol
running wooo
WHAT
af twelve handling it reduces ur email
what?
brb
af twelve handling reduces your email
youdontsay.jpg
xD
af twelve wtf
Remianing twnety broken pets?
XD
twenty broken o.o
remaining twenty broken?
me too
me too!
ME TOO
remaining 20 broken... hm...
idividualistic?
:D
chileans XDDDD
what about that and runs?
movies that didnt steal it?
sitting in a gap
secret messages
chat is quite lively for this hour 6_9
()
Spectrum_Rush: WE ARE WATCHING PONIES
because ponies, Spectrum_Rush ^^
Spectrum_Rush: IKR?

Why would we NOT be here? :D
its the closed captions
Spectrum_Rush: Im still sad

ping ping ping ping 6_9
no more words!
Welp it's early morning or generally morning for the EU peps
best part
damn
Is it really 3:00 AM here already? ;-;
its silent obviously
CC gave up apparently
10:03 in germany
omg, do Milk Challenge youtube videos or something
Ponies47: 4 am here
so... what happened to the transcribe?
Hai Derpy
derpy
or so it seems
this time of night, yeah
lol do Banana Sprite vids :D
Panda|Drawing: it never works properly
twilight_sprinkle: Four am here too
twilight_sprinkle: O_O
10:03 in sweden
One of my favourite songs now <3
twilight_sprinkle, clearly XD
5pm here
it's 1am for me
what's your read?
oh no :(
Man I love the pet song <3
goldwyn syndrome
what?! :D
lol
DAN = MEAN
randhir?
goldwyn syndorme?
cannot win
:D :O :P
birmingham?
ponibas: damn your pacific time
What
XD
goldwyne syndrome
cannot win
!!!!!!!!
oh my god! goldwyn syndrom XD
bat IM BAT DASH
well, AZ time.. it's a different breed
explained nothing!
Spike is f*cking twilight.
killerpony7733: numbers!
i JUST noticed that
do i remember what?
people? whats that?
PuddingCupz: NOOOOOOOOOO
DOCTOR
ponibas: close enough :P
designer training
determine that?
lol
designer training?
is here range?
winter wrap up winter wrap up
at least till november, then i be on MOuntain time
*Cleveland voice* Hey PuddingCupz thats naaaasty lol
00,10more uploads need to have CC left on
right
....right
right?
sidwelL!
right.
wsidwell?
sidwell front seat belt :D
huh?!
Sumica: Imagine Cupcakes with CC :P
colgate does all the jobs
My cat is trolling :P
lol Closed Captions SUCK :D
this is why im a brony
AJ VOICE SINGING <3
me too
Miss Cheerile Shudd Go Buck Herself. it said that on EQD
00,10that's the point Sketch_Toku_Brony
does this
00,10it's funnt.
cards
whatsoever cards
:D
whatsoever cards?
i know Sumica its just so FUNNY :D and I LOVE IT
grisly
grisly D:
grisly?
he woman are nt
lines right
XD
grisly?
HAHAHAHAH
he women!?
he women are not lines right
grisly
00,10perhaps that should be my first project.
armooooooooooor
Ho
armor
ho
he women or not yay :3
helements of armory
00,10put up all the songs with CC
spike loves da spotlight
Sumica, hm? I think thats been done already ^^
yay stories
Oh god
CC on this...
and back
yay?
Oh baby
yay
Rarity!
think cc was off
I DONT SEE WORDS!
i love this song!
it cant even register Raritys voice, she too badass
You all complained and argued that singing with an accent would be it super impossible <----- OH LOOK RARITY SINGS!
no cc?
Sumica, no! dont butcher raritys song for my enjoyment XD
Ponies47: after this ep more spifcle the song i was a offcael a brony
yay
00,10woops forgot it dont auto set them
oh
city today?
lol
transaction
Bosnia whut
Bosnia!
bosnia Oo
Tried that stress :D
contingency
:D
Directed by threat? XD
contingency
contingency!
I though that one cant sing with an accent.
melodies
steamy kitchen XD
doing the blind
doing the blind...?
She is doing it with the blinds
00,10and yes I know they have uploaded them all Panda|Drawing
for compassion
00,10but not with the CC left on.
coming twenty five
coming twenty five Oo
acts like fantasy :#
^^ Sumica oh XD
acts like fantasy
scottish-geeky-drawl: Feb 22nd 2012 I watch my first episode (Lesson Zero) feal in love with thew show and ended up watching every episode of MLP that was out that weekend. :P
:3
magically
MAGICALLY :D
*fell
yay
how do you act like fantasy? O_o
*the
hips racals princess died?
princess died D:
pc advice yet cruise deposit
XD
uh...
that's the...uuuuuuuh
NO CELESTIA DIED D;
pc advise?!
uh...
WTF
uh...
pc advice?
stretches and thats the uh...
thats all a got strecthes and thats the uh...
well im off to bed cya guys later :)
bye Sketch_Toku_Brony
Night Sketch_Toku_Brony sleep well
stretches and thats the uh.... forgot the lyrics? O_O
bye Sketch_Toku_Brony
Discrepancy!
meeting of the crime?
what the...
Whaaaat
meeting to crime..? what
did dot
Pinkie = Did dot
did dot
XD
dot...
denver thing i've man
Ponies47: i liked the show but i didnt call me self a brony *dont rwmber date* and after winter wrap up i calld my self a brony
untruths that are waiting for you O_O
families
denver thing
LOL
OH GOD FLUTTERSHY'S PART UPCOMING
premature deaths
denver thing ive man
premature deaths?!
/me :'(
premature deaths, oh god :D
CCCCCCCCCC
cccc!
O_O
cccc
CCCC!
CCCC :D
whose
OH GOD
lol
:D
damnit is only CCCC was here
FLUTTERSHY
wrap-around a okay
if*
a okay
transplants would cure those :D
STREAMERS :D
his demands
demandes
demanded
*her demands, cilly captions
his demands
INCOMING!
transplant could cure those :D
lol
*silly
BETRAYED
FIND POWER
change the future
demanded.... damn right XD
scottish-geeky-drawl: Called myself a brony right after I fell in love with the show. Hard to beleave I have been a brony for almost 6 months now. WHO CARES!??! I love being a brony! :D
affected cool
:D
best meme ever
deficient
white.
white.
white
20% Cooler
white
lol
WHAT?
okay...
fudge it woohoo
I have NO confidence in united Nations
:D
here in denver hotel
denver hotel!
20% cooler = white. How CC? Tell us how!
uh...
confidence in the united nations? really? XD
Conspiracy found!
Rarity is staying in the denver hotel
Alchemist: White people arent cool!
http://cheezburger.com/6482666496
this day aria?
I just fond a pony merch ad in a swiss kids magazine for the first time ever! it's been a good day
Dis video. <:
and hi Sumica & all
:D Crudeli time!
omg this!
oO
rly?
O_o
this time will soon come :)
O.o
Ohai
:D
SIT DOWN AND WATCH!
Ponies47: i think i been a bronyalmost idk now
xD
xDDD
WTF
IL MIO PAPERO
FCB = Barcelona, right?
almost a year for me
And then the great pony drought of 2011 ended
So this is how it went down here eh?
IT'S FINALLY HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEREE
I am this guy when Season 2 came out
G1 HAD AN AWESOME VILLIAN!
dafuq you jus say?
wait I know that voice
>.> you know... if i didnt discover ponies after season 2 started i would be like that too
WHAT? is this really what we do with our free time?
what fun is there in making ssence?!
He doesnt
Q!
audio unsynch
I know that's...Q
Q
q?
Q!
Dismo: yep. and we're happy with it
GOL
Q!
John de Lancie!!! HOH MAH GAWD :O
It's still funny that the guy hugs the old men and doesnt care about the pretty women in the studio.
Q!!!!!!
Q!
Q!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Q!Q!Q!Q!Q!Q!Q!
Go Back Where U Belong.
What was that piece called?
Q
lmao
WTF IS WRONG WITH Q?!
this is great
YEEES
00,10now how can I kill and hour.........
00,10oh I know
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOo
Sumica: ...
noooooooooooooo
Alchemist: he's too hard for Milan to notice them :D
Sumica: I know what you are thinking of
oh boy
here we go
INB4 tea party?
yay
YAY
Yay
Sumica: Ponies or the other P word
ANimation mistakes?
anthology 2
now some 3.5
FUCK YES!!!!
OH SHIt
YES!
YAY!
MY LITTLE BLOOPERS
HIAL DISCORD
O_o hm?
omg yes
It's WHITEHAWKPAUWNCH!
:D
I love this
xD
SEASON 1 MISTAKES
Oh this
ponibas: sumi said an hour not 2
all season 1
he's a vampire
making snes no fun i gree
SUCH A GOOD EYE FOR DETAIL
NO FRECKLES 1
the more you know
Dem freckles!
1-up
Not the bloopers! D:
he from star treck
Green
its Q
Red
red
blood
why do you care!
LAWL whut
LOL
but this is still awesome
well Twilight Sparkle is magic after all
:D
Nice eyebrow
xDDD
yees chaos HIAL DISCORD
xD
spectrum, sumi could also just start a play list that went on till it ended or anoter mod bumped him
dat bawance
That Library Door
:D
Mutha fuckin swag drops when rarity sings. Cause that mare got class.
the magic door
that door is a mess
This video in a nutshell: too much free time :D
Lol
magic door, never the same twice
Derpy pee'd
that door needs to get its life together
THE BLOB
lol
dat ackward moment
00,10I could also set it to pull randomly from the folder.
its chuewd
LOL
And she missed her freckles.
No Rarity, put your plot away please .__.
Slight animation errors are so important
Yes
Ikr
Bah. Nitpicky and everything :|
:3
Pinkie cant count.
LAWl
nope.avi
OMG WHO THE HELL CAERS
HAHAHAH
LOL
:D
Lol!
HoodyNinja: Soon there shall be NONE
Pinkie doesnt need school
xDD
ponychan's /show/ board would like to have a word with you, HoodyNinja
xD
frind chip
how can you enjoy the episode, if you're just watching for mistakes the whole time? *sigh*
dat eye
XD
Her tail!
:P
xD
This guy has a real thing for freezeframes :|
Eli: If you watch the episode the 50th time, so begin to notice these things automatically
Eli: The guy who made this watched each episode FRAME BY FRAME = He seen it ALOT
Eli: they take a good long look at each ep
-so +you
like three times
okay maybe 20 times
nice
xD
Magical wings
Sloooowwwwwwwdoooowwwwwwbbbbb
Vordox Yeah and he has a skilled eye
Was that a sadle?
XD
Fluttershy has mane exstensions too
Wait wtf,
LAWl wuut
O__o
Fluttershy gets her wings dyed
FRECKLE
NO FRECKLES
Pinkie Pie doesn't need eyelashes
Ping ping Ping ping Ping ping Ping ping Ping ping Ping ping Ping ping Ping ping Ping ping Ping ping Ping ping Ping ping
dem decorations
its like a freakin blackberry make it stop!
I noticed that when i first watched
LOST HAT
U R
Magic apples
http://funnyjunk.com/funny_pictures/3988288/Coolest+Escalator+ever/
i don't see the problem with the freckles... i have freckles too, but you don't see them all the time. it depends on the light
Yeah
LOL
Eli, you don't need to defend the show
this is all in good fun :3
I noticed this
IMMM BAAACKK!
00,10eli it was an error in AJ's run loop
i don't. i don't care about petty mistakes. i like it anyways
00,10it's missing every time she runs
LAWL
now one give a fling f@#@$
Eli: this video is "too much free time on your hands" :D
Sugarcube Corner is the Starbucks of Ponyville.
One per block.
Trrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrixie
great and powerful episode
CriticKitten, yesh :D
Dat innter Thigh + Plot shot
and crotch shot
my comp crashed earlier because mlp epicness
Tails are Magic
NAh das her crotch
I love inner cutie marks
well, trixie just has an inner thigh tatoo
^
No more PInkie Mouth :D
Slender Pie
she a naughty mare
FUCK STRAPS
steraps are so last season :3
straps*
the cape dum ass
oh god this
So many errors. XD
Ikr
dem saddlebags
Also sleep tiem.
LAWL
damn, how many times did this guy watch all episodes frame by frame?
night CriticKitten
xD
he got help from others
crowdsourcíng
actually, who the hell would watch even one episode frame by frame?
I would
^
I would
why???
FRECKLES
I mean. Alchemist
And now my cat is sleeping on my left leg :|
I wouldnt
00,10most of the errors can be covered as simple flash shortcuts
Someone who doesnt have anything to do
thats a lot of frames
Alchemist: people with even less to do than we have
Alchemist: For shits and giggles
Dat magnet theory
:O my freckles were missing
Fifth leg Rarity XD
he is happy
animation consistancy is VERY hard to keep. you are editing at average 24-26 fps. its impossible to account for them all >.<
Futa Rarity is now canon
alright Im tired, night guys
night HoodyNinja
good night HoodyNinja :)
night HoodyNinja
Night hoodyninjas!
Nighty night HoodyNinja
was it me or was dash missing her mark too?
Yeah she was
the guys who make the shows animation should hire the guy who made the vid...
ponibas: yup
gypsie magic
FREXKLES
pinkie sumoned pastries :D
DAT POINT
messy mane twilight is best twilight
OH GOD
xD
Twi wouldn't look half bad with ruffled hair
DECPIATION
No? No? No? No? NO?
lol
FATALITY!
So... Yeah Applejack is dead... NO wonder she NEVER have screen time D:
Yeah hump dat zebra ear
dat NO!
00,10zomg apple bloom is missing her cutie mark.......oh right
LOL
4 Trixies!
xD
so many trixies
saddlebags, how do they work?
and they said Trixie never came back
oh my god, WHO THE HELL CARES ABOUT THE RINGS?
was the trixie wearing sunglasses?
the trixies look like they are wearing sun glasses XD
Door time!
i guess you could say fluttershy left her strap-on:S
all doors are magic
BEES!
Spectrum_Rush: NO....
they just break many doors throghout the series and that's why they have new doors each episode
Ping Ping Ping Ping Ping Ping Ping Ping Ping
Ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping
take a shot for each time AJ's freckles went missing
:D
morning guys
ello Chrysalis
That's just PInkie being Pinkie
00,10drink
http://funnyjunk.com/funny_pictures/3987861/Did+Someone+Say+Party/
huh, is this the errors vid
it is
hi Chrysalis
cool
LOOOOL
/me is away: Sleeping~
11,02O.O
also bees :D
Hey SuperBrony64!!!
oh god
No thegt90 Just no
Haaaaaaaaaaw
11,02Few moar days till the Apple Fair ^-^
11,02Hai MadSurge :D
:O
SuperBrony64, Apple Fair?
Sb64: Where is the apple fair
11,02Sebastopol :O
Wait... Is this the whole like over 1 hour long version? ;-;
Dat Cupcakes reference pic
11,02Dat DeathStar :D
Will they have a big cut out of AJ at the apple fair?
11,02idk, but dat would be cool :3
/me dances on SuperBrony64 s head
Sebastopol? Is that in syracuse?
Syracuse/new york
no one of the animator knew that people would care
+s
11,02Sebastopol is in CA O.O
DANG IT
plot shot
Gotta sleep.. Night everypony.
/me is in CA o.o
This episode is full of errors :D
nite lowfn
night dude
good night lolfn
11,02It's also where those lucky ponies have a test market for 1 gbps internet >>
Lawl Cutie mark big time miss
11,02Night lowfn :)
Night lowfn
night lowfn
Night lowfn
night lowfn
DeathStar: ello comrad
Apple fair as in fruit or company?
hi scottish-geeky-drawl
DeathStar: what u up to
11,02The fruit, they have a huge Apple farm there :D
scottish-geeky-drawl: nuthin' much
oh ok :P
lol
DeathStar: cool
DAT SWEETIE BELL recolour
afk!
dat cheerlie face
Sweetie Belle and Scootaloo palette swaps!
http://www.equestriadaily.com/ someone is really excited about this new blind bag pony
:D
hope I can get my hands on a few of this
Winter Wrap-Up has late stuff, while it has errors which makes it look like it's early.
drink
/me CONSPIRACY.
....
11,02daring_derpy: Who? The website? Websites have no souls o-o
Whoa
websites are made from people
ZOMG........ -Buys all mlp: fim toys-
I DIDN'T PUT THOSE IN MY BAG
Lawl dat Rarity
so technically, they have souls
:D
drink
except gypsie websites
drink drink drink drink drink drink drink drink
00,10ow my liver
drink once moar
drink drink drink drink drink
alot of these errors can be explained because they have ALOT of different animators
drink drink drink drink drink drink drink
drink drink drink drink drink drink drink drink drink
/me is ded.
oh god drinks everywhere
I love AJ brushing RD's face with her tail :D
haha
untz untz untz
Everytime there is a animation error grab root beet and drink it
No way I do that
/me drinks while dead.
and thus, rainbow ass became the worst character on the show
/me trolls kids on halo while whatching MLP
Lawl RAinbow Dash is cheating
She cloned
11,02O.O
11,02Rainbow Dash is cheating? D:
^
http://www.ebay.com/itm/HASBRO-MY-LITTLE-PONY-FRIENDSHIP-IS-MAGIC-BLIND-BAG-FIGURE-P102-/280938090995?pt=LH_DefaultDomain_0&hash=item41693711f3 some chinese worker stole it from the pony factory
I CAN'T DRINK MORE
42 tekeela shots!!!!!!!!!
youdontsay.jpg
changelings! changelings everywhere!
double rainbow!
daring_derpy: HELL YEAH :)
i mean lol
/me drinks more AND MOAR AND MOAR more more more more more more MOAR MOAR.... HUGRGBEALRUGH.
OFF WITH RD'S HEAD
daring_derpt:-smells this- What is this? -sniffs it again- WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS CRAP?
!SEKACUP TAE
so drunk that you cant even drink anymore? :D
Yes
OMG what is this..... XD
PuddingCupz: Spicy ramen noodles powder. :3
IDEEEAAAAAA
her hoof fell off
PuddingCupz: probably a season 3 spoiler
Goodnight everypony.
ninja_pony: My little animation error: errors are magic
good night Polydunami :)
Polydunami: cheers
night polydunami
11,02Night Polydunami :)
night Polydunami
I'm out of here
O.o
TELEPORT
brb got to get somthing
TIME PARADOX!
DRINK
.....bluerg....Must....Live...
Twilight gets the most injured in the show
it is a pinkie episode... why should it make sense?
DRINK
Moar...drinks...
plot
DRINK
DAMNIT AJ!
DRINK
why wont they let AJ keep her freckles :(
IM...........THIRSTY......FOR POTATO! asdfsfhdghjd
Idk
Im scared http://derpy.me/Y3S-a
is this season 1 only?
Yes i think so
Yeah
Most of the "no freckles" problem was caused by the running cycle made for Applejack. :I
Alchemist: don't blink
Yeah
Alchemist: i'm kinda freaked out by that...
11,02Way up high...
I NEVER BLINK.........OR SLEEP 0-0
nope
Alchemist: :D
11,02In the Rolie Polie sky...
ninja_pony: Preferences.
;)
back
:(/)yay(\
AJs hat is better
11,02I forget the rest of the lyrics >>
the doctor changes his apearence from time to time :P
Really? Omg WHO THE FUCKING HELL CARES?
daring_derpy: ahhhh kk i was like they are all the same videos 0.o
:P
So far no AJ freckles again
I'm happy
hello
11,02pony_804134: Hai :D
pony_804134: Hai very long number name =3
11,02You're mah new friend ^-^
what are you talking about? :)
/me hugs pony_804134
Get back here asshole!
Brohoof!
/me /)(\ pony_804134
One of them said that
/me offers brohoof to pont_804134
WHAT
11,02wut
Sweetie stole Scoot's LINES!
*lol so many typos :(
moar plot shots
O_O
Nuuuu fluttershy!
DRINK
DAMNIT
gimmie your friendchips
Eww, ponies.
/me zips another glass
WINDY MANES
Eww malavolent.
This si supposed to happen eww ponies guy.
Hi Malavolent :D
00,10cherrliee is like uhwut
saddlebags are magic
Poor Scootaloo. XD
free stuff
is this season 3?
lol
11,022 AM :O
ah well... see you all later
11,02I'm off to bed for now, night all ^-^
My little animation error : Errors Are Magic
Good niht Supr
night SuperBrony64
Bye super!
SuperBrony64 get to sle- oh XD
11,02Later Eli :)
night SuperBrony64 and Eli
Nighty SuperBrony64|Zzz! :)
good night SuperBrony64|Zzz :)
Mind I request one final video before you go, Sumica? =3
Bucking saddlebags, how do they work?
00,10depends
not really night for me :) it's 11am
discovery science
Sumica: I assure you not MANY here have seen or heard the video
same for me eli
lephra ponies
at me it is 11 am
DeathStar: sooo
12 pm
5:00 am dad wakes up
TURN OFF THAT SHIT AND GO TO SLEEP
Nah.
:C
Vordox: abd the video would be?
woke up at 1:00 am
WATCH MORE PONIES
RDashie ban evading again
NUUUUUUUUUUUUUUuu
I wonder who watch the episodes frame by frame to see these mistakes.
ohai RDashie
didnt you get banned last night for tha
nuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Someone has just too much time on their hands.
hey :3
i did .....
do you want me outta here?
im not a mod
just go for an appeal
there wasnt much in the original.... oh hes gone
needs more legs
who is streaming
XD
Mane to the face
DRINK
hey SuperBrony64|Zzz, would it be possible to get a sysop involved with Rdashie? Just saying :)
drink
DRINK
RDashie really?
Ugly to the face
hey, im just trying to watch this
RDashie you realize you are ban evading... right? >.>
iirc you were permabaned
Guys, everyone.
Behave.
RDashie: Using another computer?
this video is why it takes soo long for seson tree
what did they ban you for?
i have no idea how hes getting so many new idents
daring_derpy he was being an ass last night
then evaded and got permabanned
how
Chrysalis using different ports
Chrysalis: delete flash cache, get new ip number, new id ready
yeah but a new ip that quick is impressive
my personal record on another chat is 27 bans in an hour
i do it in 5 secs -_-
man my router takes a full minute to get me a new IP
00,10ok so would you like to go for network ban then LeGoup?
well no
00,10because you are working your way to one
but
sumica pls listen
Chrysalis: How did he get banned. I know he was a ass but what kind of ass?
ive been banned for no reason
i hate that
:C
cant remember honestly
it was quite late
00,10by whos defanation?
i might go back through my logs
Sumica what kind of ass(Hating( did he do
00,10yours?
no really, i asked the guy who banned me last night
is there rules somewhere cause i dont wanna be banned :(
no reason
DRINK
Issue arising here I see.
the rules button in top of screen Greenkill
http://www.bronystate.net/rules/
wrek is a bit moody when it comes to banning
Investigation required here, mods?
11,02Dat bicyclerepairman
wait if ur sleeping how can u anser?
SuperBrony64|Zzz: back to bed silleh filleh :3
11,02><
00,10well guess what, ban evading to say the ban was wrong is not ther right way.
SuperBrony64|Zzz are you STILL awake
SuperBrony64|Zzz: Weren't you sleeping? :P
you should of been in bed ages ago
Sumica: He's just trying to commune before a prejudged ban
Sumica: Pretty standard reaction to someone that feels unjustified maybe?
well, and what am i supposed to say in the ban appeal, NO REASON? like anyone would believe me....
thats what the appeal email is for
00,10PM's still work
LeGoup thats what chatlogs are for, theyd probably go back through
still, evading a ban to dispute said ban IN PUBLIC, is NOT the right way to do things
Ryunosuke: It can be. :P
im back
no, its not
i know
Ryunosuke: It's called Public Opinion and exposure.
11,02LeGoup...
wtf is goin on?
and im sorry
but
that just makes you look like an ass and a douche
when i asked for a reason
Brony2447 stream is showing animation errors from season 1
11,02Just send an appeal explaining what happened and we'll get back to you as soon as we can.
Ryunosuke: No, it does not.
chat is discussing bans
now i habe read the rules
:C oaky
00,10guess what making a public desplay of it wont help your case
have*
Chrysalis: lol ok
insta pies, brought to you by Spike
trolestia
until then, use a less obvious id, LeGoup
11,02If you give us a good reason to unban you, we'll consider it.
well
do i still have a chance?
00,10did that one wrong
11,02Yes
okay....
11,02Everyone who is banned has a chance to appeal to be unbanned.
put bag and blanket
/me listens intently to this, considering I am based on neutrality in these cases.
00,10and to be frank LeGoup, it was a time ban that you recived.
I remember my ban, me and Wreck got into an argument.
24 hours i know
but no reason was given
so i came back
i dont think i could go 24hours without bronystate
and asked for it
fluttershy a mud pony?
and then i remember the guy made fun of me
00,10you know the page still loads yes?
i dont remember his nme
legroup, i know bronystate is the best chat ever, but really, is 24 hours really that bad of a ban? :)
it is, when youre bored
Ryunosuke: It got nothing with that. :P
believe me
man the boredome
24hours without chat
hey SuperBrony64|Zzz im sorry , ill try to appeal it, i guess i cant stay here now can i? :C
fluttershy was a long legged filly
was your 24hours up?
Time Ban =/= Perma ban
They are not the same, but considering you are have been warned with that time ban, and that's what you wish to appeal to question on what terms.
11,02LeGoup: Sorry, you can't. If you're banned, you can't stay until you are unbanned. Just send an email, and hopefully things will be alright :)
*fun
MadSurge: :o
Ponies47: DeathStar hay gees what
and another question
SuperBrony64|Zzz: Wasn't it a TIme Ban?
scottish-geeky-drawl: pickles?
MadSurge: oh yes thats right
the theatre rooms all link to this one except on official streams
....
DeathStar: nope i just finshd two new drwalings
lol
dat sticker
So what case is LeGroup on?
Drink!
Rainbow dash hit 88mph
Perma Ban or Time Ban? Cause this seems to be double ban here for some reason.
^
DRINK SHE IS MISSING HER FRECKALS
11,02LeGoup: Yes, when you are banned, you are banned from all of BronyState's official chat rooms.
did you not see the math? rainbow dash can cruise at mach5
but not the network
omg D:
and after a sonic rainboom, can fly at mach 10
11,02If you have further questions, feel free to PM me or send the appeal to bronystate@gmail.com
lol
no drinks for awhile now
DRINK
hehe
man, now i feel bad, 2 people got removed from the chat :( i only inteded to point out rdashies ban evasion :(
socks in trash can?!
What the heck is happening here Mods...?
Socks now cannon
Yeah, i just joined, what happened?
00,10Chrysalis, same person
ah legoup = rdashie?
00,10yes
i dont feel bad anymore
lol Chrysalis
11,02Vordox: LeGoup and RDashie are the same person. What was once a timeban, turned into a permaban due to ban evading.
SuperBrony64|Zzz: And person knew this?
(Aka read the rules)
it turned into a permaban about 1 minute after the time ban last night
00,10it was posted in the kick message as well Vordox
Vordox when you first come here it is implied you know the rules >.>
Yeah
Using Light Irc, Mica, so cannot see those
Brb gotta take out trash and plastic
/me never reads rules
the rules are listed in the channel topic (/topic)
I can say, from what I saw <-- WTF IS THAT
00,10light irc stoped showing them?
KICK!
how lng is this vid T_T
CYCLOPS
Sumica: Using the HTML one so I cannot see it, unless it's shown in the main ponychat startup Irc
last episode
ok
YAY
Which it does not.
daring_derpy well its a good thing you are a good pony eh? :D
:) always
me in 20 years http://funnyjunk.com/funny_pictures/3989456/Why+i+shouldn+t+be+a+father/
the eyes :O
I can say, from what I saw from RDashie yesterday was "Strong personality" that can make other people deduce a fast statement, even implying rude. But Strong opinions are allowed, as long as it never escaltes.
Unless it's rudely behavour on it, then it requires change, no doubt. What case was RDashie?
00,10yep gonna call ya a lier Vordox
Holy crap I better go to bed IRL now :$
00,10popup window says the exact message of the kick.
Good night everypony :)
night Ponies47
I'm not seeing anything about kickings or bannings
Ponies47: gn! :)
00,10I did not kick you.
Google Chrome, and on Theather/Applejack flash
Vordox if your on the webclient you wont
00,10the person kicked gets the message
Oh yeah that I see. :P
I thought you meant when OTHERS got kicked
00,10otheres in chat dont need to see the message
<-- Creppy Celes
dat slow-mo laughing
i can cause I am using hydra ;)
No... not season two!
lol
Vordox if your on an external client you can see them
Yeah but Rdashie said he did not get a reason for the ban..
oh wow
That's something I'm worried about
season 2?
Chrysalis: That I know, but I'm using Light IRc, as stated.
what's this?
SO HOW LONG IS THIS GONNA BE.........
DeathStar: how do u pm
can only be a few more hours
hehe
Err...
Dat Plot
So much troll.
I've been kicked over 270 times already, Sumica :P
G'morning Bronies
00,10no Vordox
thats total kick count
blank flanks everywhere!
not personal kick count
00,10I have kicked 270 times sence I added the timer
thats how many kicks sumica has done
... That's a suprising effect.
surely its a counter not a timer
RDashie probably cliked out of the window quickly and never saw the message
so much plot
00,10true
Wait.. YOU have kicked?
250 of those kicks is otakon spamming :)
scottish-geeky-drawl: well you can right click someones name in the list of people in chat, or just click it a bunch of times
00,10it's also 230am so brain is more duh then normal
So if we take in Wrek's kicks and yours together... We have the total Kick Count?
its 426 here
Plots, plots everywhere
NoooooO! Crediits!!!
<3 this song
the end
No moar?
scottish-geeky-drawl: also I'm going to bed now
00,10but now you see what he would have seen Vordox
THANK CELESTIA ITS OVER!
that was interesting...
Yeah, but he said he saw NO reason for the ban.
dern i wanted to siend u somthing
season 2 now?
Forest rain YAY!
NO
ITS
NO :[
it hurts my brainz
scottish-geeky-drawl: you can always send it tomoroow
¬_¬ he could be lieing
gen 3,5 ponies then?
:[:[NO MORE BLOOPERS:[:[
3.5*
Yes.
death its a nice dance
00,10I would have to check my logs for the exact wording but a message was given.
i want music
DeathStar: its a nice dance
At least THATS better. :|
Who was streaming?
gen 3.5 errors?
scottish-geeky-drawl: O.O dance!
That message is in existance as proof?
NO. -Me Gusta!-
Of course, if you have it, his whole alibi is shattered 0P
=P
00,10I was there when he was first band Vordox
Hmmm.
well...
Something besides that.
what now?
D:
Stream over!
SHOO BE DOOO
Yes this crap.
NNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Sumica stream over D:
Aaaand the obligatory seaponies. =P
00,10unfortunatly yeah
:(
Of course right when I reconnect, Sumi's stream is ending :(
awwww
end of stream :(
Sumica: Dat damn midnight
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Sumica i want u to stream again ur streams r cool D:
thanks for the streamsumi
00,10well atleast for a bit =p
Oh no.
Mica*
tnx for stream Sumica :)
I was having problems reconnecting to the site...stupid computer...
Who is streaming now then?
OMG KILL IT WITH FIRE oh wait...
Thanks for the stream...at least what I was able to watch :P
00,10I do have to dig up logs but once i do that i could probably continue
thx 4 stream (^_^) /)
hopefully Wrek|Suspended or Phase4 will pick up stream
sumi i htought you said you fall asleep before midnight now :S
00,10asuming no one takes over
Ty for stream /(
Wrek is sleeping
00,10I am off work this week
Not sure on Phase4 I think he's awake.
wait...
WHAT
Sumica: How can you work and watch ponies at same time later? :P
bacon and apllejack!
THAT ISNT APPLEJACK.
Aww cute picture!
whos a aussie?
and now for the obligatory fanart...
inb4 celestia drops twilight
Dwaaaaa
AAWWWW :D
I find it very funny...
00,10Besides I have videos to preview too Vordox
All your reaction shere. :P
Ok ive been meaning to ask, Whats inb4?
Sumica: Oh... Right...
http://funnyjunk.com/funny_pictures/3987922/gold/
/me scampers back
in before
imm hit the hay ... no pun iteided
night scottish-geeky-drawl
scottish-geeky-drawl: You sleep on hay too!?
Vordox: its a little ichy but ya
scottish-geeky-drawl: Happy rolling
allrite cy brony state
Bed > Hay
Vordox: you to man (\
She is... twilightdor! FUS RO STUDY!!!!!
PO-NIE-TIME!
and i leve on this note BACON
Awww The Pony Queen :D
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
damn
Thanks for the stream Sumica :)
http://img-cache.cdn.gaiaonline.com/729ab74302c34326d0c7f3c07f2c9a70/http://i1108.photobucket.com/albums/h405/HybridMind/photo-2.jpg <<<WIN!
http://tiarawhy.tumblr.com/ Oh god WHY
Seth is now best pony
who's seth green?
Who is Seth Green...?
:o
you dont know?!
:O
it rings a bell
but i guess ill have to look it up
ever seen austin powers?
WELCOME TO THE BRONYHOOD EVERYONE!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fONNintDnWA
Brony2447: yea
also he created Robot Chicken
andy: hes dr evils son :P
this would make me get a xbox http://funnyjunk.com/channel/ponytime/Do+it+NOW/pnhdGca/
nice
Who cares for Family Guy .__. that show is awful
now it is
D:
lol heres another pic thats hilarious >>> http://media.photobucket.com/image/recent/Taranchula/1293226278649-n1293387907844.png
Old Family Guy is okay, everything after the revival is just awful.
i prefer Futurama
OtakuTom: there was a revival?!
I don't really care for Family Guy myself. Some of what they have in that show is funny, but most of it is just... bad.
lemme ask somethin if yall dont mind the rulses say no vids so is that only during stream or not at all?
/me pokes Wrek|Suspended and Phase4 with a stick.
You awake?
Brony2447: only during the stream
Now you can post videos
Sumica, i have a question
MadSurge: so if iwanted to show you someting now it would be ok?
Yea. He ended the show originally in late 2001/early 2002. Rumor has it that he was supposed to be on one of the flights hijacked in the 9/11 attacks, and he decided to end it because of that.
00,10hmmm?
Brony2447: videolinks are prohibited only during stream, so yeah
you awake?
Sumica, ok theres a proper movie called Kama Sutra a tale of love
MadSurge: ok thx
After the show started airing on Adult Swim, there was enough fan demand to bring the show back on Fox.
Sumica, would that be allowed on BMN or EMN
Sumica, its a Indian movie
Sumica, its not all sex
Sumica, theres 2 or so scenes in it tho
WHOA
Phase4: stream
Hai Phase4 =3
:O
oh look stram
steam
Dat Intro music you have Phase4 <3
*
00,10did't you get told yester day about that one?
dem icons
wtf is this?
wake up its a Phase4 stream http://i.imgur.com/DXbud.jpg
Hey Phase4! :D
Sumica, he said maybe i wanted to check with a mod
Lawl Spectrum_Rush :D Same here
no Phase4
my stick poking skills have won :3
ok....
ponies!
00,02gee, i wonder who's streaming 6_9
cant be Phase4
/me 00,02hugs #bronystate
:3
More sacrificial Kerbals?
/me glomps Phase4
00,10well it would probably depends on the content of the sex. The room had implyed sex but not much was seen so it was played.
i want that RPG......NOWWWWWw
Phase4: Is this your official intro theme song?
HOW DO U GET DESKTOP PONIES!?!?! I cant get them somehow!
PuddingCupz: google them and download them...
Sumica, oh so its been streamed b4?
00,10Samuri Cop was shot down because it's sex added noting to the story and was out right gratutious.
Oh BRB
00,02Vordox, the two versions of this song and 'coward killing time'
Phase4: OH! Have you seen this link then!
PuddingCupz: desktopponies.com
Sumica, so its been shown?
00,02you guys get to see me research speakers for a bit
00,10PuddingCupz, googe desk topponies
00,10no it has not been snowen Aps
oh dats right Phase4 got some new speakers
people really like tthis song!
00,10I was leting you know it depends on the content of the scene
Sumica, its 3 scenes if i remember correctly
It's Coward Killing time!
http://funnyjunk.com/channel/ponytime/Unicorn+meat/YhidGLu/
writing a fan-fic ftw
00,10not number of.
00,10content.
k Sumica i understand
00,10dose the sex have any story to it or is it just sex
Will a movie with the actor Martin Lawrence be considered an A movie?
Sumica, u only see boobs and butts
Sumica, it has story to it
00,10is it full sex or just implyed sex
Sumica, its not full blown porn movie sex
http://funnyjunk.com/funny_pictures/3989707/When+you+see+it/
/me loves Pinkie a lot <3
Sumica, anyways ill be back l8r
00,10you are welcome to vote for it and now that I know of it I wount kill it out right should it win
brb
MadSurge, /)
k Sumica
Ewww math
What's this song called?
Gold_Demona: Party with Pinkie
00,10looks like sound range math
i wonder if anyone will ever enter the G1 pony movie for BMN :D
MadSurge: Thanks. =)
00,02dem complicated parameters
Ooooh, math :P
00,10it happens all the time
lots have
00,02Sumica, theile/small parameters
00,02so
00,10and it was shot down as a pick 2 weeks ago
Phase4: I'm a person who just "Does" stuff. With no preperations :P
00,02kerbal or magicka?
hmm
Phase4: Oh!Magicka mayhem!
00,10we showed it during the 1 year event so it's no up for showing again
00,02Vordox, you meen i'm you or you i'm?
oh
Phase4: When finding stuff
Phase4: Like "is this loud enough" <-- Crank up the volume and see if it works enough:P
00,02XD
00,02yeah, i'm a hybrid of the two
i liek potatoes :P
00,02i'll sit down and work it out
Phase4: Depends on investiment I guess. :P
00,02but probably after not doing so
00,02eg: kerbal
Yeah but that's MEANT to be crazy :P
00,02lol, magicka updated again
Aweshum. :3
i guess im gonna sign off now see you later everypony :)
Alright, bye Brony2447
byeeee~
Later Brony2447
cya :)
bye Brony2447
Phase4: I'll join!
Hi all :)
00,02ip will be 118.209.197.30
00,02password will be Ponies
Magicka a good game?
11,02Zzz -.-
It looks pretty good
00,02SuperBrony64|Zzz, your nick is lies D:
^
00,02games up
^^
00,02LegoBrony, YES
/me sleep walks over to Phase4 and hugs
00,02the demo gives you a general idea of what happens
Hiya guys
00,02but it gets better
/me 00,02hugs SuperBrony64|Zzz back
Hey there WG
00,02oh damn, storm here and the power dipped
bbl guys
00,02so my internet might just drop sometime tonight
00,02y u guys no joining game :<
Phase4: Where do you live? Europe?
00,02ip 118.209.197.30
00,02WG, Australia
Phase4: Eh, that explains why we don't get storms lol
at least not for now
Exact opposite side of the world from me. Awesome! =D
Grr, don't have change for a $10 and I don't have a credit card :(
Gold_Demona: Don't worry, it'll come back. Last time we had ICE falling at 25 degree celsius
By the way Phase4, what game?
00,02Magicka
00,02wonder where Vordox went
00,02there he is :3
00,02anyone else with magicka?
Can I send Invite to you Phase?
00,02sure
00,02i'm Phase4 on steam
Phase4: It looks like LoL, Diablo III (no I doN't play that)
Okay.
00,02not Phase, thats someone else
So does every mod have their own desktop pony to identify who's streaming?
00,02Gold_Demona, i think we all do now
That's really cool. =)
I never got the meaning of spongebob streams
/me has a jar of dirt.
00,02LegoBrony, you gona join?
i thought you guys always watch MLP
Next round.
00,02k
WG: Not all the time. That'd get boring. =P
I have to watch the gameplay cause i don't have it >_<
Phase4: So what is that game about?
00,02exploding
^
So..exploding stuff up
We got the perfect balance of ponies and other stuff here. :3
You in a party i can join Phase?
sounds like great fun
Didn't know that Phase4 was streaming.... :/
YES KILL EACH OTHER
MadSurge, stop being mad
CapTaIn_MasterBoss43: I'm not mad, I'm having fun :D
MadSurge, okay.
night yall ima pass out
Night thegt90.
I actually asked Phase4 to play with me, seems like i got the older version :/
night thegt90
00,02ah
Dat mine spell
Wow, it's perfect :D
BOOST YOUR SHIELD GODDAMMIT
:O
ohai majicka
Magicka*
that scandanavian accent
also
BWEEE
vlad, who is totally NOT a vampire
fire explosion mines :)
I wonder how u handle haters
Let's say I'm a hater here
IM BACK......
*insert ranting*
*ure just a ghey fag* (typical comment_
*insert counter-ranting*
I WAS FROZEN TODAY
ok here comes the real test
well if you really dont like it thats fine by me but no need to hate were all friends here
OMG FUCKING BRONIES
gAY
All kind
NOT COOL
YO THAR HAO R YO MAEEH LEETOL POHNEEZ?
D:
uhh what?
LOLhai
sup?
hello?
do a double heal mine
Hey BrOnyxia
hello
iwas just demonstratin how to handle haters...
ah lol
i just came here
yeah
ik srry for not saying hi
sorry :D
so....hi :)
lol np
hilaw
heal fail
adn np
any way
#1 rule for parasprites is to ignore them.
so hao handel hatorz
id prefer to befriend them or at least figure out why they are bashing
lol
Skype :D
i have my ways but well dk
lol ok
what game is ths?
Silly trolls, don't they know bronies can't be trolled :D
Brony2447: Magicka
MadSurge: oh ok lol
MadSurge: lol i guess theyre so lonely they have to hate on us just bacause were different,sad really...
:D was one spell called "crash to desktop"?
wtf?
...
believe it reverses walk directions
would be funny if it actually chrashed though
this game looks confusing :S
^
So many zombies
and skeles
DED
pwned...
ded
thats a sht load of zombies
so does this story actually have plot? :S
ded
also who's the pony on top right of screen?
its Phase4's OC
ok
cool
is phase4 a mod?
00,02this is not goign well
00,02Brony2447, tech
Phase4: oh ok thx :)
ded
holy sheet....
Inb4 DED
^
grats on 'cheiv
00,02i think we won
awesome grats! :)
O__O
DED
ded
Phase4: arcane heals undead
Phase4: Knew there was a catch to it
VICTOLY
whos the other guy?
Vordox I think
oh ok
reminds me of diablo...
00,02ok
00,02you guys
00,02any of you guys have magicka?
i do
no srry :(
nope
need some help?
i do
This doesn't look like my kind of game.
this game looks intresting though
me either too complecated :S
Phase4 whats the gamename/ip
well it 530 in the morning...i survived th night
118.209.197.30 And password is ponies
It's 6:30am where I am
00,02118.209.197.30
00,02password is ponies
4:30 AM
00,02i'll open th elobby soon
3:30 am here
Any other games you got Phase?
5:30AM, huzzah.
game already in progress
anypony have maplestory?
Me.
:O what world?
majickas not dropin/dropout
LegoBrony: what world do you play in?
Um first one i think.
LegoBrony: Renegades?
Yeah.
00,02lobby open
00,02Chrysalis, Ping
LegoBrony: cool what lvl are you?
00,02olol
00,02ninja join
Lv.22 i think
LegoBrony: wow you dont play much do you?
Yeah...
LegoBrony: whats your class?
Mage.
LegoBrony: cool you must enjoy that :)
oooooooooh Phase4
Yeah, I'd rather be archer though.
Yay he's playing magicka
LegoBrony: yeah i have a phantom which is a good class
LegoBrony: hes lvl 63 i think
Brony2247: what does phantom do?
Oh.
LegoBrony: yeah and there weapon is a cane
LegoBrony: did i just make it sound lame?
Kinda XD
Like a sir?
LegoBrony: well you never know till you try
True.
LegoBrony: i mean if i didnt try new things i wouldent be a brony and that would be bad
Yeah :O
cause you know bronies are awesome :D
How long ago is that stream?
like 5 min behind i think
Is it delayed time because it's in Australia>
LegoBrony: oh tht explains
LegoBrony: so ehen was the last time you mapled?
Like a week ago.
Maplestory... We meet again...
LegoBrony: oh well they released a patch making dual blade a playable class again
Cool.
LegoBrony: lol you dont really care do you?
Yeah...
LegoBrony: well i cant blame you for not playing something
You have a party?
LegoBrony: you mean guild?
Yeah.
LegoBrony: yup
just started it yesterday
Could I join it?
sure but is not on renegades world
Oh.
srry :(
Its ok.
*It's
you could always start a new char i mean you said you would prefer a bowman any way right?
Brony2447: Yeah.
LegoBrony: im not tellin you to just a thought
LegoBrony: do you have xbox live?
You have killing floor?
Yeah.
LegoBrony: say what?
Nvm
lol ok
oh wait thats a game isnt it?
i dont have it lol
I don't go on Xbox live because I can't play multiplayer without GOd member ship :P
Oh, is the game full?
LegoBrony: lol yeah that will bite you sometimes...
you can still add me if you ever wanna talk my Gtag is LucrativeMoth06 if ure interested
Okay.
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6dyjoZEpD1rpe1yfo1_500.gif
LegoBrony: i can tell in your typng that your tird
Yes. I am. :(
hey eveypony i want to propose an idea
well actually i already wrote the idea
LegoBrony: oh well i hope you get good sleep eventually :)
Quick_Thinker: what is it?
any way the idea is a crossover with scott pilgrim VS the world called Scoot Pilgrim VS Equestria :D
I think i'll make pudding, Cause it's around 4:00 AM
LegoBrony: send me some :P
Quick_Thinker: lol sounds funny
already have chapter 1 writen on fan fic and fim fic should have it up in say maybe 5 hours since its like 6 AM where i am
I'm throwing it but nothing is happening. >_>
Quick_Thinker: oh ok
Quick_Thinker: cant wait to read sounds awesome :)
anyway heres the fan fic link i tried to re create the opening from the movie in text form but no matter what it would not fucking chnage to what i wanted it to be
Is it grimdark ?
no
okay.
i never dabble in clop grimdark or horror
Quick_Thinker: so do you have a fan char?
well i guess i did dabble in it with MLP Day Z is Magic
:megusta:
not really
Quick_Thinker: oh ok
My troll emoticons don't work here...
Quick_Thinker: i dont either but then again this is my second day of being brony ^_^
its my 6 month and running
Quick_Thinker: cool :)
whos ure fav pony?
Quick_Thinker: whos ure fav pony?
hm Twilight
Silly Quick_Thinker
Quick_Thinker: mine is pinkie pie
That's not how you spell Trixie
because you know pinkie is awesome
http://www.fanfiction.net/s/8409916/1/Scoot_Pilgrim_VS_Equestria anyway here is the link im off to bed stayed up all night brain storming ideas for this story
Brony2447: excellent choice :$
MadSurge: yup shes the reason im a brony :O
Night Quick_Thinker!
well night all
Quick_Thinker: gn have good sleep
Brony2447: How so? :O
00,02its taking its time
yea
00,02BLEIGH
MadSurge: idk i just sparked when i saw her its just unexplainable...
is it stuck loading for you guys?
00,02yeah
damnit majicka
restart?
MadSurge: not to mention it makes me rofl...
*she
/me glomps Chrysalis
im sorry pinkie pie for calling you it :(
Brony2447: she's awesome <3
nemnemnemnem
MadSurge: yes of course :O
00,02um
lol i judt loooove that face :O <3
you might have to just close it Phase4
00,02yeah
/me brohoofs MadSurge
Phase4: Is there room for one more?
Uhh that sounds dirty
Brony2447: (\
I have to go now. Thanks for the stream Phase4
MadSurge: (^_^)/)(\(^_^)
Time to fail horribly in cross country running
00,02118.209.197.30
00,02password is Ponies
<.<
Stream is behind like...
4 minutes
XD
And my Magicka crashed :P
I give up on it, Sorry Phase.
Oi, refreshing helps
Vordox: and this kids is why you dont let derpy install your magicka...
Brony2447: Just wait, check this boss fight with the COunt :P
Brony2447: Also, Magicka is INFAMOUS for it's netcode issues
Steam is breaking on me too
Vordox: WOW THAT IS FAIL
Vordox: you died in 0.35635 sec
damnit majicka
Brony2447: Check the bsos as I said :P
locked up in the same place
oh wait
woop
Vordox: as soon as i get to that part :P
Phase4: And we talked about GOOD coding, Phase? :D
well im off night everypony :)
00,02XD
dat buffering x.x
Also Phase4 ... Dem beaches man, dem beaches. :D
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Magicka crashed xD
unstable game is unstable
Vordox: That is the most fail boss ever...just wow....
Brony2447, that was Vlad.
Kandarihu: oh i can see that lol :P
Dat past chat...
vlad!the worst vamp since count chocula...
You remember in Chapter 3 when Vlad was flying the airship, and he suddenly left the helm claiming to sense a disturbance in his village? That's why
Wow.
Kandarihu: uhh yeah if iknew wtf you were talking about i would agree
There was a lot of skippage around there.
Kandarihu: so are you done playing it or did you just restart?
Er, it was now, right? Okay. The wizards came upon the village that Vlad was ruling, and he kept the villagers under his thumb with poor health
I'm not playing. I want to play, but I can't get in.
i swear applejacks (cereal) should hove Apple Jack on the cover instead of the stoned apple and jamaican cinnamon. imean seriously? who wouldnt want appljack on there cereal?
I'm getting those infamous Phase4 lag times again. The stream is behind by minutes.
00,02yeah, still not sure how to fix that
VOTING TIME: ( ) apple jacks the way it is or ( ) apple jack on it
It's not even consistant. It might be out of your hands. It certainly didn't happen in recent days. Until today, it's been quite a while since the last time it happened.
Hey there everypony.
BronyJenkins|TF2: hello :)
^_^ How are you today?
good u?
Yeah, great, thanks.
np
hey
brohoof
(^_^)/)
(\ (^_^)
(^_^)/)(\(^_^) EPIC WIN~~
EVERYBODY BROHOOF!!!!
Nopony else is here. ._.
:( awwwwwww
Ohai I'm here
:S
Ohaider
MASS BROHOOF
lolwut
(\("-")/) DOUBLE BROHOOF!
(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)
TRIPLE BROHOOF EPIC WIN~~~
/)()(\
That looks about right...
yes the one meets in the middle...
now we need about 400 moar ponys and well be good :D
00,02118.209.197.30
00,02password is Ponies
imahine the feeling on your hoof....THE PAIN!
THE GLORY
THE JOY!
(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)
THE SPAM
YES :D
so many PONYS!
Ohgodwhat
MEGA BROHOOF EXTEREME!
There's mass brohoofing occuring.
i would put more but i dont wanna be banned :O
lol that look on pinkies face is priceless
Dat mass brohoof
yesh
You're lucky no one is around to warn you for the spam in the first place :<
im srry :(
what can you say to THAT face??
Not much.
exactly
but really srry for the spam
/me glomps XAX
/me hugs Jmo4267
NEMNEMNEMNEM
Ohai XAX!
00,02one more spot
/me hugs EVERYONE!
00,02Brony2447, stop spam please
HERE IT COMES?! :D
00,02Chrysalis, you there?
OLDEST REFERENCE
<3
00,02Chrysalis, Ping
Love that reference SO much <3
srry wont happen again
The chat is suddenly alive. :o
my brohoof got out of hand....well hoof...
BronyJenkins|TF2: http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6dyjoZEpD1rpe1yfo1_500.gif
Phase4 plaay contra
Hai Death
contra ponies ftw!
XAX: Lol, dafuq
sos Phase4 was away putting dinner on
Don't try and use Death. XD
00,02k
Ded
00,02we needs one more player
Phase4: Want me to try again? :P
Brb, I need to knock up some breakfast
00,02Vordox vs Chrysalis
sos, need to keep an eye on dinner and ring housing agencies
00,02whoever joins first wins
00,02ah
00,02Vordox, ip is 118.209.197.30
<3
Or I just join you?
:P
I HOPE HE MAED LOTSA SPAGHETTI!!!! *wink wink nudge nudge* *eyebrow twitc
Too much sugar^
what exactly are we watching here?
Magick
Magicka
I AM THE LIVING INCARNATION OF PINKIEPIE FEAR ME!!!!! MUHAHAHAHAHA
morning all.
Yeah..no..
yea i heard about this game.
Morning WallDives
WallDives: mornin'
Hey WallDives! :)
dat MadSurge.
gotta have a happy face or you know just pinkie pie :O
dat me. :D
i want big macintosh emoticon
there is no applejack >:(
^
nope.
:O what
also, I cant see pony emotes, so w/e.
I CAN NOT HAVE THIS :O
DED
:P derp
MUST MESSAGE ADMIN....ABOUT....NOT....HAVING....APPLEJACK!
OR ELSE THE END WILL COME :[
Watch it with that capslock
does that count as spamming?
Too much capslock? Yep
:O srry
wow i fail at rules T_T
hello everyone! :D
raspberry: hello!
nop
:D raspberry, chat derp?
yea im back lol.
:P
wb raspberry.
:/
/me noms on waffles
wb bro :)
/me looks at time
^_^
HOLY SHEEP! its 7AM
iwas up all nite on here
I've done that a lot of times. >,<
yea i logged in late last night, there was like a nazi movie on.
wtf?
Yep.
like about nazis like a doc or like an action movie
raspberry: Indiana Jones?
Indiana Jones?
idk i was only on it for a minute
there were nazi in it though
Indiana Jones and the Cutie Mark Crusaders :D
wow. hurray for context.
how could i miss indy? :(
:D
apple jack should be indy
cause of the hat and attitude
Uhuh
jurassic park with spike
And so our hero embarked on an epic journey to retrieve the Golden Apple...
lol :D
but was ambushed by wild....bunnys...youve got to be kidding :O
applejack has bitten off more than she can chew.. she cant buck her way out of this!
rofl
Dem princesses
its been forever since I sat in on a stream...
Brb guys, I'm switching to IRC
kk
yay~
if i knew what that meant derpy derp :P
WallDives: why? We missed you :(
what's the name of that game?
magicka
jynx
raspberry, Rougela?
MadSurge, ehh...reasons.
wut? :P
i want to eat a raspberry....mmm fruit.....
raspberry, japanese name for Jynx...
:O no raspberries?
FUUUUUUUUUUUU
brb gotta feed my cat :)
oh well time for rainbow dashs fruity bits
wat.
^
you thought fruity pebbles well think again
unfortunately, that ISNT what I thought.
^
(almost tried to use bold, and realized its a autokick)
rainbowdashes fruity bits are guarenteed to keep you flyin through the sky all day
WallDives: Too much time in side rooms. Got you thinking dirty.
>_>
dirty? how?
XAX, ikr?
JAESUS.
damn i was talking about breakfast and u think something dirty?? wtf??
im serious about the cereal though
to be fair...it doesnt sound clean.
explain then?
back
It's okay WallDives, main chat isn't as dirty as side rooms :D
Forget it ill just eat Apple Jack's.....Apple Jacks lol...
lol
[insert double facepalm here]
zap apple jam on toast <3
I get the prize!!!!
oooooh... magicka
lol whatever you say lol if i even knew what you meant :P
Hii everypony
hey flyboy, are you a pegasus?
Flyboy: yep! (also hi)
kewl
MadSurge: (hello)
what game is this?
magicka
hey
For Narnia :D
foor narnia :P :O :D
this game looks fun
Oh no. One of the corners of the picture of Lesson Zero TS with the caption "Sleep is for the weak" I have taped to the roof of my bedroom has come loose.
anybody hear that they are going to be bringing HUGE mlp plushies to wal-mart soon?
where did you hear this
EQD
The legend of Derpy: Pinkie's Adventures
:3
Good morning, everypony! :)
hello ravebrony!
RaveBrony: hellooo~~
sup RaveBrony : 3
Hey there RaveBrony
Ohai RaveBrony!
/me waves to raspberry, Brony2447, XAX, BronyJenkins, and MadSurge :$
Phase4: there's what looks like a control pad next to the gate, try elictric on it
:O
/me glomps RaveBrony
/me has been glomped by Jmo4267 :D
/me gives Brohoofs to everybody
yay!
(\
/me and now cupcakes!
:o
(\('-')/)
Falling asleep.
(^_^)/)(\(^_^)/)(\(^_^)
Night gentlemen.
peace XAX
XAX: gnight then
NightXAX
night XAX.
Brb again
also, King of the pirates.
BronyJenkins: k
yar har fiteder de being a pony is good as can be!
..nope.
8:00 here in rhode island
lol ill give cupcake to whoever recognizes that reference
I'm pretty sure nobody wants a 'cupcake'
:O why would you say that??!!
yea it's probably made out of rainbow dash
Brony2447, lollimewire etc. etc.
also, Lazytown, iirc.
mornin' everypony
hello drganhalf
/me gives cupcake to WallDives
hi DrGanjalf|Adventurer.
brb, gotta change nick
ok
:P
...no /nick?
:P
derpy madness! there should be a song called that....
anybody here familiar with ''sockies''
anypony*
eenope.
trust me you should google mlp sockies
: I watched Paranormal Activity 3 last night - no nightmares at all - SUCCESS!
:3
sockies....hmmm....ive heard that somewhere......
its pictures of the ponies in cute little socks :3
ponies in socks is so 2011
sp whats 2012 :P
still cute :)
00,02anyone knwo which way we need to go?
you don't wanna know, Brony2447 ^^
daring_derpy: :|
I havent had a good nightmare for a long while now - what does it take anymore? :|
google for trixie dakimakura
i havent had a nightmare in years
i takes you being tormented by the person you love so much that it tears your soul apart
to think that such things could come from a friend
but then they offer redemption and smacl you in the d face with it
also, wb SirGanjalf.
^thx WallDives
but im going too personal as i almost told you what happened to me....
Too bad i wasn't able to watch The Last Crusade's ending:(
the last cmc
/me is afk
http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/my-little-pony-art-fads 2012, Brony2447
Cypresswolf: bad brain chemistry? I dunno
oh yea! sockies rule!
MadSurge: maybe too many scary movies & stories - I know what to expect in most cases, nothing new in the genre for me
fluttershy drinking out of a juice box <3
if you want nightmares play the game ''slender''
its horrifying.
Cypresswolf: Last "nightmare" I had was more sad anything
SCP 173 scared me pretty darn good :)
*than
You call that a hoard? :P
night Bstate
raspberry: to me that game looks more boring than anything else
:D
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bZkp7q19f0 Might aswell post things, because i'm bored :P
oh...no non image links during stream. it's in the rules
its boring for about a minute. but when you find the first page your heart starts racing and it all builds up to the moment you turn around and see slenderman and poop your pants.
Okay.
Im going to have to go mow the lawn before the sun rises above the tree line - better to mow in the shade - had an ozone watch yesterday, today might be the same
im back...
wb brony2447
oh wait afk lol
:P
yay... the server knows my name now :D
hi everyone ^^
hey teentro
alduin!
tha russans are talking :D
Yay I'm on tv
:D
someone know this story:
Phoenix Wright / My Little Pony FIM - Turnabout Storm
/me returns
???
wb
You dced 2 of us :P
00,02wat
crashed
00,02!ping
00,02um
wut
00,02and then i sent him through the ground
00,02BLEIGH
Phase4: CODING!
/me bleighs(whatever that measn)
*means
I think that's enough Magicka atm Phase4 :P
well... i have now come up with the answer that cleverbot is amazing
00,02not sure if play more magicka
Oh you're good...Define good.Chuck Norris.Show me.*takes out picture of chuck norris*.*takes out chuck norris's father... And son. Both on steriods. And holding nukes*.
