Aah hehe
If its rap we are talking about, I prefer the oldies.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1rpKfVztcE
I like weird white rap
seriously.... the GEMA... "Well maybe tehy did release this for free, but you will not be ale to watch this until you can proof to us that they really did release this for free..."
hehe
Weird-
do you have Spotify Lil_B?
Vivix no, whats Spotify
Vivix: Yea, Beastie Boys counts as rap, and you should like that rap.
I heard the name thou
swedish music streaming software- costs money without ads, but is nice
hehe
I recently --started listening to Beastie Boys, and I'm smitten
I kinda like Rage against the machine too, but they're very political, and I'm not-
no, I'll find my music for free :) or buy it via humble bundles
hehe
when I find things on youtube, I usually buy it at the record store
I can like wrep, I'm a fan of MC Hawkins and MC Frontalot... but that's really just Nerdcore
aah
Lil_B: /)
Kinixys: (\ :)
I like white guys shouting, I guess
or well, weak ish voice quality, shaky? I dunno
Il be honest, the only rap I like is the kind from GTA: Vice City :D
Vivix: I usually dont crae for lyrics. It might be political but I still like it.
Can't remember any of that- in general I'm not a big rap fan, but I like that--90s wave?
not gangsta, but the other one
Yeah, same here Alchemist, usually
Vivix: unless its something really outrageous :D
true, hehe
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-58-36lSqG4 I like this kind of stuff, but I don't really know what he's talking abot
I like rap, but it's gotta be fun and not just all attitude.
hey MLP_Brovakiin
Heya Pearly :)
Kinixys, old school would be nice for my taste of rap
how are you MLP_Brovakiin?
There's a norwegian rap group I kinda like. Carpe Diem, not really badass or anything, just--stuff. Kinda like it
it can have attitude, but meaning as well..
Good thanks Pearly, how are you today :)
I am great thanks for askin'
Pearly: I haven't consumed a great deal of it, so I'm short on any good suggestions.
Thats good to know :)
Pearly: like this? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=diiL9bqvalo
Brb im going to go watch MLP on tv i'll be back an about a hour i guess
Goodbye Moopy :)
I liked the 8th wonder link, Alchemist. Thnx!
Have fun Moopy.
Kinixys: you are welcome :)
eeyup
I grew up with this http://youtu.be/5mSWupCpm6Y and http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLmX7cmhatw
The Madeth one is... interesting.
Hehe, I listened to tons like that, still do-
Alchemist, yeah
I guess it was punk meets glam, and in japan they melded
good stuff
It sounds like a strange hybrid of the screaming type metal and the traditional metal.
yeah
Metallica is great for anything they do, thats what we all grew upwhen I was young
My parents liked some metallica I think-
I never really got into metal after black metal phase as a kid
the older stuff
Steel pole bath tub is more easily consumable for me.
I listened to just about everything once
Ahh they're great. Steel pole never got the recognition they deserved.. IMO that is
Haha I am listening to Metallica right now :P
They melded noise with--more approachable stuff, really nice mix
Pearly: I didnt. I didnt listen to rock until my 20s
I listened to most stuff, but haven't really heard metal in a while
There was a pahse when I only listened to hiphop and breakbeat
Most music is nice
it's just different-
yeah
http://youtu.be/Tc76bMdZb5E now adays I play a lot of stuff like this- I really like how calm it is, but I still delve into all the other things I listen to-
haha I heard a parody of this one song Alchemist linked haha...
Alchemist. Lay some breakbeat on us.
long time breakbeat favorite (cant find the whole song): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DWDJtfKMAxg
brrreakbeat
Hey guys i don't think MLP is on over here i think its just most all care bears
Welcome back Moopy :)
thanks
It's weird how things change, before If I were to buy a drumkit, I'd have tons of tams and cymbals and shit-
now I want one cymbal, no hihat, and 2 tams
so i was scrolling up to the hub channal and it showed care bears and i do not care about that
Just saying
I like the rythem on that.
I'll buy a Midi Keyboard soon, I can mayke decent Tracks I think, but I just can't make a good melody just with my mouth in the Piano Roll. I need to play it on the keyboard to be creative
Lil_B, midi keys <3
it helps A lot
and I can't even play the piano, and it still helps
I want to buy eldrums or pads to write drums with too, I'm so sick of writing them by hand- takes ages and is just..exhausting
I'm kinda fine with making the Rhytm by hand, but I just can't make a compelling Meldoy XD
hehe, keys help a lot there- just anything that you can play on
It just comes when I play on the keyboard, but my current Keyboard is too big and not suited for this Job
I've written drums in midi by hand since.. 2006 I guess? 2005, but then I played drums for about a year or two, and now I can't..stand how slow it is to do all the variations and flows
aah
yeah, I classmate already halped me out, I'll probbaly buy his old one for 100€ (it's 150 in retail, but he really needs the money currently for his drivers license XD)
ah nice
also, usd? Hydra apparently hates symbols
100€ it told me
man, listening to those breakbeats now brought up some memories :) www.youtube.com/watch?v=OpETQ3fP3wc
Hydra?
http://youtu.be/yeOvxU7bW4c Jazz can be cool, kids! Don't mock the nerds
HydraIRC client
oh XD
Vivix nope, Euros :) I live in germany
ah yeah
I forgot ;__;
but yeah, 100 euro sounds like a good price
I also like that it will have controllers, currently I have to switch back to selecting the keyboard every time I change a parameter in a plugin -.-
Vivix: of course Jazz can be cool: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qNQK3C-ac1w :D
It will just make everything a lot easier and faster
Germany eh? Thomann.de *coughcough* best place to buy music stuffs in Europe imo.
Thomann is Greaat
bought ..two or one bass there, can't remember, EXCELLENT service
Alchemist, tradishjazz, niice
Really excellent. I buy everything from them nowdays.
not so big on disturbed though
yeah I would too, but a lot of my stuff is used or local shops
I wanted to buy a PSA1.1 preamp from them, but it only came in german socket and trafo..electricity thing ;__;
yeaah
YEEEEAAAAHHHH!
Thomann is also great cause they have such a huge stock. Things I can't find here I can find there
Likewise.
I better bookmark Thomann right now XD so I don't forget them
Hehe, yeah.
o.o
You know, their shipping is probably their most insane part... Cello shipped from germany to Sweden, 15 euro in shipping charges.
Alchemist: I'd love to hear some MLP jazz like that.
x1es, that's---cheaap
man..I want a cello
/me slaps Vivix around a bit with a large trout
Get the money for one then~
/me licks Jmo's teeth
I have the money ;__; but I better spend it on things I need
Kinixys: well, let's hope they canonize Octavia and Mr. Ingram will get on it :)
like..replacing my broken speakers <,<
Maybe if someone were smart enough not to break them in the first place someone could have a cello >.>
hehehe
blast!
Vivix: Cheap chinese cello from thomann, 300 euro, solid spruce top, no cruddy plywood. I was sooo happy when I saw that. Sounds surprisingly good too (considering the fact I have no idea what I'm doing that is).
300? Wow
Yeah, thomann. <3
Man, even with the taxes and shite that's really cheap
No kiddin' eh.
Alchemist: Would be great!
Maybe I'll buy one, and buy another guitar at the same time-
I really..really want a mustang or jazzmaster
I was looking in a local music shop, in their cheap student budget section. Cheapo yamaha, 900 euro.
yeah, the only cellos I've seen for sale is by the local violinmaker
so they're..ridonkclously expensive
jaymoo pls
dabi pls
Matt Smith is best doctor.
no jaymoo
y u do dis
yus dabi
cuz i can
<3
ic how it is dabi
so much talk about instruments.
I know how to play the triangle, I feel involved.
http://www.thomann.de/se/fender_sq_vintage_mod_jazzmaster_sbl.htm aww yeaah It's for sale
x1es, hehe, true. Buying the priciest you can get as first instrument is usually a bad idea
My parents wanted me to take violin lessons when I was a kid. I was so stiff I almost broke the violins and teacher said after 2 years that it might not be for me :D I was so glad.
hehehe
Vivix: This is my very first instrument. It's going to be abused and misused. Better make it one I can afford to replace when I break it.
http://www.thomann.de/se/fender_jazzmaster_62_rw_ow.htm this vs squier- aah
Yeah
If you like Jaming Jazz Style and Video games you may like this http://shnabubula.bandcamp.com/album/nes-jams
nemnemnemnem
I still have my first bass, but-- it's a fender precision bass, but I got it really cheap from my cousin
love it to pieces
Why not love it as a whole? :<
Jmo: when you say this I always think you are saying no no no no
Well, I was using jazzbass as main for a while, but then I bought an aguilar cab and omg..the precision sounds amazing
Maybe I am Alchemist.
Jmo, cause ;__;
Maybe I'm not. :>
Jmo: ooooh, mysterious _D
;D
and weith my new WLan Stick I got my new Mouse today, finally I can easily press the buttons again -.-
Jmo: so, mystery away, are you hungarian or not?
I'm Australian, thank you very much.
x1es, you can also be really lucky. Like I bought a 900NOK guitar at Smart Club <,<... and it's one of the best guitars I have, modified but..still
Vivix: Sweet.
Jmo: okay, just because nem in hungarian = no
Maybe you'll still have that chinese cello in 40 years
Huh, how about that.
Vivix: Yeah so far I'm loving my cello. ...It does suck somewhat to be a complete noob when it comes to music, and in your mid 20s, though...
I should find a teacher. Someone who can tell me what not to do.
Hehe, better late than never
Aye.
I'd prefer never.
hehe
x1es I know that feeling, still my early 20s but I completly delearned how to play Piano -.-
Been wanting to since I was about 12 or so...
Aah, taking hte plunge
But now it's happening! ...Slowly but surely. ...so very slowly.
but yeah a teacher might be nice, a lot of odd techniques with those instruments
For me it was always an economical thing. Parents went "nope!".
http://youtu.be/gd5H8wTU9_M ARne nordheim Cello piece. Avant garde or musique concrete though
Ah yeah. Classical instruments tend to be hefty price tag for the parents-
Hehe, yeah. Especially considering that there was no cheap chinese via thomann around back then. =)
yeahh
Aw man this sucks
o.o
"Sooo... You want us to spend 1k eur on something we're 97% sure you're going to break within a year? Uhm, no."
The hell?
Anyone here ever go over on the M forums?
There we go
x1es, hehe, ah yaah. And imagine brass instruments? Like tuba and stuff? Priicees-
Aye.
but yeah, thanks man. I think I'm gonna try to pick up that Cello via thomann some day
I got some other stuff first, but- I've always wanted a cello
You wish Vivix
/me holds on to Jmo and cries
Vivix: They have violins for like 70 eur too.
Bugger
There we go
brb, dinner... something with beans...
oh yeah, we have two violins, but I don't know how to play them properly-
Bad news! Turnabout Storm got deleted
They're not mine though, but I like to plunk on them sometimes
The whole 1h30m video is gone
Goddammit
Vivix: I don't know how to play anything. No musical cutie mark for me, but that wont stop me from trying. ^^
hehe, yeah. Go for it. Everything must be learned
I'm going through the Twilight Sparkle school of music; Read and do, with mixed results.
Hehe, yeah. That's how I started on bass
Worked out well enough
Sweet.
Well I gotta run, got to pick up things in town. Brb darlings!
The first few exercises are a tad boring though. "D D D D... D D D D..."
Later Vivix
And now the chat shall die.
/me waves
we are still here
DEFIBRILLATOR *zaaaap*
Hey guys you like air horns?
hello
air horns?
haha they are cool
yeah you like them?
well here you go and wake up everypony
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=a_6CZ2JaEuc
they are loud but yes I di
hahah
ok, I'm back, but now I have to go and get ready for a Birthday, see you later :)
everypony click on my video link to wake up
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1zbGFGQTq0&feature=player_embedded SuperBrony64 would be proud :)
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Teefury Brony Shirt Vs Star Wars Shirt
shiitt, nope to this serwer
server
is this on?
This is on but DEEEEED
Also no stream
I heard more rumors about season 3
Hey i just watched the rythem is magic and what the hell was that?
They said it was ''a few days away''
Moopy: a remix, duh :D
i was laughing at it
Moopy: because it was awesome?
I saw derpy ate a bug
then i saw rainbow dash usung the rainbow blast power i think
i mean using
You mean:
SONIC RAINBOOM
yeah
that was epic
lali-ho y'all!
im going to watch it again
Hey again people :)
hey MLP_Brovakiin
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FcVxtyaATq8 REAL MAGIC i just love this one
The hell
sup otakon28
Connection time out
Hiya Dken
Anything on atm?
hi otakon28
nope
doesn't look like it
Okay just wondering
I am here
Heya otakon28
Heya also Pearly
Hiya Maid
Hiya MLP_Brovakiin
hey MLP_Brovakiin how are you?
Hello otakon28, whassup?
Not much
well everytime someone says "anpony here" we are here...
Just popping in
Pearly: Meh my laptop keeps on dying as the battery is poop, but other than that how are you?
hey Pearly
I am good, thanks for askin'
man, my legs are tired from working, haven't got used to moving around in awhile
hey Kinixys
Hi Pearly.
hai Pearly
Dken2021, don't over do it now
hey guys listen to this one click here just watch it
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BuQl47h8CCg&feature=player_detailpage
Pearly : hey there
it's fine, I got used to it, and my legs aren't that tired anymore
I was just having muscle pain due to a spaz... and now it's better but i had no idea on how I pulled something
Pearly : are you mad at me?
I had 2 muscle relaxers and I guess both woke the heck out of it and it just needed a lil strain
Awesome, Moopy.
ikr
its brutal
oh nice
hello?
hey Bluenote
Heya Bluenote
add that to your favorits guys
really wish the store would open soon, but we have to take out the stock first, and that might take a day or 2
oh helly evryone
will do
....Pearly seems like i am on ignore :(
hai Bluenote
:'(
ohey Dken2021
G'day, Bluenote.
same to you Kinixys ^^
ello :3
hey
Heya sonicandmario85 :)
hey sonicandmario85
Feel better soon, Pearly.
ello sonicandmario85
Kinixys, I am already better
/me waves to sonicandmario85.
I just took a day of rest nd got better
can some one ask Pearly if she is ignoring me?
has anyone watched gnrfans half life 2 lets play on youtube?
yes
I think so
my gorden freemans XD
I still have yet to play HL2. XD
same here
i only played the demo
heres a good one click here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=COkmG7x-Ejk&feature=player_detailpage
hello all
Hey Pearly Maid_RainBow asked if you where ignoring him?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ixvsV-ahI0
Another bookmark, Moopy. :D
anyone managed to catch this? http://youtu.be/w1zbGFGQTq0
don't worry guys im finding some good ones here
im just looking up some pony metel songs
Hey guys I'm back!
welcome back SafariMonkey
hai SafariMonkey
OH HAI DERE
Hi SafariMonkey.
Hi MLP_Brovakiin and Dken2021 and Kinixys
and sonicandmario85
Welcome
Thank you otakon28
Anyway I'm out for now
now listen to this song http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ixvsV-ahI0
Bye all bbl
Pearly ?
Heres a good one to click here:http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=CAHB_ye5ok0
seeya then otakon28
Bye otakon28
Goodbye otakon28
howdy everybrony
OH
HAI
DERE
bye bye i have to go
Hi, Good morning everyone
Hello TheGreatAndPowerfulT :)
hey TheGreatAndPowerfulT
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Hello.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W29uMcp5BWU&feature=related
hey TGaPT
i can't find anything good here
i typed in rainbow dash gala metel cover and nothing came up
odd, you would think that would have some hits
Metal and ponies? http://youtu.be/_yp0IFZ4e5I
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tIfHKfyRO5Y\
FRIENDSHIP IS WITCHCRAFT
Moopy: how about this? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZShxULiNcyg
umm ok it seems ok but yeah
Rainbow Dash's part is from 2:37 to 3:36
oh here we go
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZShxULiNcyg&feature=player_detailpage
That's good, Alchemist.
Uhm.
hmph, no ponies. That means I guess I can watch some of the last of season one and move on to season 2
no ponies, on the hub that is.
Hmm heres something nice:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-JSeDXUjS8U&feature=player_detailpage
You guys linked the same thing. XD
just giving cool to these guys in here
im not trying to spam here just looking up stuff i guess
Haio everybrony.
hey CountDoofus
hiya
Heya CountDoofus
Hi CountDoofus.
Hey CountDoofus
hey Applejack2012
hi
hey Aryd
Pearly: Season 2 is even better than 1.
Heya Applejack2012
you know im done looking up stuff i can't find shit so screw that cause sometimes when i type up something in nothing comes up so i say screw it im done looking up stuff im getting ticked off at myself here
I know, I am just watching 25 now
and I know it will,, mLP is just as great
Pearly: yesh :)
Hallow! :3
Haio CrazyCherry
You found some good stuff thou, Moopy!
dang it i frozed the chat on my screen over here shoot
I kind uh avoided any MLP fan stuff till I finished the second season.
Heya CrazyCherry :)
hi
hi Applejack2012.
When I first started watch MLP I was like, "Not bad. I'll catch some more when I have time." By the end of season one I was like 'OMG PONIES ;_; <3'
I don't think I've seen the main chat so quiet as the rarity theatre
hi all i am back
Why is rarity theatre quiet?
Hey Maid_RainBow
hi Maid_RainBow.
because she is the least favorite pony
Welcome back Maid_RainBow
barely anyone goes there
hellooo
everypony
Heya applejack`
Oh! So.. people go to the room of their favorite pony?
Bronycast was surprising empty under the marathon
hi applejack'
Everyone is on Bronystate chat, but the theatres have their own rooms as well during the movie streams. I guess.
Only around 20 at the wedding episode chat
i think the mane 6 rooms are open only on Streaming of pony episodes new ones
No-one's streaming, are they?
nope
well if Wrek was feeling well he would but hes not
yea, they're only open on movie nights and new episodes
This month marks my discovery of FiM.
one year anniversary
i cant wait on the new Pony epis
party of one is my fav.. it has gummy in it.. :D
Pearly : are you mad at me?
Hey what was the video linki sent that sounded really brutal to me? what was the name of that link?
hey guys
hi alexxm
Brb I have dinner now
hi alexxm.
how are things Maid_RainBow
hiu
hi
whats up Kinixys and Appsljack2012
alexxm : i am fine just tired from work
ello alexxm
It was something CMC metel cover i guess
sup Dken2021
Im fine
alexxm : how are you?
i forgot
i'm good Maid_RainBow
nice to read that alexxm
some pony look it up real quick
cause it showed humans on that
but humans are a myth, just like the tooth pony
No im trying to figure out what was the video link i sent about few seconds ago that sounded brutal to me
and santa pony
Hello Vordox
D:
/me cba changing nick
Hai
Hi Sonny
Hey SafariMonkey
Was it Megan?
how do you know I logged in anyway xD?
Vordox: Problem?
how are things Vordox
hey Applejack2012
hi
SafariMonkey alexxm: University tiredness.
missed you guys so much <3
Vordox: I see.
Vordox: Sorry to hear that
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Music: Gator In The Tub // =(When Luna Sleeps)= // Sweetie Belle //
Well, I gotta eat. Catch you all later
alexxm: Good! Vacation.
Actually i got 1 more to look up hold on a minute guys
dang emulator, I had a perfect run on fire emblem yesterday, now all my ranks aren't getting enough exp
ok here you guys DOUBLE RAINBOW all the way yay
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MX0D4oZwCsA&feature=player_detailpage
lol, Moopy.
heh
i know you like that
Oh how about this 1 hang on a minute
Is stream off for everypony?
Hey everypony!
ello again Moopy
YEEEEEEAAAAAHHH!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=9Vh0WmT7YQ4
well
how are things Moopy
good and YEEEEAAAAHH!
my baby brother thinks he's Bart Simpson
alexxm WHAT?
alexxm i was too sleepy
Hey admin!
i'll find out more about it
#Dashiesauce
someone forgot you are not supposed to post other channels
Hello again guys :)
how are things MLP_Brovakiin
Good thanks alexxm, how are you?
i'm good MLP_Brovakiin
Ah good :)
hey Applejack2012 and alexxm
hey
how are things Pearly
hi guys! what's up?
nothing much, it seems
feel like a morgue
Hey back guys.
yeah, i see that...
/me rolls a tumbleweed around the chat
Welcome back SafariMonkey
MLP_Brovakiin: :)
whats up Eli
Heya Eli :)
so, today i read a gaming magazine. and i might have glimpsed upon a glorious future of game developmment. free of tyrannic publishers liek EA
crowdfunding!
Dark_Horst does it involve indie gaming?
whats crow funding
very much
alexxm: nothing much. music is up :) seems like all my favourite arists chose this month to release new stuff :P
the idea behind crowdfunding is to let the gamers themselves fund the game directly
Dark_Horst: quick, call Nittany_Discord! :D
for instance: infie developer wants to make an adventure game
alexxm: Crowdfunding is donation-style investment in a project or product
but publishers dont want, so the dev has no money
thanks SafariMonkey
so what does the dev do? he asks for donations via a crowdfunding platform
he presents his case, his ideam videos and screens
2,14 I dunno, that's just going to give gamers even more reason to bitch about games
that's pretty much all he does
alexxm: It's like pre-ordering a game that doesn't exist yet (for indie games)
2,14 "I GAVE YOU MONEY TO MAKE THIS GAEM! Y IT NOT EXACTLY HOW I WANTED/EXPECTED IT?"
then the community can decide if they donate. donators get things like the game, deep insight into the development process and a tshort or stuff like that
Caramel and that's the majority of kickstarter
it's how kickstarter works
you should check that, btw
the people who want do do a project go there, present their ideas and a funding goal. if that goal is not reached, the donators get their money back
wasteland 2 is being developed by crowdfunding too, bte
they made almost 3 million that way
Howdy y'all!
I'm with Caramel on this one. It's like buying the cat in the bag if you donate first...
sup Everlasting_Joy
2,14 yeah, but with tons of people paying rather than a single publisher, "reaching" the goal is a relative term
alexxm: Just enjoying the down time between classes :S.
2,14 which then spawns hate communities for a game that hasn't even come out
Allo everyone.
hey Meanwhile what have you been up to
oh, dont underestimate the power of the customers
Hello Meanwhile
Well that's a good message to join on. "Spawns hate communities"
Hello Meanwhile
hey Meanwhile
Hey Meanwhile!
2,14 not underestimating their power, I'm just explaining their needless hating and bitchmongering
there was a developer of an adventur game who tried kickstarter. they had the goal at 400k. that goal was reached after 8 hours
alexxm I watched the match (Kane and D-Bryan vs Primetime Players) the commentary took a moment of silence and Michael Cole went very serious after the match
a day later they were at 1 million
2,14 you're mistaking my point
2,14 I'm not talking about whether money could or could not be raised
yeah i heard there was no commentry after that match Dark92Enigma
What's the actual topic here?
2,14 I'm talking about people getting "pissed" because they supported a development only to have it be different than what they wanted
i see what you mean. the devs of endless space circumvented that by simply working witht heir donators
I'm sorry to say this, but that pretty much describes the sonic fans
Caramel what development are we talking about?
2,14 I was thinking the same thing Dken :P
Sonic as a franchise has been circling the drain for some time anyway.
2,14 Brad[Laptop]: I think it was called clouddevelopment or something? Dark_Horst knows
relating to MLP?
2,14 nah, the gaming industry
ah ok
crowd funding and crowd development go pretty close together
/me hugs Meanwhile and dusts him
2,14 now, with that in mind
2,14 I think it's great if indie publishers find support from communities when publishers wont
I made half of my mega-rainbow dash last night :P took 3 hours and 40 minutes
2,14 because that's just in general allowing for more content
I guess if the project in question doesn't do crowd development you should think very carefully about your investment first.
uploading pics
indeed. quite a bunch of games made it into production that way that would not have stood a chance otherwise
Hey Caramel! Is it me or you're much more online lately? :)
2,14 however, I don't particularly think it will rid the publishing world
of course not
but it will build a serous alternative
2,14 I'm back in college now, which (ironically) means I have much more time available
2,14 that...and I kind skipped class today <.< >.>
hi everypony
Allo BrOnyxia.
a
wait a sec
Caramel: that's bad, don't do it too often :P
i'm getting the article. have that magazine lying around ehresomewhere
sup?
oh Caramel, you know that won't help *wags my finger*
/me likes to give advice he doesn't follow himself
Half of mega-rainbow dash http://i.imgur.com/pTsEs.jpg
2,14 YOU AREN'T MY MOMMY
Caramel: Oh you :D don't do it too much
Val clean your room. And brush your teeth. And wash behind your ears.
Wash behind your mustache.
Hey Meanwhile :D
You're grounded Mister.
:D
2,14 inb4 I mute the channel "NO! YOU'RE GROUNDED!"
Well I am already in my room.
So... Yeah.
how do you ground that which has power?
Rubber?
Oh!
A DUCK!
Barbetos|AtWork: Oh no, your room is full of toys. Go to the. . .Garage.
2,14 How canst thy ground that which is, ungroundable?
Ground doesn't look like a word anymore.
The evil clown stays in my Garage... and by evil clown I mean a black widow...
Caramel simple, you cast gravity on it
they present their new project idea via notebook on kickstarter
And no one pays for it to spite jar jar binks
Understandable really.
a new adventure it shall be. something that big publishers kept saying no to. so hey, why not get the money from fans.the set goal is 400k usd
God my school computer is shit
Did it take 10 minutes just to get into bronystate?
donators will get t shirts, posters, and later the finsihed game for their money
Have you tried turning it off and on again?
Hey hey hey!~ I just had a wicked idea and did something cool: "Olim, in terra fabularum Equestria, duae sunt sorores, quae uno regnet, creantque harmoniam terris omnibus." Better known in English: "Once upon a time, in the magical land of Equestria, there were two sisters who ruled together and brought harmony to all the land."
Your CD tray is not a cupholder.
School computers. Takes ten minutes to type.
No but its bad enough that the virus scanner on it actualy causes issue IN MY SCHOOL site
8 hours after schafers click the goal of 400k is reached
tSparx: sounds neat, what is that?
Meanwhile: Latin xD
Plus it lags like a motherfucker
tSparx: I like it.
haha, I figured someone would, and that's why I brought it here ;) off to class now. See ya later everypony!
not a day later, they're at 1 million. after the donation period ended 30 days later and the total sum was at 3,3 million
Meh at least I have Xenosaga to keep me intertained
*entertained
intertained on the internet.
and with that, crowd funding was suddenly the big talk everyhwere
and seen as a serious alternative to traditional publishing
Kinda wish Xenosaga continued its origional plan for 6 games instead of three
AKA ask a bunch of dumb saps to give you money.
if that stuff goes mainstream, it could finally blow some fresh wind into the mass production gaming industry
Barbetos|AtWork amen
if the goal is not reache,d you'd get your money back
Barbetos|AtWork: Thing is, it works.
Oh I am not refuting that fact.
you guys did listen to me, right?
Who are you?
I think his name is Hark_Dorst or something.
the guy who just explained crowd funding
I'm taking 3D Art modeling this year for school
Yeah I read it all.
I was being sarcastic.
SpadeMagnes[School]: How's it going?
Are you doing school things at bronystate?
Ok so far... it would go better if my school site wasnt so fuckign slow and other crap...
The School of Bronystate.
pfff, i'm taling about the chance for salvation of game development and he's being sarcastic
We occasionally stream science! -The School of Bronystate, Shizuka
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJfKZcNDVUg God I love this boss music
That should be on the school plaque.
"Sometimes Bill Nye is on"
btw, kickstarter is not gaming specific. it's a crowd funding platform for all kinds of stuff, more or less useful (biggest project there was a robocop statue in LA)
that'S the problem this whole thing has. to few people do it
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wUnMF7dV86k
It always upsets me when game sequels or series gets canned because of lack of sales
Dark_Horst: the console right?
console?
SpadeMagnes[School] well it kind of makes sense… they gotta pay the staff.
I know but still
I mean Xenosaga was supposed to have 6-7 games origionally
It got cut in half
Unless you wanna voulenteer like 2 years of your life for no pay :P
I wonder how much it costs to make one MLP episode
Meanwhile: This video is awesome!
Ikr?
The community could pretty much fund the studio to do it i bet haha
It comes in Aliens and Terminator 2 flavour as well.
/me sets everything on fire
i would love to link you to the onlien version of the article, but it's in german
/me puts out the fires
Hi Bronysith
some good stuff in there
Heya Bronysith
"Sponge Bob Square Pants cost $500,000 per episode. Avatar the Last Air Bender costs $1,000,000 per episode. Some cost cheaper, but series like Hey Arnold and The Rugrats cost at least a couple hundred thousand dollars."
ouch
Well my first project for my Modeling class is interesting
I have to make a hat model to put on a 3d model of a monkey head
Because monkies need more hats.
TOP HAT!
Too obvious.
Diving helmet?
Hey everypony
bowler?
Allo Serenity.
Internet, after 2 weeks of being DED, is FINALLY fixed
how about AJs stetson?
Also, my 4gb of RAM arrived :)
Ello there, everybrony!
Police helmet?
Hey there Malavolent
So El shitbox is a tiny bit less shit
Well since this is the first thing I ever tried doing I'm going to do something simple
Hi Malavolent
Serenity: why hello there, welcome back tothe world
how are you Malavolent
I know, only game I had installed was cry of fear
Need to install Counter Strike, Quake 1 2 and 3 and mabye TF2
"Maybe" TF2?
alexxm: I'm pretty good :), what about you?
Meanwhile: El shitbox only has 256 mb of video memory
Is it suppose to be the Buffer Show?
http://i.imgur.com/00vkQ.jpg
Hah I made the most bitching tophat
I can think of good reasons for not installing tf2. Like... i dunno.. sleep.
SpadeMagnes[School]: pics or it... well, you knwo
Sleep is overrated, think of the time you could spend collecting hats.
Sleep? Pfff
Disregard Sleep, Play WoW
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B0-YTpAMmew
/me sleeps
When will you have time to dream of hats? Oh yes. between map loading. Silly me!
World of Pandacraft.
mornin everypony :)
Played WoW for 5 years. Bored with it now. Pandaren won't change that. :(
^
Haio Sketch_Toku_Brony
Good morn'n Sketch_Toku_Brony.
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Story: A Missing Note
World of Warcraft. Everytime I see an ad for it on the TV I change the channel instantly
Ded.
PillowPoni|Phone: I don't blame you.
Howdy Sketch_Toku_Brony!
Hallo Sketch_Toku_Brony~
i neer saw an ad for wow on tv
germany doesnt seem to do that
Dark_Horst not even the celebrity ads?
well, there were german verison of the shattner/troyer/norris ads
Everlasting_Joy; I have friends that play it. All I did was facepal? So hard
Pandaria is gonna be so bitching
Though I gotta be honest, the Mists of Pandaria opening cinematic was pretty great. But it ends there.
but they diasppeared wuickly
Facepalm*
*quickly
CountDoofus: Actually, I thought that cinematic was retarded
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HACADr823oU&feature=relmfu
PillowPoni|Phone: It's funny, I had friends who played it, now they don't. What's funny is, the wanted to get me to play.
I still think WoW is fun, I doubt anything will get me to replace it
Everlasting_Joy "you get a free trial!" "Nope"
PillowPoni|Phone: Yeah no kidding.
played it myself for a long time. but somehow it doesnt seem to be worht the 13 bucks a month
How's my drawing? http://i47.tinypic.com/35031w6.jpg
anymore
I would rather watch a horrible reenactment of MvM than play WoW
SpadeMagnes[School]: To be fair, it dosn't look bad, it's just not my cup of tea.
Very nice KnifeH
KnifeH: So far so good :).
I had so much free time in summer I grinded from 60 to 80 in less than a month
I'm sure Mists'll still be entertaining but after Kil'jaeden, The Lich King, and Deathwing I'm leaving my daggers hung up.
Knife*: beautiful <3
I was SUPER bored that month
why yes, that is quite the quality drawing there
I thought I would play WoW, but I couldn't come up with enough positive reasons to.
The Dragon soul nerf is getting ridiculace
KnifeH; its beautiful. All my envy
As of Pandaria the debuff reduces Enemy Health and their damage dealt by 35%
You CAN turn it off though
Why would anyone bother though.
say.... does anyone know what the FO:E mod guys are doing atm?
There's nothing to gain by turning it off.
Back in my day there was no "noob mode"
KnifeH: Nice work there! The eyes are 'specially well done.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3l1oMp-isw
I never upgraded my healing axe in dragonsoul
I always lost the weapon rolls in DS in my raid
Kinixys: I'm the eyemastah
So I have the Eye of Purification for all of Dragon Soul
Last rogue out of 3 to get the legendaries. By the time they were finished we had DS HC on farm.
Sketch_Toku_Brony: ....what is that?
And get this, the first one we gave them too buggered off.
Am I lame for never doing a heroic Cata raid?
I've never done one, but that's because WoW is MLG as hell
Sketch_Toku_Brony: it looks like power rangers... but with wizards
Dark_Horst Kamen Rider Wizard :)
so kamen rider it is
.....with wizards
oh god, it pains my head to see anime style intros eneacted by real actors
Dark_Horst: Oh jeez, now I've got that running through my head.
Man its gonna take forever to get a Desktop computer
*purge
its pretty good,plus the song is catchy :$ "Maji ka Maji da Maji de Showtime~"
Dark_Horst: Thanks, I needed that.
no offense, but i usually despise japanese msuic. the only soundtrack in that direction i liked are the ghost in the shell SAC intros
Wizard and W have pretty good stories if ya wanna get into Kamen Rider,W is kinda hardboiled detective really good story
ah i see its cool
and one or the other digimon soundtrack that i grew up with amybe. not so sure about those, only ever heard the german version. but hey, they are pretty damn close to the japanese ones
BTW, there's a new Friendship is Witchcraft short.
oh RD, i feel your pain
hehe... that'S funny B)
I laughed at it :).
Wait wait! There needs to be an emoticon on here with Dash wearing sunglesses, I just thought of it with your emoticon Dark_Horst!
Sketch_Toku_Brony how do we know if wizard has a good story yet didn't it start a few weeks ago
yeah, it always bugged me that we had nothing like that
....although itÄs usually more of a smug smile and got special use here xD
alexxm ...oh :$ well from the first 2 eps im likin it so far :D
Dark_Horst: I suppose though some would say "My opinon, deal with it B)" or some smug crap like that.
maybe
And everyone knows how annoying that is.
Actually i believe theres more of the emoticons but they aren't implemented as of yet except the current number we have
You know what? I honestly feel sorry for Spike in each of these FiW shorts.
this lack of sound in here is disturbing. here, ahve some music i found last week http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PJwo6bMKBaw
ah right Sketch_Toku_Brony just wondering because doesn't it usaully take i don't know 10 episodes to get rolling
neat, like howi twilight's talking in serif and dash in san serif, and pinkie with some odd font
alexxm yeah i can see what ya mean
Hello AJIsAwesome
Hi, SafariMonkey. :)
Anyone getting a stream?
no stream my end
Okay.
Heya AJIsAwesome :)
hi
MLP_Brovakiin: Hello! :)
Applejack2012: Hi! :)
/me watches Minecraft LPs on her phone
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P4TedkQP_hM
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJY6T2MdBmI&list=FLAViXIrbp86kg5lvVfFdQuQ&index=54&feature=plpp_video Someone said sounds?
oh hey, ballon party. seriously, download that if you havent already
I need to get the after-party album.
hm. wasnt so good imo. but ehy opinions
also mine doesnt matter anyway since i'm a metalhead and broneis make the only electronic music i can bear listening too^^
Pff Opinions? On the internet? You so silly
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gWm1GgPsayo
funny, i dont remember that being on the album
ok, have to go back, see yall
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gVok-7tDFF8&feature=related
Dken2021: Bye!
:)
bye
bye Dken2021
I'm bored so I'm gonna take a nap. Be back whenever or something
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inaOz64_Q5k
PillowPoni|PhoneNap: See you later! :)
bye
hello wvwrypony :3
yeah sure
Allo Magical_Pablez94.
hi
How is everyone today?
Magical_Pablez94: Hi! :)
i'm good Wirisme
Wirisme i am unable to type but am good, you?
i'm fine
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkLUfA6Xm0k&feature=relmfu Love this remix so much
Wirisme: Hello! Tired from college classes. :$
so, anyone ever heard a-capella metal? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IiESgYr35gA&feature=relmfu
Then how are you talking to me :O
AJIsAwesome i totally agree with your nick xD
Dark_Horst: Van Canto?
Magical_Pablez94: Thanks. :$
Unnr: yep
AJIsAwesome you are welcome xD
Yeah I'm good
Always fun, I like their covers of Blind Guardian
Man I fucking love NicoCW's Sonic remixes
how are you doing Wirisme
SpadeMagnes[School]: Me too. CAn't wait for him to do Techno Base. :$
Not too bad, alexxm
brb
And his Tropical Resort remix is a actual remix unlike the one in Generations 3DS
*definately
talked too much about developers today
SpadeMagnes[School]: Yeah. I kind of liked it, but it DEFINITELY wasn't a remix.
Vordox: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocKiCIsa6mA
I kind of fell asleep playing Xenosaga Episode 2 last night.. man I was tired
I accidentally my computer's power.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IevBmc9C_nE
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJfKZcNDVUg
Did I walk in on an unexpected dead hour?
Wouldn't say dead
More like...floundering.
tris to dust of chat
tries
achoo
I like that word. "Floundering".
Kammerjunk: Yep.
Sure is fishy around here
Its haf dead
half
Everybody's dead, Dave.-
I was watching the "me too" line from The Matrix Reloaded, and I stumble into scenes with Q.
Good stuff I tell ya.
Kammerjunk: Peterson isn't is he?
Everybody, Dave.
Everlasting_Joy: The best part of the Matrix is when Smith says that Keanu Reeves looks surprised,.
Send in everyone
Kammerjunk: What Captain Hollister?
SpadeMagnes[School]: Which one?
EVERYONE!
I love that line. :D
Kammerjunk: *facehoof.
Meanwhile: Everybody's -dead-, Dave.
Brb.
Kammerjunk: Not Chen?
cya
So this is what BronyState after dark is like Jmo? :P
Gordon Bennet, yes Chen. Everbody, everybody's dead, Dave.
Wait a minute, are you trying to tell me everybody's dead?
Shouldn't have let him out in the first place...
echo
Man I love Red Dwarf.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjc_sgQ2n1E&feature=player_embedded
Yup.
Good old Tv tropes... how I love thee
I rarely go on there anymore for some reason
I can't TV Tropes. It's too confusing.
honk
Grammar how do
Maybe it's just me who can't brain, but I can't the site.
Oh people are actually talking here
TV Tropes removed the FiM reviews
Okay
Too biased?
I try not to spend time on tv tropes
Applejack2012 WHY?
Don't know why Dark I had some up
What
Dark92Enigma: Because it's FiM. The reviews were likely either bias in favour of the show or against it.
Oh
13http://i.imgur.com/kOAqO.png
Oh
Suddenly, Shizuka.
I must depart. I have a class to go to.
Everlasting_Joy: You go!
sup everypony
Suddenly, Shizulink
Bye Everlasting_Joy. Learn something.
nemnemnemnem
I recognized that as a stupid minecraft thing that was trying to be meaningful or something and then I remembered today is 9/11 and went oh
Goodbye Everlasting_Joy
yo CCCP
bye Everlasting_Joy
alexxm he's on a stable condition....
hi...
Wait, it's 9/11 today?
hi SafariMonkey
Departs too
Heya CCCP :)
Yeah
Kammerjunk yes
hi
Holy hayballs, it -is- 9/11 today.
hi MLP_Brovakiin
alexxm he's out of risk for now
thats good to hear Dark92Enigma
how are things CCCP
alexxm eh
Dark92Enigma do you recken he'll retire after this?
Kammerjunk: it's been 11 years already :O
hi
Hiyo CCCP!
I wonder what is going on I am confused
hi pony_8069
hello MadSurge
hello pony
Kammerjunk: I wonder how many of use were children during 9/11
I know 9/11 was a tragedy but its been 11 fucking years.. I think we can stop making a big deal out of it
*us
I was 11 i think
or 12
Yeah 12
SpadeMagnes[School]: this, so much
13today we learn who is respectful and who isn't
alexxm Hopefully yes, i mean the faint happened after his last match.......i sorta wanted him to become WWE champ, but at least he won his last match
11 years ago I was...8.
Shizuka: how?
Nice purple text dude
Back.
What's going on now?
CCCP: Sorry were you trying to be discreet? :P
I dont mind paying respects but they make such a big deal out of it every time
I didn't care then, and I don't care now. Tragic yes, and I don't choose not to care, I just don't.
Are we talking about 9/11?
Heya AJIsAwesome
This is the first I've heard of it today
SafariMonkey: Thanks. :)
Then again I'm in the wrong country
Dark92Engima perhaps have william regal replace him on commety?
SafariMonkey no its okay =/
AJIsAwesome: HI!
WHat are we talking about THIS time? :S
Welcome back AJIsAwesome
Dark92Enigma: Hello! :)
MLP_Brovakiin: Thanks. :)
I don't understand how anyone who wasn't involved or related to someone who was involved in 9/11 attacks can be so emotional. This is just me saying I don't understand it personally.
Oh, today is 9/11.......:'(
how do turn that fucking ping off?
i just realized it
Meanwhile: I'm the same, even if it is insensitive
In Britain it's 11/9
^
^^
^^^
^^^^
vvvvv
13september 11, the day each year that 80% of the internet turns into sociopaths
CCCP the ping you get when you get a reply?
English Bronies represent. Politely.
Nice purple text dude
Shizuka turns into? arnet they already?
The hell are you talking about Shizu
Dark92Enigma yes
Use mIRC
CCCP I don't have a problem with it
You can configure it
CCCP: I use Pidgin
Meanwhile There are English people here?
Oh mah gawd.
^ Ofc
Inject your tea DWR.
No, not the sandwich place.
DashWithRainbows: There's Brits everywhere
With the trains.
Shizuka: It's been long enough to be safe to make 9/11 jokes, but I like only general jokes about it. Am I a sociopath? :(
CCCP: If you have windows 7 (maybe vista) you can mute your browser
Hispanic Bronies like yours truly, stand in sign of respect
Meanwhile Can't, some Londoner stabbed me and stole my syringes.
MadSurge: No, you're a worrywart.
13I'll give a word of warning. It is not safe to make 9/11 jokes.
I think maybe shizuka may be baiting people thinking-
Shizuka Oh, you mean because of the jokes?
Oh so that was directed at us
DashWithRainbows: Yeah, London has a habit of stealing syringes
Shizuka: no intention to make one
Shizuka: I rest my case....i knew it
its pretty fucking stupid when people think that since its been 11 years 9/11 jokes are okay...
Typical DWR.
Meanwhile: I second that motion.
Shizuka: i won't make A SINGLE ONE
I think it was Neil.
He lives in London, doesn't he?
Shizuka I don't know why I am a sociopath for not understanding if that is what you are implying. I want to understand.
You managed to get stabbed by Neil? Were you dogging?
I feel safe to say since I never lost anyone in 9/11 I can't feel the same way as the people who did
Meanwhile: The one at 19:44:52
I'm tired of all the complaining and NEVER FORGET I always hear about making jokes about this day. Just in general, not restricted to this place.
CCCP: some jokes can be made. Only light stuff, though.
Then in that case DO NOT........I repeat DO NOT watch (or re-watch) NC's review of Once Upon a Forest.
Anyway, I would reccomend that we don't talk about 11/9 or 9/11 because around 80% of the interent are dicks and insensitive
I only joke about "NEVER FORGET" whenever something mildly negative happens but people say 'never forget' about all kinds of stuff.
AT LEAST NOT TODAY
MadSurge no every joke can be made, doesnt mean they'll be funny
Anyone want to bet when I get on WoW trade is gonna be full of 9/11 shit?
CCCP: that too
1/1/2012 Never forget.
also id say about 100% of the internet are dicks =/
SpadeMagnes[School]: Rather listen to Barrens chat :L
I'm usually not a dick
http://derpy.me/iUs0o
CCCP: that's why bronies are like an oasis in a shit sea :D
AGAIN: Do not watch NC's review of Once Upon a Forest........TODAY
Every person has a differing opinion that will offend anybody if it is brought out. The key words here are brought out
NOT TODAY
Once upon a forest?
MadSurge: Rubbish, bronies are dicks a lot of the time too.
MadSurge but bronies arnt that nice :P
Which one was that again?
RRRRRRheumatism?
YES
Most of the bronies are good... THEN there are the nutcases
MadSurge: Actually, around 90% of the brony community are fucktards, this site and a few others are exceptions
2,14 awwww, don't ruin his innocent optimism! It never comes back when you lose it :P
MadSurge but some are nice
Serenity: I think you'll find a lot of people on here are fucktards as well.
<.<
Serenity and CCCP: that's why I stick around :$
2,14 meanwhile: WHAAAAAAAAAAAAA?
Meanwhile: It's true, yeah.
Like I said before, you can end up hating anybody if a certain opinion they have is brought out. At least I think so.
2,14 no one EVER misbehaves in Bronystate <.< >.>
Meanwhile *hugs
R to the H to the E to the U to the M-ATISM----------Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrheumatism!!!!!
13not for long anyway
Hehe, sounds legit Val.
Except when I go all canterlock on movie night
Shizuka: Soon... *.*
Opinions on the internet?! HAHAHAHAH
I go all italic on movie night
Shizuka Yeah but there are those that just think they are gods and can't be touched and realise they aren't with perma ban~
Not for long if they're just trolling Shizu, unfortunately being stupid isn't a bannable offense.
Well, I'm hungry for cake now my interent is resored
13yet
like: insert this theme, or quoting another theme
hey, did we ever have madmax 2 for movie night?
2,14 inb4 we have mandatory IQ tests for first time users :P
Keep pushing for that one Shizu. <3
:D
how about that creationism?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6azjN8iedTQ
Caramel: KoL style altar of literacy?
Still no Stream? :/
You can get around even a k-line if you care enough but at that point it's kind of just give up because it's not worth it :)
00,10hmmm the A movie is rather long perhaps they should have spent less time trying to not talk about it.
Shizuka: If being stupid was a bannable offence, this IRC chat would probably have a population of 1, and that would probably be DCD
13if you have one bucket that holds 2 gallons, and another bucket that holds 3 gallons
13how many buckets do you have?
Caramel: I like my innocent optimism :D
2.
has DCD been on in a while?
Shizuka: I ask who the fuck cares
OH.......yeah....that A MOVIE
5 buckets
MadSurge: Whose?
Shizuka: 2
shizuka, at least 1
AJIsAwesome: miiiiiine!
Dovah i won't fell for it this time
fall*
CCCP: He hasn't been on (Or at least I haven't seen him) in ages.
Meanwhile okay
shizuka, probably no more than 10, unless you are some form of bucket-based professional
Because he's in Medical school.
CCCP: Not for a month
2,14 I sell Buckets and Bucket accessories
DashWithRainbows: Not sure if good thing
That.. was a little bit awkward…. I just told "everypony" to get over here in my warehouse....
Math is the only place where you can buy 50 oranges and no one ask what the fuck is wrong with you
But do you sell lava buckets?
i hope time stops before 4:00
Caramel why is your text highlighted
hi everyone :) I'm kinda here, doing homework, but it should be done in about 30min (depending on distraction level)
Caramel: That's funny, I sell propane and propane related accessories
hi Lil_B
2,14 because I'm a mod
Lil_B: Hello! :)
hi
mods are too cool to tab
Lies, you're a super hacker Caramel.
If you use everypony so much that you accidentally say it, you're probably using it a bit too much
2,14 im in ur irc, haxxing ur ops
DashWithRainbows: You has a plus. = HAX
Wirisme the thing is i never use it LOL
thanks CCCP and AJIsAwesome :)
Nope
Bribery.
:P
/me has never used everypony IRL
Still dont see why you cant use everyBODY it still works for ponies...
lol
DWR couldn't hack out of a wet paper bag.
AJIsAwesome: me neither
SpadeMagnes[School]: It's a pun
i dont know why people donate a single cent to anything related to the brony community..
All I had to do is sell my soul, my possessions and the heart of my first born son to Bronystate, as well as other things.
Well I have to go, r.i.p
CCCP: Because one cent is all they have?
2,14 CCP: different boats for different folks
bye riskii
riskii: Bye. :)
Serenity :P
bye
Plus, over here, it's Pennies
So how long before we have conspiracy theorists in chat?
omg
2,14 you mean we haven't already?
None that I've noticed.
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m3owwxIstm1r95mhwo1_500.png
Meanwhile thanks for reminding me!
2,14 if they're related based on today's date, I would have to insist to refrain from them
brb
I'm pretty optimistic that there won't be any soon
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpLS_MUMq7s
DashWithRainbows Oi where you from i kinda can't figure it out
Metronome: I don't get it. :$
Did you hear about that rumor about Bill Nye dieing? He didnt actually
England killerpony7733.
Guys, quick question: How long has Niel Armstrong been dead
?
Metronome: I don't get it. :$
I don't know
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wIYGullw4o8 Oh this is brilliant
The only recent thing I heard about Bill Nye were his comments on creationists and how they shouldn't be spreading their stupid to their children.
DashWithRainbows Oh neat. I'm from Denmark or originally born in greenland but i moved here to family alongside with my mother here two years ago
Ha, nice killerpony7733. I hope to move away from this country.
I was born in Greenland and lives in Denmark too
Go to somewhere like Japan or somewhere cold.
Like Canada.
You'll never get away DWR, we'll knife you in the airport.
DashWithRainbows: You're a Brit? Woo
Meanwhile :) and some people on tumblr spread rumors about his death cus they dont agree and are stupid
Meanwhile: I don't have knife, just brutal murdering machine guns
Serenity: nout sure about Niel Armstrong, But Neil Armstrong has been dead for about 17 -18 days or so
Niels still alive :P
2,14 a sad day that was
Seriously? I thought it was only a few days ago
Meanwhile >Implying I'll make it to the airport with enough blood in my body that has yet to pour out from other stab wounds.
August 25th
wuh? bronystate survey closed? i though that was open til thursday
Caramel: I read a newspaper earlier, saying "teh phist man on teh mun is ded"
Indeed. Neil Armstrong was a man worth remembering.
I was like oh shit
hey CCCP
2,14 Dark_Horst: you're using last week's survey
hi Sonny
hi
2,14 this week's hasn't gone out yet
oh
Fair point DWR, you probably won't make it five feet from the door.
when will it go out?
Dark Horst are you Darkhorse
Caramel?
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Music: SoGreatandPowerful : E38 / Laughter And Kindness / Autumn (Derpy Hooves) Cover
2,14 yes?
Riskii: i'm a pudding
Meanwhile I won't be able to move from my current spot without a missing Liver.
Is there any chance (when I get better) that I could do a live-stream in the future?
CCCP, Oil, Sugar cane, cotton, and nickle exports at the very least
Or should I just make a video and send it you when done
?
DashWithRainbows: I can fix that. *Places a heart in the place where liver should be* deh, dun :3
2,14 the stream is manned only by official mods and streamers
So I don't risk a fail
Unnr cocaine too
k
I'll talk to some people in the east end, they can probably fish you out of the thames later DWR.
Caramel: + with good internet and PC
I live at the east end
I sure hope this unassuming box is the text box
I *might help*
Oh great it worked
CCCP and possibly the most important bit, coffee
Don't you mean River Tempz?
Unnr coffee is really bad for you :P
What about tea?
CCCP, just have a cup of Black Blood of the Earth
Tea is best caffine
Urgh don't remind me, that's the worst spelling I've ever seen.
I will never drink coffe! :[
Pinkie Pie is best caffeinme
caffeine
Meanwhile Pfft, I've seen much worse. If I was able to, I'd show you.
im gonna go rewatch the human centipede
Meanwhile: You'll be busy with Grammar Nazi duty
Please refrain from doing so DWR.
However, I don't want you to smash your head on the wall with enough strength to give someone brain damage.
CCCP: ._.
2,14 Do it DWR! I wanna see that happen!!!
yay
DashWithRainbows: It's alright, he uses cinderblocks.
Serenity it has horrible acting amoung many other this nor is it that creepy i may wanna test it one day ;)
BBotE is triple vacuum distilled coffee. 3.5 oz has as much caffeine as a gallon of regular coffee, and it has about 2 calories
If he does I'm going to smash my head on yours and hope my forehead is harder than yours Val.
DashWithRainbows If we are talking about english in general and how bad or good some are at it. I'll say it's getting more and more common to have people who are bad at expressing themselfs etc
who is DashWithRainbows ?
more like themselves
Hehehe
2,14 don't think that's possible since we are several thousands of miles away
DashWithRainbows is a douche.
Lil_B: He's a Rash. With Dainbows.
Don't talk to him.
Srsly.
o.o
k
I'll take a plane Val. Dynamic Skydiving Headbutt.
DashWithRainbows ok :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJfKZcNDVUg
Make sure you pack your lunch
inb4 Caramel takes a step out of the way.
2,14 good luck with that then, you'll be dead before you break through the 3rd floor
Lul
It's the thought that counts.
'dat dari
Ohai
Gawd, I told you nawt to talk to him Lil_B.
Ah told you.
I am bored. What do?
My internet is ficksed :3
2,14 ewww, it's another British person :P
dat dabi
dabi is best pom. ;~;
Simple.
It means he's the Princess of Dairy.
O_o
/me stabs Caramel in the face
He's a master journal writer.
Bored....listening to Xenosaga music
Pfft, you know you love me Val. :P
I didn't talked to DashWithRainbows DashWithRainbows
anypony here have ultimate marvel vs capcom 3 for ps3?
2,14 only on Wednesday nights ;)
SpadeMagnes[School] which episode?
You just did nao Lil_B.
Wednesday nights? Surely that was Neil's time slot.
I'll see you tomorrow night then.
Right now.. Episode 2's Major Boss music
DashWithRainbows whats ur name mean?
CCCP I dash with rainbows.
DashWithRainbows I only talked to DashWithRainbows , who isn't DashWithRainbows , ebacuse that's DashWithRainbows and not you DashWithRainbows
He has a rash with dainbows.
...
but rainbows dont dash DashWithRainbows :(
They do with me.
Because fack da rules.
DWR.mp4?
so many bugs in my house ;~;
They just want to hug you with all their arms.
Lots, and lots of arms.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJfKZcNDVUg I am loving this shit so much
<:
are there any moths CCCP?
lolbugs
So what is bronystate supposed to be?
Wait, I can't remember, are you scared of moths too DashWithRainbows?
A state
You and Olly?
Is it some other site I don't know about that this irc just hosts a channel for?
What? No.
Oh
I swear someone else in Skype was
http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m19hhfvtJZ1qeoqde.gif
Saxy?
I'm saving that one.
He's scared of bugs.
Oh, maybe
DashWithRainbows nope
Meanwhile: HAH
Beautiful
CCCP better bugs in your room than Bugs in your PC... unluess these bugs crawl into your PC and cause damage... in that case the definition of a Bug has come fully circle
Meanwhile that scared me!
Dude, it's just a moth
changeling bugs
Wasnt the first computer bug a litteral bug?
Lil_B but worse than bugs are spiders and silverfish :C
spiders are scarier than bugs
CCCP I don't like Silverfish :( but Speders are like "whatever just keep your strings out of my face"
Since we're on the topic of bugs...
http://www.nytimes.com/imagepages/2010/11/23/science/23angier3.html
http://i.imgur.com/CrBP5.jpg
Lil_B silverfish are the scariest fucking thing in my house
That thing, is amazing.
DashWithRainbows: YES <3
MEANWHILE.
Meanwhile :'(
BAD.
DashWithRainbows wat?
BAD MEANWHILE
Been so long since I've seen giant weta. <3
Spider! Kill it!
Om nom nom
Dat Weta.
Don't kill spiders, they're friendly.
Giant Weta is best bug.
Spiders want to kill me! Jmo
Plus spiders are cool.
... I'm getting distracted from homework... maybe having the chatpopped up and constandly on screen while writing isn't that good for productivity -.- ... and having thwe browser open
Dari ...
What?
Lil_B :P
If spiders are trying to kill you, you're obviously doing something wrong.
I dislike it very much.
>:
EA tried to buy Valve with a billion dollars, but was turned down? awesome
You know a spider landed on my head from the ceiling the other day
There could be one sitting above you, right now.
flutter_spin multiple times over the past few years
That'd be something
Just gently sliding downards.
is it really ture we eat spiders in our sleep? :(
true*
00,10then it would die fast dari
Lil_B: I thought I heard this story before.
CCCP: No
SUMI
It was made up.
dari and then Kettering would be set on fire.
00,10ohhi flutter_spin
There was a spider about the size of my palm in the kitchen this morning, had to move the fat bugger down with a broom to throw him out.
2,14 it's something like 3 spiders in your lifetime
Spiders eat us in our sleep more like it.
And no, you don't eat spiders in your sleep.
Nah, QI told me Caramel
CCCP can happen, the avarege human eats 60 bugs and 7 spiders in his sleep in his life
Some guy made it up and put it on the internet to see if people would really believe anything.
And we did.
XD
Quite funny really.
2,14 funny, considering it's something I heard YEARS ago, like in the 80s
Oh hey Spectrum_Rush
what if you got a cut once and a spider lays eggs in to cut they open when the cut is healed? would they tear their way out? or crawl out of another hole?
hi Spectrum_Rush and SafariMonkey
They would die CCCP.
wat did i just say?
2,14 CCCP I don't know of any spiders that actually DO that
hi
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVxfPz3pmMk&feature=related
DashWithRainbows i dont want them to die! :(
Caramel well thats good
Hey Applejack2012
Well some wasps lay their eggs in live caterpillars
And when they hatch the larvae eat them from the inside out
00,10Nice flutter_spin
2,14 those are wasps, and caterpillars
2,14 part of the biological cycle
or what if you peed out spiders?
Caramel: http://www.snopes.com/science/stats/spiders.asp
2,14 but I'm not certain if those wasps lay them in other creatures, or ust the caterpillars
Those wasps just use caterpillars iirc.
2,14 interesting
Oh hey, btw, what do you think this is? http://i.imgur.com/EEZ1o.jpg
Thats a lot of ponies
LOL
and a zebra
Meanwhile Fuck You!
this reminds me of how i need to get my hands on a blindbag or two
Meanwhile: hwere'd you get the zecora?
Dark_Horst good luck finding them i couldn't find any where i live
So bored right now
Rules of talking to Meanwhile: If you tell him your fear, he will link images of it for a while.
Meanwhile *hugs*
DWR: http://i.imgur.com/EEZ1o.jpg Look at it.
Zecora is at Toys R Us, huge supply where I live
2,14 DWR: rules of the INTERNET
And tell me what you see.
and he got some in holland
DashWithRainbows: Really...?
What's an internet?
I'm sacred that Meanwhile will die.
Pics pls
:P
Pfft
sacred?
I can't believe my Toys R Us still has wave 1 blind bags.
2,14 meanwhile's death is a sacred rite
Lawl
I'm dying for it to get wave 2. I want glow in the dark pinkie
Pfft.
05oi caramel
Dat LadyCanary
Meanwhile: i thin this spider is making sweet and tender love to something unidentifiable
05i wil lset up now
Ohai. <:
05when you are done
dat Wrek
05ill start up
05<3
dat prince dari
Wrek Hiya wrek more DX1?
2,14 ...
Suddenly Wrek.
2,14 wrek, I haven't BEEN streaming
05OH!
2,14 because you're queued up before me
05fuck me then
hi there LadyCanary
lol wrek
lol.
Hello LadyCanary
Caramel why was BEEN in caps? should HAVEN'T?
Dark_Horst yeou search for Blindbags?
Lil_B: why yes, i do
2,14 because I can
CCCP: The emphasis works in either place
Depending on how you say the sentence.
05now i jsut got this game
05so i suck at it
05but we'll see
05hopefully ill get better in due time
Guild Wars 2 trailer finally released. Huh.
2,14 take heart in knowing that you can't possibly die more than you have in Abuse
Give me twenty dollars, your wife is in the club
What game?
Dark_Horst try Galleria, Karstadt and Toys-R-Us, they are the only onces that sell them here, but only if you are lucky and only in the bigger onces, Like in Frankfurt on the Zeil
Dark_Horst I had the opportunity to buy 1 on the last meetup in Frankfurt I got... Twilight Sky... because everyone knows him right?
I read Zeil as ZUUL
hm. was in galeria and karstadt in wiesbaden today. didnt even look there. damn
Lil_B: saywut?
Guild Wars 2 trailer sucks
Dark_Horst Search in the Pink Filly sektion for them XD
i'd guess i have to
i need a trenchcoat and sunglasses for such occasions. why dont i have those?
05dammit FMLE start WORKING
Dark_Horst http://images4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20111126025153/mlp/images/5/59/Mystery_pack_4_Twilight_Sky.jpg
Dark_Horst no... I think walking around in a Trenchcoat and Sunglasses in a Little Girls Sectio is even more suspicous -.-
Lil_B: ....yeah... surely he must be important... ish
Lil_B: ghillie suit then?
i
i'
i'd be the fastest bush in the buuilding
and i also curse the tiny enter key on this notebook
Throws money at the screen for Twilight Sky
Dark_Horst get a big lolly and a giant ass propeller hat
Genius Lil_B.
that just might work
I got all the blind bags I wanted, except for the 3 glow in the dark ones
05rebpptomg comp
05then stream
rebpptomg <3
wut?
I got my secret undergdound sources to secure myself a nice full mane 6 set of Blindbag Ponys :3
Denmark why u no Zecora yet?=
Lil_B: lol. My Toys R Us had the first wave of blind bags for about 2 months now
Lil_B: you mean to tell me you know the designations of those?
Bah..might as well turn on some more Xenosaga music
And glow ponies
They are literally sitting there. Every single one in order.
Does anyone know when season 3 is coming?
no
yes
enopoe
bunny nope date has not yet been set i'm damn sure
dem eyes.
I am so freakin tortured! I WANNA WATCH MLP!!!!!!
I haven't seen wave 4 out yet. I saw wave 3 at Walmart though. Even got the posters.
*facedesk*
Our toy store has wave 4
http://derpy.me/-flpT
am i the only one that thinks jumping spiders are fucking cute with their big puppy eyes?
bunny Shame i can manage just fine without. But i'm certainly looking forward to S3
But no FiM posters
Dark_Horst: 'till they jump onto your face anyway
Leeeeeeeeeerooooooooy
My mum just had a panic attack: "Come here right now! My laptop's making a funny sound, it might be dangerous!" It was the fan brushing against some card sticking into the vent. :P
My stores tend to be 1 month behind in getting stuff out once it hits EQD
nope bnny
Dark_Horst no , but I know someone who buys them in large quantitys to sell them via Ebay (met him at GalaCon and I hanged out with him a lot there) and I recetnly sent him a mail if I can buy a mane 6 set ... he said he'll send them when the next delivery comes XD
Give me twenty dollars your wife is in the club
People always think.
Lil_B: I'm not too worried about the mane 6. The collection sets (of 3) include the mane 6.
Lil_B: you dont suppose you could squeeze in an order for a second set?
Herp
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gT9r_-oHJV0
Dark_Horst probably not :/ it's really a present from him, but I'll try to ask him when the time comes
thanks for trying at least^^
:( so no stream
At least he put an epilepsy warning
when will someone stream?
http://www.toysrus.com/product/index.jsp?productId=11872842 if you are really desperate. I bet ebay may prove easier to get (if you just want the mane 6)
Wrek is here ask him to stream.
When the planets align and the old ones rise from the depths to wreak havoc on the world of men.
flutter_spin If I wanted to spend money on that stuff I would just go and buy it :P but I'm kinda nitpicky with my money
Lil_B: oh yeah, I understand.
MASF123:i dont see him in the user list
i know that feel. would try random blindbags myself, but i'm curently busy getting funds for some serious hardware upgrades together
everything i eat makes me think of a freshly torn carcess :(
sonicandmario85, yeah he left not too long ago.
Dark_Horst: heh. random? Just look for the bar codes.
hello evrypony
Oh there he is.
there we gp
The Return of Wrek.
flutter_spin: where can i look them up?
name: Hi! :)
Dark_Horst yeah, I'm really out of money myself :/ I have quite some Hardware to buy this Fall/Winter
hi
Hello name
hmm
no color
and milking cows kills them too
hi name
/me hugs evryone who said hello
05there
hello
05all is well
*throws headcrab on CCCP*
/me sets a box of crayons on Wrek s head
brb
aw I was too late
sonicandmario85 licks the headcrab
Dark_Horst it was funny at the GalaCon, when the anouncer said (during the raffle) "when wave 6 will hit this Fall..." and he turned to me and said "no, most of them will come to mee, I ordered 15 crates"
so if you download a movie in jamaica does that mean your a pirate of the carribean
in Europe though
pfHAHA
:D
*headcrab latches onto his head and turns him into a idiotic headcrab zombie screaming yabba my icing*
goddamn bag hogger xD
name does cuba count too?
name: you're*
bye
i think so Lil_B
bye CCCP :)
you*
I see our mustachioed friend is doing his thing.
Addendum: hi everyone.
Allo Rei. And I can't help it.
YABBA
MY
ICING
...
05ok all is working
bai CCCP
Wrek:are you gonna stream youtube videos or play a game?
I played too much Port Royal 3 when it came out... know I know all major and minor town of the Carribean in the 16-17th centoury -.-
The guy who asked me to edit that Borderlands fanfic, are you here?
hai rei
Reikim: Hi! :)
Wrek: Yay?
RRRRRAAAWWWWEEERRRR!!!!!!!!
le moo
Yay! A Wreky stream!
/me kidnaps RanbowDash90
meepz o3.
is the stream dead
RAINBOWWW (quote from friendship is witchcraft*
:D
looks like it to me
oh what to listen too?!~~~
/me trips alexxm "oops"
Lil_B: korpiklaani?
05lets see if this works now
Dark_Horst Gesundheit?
05dammit
05crashed
Answer: listen to the Overture, have fond memories of V for Vendetta.
Wrek:FUCKING WINDOWS 98
Lil_B: finnish folk metal band xD
Reikim a Overtue1812 , there are so many Overtueres XD
Lil_B: much metal, folk influenced, awesome stuff
That guy with the Borderlands fanfic, are you here?
Lil_B: I was referring to that one, but I was unsure of the date, as 1812 has a different signifigance for me due to history lessons.
Dark_Horst sorry, that's really not my kinda of music :(
05Y U CRASH
*significance
But yeah, the 1812 Overture is one badass piece of music.
Wrek:windows 98 did it ITS INFECTING YOUR COMPUTER
Lil_B: you say tha now, but give it a try
...
I can appreciate metal even though it's not my thing.
Reikim o prop, 1812 by Tscheikovsky (<- toptally spelled wrong) about the defeat of Napoleons Army in Russia
I've got a friend who absolutely loves his metal, though.
Reikim: Agreed.
i respect metal though i dont like it that much
your wife is in the club.
what club
Lil_B: Ah, so it WAS related to the War of 1812...Also it's Tchaikovsky, which is fun to spell and say.
I can totally dig Metal, but there are just some types (especially the folk rock type) In don't quite enjoy :(
Give_Me_Twenty_Dolla
is that you slender man?
folk metal is a very broad genre
some are more emtal, some are more folk
Slenderman....? :O
Hello everypony!! :)
also depends on which folk, they vary greatly ins tyle depending on origin
MUSIC
Isn't that the case with everything?
STREAM
THE WORLD
05its workiiiing
DAT. SAX
05its wooooorkiiiing
ITS SAVED
Ooh, look! A stream!
05about fuckign time
/me takes out fork and knife "where"
Alright! We have stream!
In every genre there are an insane number of variations.
WAIT. GOLDFIIIIIIIIIIIISH
wheres slenderman
whats goin on?
hia Ponyloverforever
/me dances with joy.
MASF123: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gT9r_-oHJV0
he owes me 20 $
name:DONT QUESTION ME!!!!
sup
I hear ya
Suddenly Wreky :3
Yay!
what are we doing??
lol
o u
:P
:D
/me backflips like a bause
*humps headcrab zombie*
Zombie:YABBA MY ICING
aww slenderman owes me 20$
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Story: An Earth Pony's Guide to Magic (Update Complete!)
/me hugs for everybody!
Huh
what is on?
/me hugs Sonny
Oh it's an update
I was wondering where I'd seen that before.
:)
whats going on?? O_O is it a scary game or somthing??
01,00Kandarihu.... I will not Protect this world.....
No =___=
13canary canary~<3
damn color script.
You can't use colored text
Shizuka!!!!!!! Good morning sweetie <3
/me reapplies hugs to Sonny.
13wubwub
you may take our freedom BUT YOU WILL NEVER TAKE OUR INERNET
Whoops >.<
Shizuka:hello shizuka :3
MASF123 D: I know that.
name: Yeah they will
not... so... ti- Kinixys
heya Shizuka :3
Panda, I saw a program on Wrek's computer labelled Panda Global Protection v1.24 or something.
name, they will.... eventially.
is it a scary game??
Afternoon, Shizu. You woke up just in time for me to fall asleep. Dat's nice...
13aww rei
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Story Updates September 11th (Afternoon)
I wonder when next episode airtime is in FiM
then theyll have to kill me forst
Kandarihu O_o no... I WILL NOT PROTECT ANYTHING!
first*
Work is exhausting
/me floats off to dreamland
white screen
of life
WHITE SCREEN OF DEATH
Reikim greet Kirby from me :)
O_O
THEN BLACK SCREEN OF DEATH
Panda, it's a program that Wrek has for some reason. But if you refuse to protect anything, THEN WHAT GOOD ARE YOU?
THEN GREY
gray screen
Black is evil WHite is good, racist much?
It's only a matter of time until they actually announce the air date, MASF123. I predict it will be around the beginning or middle of October.
then blu
wait what is this
this is bronystae
state*
Predict being the keyword :S
Kandarihu Its probably the panda anti virus program. Someone stole my dna and made digitized it D:
this is bronystate!
MASF123, only in terms of the natural born colors of people's skin.
Hi AJIsAwesome, Polydunami.
Polydunami, I wanted Tom to say next episode airtime is unknown.
hi
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
Ther you go.
found soemthn nice :)
*there
Yay!
Kinixys: Hi! :)
Right on schedule
sniped
So, what game is this?
Oh hey Kinixys
WHAT SOURCERY IS THIS?!
hi
Holla everypony! :)
Hola
GilDash: Hi! :)
Hey, GilDash
Also, I think we're only seeing a part of the game screen... and stills.
/me nuzzles GilDash
Hi MASF123 .
Hi GilDash
Aaaah. Planetside 2
Woop woop
if someone says they're a liar would you believe him
OH BOY! BETA FOOTAGE!
Bipolar mood kicking in....
them*
must leave chat.... o_0
So that game is charging up front?
MASF123:YOU WIL GET MOLESTED BY PRINCESS MOLESTIA IF YOU LEAVE D:
/me sneaks into chat
will*
>_><_< <----- cool new emotes!
The Dream Oath "Maria and Draco" (Overture - Aria - Wedding/Duel - Finale - Epiloge_1994 Orchestral Game Music Concert <3
never saw them before
sonicandmario85, but I like Molestia D:
You just discovered those, Ponyloverforever?
Why is the streamer playing with rocks in a tin can?
Wow
is it zoomed in too much?
the screen cutout seems way off
bit too zoomed in there....or is that the point?
badass graphics
Wrek: you might wanna adjust your cutout
Ponyloverforever >.> ill just settle for that.
So much zoom @_@
Who knows
zoomy ZOOMY screen
yeah i was off for a while because i had a month off school and then i couldnt go on for a few days cuz i was tired
We are doing quality control for the graphics of this game.
zoom out
/me zooms
Way too zoomed in there. I caught the sight of parts of popup buttons.
Some sort of Sci Fi Military game
It looks like... Planet Side 2 almost..
hia Vordox
It is.
Hiya Lil_B
Which should not be streamed.
Oh I saw a mag rider
too much zoom
black screen of death
It is PS2
wait is this an intro
zoom out
Breaking NDA is fun!
Is he playing this now? Or is this just FMV?
Hey wrek how you feeling?
Wrek: dude, we cant see anything
Hey Wrek?
Scary, but fun
an fmv
Awkward, but fun
What are you guys talking about?
Boring, but fun
I see no game on stream
secret, but fun?
Silly, but fun
Vordox, refresh then.
Nope, none at all. >_>
I see... half a screen :P
taje civer
Wrek's playing Planetside 2
I am curious Wrek which side are you on? Terran?
Wrek. The stream is zoomed in too much.
Kandarihu: No he's not. >_>
MASF123 boring butt fun? Doesnt no exist :3
in hardcore zoom mode
Wrek: would you send me server and faction info sometime?
G'day Vordox
not*
Lo XAX
I don't know what yall are complainin' about. Ahh can see just fine >_>
I think he rolled NC. Boooooo
why isit zoomed in so much?
Wrek zoom out please
We are not supposed to seee thiis.
So its probably on purpose
Barbetos|AtWork: :D
take out a rocker launcher
Rawket Lawnchair!
Barbetos|AtWork: I remember him!
I have only seen him on once.
a spider rifle
Spiderman.mp4
Hello LadyCanary!
I see nothing on stream, nothing at all that's connected to a NDA: >_>
ofcourse he plays a cloaker though.
Oh, according to TVTropes, Planetside WILL be Free to Play
Hiya MadSurge
Yep
hi
Er, Planetside 2
They are selling the "Alpha Squad"
05fixing it
Hai MadSurge
Kandarihu: but there will be costy extras
pack at the moment.
MMkay~
There we go
ohai there MadSurge ;)
Oh and I was wrong
Ohai Lil_B, my laptop just died of heat :D
hey
The NDA for PS2 was lifted as of Augest 31st
Yay!
http://massively.joystiq.com/2012/08/31/planetside-2-lifts-nda-heads-to-pax/
Hang on i need to go to the dashiesauce
05well duh Barbetos|AtWork
05toehrwise i wouldnt stream
MadSurge I knew I'm too hot too handle... erm... uuhhhh...
#Dashiesauce
Yeah I was thoroughly confused Wrek. =P
Lil_B: O u :D
That room advertisement.
I thought Wrek was invisble
Looks better.
:P
But one question. WHy you no roll Terran? DDDD=
SP2 ?
so whats this game about
red faction
Oh. He is Terran.
I feel stupid now
yay hes on ze red team
I wish I was not broke. I would so buy that
Good luck Wrek!
alexxm there is so much lore to this game.
how much is ps2
ok Barbetos|AtWork
Bye guys off to play tribes
But long story short the Terran Empire settled a planet through a worm hole with iron fist control on the planet.
byh!
bye SafariMonkey :)
bye
SafariMonkey: Bye! :)
I registered for the beta and i have waited for so long and no invite to it yet....
so this is just one giant fps?
The worm hole collapsed on day and the Terran Empire on the planet collasped into three seperate factions.
aim above them bullets drop
Hey wrek how you feeling man?
Ded?
no
:3
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Drawfriend Stuff #562
ohh planetside 2 took me long to figure that out
Terran represent the ways of the old empire. New Congolmerate are a group of rebels working to gether, and Vanu Soveigntry believe in advancing the alien tech discovered on the planet.
Oh so this is Planetside 2?
Yes
how much is this game again
name 40 bucks
Heard good things, not really investigated.
wow im 5$ too short
Ah, I remember my time on Planetside 1. I went with a free trial on my old computer, before I upgraded it at all.
how many people can play per match?
The game would lag up like crazy every time I get into a firefight.
Doesn't look like something I'd buy though :|
MadSurge, it's free to play
Kandarihu: well, this laptop can't run it anyway
Ded.
:D
Killed by...some wally.
love these types of games
MadSurge, it's probably something that you could turn your graphics down on.
hey guys what are we watching wrek play?
Planetside 2
Kandarihu: hmm, but i dunno yet
though i only play in ps3
To bad Mechwarrior online still has an NDA.
soooo anyone play "To the moon" yet ?
no scope like a bause
Nice.
lol
Kill dem purple losers!
MEDIC
Killed by FF.
=(
That game's got my attention. I might go for it once it gets a 75% discount
head shot
That pistol look sexy.
dat buffer
Eeyup
http://i.imgur.com/3Qapx.jpg
Testing.
Nvm.
http://store.steampowered.com/news/8839/
He is just aiming.
And then Black Mesa made it onto steam.
I noticed
I did not even consider that game when the introduced the idea of Greenlight
welp i'm out
Er mod
welp i'm out
Wellp. Looks like Wrek has a bit of trouble.
His computer exploded
he is not even in chat.
He pinged out.
MASF123: Bye! :)
there goes that computer
I need to build a new compy before mine dies.
XAX, AND THERE WAS MUCH REJOICING!
Its wants to die. I can feel it.
Oh shoot.
I gotta head out ;3; I'll be back asap
See ya LadyCanary
deadpoolicious
fuckin hell
LadyCanary: Bye!:)
see ya canary
05how annoying
Kandarihu: INDEED
Crashed Wrek?
was there cake in the selebration ?
05yeah
celebration*
05startign back up
Oh great. To play Tribes Ascend I have to download and install every update, 5 so far and counting. Good that it only takes a minute and a half to download a 500MB update. :P
SafariMonkey: How many updates?
AJIsAwesome: 5 so far
SafariMonkey: Wow. Just for an update. :D
AJIsAwesome: haven't played in a while, been on my ubuntu partition
internet lag what i miss
name: Nothing much.
wrek did you pause the stream?
AJIsAwesome: I'm getting almost 50 Mbps to the server though
twiligh sparkles
SafariMonkey: Okay.
05Moopy: crashed
Dat launcher.
Oh that sucks how did that happen?
AJIsAwesome: Fibre Optic FTW
hmmm
well lets just hope it never crashes on you ever again wrek
05its a question of when not if
I'll be back later on. See you ponies later.
I'm out
just saying thats all
I take it it's not very stable yet then.
bye polydunami
bai poly
bey polydunami
has anyone seen skenderman he owes me 20 $
slenderman*
>100%
>Still loading.
Meanwhile: :D
its a hardcore match
seems legit, a sony game not running after 100%
nvm
13http://i.imgur.com/XLcJf.png
Never.
...
I saw that on Eqd. :D
lol slenderman grocery shopping :D http://www.vgcats.com/comics/
Hehehe
Sketch_Toku_Brony: :D
How's he going to get all that with a $20 budget anyway.
oh so thats where my 20 $ went
so, just applied for planetside 2 beta. what are the chances of getting in there?
sorry, didnt understand that, lagged just then xD
well alright then
seeing my luck with betas, i probably wont see any of it
Who knows, you might.
Hello everypony.. what the
what kind of hardware would i need anyway?
That max unit seems to be borked.
Oh wow.
That gal flying looks amazing.
lowfn: Hi. :)
the game does look very pretty i say
overkilled by a rocket launcher
ouch
Silly tank, you will never work in a sushi restaurant.
how are things lowfn
deadpool funny
Good, thanks for asking alexxm
Heh this game reminds me of reach a little bit i can tell from the grapics
The respawn distances make me cringe.
what the?
rhis reminds me of bf3 alot but with more planes and less tanks
hope it's not too heavy on the cpu. quad is nice and all, but i'm not sure if 2,2gig are enough
this*
13wrek needs to play tribes 2
13or even tribes 1
13i would pay large amounts of bread to see bronystate play tribes 1
did any of those goe by the title of vengeance?
He has played Tribes 2.
or was that another tribes?7
13we don't talk about tribes vengeance .-.
dont you hate those noobs who just shoot a rocket launcher at you
lol
13i could torture everyone and play its singleplayer though
well, sure, story was cheesy as fuck, but i had fun with it
you guys should trying Battle feild 3 it has so much graphics into it
I own Tribes Vengence.
only tribes i had xD
13i enjoyed its sound design and art
The only thing I liked about it was a few videos the "pros" made
The only Tribes I've played is the most recent one, I don't really like it.
13they ruined the gameplay itself though
13but i would steal the disc launcher effects for t2, and of course i use the hitsound in tf2
13(which is http://tf2dingalings.com/sound/details/363 btw)
Wow you pulled that up quick
13chrome autocompletion :3
Ah. I need to change the TF2 ding sounds. I may use those my self.
The default ones are ear drum shattering.
13actually i stole the heavy armor effects for t2 also, was nice
Perhaps you should turn your volume down.
is that planetside 2?
Heh i remember playing the old TF classic games Shizuka i played it back then i played as a eginner then played as the medic but it was cool back then
also hi
13the tf2 stock hitsound is awful
What?
13especially for high rate of fire classes
Mostly Pyro.
pew pew pew
Did you say something Wrek ?
lazahs
13especially pyro
Hitsound as in the damage ding?
nvm guns
13ja
Why would you even turn that on?
well, planetside looks interesting so far. might buy it
wat are we watching people...
sure hope i get the chance to do some testing though
well you guys are screwed
Madbro: planetside 2 beta
Dark_Horst: aok thx
I wonder what base this is.
It looks cool.
well, homework is don now, and I'm finally downloading Otonosihi 2 -.-
why don't they have any games like this for consoles? i would definitely buy it if i could
wow... THAT is the map?
!!
that's one fucking map, iÄd say
How does NC have so much!?
13is it me or are there permanent IFFs
Blaspheme!
13tribes maps are known for being stupidly huge
13it's part of the appeal
I have the damage text for TF2 enabled but not the sound, not like there isn't usually enough ambient noise anyway
So I just used that 7 day days of game time Blizzard is giving people to prepare for Mists.
Shizuka: this is planetside though^^
Why did they have to destroy Shamans?
13oh
13that explains a lot
xD
13like the permanent IFFs
it does look awfully pretty though
Buytoast: I heard they altered the fundamental of totems.
...
They took them out.
bit sterile on the open parts, but acceptable
Half my shit is gone.
...
They....they what?
Well, not all of them.
lag
The bad thing about the defualt settings though is that they have it set to a draw distance that keeps going on forever.
But I'm missing about half my totems.
lags every 4 sec though
So... it really kills the frame rate unless you fix it in the config file.
Good grief. Why don't they make mana work for all classes and remove stealth while they're at it.
hmm.... flight physics seem a bit spongy
the blues are losing ground
Meanwhile: which game?
You want to know something even more ridiculous.
WoW.
bonjour
oh that
I can't use any heals except for Chain Heal and Healing Rain apparently.
Not sure I do, but go on.
Because I'm enhancement.
They've cut off the...what.
bwwaaaaaammmm
13inception ost huh
oooh, mombasa
Why would you do that.
excellent
It actually fits really well.
actually, suitable for this style of game
so what game is this?
the music fits in so well
Planet Side 2 beta
oh
Oh its about to be night time
Do you have a flash light?
I actually heard a loop of the inception Horn today XD the BWOOOWW noise is nice :)
is it possible to snipe while running
I know they were dumbing the game down in Mists (More so than it has been already) but are they just trying to cater to 12 year olds now?
Oh that is a lightening.
huge las spikes
derp
i think the grapics look good an all well......yeah it is
Wrek: does this game have things like artillery strikes?
Not even 12 year olds.
wow
howdy everybrony also no stream ?
LOL
rofl
It looks like the spellbook reads for 1st graders.
be an assault
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Random Merch:
Thunder-Crescent: Hi! :)
Does anyone here have Tribes: Ascend?
well, at least the drivers are like battlefield kiddies
feels right at home
howdy AJIsawesome
who needs arty i just steal vehicles
Dark_Horst: the original game has Command ranks, and you get orbital strikes at C4 and C5 ranks.
Guess WoW's given up trying to be what it used to be then.
nice
smaller one and a bigger one for the latter.
lag
wait.... did it just become night?
Yes
I don't even have an Earth totem to use anymore.
wait what team is he on
Day and night cycles.
FUCKING NICE!
I'm not even angry at this. I'm just disheartened.
that'S it, im getting that
Rest in peace Molten Core. I'm sorry they gave your end boss legs.
friendly fire
...
lag
that game looks badass wrek
explosions
BARRELZ
why can't they have games like this for consoles?
this game is amazing
oh look, an idiot shot you
you should shoot him
...
Guess he got scared.
ifire
i HATE those morons who are to blind to see the big fat friendly markers above your head
13nerf_soldier: because the current slate of consoles are all obsolete and barely keeping pace with what PC can do
wow the blue is getting owned
is anyone else getting and occasional buffer?
an*
i am
And no.
twilight_sprinkle: did, gone now though
hmmm
no
i hope its not my internet being stupid again...
somepony is taking up wreks ping or the bandwith
are there any placable explosives in this game
and suddenly everything got blue
DUN DUN DUUUUN
Shizuka: do you think the new consoles will get anywhere near this level?
13doubt it
nerf_soldier: maybe
if they ever will, they'd be expensive as fuck
Its nerf.........or nothing NERF!
..
lol
try assault class
Shizuka: I like having both consoles and PC though
This game looks like it could be good for actual troop movements if people were willing to listen.
so yeah, 300usd console vs 600usd pc, guess what'll perform better
hi everypony
hi thelonepony
hi name
hows life
how are things thelonepony
great alexxm and you?
i'm good thelonepony
EY everypony
http://gunsoficarus.com/community/forum/discussion/407/goio-tournament-1-sign-up-thunderdunes
Title on gunsoficarus.com: GoIO Tournament #1 Sign up: THUNDERDUNES! - Guns of Icarus Online Forum
now i had a buffer
check the ship name
ey robotdragon
thelonepony: Hi! :)
robotdragon9: Hi!
who's streaming and what game is the streamer playing?
hey there
i hear lots of shooting but i see none
hi robotdragon9
Not bad
hi AJIsAwesome
I liked the small amount of that I played.
no scope
buffer
i don't know whether to shout out loud because of how awesome this game looks, or to cry because i probably won't play anything like this till i leave my parents
/me hands nerf_soldier tissue
Did they nerf mortars yet?
name: thanks *sniffs*
wow music is again fitting of the situation
i've heard that soundtrack before
where is it from?
they went through and nerfed a bunch of stuff a while back
so maybe
oh hey, im back?
FALL BACK
flamethrowers are still a little op
did i get unbanned?
who's streaming and what game is the streamer playing?
Back in the start mortars were hilariously op.
at least in m school
or did my phone do that wonky thing it does?
hi Lyra`
*my
goldfish can hold a galleon still with a flamethrower
oh hai :3
They did massive damage had huge clips and could fire stupid fast.
hai lyra
Sumica
:banlist
Only the range was a hinderance.
:kickcount lyra
Lyra`: lyra has been kicked 0 times
what game is this?
^
hold the position
Wrek: where was that soundtrack we jsut heard from?
planetside 2
hiya everypony
Dark_Horst: inception
thatw as inception?
indeed
color me surprised, i dont remember that
and hai DracheEngel
ive been kicked once when i had a one letter name
oh wow
'black mesa'
the hl1 remake
it got 'greenlit' on steam
Hey guys, what are we watching?
a stream!
hi Obsidian
a stream of a game called planetside 2
hai obsidian
i just played the last level of "resistance : fall of man" last night. wasnt as hard as i remeber (although i had practiced prior to playing)
Obsidian: Hi! :)
*remember
how are things Obsidian
I got kicked once because I said the A movie. :(
...
I might be more inclined to play it if I ever had anything to do with Half Life.
the A-Team
http://store.steampowered.com/news/8839/?snr=1_4_4__109
Title on store.steampowered.com: News - First Titles Get Steam's Greenlight
i love that movie
alexxm: fine so far
AJIsAwesome: was it autokick?
brb dinner
AJIsAwesome u mean that movie that should never be spoken in chat?
twilight_sprinkle: Sort of like that.
you mean, Fight Club
what movie
twilight_sprinkle: I got kicked by Sumica when Shizuka asked it.
ha, there is an autokick
twilight_sprinkle: I got kicked by Sumica when Shizuka asked it.
yeah, i just checked it :D
Fight club
dat repeated message.
...
fight club
I'll taker that as a no: No-one here has Tribes: Ascend
I have it
Just don't play it
I think you mean Combat Guild.
SafariMonkey: I have it. Don't really like it though.
Meanwhile: OK
..
Too pay-to-win mostly
fiGht club
hi
h
LOL
damn, works with both registers
Dat slidey guy
Fight cluб
Frankly I feel trying to get into it now would just be trying too hard.
...
:kickcount twilight_sprinkle
twilight_sprinkle: twilight_sprinkle has been kicked 1 times
twilight_sprinkle: Did it work?
i wonder how many times i got kicked
twilight_sprinkle: BerryPunch only counts kicks she made.
AJIsAwesome: that last one yeah, after all i replaced an entire letter
13i'm confused
i know
13what movie are we watching tonight
whats this game called?
Shizuka: Fight clun
oh loo ki made a typo
Shizuka: Don't you mean Friday?
It's Tuesday, so I doubt we're watchign anything.
13clun
i meant club
13wut
13i don't get it
...
BUFFER
Troll harder Shizu.
Shizuka: A movie with fighting and something called a club
The letter n is next to b?
its called fight
club
I think it's called Combat Guild, right? :P
fright curb?
the troll is strong with this one
looks fun
flight club
13we're watching a movie called fight?
can we not say the movie name or something?
13that doesn't sound very A
Night club
a movie about airforce
It is so A.
Battle Lodge?
Night Rub.
ok, its called Fighт club
Struggle Society?
this is beta gameplay though. wrek got lucky
halo jump
i win
use the gun
lol
13you're all not making any sense
lol
Dark92Enigma: Like BF3 maps multiplied by 5
even tanks do it
the vehicles are mating
Disagreement Consortium.
Campaign Cabaret?
Wow
i wonder if it works with different fonts too
Gotta relieve that battle tension somehow
...
Competitive Gild?
ғıɢнт cʟυв
wow perfect convoy right there
well they have been working on that game for over 3 years
Conflict Clubhouse?
MOVE UP MNE
Men*
so why arent they rolling?
Crusade Nightspot?
Valve is more than happy that someone made that source mod
quןɔ ʇɥƃıɟ
uhh AUTOBOTS ROLL OUT
Mm, but I've never been interested in it as a franchise, and I'm still not.
oooh free tank
yo wrek, gibe them a shove or something
that's y they put half life on sale yesterday i think
Armoured division.
anytime now....
Debacle Order?
AUTOBOTS ROLL OUT
or hey, lead them to battle
yay it worked
so, one dozen tnaks on a joy ride
And then they're all torn apart by a tankbuster squad.
this'll be fun
Meanwhile: whos gonna survive
Engagement Nightclub?
enemies
the recooil brakes of this turret seem buggy
holy crap i want this game
explosion
wow
yeah there goes the tank division
or not
aaaand he got owned
this is a very pretty looking game at night
wow
its like VEGUSH
Dark_Horst: its a very pretty looking game.... AT NIGHT
Wrek, how long are the day/night cycles?
Look at me, I'm sniping some enemies............AT NIGHT.
division*
neato
I'm cappin the point. At night.
just recently i stayed up all night WILLINGLY for the first time
Ow! I got hit by a grenade...........AT NIGHT.
i totally tea-bagged that red dude.... AT NGHT
AUTOBOTS ROLL OUT
:(
SOON.
jpg
that didn't work
blastoff?
well that worked lol
TO INFINITY AND BEYOND
For Mother russia!
corki is fun to play
No retreats comrades
see that`? that'S how huge the map is
BUCK YEAH 'QUESTRIA
Purple's really losing ground.
we're talking dayz-map dimensions here
only less boring
I hate Corki.
wow purple is defeated by one tank division
That machine gun thing is a right jerk.
i love that little gun
lots of lead there
so much damage
...
Must......not.......sleep.....must stay......awake arg
sup everypony, whats on stream?
Hi Dovah
planetside 2
so what are you supposed to do in this game
red actually seems to have lost quite some ground as well
Dovah: wrek got into planetside 2 beta
hi
I don't know what the map symbols mean but if it's points of conflict then purple seems to be trying to hold it's territory near the centre. Probably as a result of Red and Blue pincer effect.
hi Applejack2012
I want this game
how are things Dovah
i wont lie, i envy him right now. a lot
exclamatio marks meean theres a battle there
Please don't tell me it'll be Pay to Win though
exclamation*
Divide and Conquer
good as they can be with school alexxm
SafariMonkey: it'S a buy it game, likeever other
*like every other
Dark_Horst: Yay
(when it comes to horror) "divide and conquer"......F*CK DAT
right now it'S at 35 bucks preorder, i think
there goes the purple
Given that Red's now cut through Purple and is assimilating the southern portion without much resistance, I'd say it's only a matter of time before purple only exists near the centre.
well, there goes that dde. whoeer he was
these battles must last hours
oh hey its morning
Tell me about it ¬¬
Dark_Horst: that's what ruined Tribes:Ascend for me (could have been much more fun)
welll thats a perfect last stand
and they lose a tank
At least Twisted has lunatic range.
Wrek: oh yeah, another important question: are the battles finite or some kind of nonstop around the clock fun?
FALL BACK
SafariMonkey: know what you mean
eternal war is best afterlife
hi folks
oh, that'll be fucking fun
Hey AtalontheDeer
hi safai
safari
AtalontheDeer: Hi! :)
just log in and boom-time
hi AJI
from Eurofurence
...
there goes that tank division
AtalontheDeer: that is...actually kinda uncanny valley
and that
this looks like halo and mass effect
AtalontheDeer: you know if you press tab it auto-completes the nick you're typing
hi
and ther eis the day again. you lied about a few hours
...
Purple took their space back en masse.
Meaning there's likely to be severe incoming on that last bit.
Brb.
escaoe the battle field
robotdragon9: not even close
/me old feela
owned
/me kidnaps thelonepony
uses old IRC
/me trips alexxm
Back. Auto tab and emotes weren't loading.
Ponies
damn it why me
Dark_Horst: i know im just comparing the style of the technology and stuff
it reminded me of those games
purple is penetrating red and blue
AJIsAwesome: I get that sometimes
...
actually the tech reminds me more of ground control
gunships
and some unreal
Someone needs to do something about those.
AtalontheDeer: OK cool, just trying to be helpful. :)
get a rocket launcher
ded by tank
tank
..
i hope that copy of the original crash bandicoot game before someone buys it....
* i hope i can get the copy
RoboGerbil: First one?
i try
Tab faill
robotdragon9: First one?
...
needs more zoom
g2g evrypony
bai
AJIsAwesome yeah first one...i want it
name: Bye! :)
bai name
i wonder. can the weapons be modified? like in BF3?
bye name
robotdragon9: The only one I have is Warped.
I rented the first one. I loved it.
Really hope Crash comes back, but modeled off the old games. The moden Crash was a terrible Crash.
bye!
hmm? why am i getting pinged?
*modern*
Anyone know what game this is?
here have a nice animation http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OWmBj9Fw3Qo
YouTube: Mob Saloon! (Re-uploaded) - Minecraft Animation By: SlamacowCreations Views: 1327062 Likes: 20617 Dislikes: 97 - https://youtu.be/OWmBj9Fw3Qo
AJIsAwesome lol i have warped, wrath of cortex(my first game ever), nitro cart, and twinsanity
Unnr: planetside 2
Planetside 2.
beta
Dark_Horst: Ooooh
That explains the sense of deja vu
Duuuuude! No non image links during a stream!
robotdragon9: I have Racing, Warped, and the Party one.
okay, that is an ugly graphics glith
they have to fix that one fast
AJIsAwesome and yeah i agree i want a modern old style gameplay crash someday
uhmm then my stream is laggin cause it's black
Wrek's playing Planetside 2.
crash introduced me to gaming...
brb guys
i got introduced to gaming by the first CnC
good ol pixels. loved them#
SMB introduced me to gaming.
reminds me of tribes
It was Pokemon R&B that got me hooked on gaming.
There've been a lot of comparisons.
i still remmeber when i laid eyes on red alert 2 it looked fucking awesome back then
Never played the original Tribes though.
i was seven years old.....its been more than half of my friggin life
I'm guessing you have unlimited sprint in this game?
Looks like it, can't see anything that would imply a sprint gauge.
makes ense, seeing how huge this map is
sprint gauge would probably get annoying very fast
all ur base are belong to us
what is this?
Slidey guy
Dusty: planetside 2 beta
ah
The only game I dind't mind a sprint gauge in was Skyward Sword.
^
ive NEVER FOUND a game without limited sprint 0_0 its beautiful...
robotdragon9: you obviously missed BF3
yeah
Ded
Hey everpony :)
I have a favour to ask
Sonny: Hi! :)
hi Sonny
Ohai Sonny
Hi Sonny.
if you happen to know it
:p
xD
hi everone :)
EY
So yeah here's the thing, I'm drawing a picture of twilight leaning over a balcony and staring at the sundown but I need to know what her balcony look like :p (already did the base) but I mean like the tree thigny
oh, BF3... you give me so much pain. loving the game, would love to get the armored kill addon... but that would mean giving EA money
and that feels just plain wrong
where she lives in etc :p
meaning, more money then i already gave them, which is more than they deserve already
this here might me a real alternative for big scale multiplayer battles.... especially sicne those maps seem 20 tiems the size of BF3 maps. maybe even more
i have some EA games but theyre used games so take that EA
the weapon physics might require some getting sued to though
nevermind everypony I have one
:)
always light battlefield for the weapon physics
*liked
Sonny: Okay.
Sonny: I was going to send you this. http://images2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120216125540/mlp/images/thumb/d/d7/2x3_CelestiaBalcony.png/640px-2x3_CelestiaBalcony.png
AJIsAwesome: that one is even better
O_O
thanks
well im gonna leave now see u guys later
AJIsAwesome: which episode was that again?
Lesson Zero i think
Have to go guys
Dark_Horst: Yeah, Lesson Zero.
Sonny: Bye! :)
bye Sonny
cya Sonny
I'll be going to work tomorrow as well
ooooh, that one
bye
thanks AJIsAwesome :)
and byez
so has wrek only been fighting the purple guys?
Yes, Barnies must die/
oh hey, a blue one
Smerfs can die too.
Wrek: how does the unlock system work? it's not usin any actual currency, is it?
You get cert points or soemthing along those lines for doing stuff
And you spend it on certifications.
good to know
they definately got the anti grav lifts and catapults from unreal. and tribes maybe
oy Wrek what server and faction you playing on?
well, he's a red dude
Did he just get killed by Celestia01? XD
He is Terran. Not sure what server
O-o
Is that a cycler?
Oh. Rawket lawnchair too
Dumb fire. Must have a cert for the locking mechanisim.
ooh, what game is this?
those are tiny rockets
/me noms on Dark_Horst
SirGanjalf: planetside 2 beta
Barbetos|AtWork: Metal Slug? :D
thanks Dark92Enigma
*thanks Dark_Horst
SuperBrony64: OI! dontn make me get the hose
hai superbrony64
It's OK, i get it everytime
What about Metal Slug?
11,02Dark_Horst: ;~;
11,02Hai derp_derp :D
oh, THERE is your color
/me glomps SuperBrony64
ohai SuperBrony64 :P
superbrony64: \:3/
Barbetos|AtWork: that game had a terrible way to say "rocket launcher" :D
Dark92Enigma: Hi dark,
And hi SuperBrony64!
Hey! My chat works again!
Oh lol Yeah I suppose it did.
Hello state of bronys!
SuperBrony64: hope you nrought some popcorn, this is quality entertainment
HoodyNinja: Hi!
HoodyNinja: You've had problems with it too?
hi HoodyNinja
:)
:D ADS DURING THE RESPAWNING
/me glomps AJIsAwesome
SirGanjalf: Couldnt get on last night :/
/me is glomped
Wrek apparently the other classes have a huge target painted on them. You did not get his much attention as a cloaker. XD
how are things HoodyNinja
alexxm: They are well
Enjoying it a lot actually.
/me hugs AJIsAwesome and thelonepony
hello everypony
It's amazing. Loving it.
/me hugs Bronysith back :3
11,02Dark_Horst: i liek popcorn :D
xMLPxREACTORx: Hi! :)
11,02derp_derp: \:3/
/me hugs superbrony64
/me throws popcorn at SuperBrony64
I wub <3 hugs!
/me hugs derp_derp back :D
/me hugs thelonepony :3
what game is this that Wrek is playing?
:3
11,02Barbetos|AtWork: Oww ;^;
is that a machinegun or an assault rifle?
You are supposed to catch it in your mouth silly filly. Not your eye.
either way, it behaves weird?
Dam site wont let me tho,:[
<_<
>_>
DoctoDoctorWho: what did you write?
Who be streaming?
wrek be streaming
Sweet
I'm back for now, but I'm not allowed on the computer
dunno why, has 1000 words, btw Dark_Horst Blueblood sympathy fic
Team killer!
DoctoDoctorWho: GIVE IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!! :[
HoodyNinja: I sent you a friend request on xbox by the way. :P
ew. go way!
Anyway, who's waiting for Black Mesa Source?
me. kinda
I guess I scared away SuperBrony64 =\
Klumzeedragon: Sorry i havent been on since i got this new-fangled satelite tv shit
SirGanjalf: will it be free?
Only 2+ days left
what game is this?
Dark_Horst: Of course, it's a mod
SirGanjalf: Evryone in the history of ever?
Spectrum_Rush: planetside 2
Dovah: Hast thou been listening to my past words? site wont let me.
danke
SirGanjalf: then color me waiting
Bronysith: Lol wut?
Spectrum_Rush: btw, this is the beta. we're getting exclusive stuff here
Dark_Horst: But you got to have a Source Engine game(like Half-Life or TF2)
DoctoDoctorWho: why!!
ooh neat
/me colors Dark_Horst blue
*Half-Life 2
HoodyNinja: It's coo. :D Just letting you know, so we can team up in 6 days for some Borderlands 2.
SirGanjalf: i do
Dovah: brb
dad
Klumzeedragon: I might be having a friend on split-screen
DUDES http://i12.photobucket.com/albums/a246/doomboy536/Ponies%20FTW/mane6isofficial.png :$
hover tanks. sweet
132 days, 16 hours
MadSurge: When and where will the comics be availabl?
MadSurge: :o
Shizuka: i'm guessing you're anticipating it?^^
*available*
13maybe
Shizuka is the new Tom
i like toast
AJIsAwesome: you can already preorder them, but they will be available in November I think
Man my Paladin's mana regen is shit now...
me to
2 days 16 hours till what?
MadSurge: Do you know whee they will be available?
*where*
Dovah: black mesa source
is this crysis 2 multiplayer?
ah
AJIsAwesome: uuuh, comic book stores?
I used to be able to use the Seal of insights melee hit regen and the judgement regen... they took away the jugement regen...
Dovah: looky here http://www.blackmesasource.com/
angle!
MadSurge: Oh okay. :$
DIE, VTOL!
and ded
It's just an Upgraded Half Life 1 right?
Klumzeedragon: noooo
yep, half life 1 remade with source engine
Wrek be wrekin shit up
Oh ehy Klumzeedragon
...well, less of an upgrade, more of a remake
Dark_Horst that is not entirely correct either.
it's not?
then what is it?
Half life 1 source was half life one remade with source engine
Bronysith: So, do you like Pheonix Wright?
Black Mesa is a reimaging really.
and what does that male black mesa?
*make
AJIsAwesome: http://www.tfaw.com/Comics/Profile/My-Little-Pony-Friendship-Is-Magic-1___412880 here's a profile for the comic
oh well, we'll see in 2 day, 16 hours and 50 minutes
Cuase its more than just a port to a new engine. They have pretty much redone all the levels.
!!
Really? I have been waiting forever.
MadSurge: Thanks.
Its like a reimaging, not a reimagining itself. They left a lot of elements intact from the original game, yes, but they changed a lot too.
Barbetos|AtWork: Or is going to be like... Halo Anniversarry? :P
Thats probably more accurate although I did not play that halo
ugh... halo...
I know.
It will be okay.
/me pets HoodyNinja
It will be over soon.
/me purrs
/me like a bear
Seems legit.
This looks good(graphics wise), what game is it
Barbetos|AtWork: Ah. It was pretty much a slap of new paint and textures and yadda yadda. :D It was okay. Didnt give it a performance boost or anything though.
Bears purr
Yes, but humans do not purr like bears.
Hi Everypony :)
purr
Bears purr?
So what's being streamed right now?
Hiya cachi01|phone
hi cachi01|phone
cachi01|phone: Hi. :)
planetside 2
So, Wrek is the heavy/soldier, and hes camping near the dispenser?
cachi01|phone: Hey there. :)
Guess who has a ferrari?
hola cachi01|phone
Not me
Is this game any good?
Hi all.
Hey... your not a phone!
Nittany_Discord: Hey there. :)
ello Nittany_Discord
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Music Remix: Hush Now, Glitch Now / BBBFF / Idemand Version / Reach For the Elements of Harmony
HoodyNinja heck yeah i am!
And explosion just happened in game. If you check the wreckage I bet you will find a sign that says "Michael Bays was here"
Hi nittany!
heya Nittany_Discord
Hello Nittany_Discord! :) How are you?
Dat Nittany_Discord I have to admit I was worried. You disapeared on us. D+
Barbetos|AtWork: Shhhh! They're on to you!
getting ping by berry punch and dari at the same time
Hi, Nittany_Discord. :)
First time I have seen the movies this week, Day After Tomorrow as B? I guess...
yes
hi
Wrek is tuna
How is the Day After Tomorow? Is it good?
Hi Applejack2012
AjIsAwesome meh
*Tommorow*
AJIsAwesome: I heard it is okay
And brawling establishment as A movie, quite exciting!
AJIsAwesome: thursday? how should we know
how are you Nittany_Discord
Oh and hey Moopy. :)
twilight_sprinkle: Oh, you. :P
Doing OK MadSurge and alexxm.
sup dude
hai Nittany_Discord
so what is this game about
mitamaking: I won first pony episode, so the lottery is not hax :$
Hax
I call hax
MadSurge: Or is it o_o
it's an mmofps
Didn't Dragonshy air just a couple of weeks ago too?
ive never won a single time. definitely hax >:I
HoodyNinja: might be, but I won something :)
Moopy: Not much. Downloading Armored Kill. :D
I dont even get the letter anymore! Total hax!
an mmofps? They exist?
>Applbuck Session
heh lol wow
Apparantly so
CrimsonPhoenix: I like AJ, do you?
Klumzeedragon thx.for reminding.me
BRB downloading.armored kill
MadSurge, I don't hate her, though she has been pretty boring lately
I love Applebuck Season
cachi01|phone: Welcome. :D Xbox is having problems though, so be patient.
Applejack2012: Same here.
goddamit microsoft
ded
AJ would be less boring if she got an episode about her
wow red is screwd
CrimsonPhoenix: I hope she gets more prominent episodes soon :) but I still like her
mitamaking: Hope season 3 does that.
Thats not good enough!
/me throws an axe on a table
Klumzeedragon anyway. I am Premium soo i think i wont have problems. More you pay, less problems u have >_>
I think season 3 may be one long story
/me steals axe
Though I would love a duet of her with applebloom
fluttershy needs to have less episodes and Rarity should have more. also a bit more AJ eps
of her and applebloom**
It is still not good enough!
twilight_sprinkle: MORE FLUTTERSHY!
CrimsonPhoenix: Hm, that seems like a good idea.
NO >:I
http://i47.tinypic.com/35031w6.jpg BOOM
Less CMC, more AJ and Rarity
And we have a psychotic ninja running around with a throwing axe. Its not my fault if any of you get hurt.
now that's what I'm talking about
AJ sort-of got an episode in S2. It's just that Derpy stole it.
More Rarity
Whatever the case may be, we all need a Scootaloo episode
Nife dat applebloom
So what's this game called?
Or, if we get a CMC episode, make it about Scootaloo
cachi01|phone: You're doing it wrong.
twilight_sprinkle: No offense, but doesn't Rarity already have enough?
Yay for more Rarity
mitamaking, yes
so much
mitamaking: Hey, i just said that
AJ is the most developed background pony of the show.
AJIsAwesome: she doesnt have nearly enough
She is amazing.
and HoodyNinja
yes so much
Nife oh yeah i forgot thats sweetie bell...... Right?
Barbetos|AtWork: Oh, you. :P
lol Barbetos|AtWork
Barbetos|AtWork: oh you
cachi01|phone: I'm premuim too. But Battlefield is just being dumb. I was stuck at the loading screen for like 5 minutes before it decided to load. :D
CrimsonPhoenix: :)
AJIsAwesome: Stop copying me in advance
AJIsAwesome: did you hear that at BFF too? XD
Barbetos|AtWork: Yeah. :D
cachi01|phone: Respect; lost forever.
Klumzeedragon lol i will go and check right now :)
Oh yeah
Nife Oh yeah...... A chicken right?
twilight_sprinkle: I'm probably thinking season 2 wise. Nevermind. :$
I forgot about the BF3 thing
cachi01|phone: Good luck. :P
fluttershy should be replaced with derpy in the mane 6
Now i wish I didn't waste my money on premium
/me stopped playing bf3
AJIsAwesome: What's this game called?
Gah.
Oh well.
SafariMonkey: On stream?
I don't hate Fluttershy, but is she number 2 in episodes to Twillight?
HoodyNinja: Probably for the best. :D
Why DO you hate Fluttershy so much?
Ouch!
Terran is getting thier ass BEAT
Nife: You're KnifeH?
"i dont hate her, i just really really really dislike her"
AJIsAwesome: Yeah
SafariMonkey: Yes
i hope someone notices my use of irony :S
twilight_sprinkle: She will give you the stare
HoodyNinja: I'm only going to play it until Boderlands comes out and play the hell out of that until Halo 4.
You dont like her because shes so nice?
SafariMonkey: I don't know. :$
Nife: Didn't realise until pic
twilight_sprinkle: Oh you. :D
twilight_sprinkle: oh you
HoodyNinja: i dont like here because shes overrated and shes not very nice at all. she had the biggest mean streaks of all ponies
Dang it!!!!
Does anyone know what it's called>?
it's planetside 2
Flip a table!
twilight_sprinkle: besides Rarity you mean
/me teaches twilight_sprinkle how to make molotov cocktails
FLIP ALL THE TABLES!
twilight_sprinkle: I still think you're kinda misinformed here :/
mitamaking: discord ep doesnt count
Wrek: Awesome driving! :P
He was making a tent.
I was thinking how she always blows them off for work
alexxm: thank you! now ill be a terrorist, yay! cutie mark terrosts, go!
HoodyNinja: how
http://cdn4.staztic.com/cdn/screenshot/flip-them-tables-100-2.jpg
Actually Fluttershy was the worst in Discord
twilight_sprinkle: If you need me to tell you how, you can't understand anyway
Dead?
Evening.
HoodyNinja: oh well if you say so yup must be right
Ello Reikim
Evening
hello
how are things Reikim
Reikim: Hi! :)
>element of kindness and animal keeper
of the stare that is
yep
twilight_sprinkle: Um. No she doesn't. She doesn't like using the stare at all, and avoids doing so whenever possible.
Only in severe cases
Also: enter chat, begin argument with TS.
You shouldn't not like any of any ponies. Not even Blueblood
Reikim: She can't even control when it happens. :)
That's fanon.
she did nin the ep when she was trying to get the hens into the henhouse. wouldnt call that an extremem situation
*in
and she learned to control it in the end of the ep
It was late she was tired and iirc she had the Crusaders around.
a lawyer is someone who keeps on smiling, no matter how bad it gets
Is that the only time she has used the stare?
twilight_sprinkle: Chickens must be put in their place! DO you know what happened last time!
The Crusaders are a walking extreme situation.
^
i was referring to the Otehre chicken :P
*chickens
I mean it would have helped against the dragon
What other chicken?
Shhhhhh...
05love this song
Hush Wrek
We're sleeping.
You know, Swedish
Hush now quiet now
AJIsAwesome: I found it (I think): Planetside 2
Imagine if Flutterbi*** used the stare on the mane 6, that would be amazing
Wrek: Sorry. Listening to Caravan Palace. :P
night guys
i dont hate luttershy. i just think shes extremely overrated and she has been the meanest one so far. also im tired of her episodes where its mostly about her just being shy
night alexxm
night
good night alexxm
bye alexxm
twilight_sprinkle: Well there is..... dang
I guess the Stare
the stare ep is identical to dragonshy
absolutely identical
shes shy, then comes through to protect her friends
I can see that
twilight_sprinkle: You should be tired of Twilight eps and her being overly anal about everything
Hush
Now now, chatters.
HoodyNinja: overly anal? what does that even mean
Wrek: I made twi without the book, wanna see?
HoodyNinja: Lesson Zero and About Time are not all her episodes
^
mitamaking: Its not just those two
Look, I've got a room going where you can take this.
Maybe Royal Wedding part 1
ti had a lot more variety in her eps
*twi
and the ticket ep
Heya guys, what are we watching?
She was not anal in the ticket episode
hi MLP_Brovakiin
MLP_Brovakiin: Hi! :) Wrek playing some games.
I PM the link to all of you and it will move there and we will have intelligent discourse.
mitamaking: yeah thats what i mean
MLP_Brovakiin... I finished it >.>
Thanks AJIsAwesome
oh
and she wasnt that nuts in the time travel ep either
twilight_sprinkle overly analitycal i think
twilight_sprinkle: iirc, Dragonshy is about Fluttershy fighting a dragon. Fluttershy didn't expect a cockatrice, so her delima wasn't facing any fears, it was biting off more than you can chew
twilight_sprinkle: I disagree there
AJIsAwesome: Look right?
Aaaaand leaving manechat.
I do NOT like listening to TS.
The whole point of the time episode was she was anal about what caused her problem
SafariMonkey: Why should I look right?
Klumzeedragon ok the same problem happened to me lol
then y start arguing with him/her the second you step on chat ?
HoodyNinja: but she dealt with cmc fine,(by using fear and intimdation fo the stare, which isnt the way to do it)
I was thinking more, the 3 two parters(minus Royal Wedding part 1) she is not anal
twilight_sprinkle: They respected her, not fear...
AJIsAwesome: You must have missed my message. I think it's Planetside 2
Flutterchu got banned?
Klumzeedragon: wow lol
Why?
HoodyNinja: out of fear, after they learned about the stare
Kneejerk reaction.
SafariMonkey: Oh yeah. I think it is.
SafariMonkey: Sorry. :$
HoodyNinja: the stare changed everything
using mirc or embed chat ?
Besides, at that point he hadn't turned it into "I don't like Fluttershy because she's boring and mean".
twilight_sprinkle: out of respect, because she stared down a creature that can kill you by looking at it
AJIsAwesome: It definitely is, I can see for sure
Character bashing I just can't stand.
cachi01|phone: Told ya. :P And I was almost done downloading Armored Kill when i accidently oppened a notice and my xbox froze,
Lol
Plus there's the way he goes about it.
It's self-righteous and arrogant.
hehehe, love the 4th wall breaker that is deadpool
Klumzeedragon BF3 is still loading for me xd
"I don't hate FLuttershy, I just think she's the worst and the meanest one to date."
HoodyNinja: all of the mane 6 stood up to evil, cmc already knows they can do it
Yes thank you TS, you are completely unbiased here.
Fight.club
you do realize you are still talking about him even when you are tired of it ?
Yessss
Fight club
JRPhone: Eureka!!
Ranting makes me feel better.
twilight_sprinkle: That is the worst argument you can have
yo do know there is a ignore command right ?
*I not we
HoodyNinja: thank you. anything else?
o/
I've said it like 20 times
JRP you are truly a genious
Hi everyone!
Fak
Yeah, it's called "leave manechat"
Joy: Hi! :)
hi Joy
hi Joy!
Fight-club
what are we watching?
nope it's called ignore actually
hello Joy!
cachi01|phone: lol, dat kick :P
Does Flutter even do dual episodes?
I don't like using the ignore command.
Klumzeedragon oh yeah i remember
:)
twilight_sprinkle: No, i'm done debating. Thank you for the stimulating conversation.
Having an entire section of a convo cut out really isn't productive.
Panda|Drawing: I challenge ye!
It's better to know he's there, even if it annoys me.
d+
twilight_sprinkle freaking fight club
HoodyNinja: lol, ending on saying "youre opinion is horrible" mkay, nice job there
Nife... to.... what? exactly.
FUCK
lol cachi01|phone :D
Panda|Drawing: Drawing competition >: O
cachi01|phone: Don't worry.
cachi01|phone rule 1 of fight club... THERE IS NO FIGHT CLUB!!!!!!
cachi01|phone: Try this.
i don't understand your logic behind that but ok
twilight_sprinkle: Your argument for your opinion is horrible, not your opinion
cachi01|phone: fighт club
cachi01|phone: Fight.
cachi01|phone: Club.
fighţ club
...
Friendship and Tolerance guys
See? There you g. :P
HoodyNinja: same thing. its meaningless if you just say so.
Fite Club
Panda lol
It's not logic, it's insanity. A personal neurosis.
what the hell?
*go*
Sumica, does it kick when i say fight club?
Now can somepony well me if I forgot a Fluttershy episode
aaaand BF is still loading
quןɔ ʇɥƃıɟ
Dafuq
...
*tell
Panda LOL
what the hell...
Panda|Drawing: Kick bot.
:D
twilight_sprinkle: I just can't figure out why you don't like Fluttershy, and you haven't justified yourself yet. It's your opinion, and your entitled to it. I'm sorry for bothering you.
ok who programed the kickbot to kick when people say fought club
yay bf finally loaded
Panda|Drawing It's only a small script for BMN, as a joke.
mitamaking: the photo finish episode?
Panda|Drawing: Sumica
HoodyNinja: i thought i explained why?..
i see kick bot have a new command
DashWithRainbows i know XD
So just refrain from saying Fight club.
What is it?
nerf_soldier: There you go, that is a dual episode too
HoodyNinja O_o Sumica knows how to code?
fight club
Nife, what competition?
Panda|Drawing: He was talking about it... not really sure
:fight club
Was that one about Flutter overcoming shyness
Nothing.
HoodyNinja... he better not have been holding out on me -___-
Panda|Drawing: I told you.
s rthat plantside
Nife no you didnt.
in mane chat no ":"
Twillight was a bit anal in that one too
twilight_sprinkle: You didn't justify yourself
twilight_sprinkle SPIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINKLE
Panda|Drawing: I did; a drawing compeititon.
So the kick bot is running on the FC word?
HoodyNinja: i did. she has too many eps that are too similar, and shes very overrated and the meanest one in mane 6
Nife uh... ok? ^^ I'd rather do an art trade if interested :3
/me jumps at Panda|Drawing and begins to NOMZ
^^
wait
/me is nommed on
Panda|Drawing: No man, it's a competition.
twilight_sprinkle: You wanna talk about overrated ponies, talk about Twilight
twilight_sprinkle how are you hun?
Hi everypony, i'm back from school :3
you get kick for saying it lol
till then, i suggest you drop it
twilight_sprinkle: I am up to 4 and a half epsidoes, not too much, simular, yeah..., but so are Applerjack's 1 episdoe
Hi SpeedyBolt :)
SpeedyBolt: Hi. :)
Heya SpeedyBolt
Nife well... Im not very competative... what do you have in mind?
:p
HoodyNinja: why does every fluttershy fan always have to turn it into a twilight conversation
Panda|Drawing: Cutest scootaloo ever.
Oight SpeedyBolt
fight club
*episode
in mane chat
Nife xD time limit?
is this the beta>
>
?
twilight_sprinkle: It's your name
twilight_sprinkle: Pinkie Pie*
Panda|Drawing: 2 days
What is he playing?
mitamaking: why cant the conversation be about sprinkels then :<
Nife are you... serious about this? ive never been chalenged before :s
I see BP got a command that'll let me leave this room in style from now on.
twilight_sprinkle Why does every Fluttershy fan freak the hell out when you say you /really/ hate her?
Joy: Planetside 2
Equestrian Shooter 3
Planetside 2
Panda|Drawing: Show me your art.
After all, as everyone knows, you don't talk about fight club.
wait wait wait DashWithRainbows... who are you? O_o
twilight_sprinkle: because then somepony might get hungry and try to eat you?
twilight_sprinkle: Attack someone's favorite pony and expect a debate
but is it the beta right?
DashWithRainbows: aha, ive never said that.
Nobody should hate Fluttershy.
about the*
^
Snowflake: yh
Panda do Some you know..... R 33 + 1
ok thank you
Too bad SpeedyBolt, I do.
i said a billion times i dont hate her, just think shes overrated
and you dont HATE her.
You just really dislike her.
very nice looking
The problem isn't that Flutter has too many episodes, it's that it seems the lottery picks 2-3 a month
Panda|Drawing: Advertising?
You act like you hate her
Excuse me but are you trying to tell ME what I hate?
what is this game?
mitamaking: why cant people be objective...
Panda|Drawing: Search on "KnifeH" on DA for me.
i wonder if my computer couyld run if my computer runs bf3 on low
:P
\
Besides, everypony you hate at first, you'll learn to love
Dammit! Twitchy fingers.
Panda|Drawing I'm just your average slice of talking toast.
I used to hate Rarity, now I love her.
sooo what is arguments about ?
SpeedyBolt Wrong.
Nife wait... U DRAW DAT SCOOTALOO?
Look I hate :D a lot, but people like her, I get it
Absolutly wrong.
cachi01|phone been there, done that.
Well I tried.
So give me effort for that.
cachi01|phone: Which one of them?
I do congratulate you for the effort.
DashWithRainbows can... I hug you? and when did you get voiced?
So, well done for trying.
About trying to get the butthurt out of mane.
Thank you, Good Sir/Madam
In retrospect, pointless.
Nife the one u Linked and i said it was applebloom lulz
I love everypony. Except Chrysalis
cachi01|phone: Yes, durh
I'm male, and you're very welcome. I'll admit, you're not that bad of a person SpeedyBolt.
HoodyNinja: Do you like her minions?
mitamaking: Their alright
Nife fucking awesome
You're not bad yourself, DashWithRainbows.
twilight_sprinkle: You are asking a group of fans to be rational and objective over the source of their fandom...
You should see me when it's summer.
get in some vecs!!! man
Nife :/ you are so much better than me :s
Manechat's going to be butthurt as long as there are people on it to be butthurt.
Guys
Panda|Drawing: So challenge accepted?
I'm a douche during that time.
Now you want to talk overrated, let us speak of a certain background pony that is considered great and powerful
Unnr: For a certain value of rational and objective.
Unnr: oh life, y u suck so much :<
mitamaking colgate?
cachi01|phone: close
/me makes siren noise
Panda|Drawing: I don't like the content so much, but he style's nice
derpy?
Jelly pony?
point is, rarity needs more episodes!
Is Colgate a canon name?
As long as there is people on it.
mitamaking: Cheerilee?
They're about to start up the Trixie butthurt.
Reikim: First rule of fandom, objective behavior has no place within the bounds of the community. Attempts to prove otherwise will result in the wrath of angry fen.
Panda|Drawing Hugs? Not a huge fan of them, unless you are next to me in person then sure. As for being voiced, I've been like this for a couple weeks now.
I'm stuck between revulsion and a strange kind of frustrated amusement.
mitamaking nope or else they get sued the shit out of them
He's taking lessons from Caramel
I like Cheerilee, I want an episode with her in the past with the hairdo and some of the parents
he he i laugh every time the chat starts talking about Trixie
DashWithRainbows for give me... I dont frequent bstate much anymore :s
mitamaking: but trixie is a antagonist, not a background pony.
was i the only one to catch the jelly pony as a troll?
Barbetos|AtWork: For now.....
i dont like the hands waving all around
Honestly, the split over Trixie is worse than the many fractured divides in the Final Fantasy fandom.
Herostar as a troll?
mostly because almost everyone there love Fannon Trixie
OK I gotta go bed. Night guys
DoctoDoctorWho: you der?
Speaking of unliked ponies, does any one not like Pinkie?
Night safari :)
Goodnight SafariMonkey
night SafariMonkey
Nife... I.... am honored.... truly.... ive never been chalenged, let alone by a really good artist such as yourself... I... might need more time than 2 days, considering you have a tablet and I have a mouse >.>
Actually, correction.
I have never met one soul
SafariMonkey: Night! :)
cachi01|phone yes, as in a troll referance, more commonly "U JELLY
mitamaking but....pinkie is best pony
mitamaking: I don't particularly care for pinkie
The split over Fanon!Trixie has the fans in knots.
Panda|Drawing Your actions do not require for me to forgive you, seeing that you have done nothing wrong. During the summer, I barely talked on BState since I knew I would snap at people, amongst other things.
Herostar ooh lol
Dovah: for now
get a vec!
There's the problem there. The fanon.
She reminds me far too much of an old flatmate
mitamaking: She can be particularyly annoying sometimes, but I don't mind.
TACO GREASE!!!:[
Panda|Drawing: It's for fun :p
But then, that's the universal problem.
cachi01|phone: Ah ha! I got it downloaded and everything. :P Time to play some new maps.
AJIsAwesome: The donkey episode?
'troll pony IS cannon, and that was him, and i was the only one to catch it v_v
The whole "my fanon is correct and any other is wrong" thing.
ello everypony :)
g'night MLP_Brovakiin cachi01|phone Dovah AJIsAwesome
DashWithRainbows well.. I would never make you snap at me ^^, I hope... I mean... I try to be a good pony.
mitamaking: Yeah. Especially that one. :D
What's with this C&C or RA music.
It makes me pumped
Klumzeedragob mine is downloading right now :) damn 1.56 GB
Nife okies ^^ but who would be the judge?
omfg big map
AJIsAwesome: But it had Smile Smile Smile :P
so much blue
Panda|Drawing: Ze community
planet side 2
what game is dis?
Thats not a map. Its a projection of a political campaign.
mitamaking: I like the song, but it's a little overrated.
Nife bstate?
what game is this? it reminds me so much of Battlefield 3
Herostar: Tetris
red sucks
sum that up in one line: "Stop liking things i don't like*
lol
Nife :|
Panda|Drawing: bstate?
Snowflake: Red is best color
Well, my friend just called me, i gtg. Laters
HoodyNinja: Bye. :)
Herostar: Halo, of course.
Nife tetris in the year 492702929
mitamaking no lolz thats him
cachi01|phone: :D
Night people, see you tomorrow!
tnx
More or less.
DoctoDoctorWho: then do that?
wait, I think I see the problem
jk
Nife :S
MadSurge: Night! :)
Goodnight MadSurge
Nife considering you have near 200k page views and I barely met 2k views... I think you'd win by default on Bstate.
brb
omg so big
Yes I know I can be hypocritical about that sometimes, but I try to avoid it.
AJIsAwesome: So I guess for you and everypony, Best song(in befor This Day Aria flood)
Tis a tragedy of fandom~
get a vec
Nife I mean, on DA
/me plays a sad song on violin
Thats what she sa! *shot*
Panda|Drawing: Bstate is filled with beef.
I like it.
Which is why I wanna apply for streaming (drawing) :D
Panda|Drawing It wouldn't be your fault, it would be mine. Summer time for me is when you do not want to talk to me without a honest opinion, no matter how harsh it may be. I'd also swear a lot and be a douche to everyone. Talking to me in Spring is similar, but is very mild compared to it. Talking to me during Fall and Winter is when I'm relaxed and will be less likely to jump down your
throat when talking.
Nah Nife that is BEEFState.
mitamaking: I like the song by itself, I don't like the excessive remixes of it.
yus, this day aria is best song :3
Art of the Dress 4EVER
How is everypony?
Joy: Hi! :)
art of the dress was nice too
/me doesn't have a favorite song.
its...nice
Joy: Enjoying no school
Good thanks Joy, how are you?
/me is the best
i'm bored
BBBFF <3
'gratz. I am too.
^
BBBFF?
Nife... you would be a better candidate than me....
/me AJIsAwesome doesnt, but DoctoDoctorWho does
:)
tank'
Panda|Drawing: Cause I'm a mad person.
POP A CAP IN THEIR ASS STREAMER :[ sorry i get that army sense for these games...
Suddenly magrider
you seem a bit upset
I've solved it semi-temporarily by whining into chat while simultaneously trying to wade through some betareading.
look at you map for them wwhen they shoot
who is streaming anyways?
DashWithRainbows ok ^^ I... I'll keep the pings to a minimum.
Nife though I'm curious... noone here has talked to you abut your work? O_o
I have
Dovah: I fixed it, now me just wait for approval by the site(trololololol:D)
Panda|Drawing: Which work?
And its fucking awesome
Panda|Drawing: I got 31k on a speedpaint on youtube
:)
/me insinuating famousness
AAA YEAH!
shooter don't care wrek, everyone goes to honeybadgermode in game :P
Wrek still streaming?
so imagine that at some foresaken hour in the morning, completely out of the blue.
LadyCanary: Yep.
LadyCanary: Wrek never streams, he sleeps and he glues the tablet pen to his forehead.
Nife... you... kinda make me feel... bad :/
XD Ha.
Nife: :D
Panda|Drawing: Wat
I see he is enjoying himself, dat Wrek ^_^
Oi, there's a canary in chat.
ya tank!
I don't know who is streaming honestly, I thought I read earlier it was Wrek
Tweet tweet! :3
I best be off now, I have been falling asleep in class again :P Goodnight everyone :)
/me waves his arms frantically to ward it off
D;
C.
night MLP_Brovakiin
MLP_Brovakiin: Night! :)
Wahhh.
mitamaking: Well, it most likely is, cause he's been ignoring my 250= messages
on top
+
night MLP_Brovakiin
nife and Panda|Drawing, if you want to do a challenge and want votes as opposed to a selected panel of judges, draw images and then make a surveymonkey survey, the basic (ie. free) account should be able to do a simple, Which is Better, A or B type question.
/me catches the canary in a net and puts it carefully back in its snuggly cage
There. Phew.
Wah! Get me outa the cage!
I have a plan.
Loose birds in small places make me frantic.
I need to go, guys.
i wub Hugs :3
Reikim: Whyyy did you cage the Canary? You fool!
;3; But I wont hurt you, Reikim
Panda|Drawing: Stop feeling bad.
/me is now repentant
/me steals LadyCanary and puts her on the shoulder of ShizuPyro
bye Joy
Go free, canary~
:D Yay!
Cheesecake bullets work just like real bullets.
Hiiiii Wreky :3
Bye! :)
WOAH-OH-OH-HA-AH-AH-AAAA-HA-AH
dem alpha squad benefits
All I see are a bunch of check marks
I guess I liek to pay 40 bucks for that
Wrek killed by Prex.
Onoooo
His evil twin.
f
Kerw
Hi everyone! :)
That is his evil cousin.
i can see my computer having a heart attack trying to run this
Hi lavagirl :)
ello Lavagirl6414
Hi Lavagirl6414 :)
Nuuuuuu Wrek D:
:)
PREEEEEEEEEEEX
/me KHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN
WOAH-OH-OH-AH-AH-AAAAA-HA-AH-HA-AH
This aint Star Trek >3>
cachi01|phone: is that wawity?
So, what is this?
Yay PS2. Do you have any problems with server side lag?
It's Planetside 2
Lavagirl6414 patrick
i thought it was rick
twilight_sprinkle Lost horizon - Highlander (the one)
Oh hey, Ouroboros!
:D
Ohai everypony
Hello LadyCanary.
cachi01|phone: o.o ok
hey
hi Petrified_Discord
hoi Petrified_Discord
Planetside?
Petrified_Discord: Hi! :)
needs more Captain Planet
Petrified_Discord planetside II
Hi, Petrified_Discord
beta
Its good fun. Unfortunately I can barely play it at the moment, they seem to have issues with their servers. That said it's still in beta and undergoing active optimisation
Hm? What game?
thelonepony twilight_sprinkle AJIsAwesome Lavagirl6414 :)
This is Planetside 2.
Nife... no no no... its just... I feel a little scared >.> I mean...'
TROLLTASTIC!
Panda|Drawing: What?
Noooooo
inb4 Wrek rage
Victimntr
Nife /)_(\
It seems you are capable of being killed quick in this game.
Better than Invalid String
Much like CoD.
SuperBrony64:
Max unit
TF2 IS A COPY OF COD DWERKDLSJ
Use your grenades. Hit G!
Throw them bitches!
EA made tf2, but valve stole it! <_<
.________.
pew pew lasers pew explosion
This Planetside?
:)
JusticeKoro: yup
neat
Oh jeez.
SuperBrony64:
holy crap what game is this?
That escalated quickly.
Planetside 2
otakon planetside 2
otakon: planetside 2
hiya LadyCanary why the long emote?
They are pushed back to the gal on the landing pad.
nice
it looks hectic as hell
Because stupidity, otakon
11,02JRPhone
otakon: it only got like this now
LadyCanary: mine, your's or someone else's?
Someone else's XD
Nife... ok... Challenge accepted >.< its for fun... no?
Wrek: you should get Guild Wars 2 man, it looks dope.
Oh, hi, SuperBrony64!
:D SB64!
hi
hiya SuperBrony64 what's up oh moo one?
hiya Applejack2012
Panda|Drawing: Yes
Hi SB64 :)
hi SuperBrony64
Hloy shit dat RA2 theme!
This ain't JRPhone! This is a cell phone! :[
LadyCanary: was it directed to me and cachi?
otakon: meh. not THAT good
Its good fun, this battle is rather cramped because it's in/around a facility, there's a whole world to fight in
Dark_Horst: it's one time cost
okies Nife but, do you mind if I ask for pointers?
otakon: i know, i have it
lvl 65
Dark_Horst: do you not like it?
i didnt say that
Panda|Drawing: Like what?
LadyCanary im stupid and i found that offensive
but it doesnt quite measure up to the hype
dat SuperBrony64
Nife could you critique my work afterwards?
Panda|Drawing: I am rough though X3
11,02Hai :D
ded
Rocket maaaaaaaaaaaan
Panda|Drawing: But I can. But for now,, pizza and MLP :3
They are spaming!
hai SuperBrony64 :3
Nife I dont care. I... may be a shy dimwit but I can take it :3
You can try running around the ledge outside and come around behind them, rather than running through the fire
ohai SuperBrony64 :P
I spy blue text?!
Running through the fire and the flames?
Blue text, I did spy.
Talking like yoda you are now
What a wondrous occurance...
Wrek: you gonna get Borderlands 2?
dammit I hate my shitty computer
It can't run this
my net can't support it currently
^
and this looks pretty damn fun
Reikim have you seen To the Moon ?
Random dude talking
Yeah!!
Wrek: do you have night vision or something bc DAMN if it isn't dark as hell.
Hm? What's that?
Okay, so we get it now. Rockets. Use them.
Take that you stupid POS NC Vangaurd!
That's just you, otakon.
game on steam
...
no it's not
No, actually.
I'll take a look now.
the goddamn sortie is AT NIGHT
it's DARK
is there a stream up?
I can see fine.
it's HARD TO SEE
Yup.
It's not that bad, really.
Tonight's forcast: DARK
random pony yes
Try turning up the brightness on your screen, otakon.
Reikim: you're brightness must be too damn hight thne
Reikim: I've got it perfect already
Perfect = dark
Reikim: :O
...
perfect dark....
I made a video game reference without trying.
I c wut u did there
Eye see wat
I have reached game reference nirvana.
otakon: your*
Wait for it...
G'night everypony! :)
Hi bronystate.
night GilDash
ohai FillyFlam
Night GilDash :)
hi FillyFlam
Eye see wat ewe did thar
ello FillyFlam
hiya FillyFlam night GilDash
nite GilDash
2,14 so punny
^
Hello everypony.
that was cornea
Caramel: the puns...THEY BURN.
hi VenHur
Hi VenHur :)
ello VenHur
Haha (Phase made the cornea joke)
GilDash: night! :)
FillyFlam: Hi! :)
otakon: We're on fire with these puns.
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Comic: The End of the World / Three's a Crowd / Vinyl's Wish
Moo
Eye see we're making the eye jokes again. :P
NANANNNANANANANANA
goddammit WHY ISN'T THIS FOR CONSOLES?
Because money.
otakon: cause the console couldnt handle it
seriously this is what MAG SHOULD have been
Also: game's F2P
this is F2P?
http://derpy.me/ykqqZ http://derpy.me/bTvdl
You can't make a console F2P game.
you can
Reikim happy wars
Yeah, I just looked it up. The final product will be F2P.
but not on Xbox360
bc Microsoft is greedy fucks
otakon happy wars
M$, as Nitt would say.
SuperBrony64:
Derpy_Hooves: Nice.
HAPPY WARS IS A F2P XBOX 360 GAME
Moo
its not released yet
wait
it's by SOE
My game cynicism levels are dropping.
which means...IT COULD COME TO THE PS3!
WAIT WUT?
there is a VERY strong possiblity this could be on the PS3
otakon: Hahahahahaha no.
Could, but won't.
Reikim.hahahhaha maybe
Sorry to pop your bubble, friend.
Reikim: what do you mean no? Dust 514, MAG, DC Online.
But nope.
Reikim: plus it's published by Sony Online Entertainment
if this does well enough on PC, they'll find a way to port it
this WILL do well enough
It's certainly very shiny
this game looks like a combo of Battlefield 3 and Halo :D
nah
eww.....
more like Section 8
which I liked
05section 8 meets battlefield
yes
^
Wrek has got the right idea
glorious
/me has never heard of Section 8
Battlefield 2: Bad Company
HOW I MISS YOU
Wrek: and it is good
?
hai :s
Hi CCCP :)
hiya CCCP what's wrong?
hi CCCP what's the matter?
Section 8 looks nice
hi cachi01|phone and otakon and thelonepony just hungry and has nofood
Pew pew pew.
CCCP: well get some food THEN come back
CCCP i know dat feeling :s
Wrek: which class can laugh in the face of Rockets?
WHICH CLASS IS THE TANK?
/me shoots magic lazurs at the canary
D:
OW!
/me jumps in front of the canary
But they're frienship lazurs D:
NO! I WAS TOO LATE!
oh
CCCP that sucks man, why don't you go get food right now?
otakon okies :s
dammit man you have to TYPE "Friendship Lazurs" first
/me shoots friendship lazurs at the canary
Oh yay.
wow. that'S some serious boom power
Fine, fine, here you go. *shoots otakon with regular lasers*
An overdosis of Frienship is lethal......
thelonepony no money.. geuss i could find somthing if i really look
:)
I'm ON FIRE
/me riddles otakon with strictly non-friendship, highly lethal, military-grade lasers
I'M LITERALLY AFLAME!
IT BURNS!
otakon stop drop and hump!!
/me takes 100 damage
lol wha
otakon: you might wanna optimize your current situation
/me is disintegrated into a small pile of white ash.
I wonder if we can port otakon to console? I like this game a lot.
/me uses Phoenix Down on otakons_ashes
Hey look, the chat just got a bit cleaner.
...(goddammit)
also didnt do my homework >.>
Petrified_Discord: console couldnt ahndle the dimensions
only if this was driveble in BF3: http://images2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120605194245/battlefield/images/e/e6/AC-130.jpg
...( CCCP do your homework first, eat then come back)
i woul have so much fun crashing landing that :D
/me wants to get into an abbadon class battleship and start perfoming orbital strikes
I win :)
Petrified_Discord: yes :D
...(goddammit. at least Nittany_Discord isn't dusting right now)
otakons_ashes: Yep.
*Yet*
otakons_ashes but its more complicated than that! :(
the only thing lower in the food chain would be a hacker
Butt fun
No dusting from me for a while.
Petrified_Discord: wut?
...( CCCP how so? go do your homework, eat and come back. That simple)
otakons_ashes fine
/me gives feather duster 2000 to Nittany_Discord
/me dusts otakons_ashes, scattering them to the four winds
There. That worked out pretty well, if I do say so myself.
...(NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo....................................................)
hello everypony
Wrek: is there a medic class?
Hi Freefall!
hi Freefall29
eww otakons_ashes in my sammich
ello Freefall29
hu Freefall29
... ( thelonepony do NOT eat my ashes)
Freefall29: Hi! :)
Ded.
/me puts otakons_ashes in an urn
wow. healing pistol. who would've thought
this game looks interesting
Dark_Horst: Deals negative damage?
ow well more stuff in my sammich makes it better *nomnomnom*
NANANANANAAAA
....(thanks Petrified_Discord )
Well if we can have a healing shiv...
so tempted to buy: http://derpy.me/a5tAV
I'm dropping Maid Discord for a while, so no dusting in the near future.
...(also I can't even RUN Planetside 2, I need 4 more gb of RAM
MEDIC!
/me glomps Reikim into the crater
otakons_ashes_in_an_: what, you have no ram?4
so what is this? "Avatar: the game"? :)
There's a crater now?
Aw shucks, Nittany_Discord. Hope to see Maid_Discord back soon ^_^
otakons_ashes_in_an_: You're supposed to be "otakurn".
Ryunosuke not sure if trolling
Huh? What is this game? O_o
otakons_ashes_in_an_: You should try http://www.downloadmoreram.com/
otakons_ashes_in_an_: whats the minimum system rquirements for thsi?
JunkerKun planetside 2 :)
-throws candy in the chat-
cachi01|phone, it's out already?!
*ignores cany*
Petrified_Discord: Oh you troll.
*candy*
twilight_sprinkle: comes up to a total of $77.57 or GBP 53.53
I hope this isn't Crysis tier.
Reikim: Sometimes I wonder: Is Metroid's machine gun a part of his arm or his armor?
/me smiles
:P
marf what we talking about
Petrified_Discord: i hope you're being sarcastic
I can't even get mad at that it's so silly.
:)
Hey everypony.
hi Kawaii_icybeauti
Hi icybeauti :)
hoi Kawaii_icybeauti
hey thelonepony twilight_sprinkle
Petrified_Discord: otherwise i'd have to kill you right about now
Petrified_Discord, the metroid is a jellyfish-like alien. It doesn't have a machine gun.
twilight_sprinkle: pretty cheap compared to $150+
It's weird, it's 9/11 and all that stuff, and I lived in NY at the time, and I don't remember it at all...I was 3 BTW.
Kandarihu_: You see? BEST troll question XD
I remember 9/11. I was in tech college.
i somewhat expected it
Icybeauti i was 3 at the time also
I feel young o.O
Kawaii_icybeauti: i remember drawing a picture of it in kindergartden. my teacher wasnt happy :P
....but i was also looking forward to bloody murder
9/11 was supposed to be a good day since there was no lab to attend. Nope. Terrorist attack.
I was 2 when 9/11 happened.
Petrified_Discord, and neither does Samus Aran, the character that you play as in the Metroid games. She has a modifiable energy cannon that fits over her hand. It's part of her armor.
Im 14 yay
I do remember being 3, and I remember living at my old house and all that, but just that day....It's not there.
i think i was like 6 or so, not sure
Kandarihu_: i htink he's bullshitiing7
Kandarihu_: And other M is an anagram for Mother :O
Petrified_Discord, I'm not raging. Isn't that the whole point of trolling?
Kandarihu wait. SHE?? Metroid is a woman? WUUUUT?
Hmmm... I was like... 9 or so
And I even had a friend of my dad's come back to the house covered in debris.
Kandarihu_: Naw, someone brought up trolling and it was a reply to that :P
Petrified_Discord: lol
Petrified_Discord, I see.
Killed by: gun
9/11...I have vague memories of that.
:|
Icybeauti how can you remember all of that? I cant remember a shit O_o my mom said i was jumping around the house while she was watching the news lulz
http://imgur.com/l9qWh
Okay, I'm back.
man, I totally forgot todays 9/11....
Reload while dying. Love it.
cachi01|phone: No, my mom tells me that. I don't remember the day at all.
Derpy_Hooves: :D
USB borked again
9/11... funny how nobody cares about that anymore
Derpy_Hooves!
LadyCanary: \:3/
Well, the people who live in NY, especially where I am. I know a ton of people who ied there.
Dark_Horst: a lot of ppl do tho
died*
Freefall29 lol, it's 12here already =)
JunkerKun: what country ya from
is this still the same match or not?
Freefall29 Russia
twilight_sprinkle: only on one side of the globe^^
Fun fact: seth mcfarlane was supposed to go in.one.of the planes but he missed it
inb4 soviet russia jokes.
Dark_Horst: true, the other side has epxerienced things a loooot worse
twilight_sprinkle: yep. those battles are nonstop
:)
Dark_Horst: you mean the maps dont end?
that'S what i mean
well thats kinda pointless then
JunkerKun: Since your from russia..I have 1 question...Is the winter as brutal as they say it is?
leat thats what wrek told us
Stuck on 2fort foreverrrrr. A fate worse than death.
In mother russia bronystate chats on you
Reikim: Especially since you keep respawning :P
/me Appears outta no where
Kawaii_icybeauti not exactly. Depends on weather conditions but mostly, yes, it's cold as s**t
Kawaii_icybeauti: depends. i knwo someoe who grew up in siberia. they have pretty damn brutal winters
Hello everypony :)
Hi Ponies47 :)
Ponies47: Hi! :)
Wrek: do any of the maps in this game feature water?
hi Ponies47
HOLY SHIT Ponies47 you scared me D:
Kawaii_icybeauti: snowfall varies a lot, but it can be veery cold there
New york winter was nothing last year. I better get some damn snow days this year!
Petrified_Discord: Then giggle at the Ponies47 next time I guess :P
/me shoots Ponies47.... sorry man, I thought you were a mugger. ya scared me.
Dead guy? Tbag!
/me Respawns
Kawaii_icybeauti: minus 40C. whent hey want to start up the car in the morning, they have to light a fire nder the engine to thaw it up first. that's why it's easier to leave it running overnight
Kawaii_icybeauti you like snow?
Freefall29: What was that for? D:
snow is nice, ice is a b**ch
Ponies47: it was a reflex reaction. you know how bad crime is these days.
/me puts twilight_sprinkle in a box
/me puts Reikim in a mech
JunkerKun: Yeah, it's not only fun, but you get a free day off from school.
Freefall29: Good point
Dark_Horst well, there are warm summers in Siberia =)
I was disappointed in winter this year. Barely got any days below thirty.
Ponies47: ...You respawn? FREE XP!
Bronysith: but i have claustrophobia D:
Reikim: IKR?
i can see myself buying this next: http://derpy.me/3Co9R
JunkerKun: that too. pretty extreme weather there
Kawaii_icybeauti: Usually up here we get like a week or two of below -30 days. And this year...nothing. It sucked.
dinner guys. brb.
Reikim: you talkinf C or F there?
Bronysith: *doesnt actually have claustrophobia*
I think time might be running out
Dark_Horst: Celsius, of course. Fahrenheit...*shudders*
Kawaii_icybeauti oh. I don't like winters actually. But there is a chance to play snow fight, so, I guess, I can live with it =)
Reikim: It was Janurary 7th, my mom's bday, and it was 63 muthabucking degrees out.
Talk in K or R and win!
...
fahrenheit, inches, yards, feet. they suck. metric system all the way
Hi, Bronysith!
K
Is everyone else talking in Fahrenheit?
I want to the learn the metric system..I feel like a hipster.
in K or R
Here in mexico we use metric system
@Nittany_Discord, gawd. I can't imagine 30 Kelvins O_o
AJIsAwesome: i hope to do this soon :$ http://derpy.me/ojriT
BTW, I'm in F.
Metric system is BEST SYSTEM.
Kawaii_icybeauti: you feel like a hipster becasue you want to use metric?
also Dat Ponies47 :3
Reikim./)
Dark_Horst: No, cause I don't know it.
people actually managed to create below 1 kelvin in a lab iirc
Kawaii_icybeauti: that relieves me^^
Nittany_Discord: We recently dropped down to about 283 K. Winter is coming.
cachi01|phone: (\
twilight_sprinkle, wut? Why?
US is hipster in lots of ways..customary system...no free health care...
Reikim: So I guess you could say it's....*puts sunglasses on*...........Autumn Wrap-up?
Kawaii_icybeauti: Mother of god...
:)
/me gives AJIsAwesome the deadest of stares
AJIsAwesome: I prefer Fuck-Off Fall myself
JunkerKun: lower temperature also can prove opportunities for other things, like superconductors
:$
twilight_sprinkle, I tell you, someday we're all gonna die because of one big black hole made in lab -__-
Petrified_Discord Lol
brb gotta clean up the kitchen
Petrified_Discord: :D
JunkerKun: And I'll tell you right now they can't do it.
JunkerKun: maybe, maybe, but we all gotaa die some time :D
Petrified_Discord: Ikr..
Will the great hydron collider kill us all?
NOPE
No. It won't.
hydron collider broke iirc
Reikim, well, that's a relief =)
And we spend 99.9% of our money on a war!
JunkerKun: the only black holes we can create have the energy of a mosquito and do much, much less damage. namely none
icybeauti sounds like.me in black ops....
lol cachi01|phone
Jeez, if only people would quit fretting about the LHC and worry about, you know., the current fucked-up state of the world.
Along with Shuffle-Off Spring and Shut-Up Summer
JunkerKun: the only way to create a serious black hole would be a hydrogen bomb the size of texas
:D I gotta go set the table, be back in 10 seconds flat.
Reikim: "the music makes us forget!"
directly into the sun
Hey guys, guess what? :3
black hole sun
Dark_Horst: Would it? I thought the sun isn't big enough. You need something like three solar masses.
SpeedyBolt Obama?!
Yolo :$
-runs-
Dark_Horst, well, if they ever create a bomb this big, we will die just from the look at it
Who's streaming? Wrek?
GET OVER HERE DAMMIT
i forgot what yolo is
Reikim: even better. that way nobody will get the idea to build a hydrogen bomb the size of texas
That is offically my new troll word.
whats yolo again?
You only listen once
You only live once.
JunkerKun: He's messing with you. We literally cannot create a proper black hole with the resources available to us. Our sun isn't even big enough to go supernova.
twilight_sprinkle: Dumbest word ever next to swag :|
^ me at school
lol cachi01|phone
*never, cachi01|phone :P
You only lie outwardly
cachi01|phone: you are now dumbest word
twilight_sprinkle: yolo is something dumb people say before doing dumb things. it'S carpe diem for retards
Yordles only lane o
Ponies47: agreed about swag
Yay im dumbest word!
BUCK YEAH
*Yordles only lane overtly
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-its-about-time-yolo-had-a-better-definition.png
Whoa
yolo definition^
Reikim, huh? I'm not good at physics but isn't sun going to become supernova after Red Giant stage?
Dark_Horst: sometimes the internet confuses me o.o
thelonepony LOL
Only YOLO acronym I accept: You Obviously Love Octavia.
You'd better quit smoking; YOLO.
JunkerKun: It's not big enough. You need a much bigger sun than ours for that. No, ours will just collapse in on itself to form a white dwarf, and then slowly cool off into a large mass of...stuff. I can't remember what, exactly. Might be iron, nickel...some kind of metal.
YO LOL
Either way, JunkerKun, we'd be doomed.
sammich tiem
YODO. You only die once
Reikim, oh. Meh, I won't live long enough to see that
you better be ready before we go to a long trip YOCO
08,01evening all
Petrified_Discord: UNLESS you're in Dragonball Z.
08,01i'm tipsy and tired
Reikim: probably nickel. that stuff is everywhere
08,01and also at work
i think ill start adding yolo after everything i say now; yolo
05i heard LadyCanary told you? :D
08,01Wrek: she did!
:333333
Well, gonna get some sleep. Bye everyone!
08,01Wrek: and ZOMG ADORABLE <3333
Reikim: Someone made me watch that. I still don't get why they get all upset when someone dies. They can just find a way to bring them back :P
night JunkerKun :)
hey guys im back,got some hotdogs for chili dogs :$
08,01my warmest wishes, to both of you!
bye Junker
JunkerKun: Night! :)
Sketch_Toku_Brony: Nice! :)
wb Sketch_Toku_Brony
kay I'm back....
08,01Dark_Horst: i do, actually
wb Kawaii_icybeauti
Petrified_Discord: DBZA lampshaded it wonderfully. "Oh no! Goku's about to die?" "...So?"
^
G2G guys back in 2 hours
CYA!
/me is waiting for enlightenment
bye cachi01|phone
Uggghhh...I have tumbling tomorrow....:|
08,01gimme a sec to deal with work stuff
What is this game anyway?
alrighty then
Tumbling?
SpadeMagnes[R]: planetside 2 beta
:)
thelonepony: You know, learning how to do flips for cheerleading.
Tumbling lulz
The canary's been fluttering around chat for a while now...
08,01so okay
Kawaii_icybeauti: oh!
08,01first our sun will actually expand
08,01into a red giant
new that
knew*
08,01the nuclear reactions in the middle will stop
And then we'll be all nice and toasty
and earth goes poof
08,01so actually, the core will shrink, but the outer layers will expand
But it isn't really that. It's more of a random-being-made-to-do-useless-excerises-thing. We get to the actual learning when we're all exhausted.
i'm back everypony
:)
wb Freefall29
Freefall29: Hi! :)
08,01with little gravity to keep it together, the outer layers of the sun will then start to dissipate into space
08,01this will create a nebula around the star
...For whatever reason, that sounded really epic.
So this is what 12/21/12 is going to be like?
"Dissipate into space~"
Reikim: it probably will be
...
08,01a good chunk of the sun's mass will be lost to this nebula
Was that a tab fail?
It's gonna be like it was on dr.who.
Celestia will kill us all
12/21/12: When the Mayans switched to the metric system
08,01the sun will then cool and shrink into, i think, a white dwarf
It wont be my problem then
I'll be LONG dead
Make that billions, Shamroc.
Shamroc: In the year...what was it again...5 billion something apple?
Kawaii_icybeauti: the temperatures will be around 60 degrees, mostly sunny, traffic will suck, and people will still be alive
Kawaii_icybeauti: yeps
I'll still be alive to see the Sun be a white dwarf
Billions and billions.
White dwarf. Yeah, I think I said that.
lets blame the expanding sun on human intervention and global warming!
08,01at this point it will be kinda tiny
we do that anyway :)
imagine if the sun turned into a black hole....
GabeMoists last forever
08,01for a sun, that is
Ryunosuke: yes, shift the blame to everyone, instead of just me
Kawaii_icybeauti: We'd all be dead long before that.
08,01under 1000km in diameter
Reikim: I know. But that would be pretty sweet if that happened.
Bless you, Wrek
Wrek: gesundheit
08,01there's no more nuclear reactions at this point
bless you Wrek
I never knew the sun could spark such a conversation
Gesündheit.
08,01Dark_Horst: after that, it becomes a black dwarf
In other news: Scientists have determined that the Sun is too round
08,01after most of its heat has been radiated into space
Black dwarf.
Its quite illuminating
....i have a rather funny mental image right now
the sun is really hot right now
black... dwarf?
08,01at this point it's now dark, cold, and very small
So it's Meanwhile's soul?
you mean a umm
Reikim: :D
Soon, all the stars will become black dwarfs
08,01Freefall29: i'm not googling it; i used to be an astrophysicist
Saw that coming a mile away Rei.
Good to know I've gotten predictable.
What do you mean used to? Why did you quit?
/me isn't saying it
08,01SpadeMagnes[R]: i changed career to computer science
08,01actually, i initially left because i wanted to be a musician
That's quite the change
we got an astrophysicist for a brony.... the brony community just got 20% cooler
08,01wanted to write film scores
funny how that goes
Nice to see this game fucking suprises you with what kills you
08,01but then computer science seemed way more appealing
Now we know what really goes on with luna n celestia.
08,01so that's what i'm doing now
So black dwarf
Meanwhile doesnt have a soul Reikim...
what will that one consist of?
That's the end, Reikim.
Astronomy is my favorite science
Panda|Drawing: why doesnt meanwhile have a soul?
He traded it for ponies.
Freefall29 because he isnt human.
I remember hearing that it will turn into a big ball of some kind of metal.
:)
Kawaii_icybeauti!!! omg hi!
Panda|Drawing: is he a robot?
/me glomps Panda|Drawing
Hey Everypony!
Freefall29: He's a pony.
Hey, DerpDash
/me hugz chat
Freefall29 no... he is... Meanwhile...
hi DerpDash
Reikim, I think it was iron?
Kawaii_icybeauti how have you been hun? ^^
I <3 hugs! :3
Reikim: Then you lock a time lord inside of it.
05:P
Panda|Drawing: Good, but busier due to school.
Wrek: shrugpony
/me giggles.
...Hint?
What hint?
hint of wut?
Meanwhile: WREK AND LADYCANARY ARE GOIING OUT
my hint senses are not tingling
Kawaii_icybeauti same >.< I just want to finish a sketch before I head back for a term paper
08,01Dark_Horst: we're not actually very sure what happens after that
08,01that might be the final stage
...Oh that. Yeah, that was pretty obvious from the conversation. I just didn't think it would be tactful to get involved.
oh right the shipping btw the bronies. Panda|Drawing Lucky I'm a high school freshie. Not gonna die of work overload yet/
scinec ehas abaondoned us
Anything could happen with it.
I probably wasn't looking at the time.
08,01no black dwarves have been observed yet, and it's thought that none actually exist yet
Wait, correct me if I'm wrong; do we have an engagement on our hands?
You seem to get blindsided easily in this game
I bet the aliens are laughing as our theories right now.
Kawaii_icybeauti really? I thought you were older. ^^ ah, freshman year was awesome. well except for the bashing >.>
/me spits out water.
Hold on, what's happening?
am i missig a great conversation about space?
Sun talk
Oh goodness no, Polydunami XDDD
08,01Kawaii_icybeauti: almost certainly
i'd also imagine it pretty hard to observe somthing that dowsnt give off any light
Dovah: Eyup
Relationship, Polydunami
Dovah: space is serious business
Wrek no offense to your skill but you seem to be ending face down alot
Well, I thought you were already in a relationship, LadyCanary
08,01look up gravitational lensing
...
-_(\
Dude.
I'm so out of the loop
She has a waifu and dat's it.
08,01GabeMoist: aye; we actually currently use the temperature of white dwarves to estimate the age of the universe
Imagine the day we find the aliens...Or at least we're 1000 years late of finding them.
08,01Petrified_Discord: our sun is not massive enough to become a neutron star
Either way, my heartfelt congratulations to LadyCanary and Wrek for finding each other. Here's hoping it works out. You're both ridiculously lucky, and I wish the best to both of you.
when we're*
08,01a neutron star is what's left after a supernova
.//////.
Quark stars are best stars
08,01our sun will not do that
Look up Cygnus X-1.
Anyone want to bet on how long it takes for that to crash?
08,01hey Lyra`!
Oh god... my tv just got a Lets rock Elmo
Why...just...why
hey babe <3
*ad
I try not to bet on things like that.
what's the differenc ebetween neutron stars and white dwarves?
SpadeMagnes[R]: *face hoof*
08,01a neutron star is actually pretty cool
BRONYFUNDS
Neutron stars are made of neutrons
08,01it's basically a GIANT atom
Our sun will inflate before blowing it's outer layers off and becoming a carbon-oxygen white dwarf.
I just hope they're alright when it does.
And dr.who will be sitting there watching it along with the other aliens.
:)
Thank you Reikim :3
you are talking Billions to Trillions of years into the future :)
what ?
08,01Dark_Horst: well, mostly neutrons
Dark_Horst, pretty sure just neutrons
Canary and Wrek are apparently now an item.
08,01very, very dense
...
Huh, where'd he go?
08,01but not dense enough to be a balck hole
that seems pretty dense, indeed
yes still not black hole dense
Bronysith: earthbound
I had the most awesome ryme to remember the planets..I forgot it....:(
probably server derps
About the size of Manhatten
I know I'm gonna get alot of flak for this but this looks like a suped up version of Halo..to me anyway
There are no quark stars.
3 to 4 guys lost conenction at the same time
actually
Nittany_Discord... put some clothes on D:
Did the Rarity server die?
bronysith, you want good art
Anyway, figures his first reaction is to bet on how long before it crashes.
I'm back what I miss?
Meanwhile!
Panda|Drawing: light cannot escape a black hole
otakon: You missed a convo about the sun
otakon you missed awesome.
His second reaction, however, I can understand.
well good art in video games, and since we are talking space, EVE has some pretty sexy art in it
Connection to IRC scrambled.
08,01Panda|Drawing: almost; it's when light passes near a black hole, or other very dense object
Dark_Horst... not what I mean.
By the time you get enough mass to form a quark star, the star('s core) collapses the rest of the way.
08,01see, light doesn't have a mass
08,01but it *does* have a momentum
I'm sure they're mature enough to deal with it like adults, however.
Panda|Drawing: Dark_Horst: No, but it can bend around a black hole
My connection scrambled, what happened?
Wait...scratch that.
Wouldn't you entet another time in a black hole...*bases theroy off movies*
08,01and things with momentum are affected by gravity
05isnt light jsut radiation?
long distance or they live close ? uhmm dunno i should't be asking in the first place
And I don't think quark degeneracy exists.
enter*
Adults don't always even deal with that well.
Bleh
Thoughts confused
otakon: I am doing an informative speech on "Video games as an artform" what other games besides Heavy rain and shadow of the colossus are art?
08,01Wrek: radiation is one way to describe light, yes
Canary lives in New York I think
Meanwhile several people are having inter derps
And Wrek lives in like, Scandanavia.
Or is that just a burned out star.
Bronysith: Okami
Anyway, even if there's drama we probably won't be privy to it.
Whats this join the alpha squad thing that keeps showing up?
Wrek: from what i last read, it's kind of a radiation that behaves somehwta like particles. confusing stuff
I'll do what I usually do
http://bit.ly/Ooytpj -- something like this?
08,01it's a propogating wave of electromagnetic flux
08,01but it's also quantised and behaves like a particle
Watch from the sidelines.
Well, here it is....Many Very Excited Men Just had Sex under New York.
Get shanked?
Panda|Drawing: Final stage of a star that doesn't go supernova
With popcorn?
08,01Panda|Drawing: a black dwarf isn't reallyt all that dense
It's a wave and a particle
Feel like Im in Geology again.
let me find a bigger one
Of course, I'd get shanked while eating popcorn.
Hell, but this is more fun. I had a shitty teacher last year
/me sets Panda|Drawing on fire
08,01most of the star's mass will have been dissipated in the planetary nebula
Stop being so cool.
For once I truly hate to sound like the bad guy, but long distance things like that seldom work out. This is life, it's not a novel.
08,01Reikim: <3
Reikim: and now you are targeted
Unfortunately? I agree.
is rhis real life ?
inb4 bill nye song
Just how long were you a astrophyisicis.. sorry for the miss spelling
Not the time T.
it's always the time at least for me
light is confusing stuff
Either way...
She was depressed for weeks when she got dumped
Ah
http://fasterthanlightdotme.files.wordpress.com/2011/11/eve_online_crucible_wallpaper08.jpg - something like that Bronysith?
08,01Dark_Horst: well, it's more that they exist as *both* waves and particles at the same time, depending on what they're interacting with
I'd hate to think what this is likely to bring on.
I don't remember this, but it explains the long absence.
08,01if they're interacting with matter, light will generally behave as particles
Does this game have a minimap at all?
Double-slit experiment anyone?
Dis song
Dayyuuuummmm I gotta have dinner....I'm gonna miss the space convo :(
Ryunosuke: that isnt the kind of artform i am talking about not good "art" in video games, i mean video games as an artform
08,01Petrified_Discord: exactly!
Somehow it works alongside this game.
08,01Petrified_Discord: works with electrons too!
well
FPS! FPS EEEVEEERYYYWHEEEREEE!
...
Petrified_Discord you are intelegent in this field too?
Wow.
I just realized the potential for drama here.
Panda|Drawing: I'd like to think so :)
the thing is, you cant really talk about video games as an art platform, without talking about the visuals itself
i'll excuse myself of this convo, not my business
:)
^^ then Petrified_Discord, i will be talking to you more
Oh I see wrek is streaming
Dark_Horst, I saw that
08,01what's really cool is that the Young's Double Slit experiment works when only a single electron at a time is fired
planetside beta?
08,01you still see diffraction fringes
We're just worrying about friends here.
08,01which i think is awesome
why am i thinking about the big bang theorgy....
Yes Rustymeat
Rustymeat: Planetside 2 beta at that
08,01Dark_Horst: i've read about it
Video games is a combination of well paintings, video art, and musical arts
Bronysith: bc light talk
in a nutshell
I'd probably have the same reaction if two of my friends started dating.
All things considered it's none of our buisness, I just don't want things to resemble a tangled slinky by the time it's done.
hm...
I wonder
fight club
isnt that young experiment the part where quantum physics come in?
lols
Nothing we can do about it.
08,01Petrified_Discord: not sure who's streaming, but ask them if you can link it
well
war bar!
seems there isnt a bypass to that script XD
The best we can do is step back and watch things unfold and hope for the best.
club fight ?
/me fight club
And with that, convo change.
club de la fights
Trix, how long until you get GW2 again?
Yo Wrek, mind if I link quantum mechanics?
oh nice it covers /me
Wrek: hey wrek, you okay with us linking a youtube video about highspeed cameras capturing at light speed?
clever
flight club
gabe hax
shite dub
i win
Couple of days I believe.
Combat Guild?
lets try this.
AJIsAwesome: melee organization
8 days to 13 top
fight_club
you know
Bronysith: That's a pretty good one.
...
Close enough.
Running running running
All right!
I think the mods are smarter
Well for anyone who cares, just search youtube for "double slit experiment".
whatabout fight-club
Fixed the scottish rule up, Sumica? :3
Ryunosuke i know XD
ooooooh
Only a short amount of time until there's actually someone around who's a lower level than me.
Petrified_Discord sounds kinky
Rustymeat: You have NO idea :D
There may come a day when Rei isn't a nub. But it is not this day.
meh knowing i'll out level you a few days after i start
08,01so yeah, science is awesome
indeed
^_^
Ded
Whos awesome?
Morgan freeman or that other guy?
Youre awesome
fite club is rules are wrong
Ding.
08,01things to look up if you're interested in learnign more: stellar evolution, black holes, neutron stars (seriously, these things are awesome), wave particle duality, pauli exclusion principle
Gz.
what about flight club?
And yeah he's probably right. He'll probably lap you on the level curve. :P
stop that
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/3384/
AHHHHHHHHHHHHH
SO MUCH DEATH
Petrified_Discord: Nice. :D
Petrified_Discord XD
Yar!
No he- screw it, let's be honest here, he's going to lap me while making a rude gesture out the window.
dat snipe
more like waving at you i'm no one for rude gestures unless deserved
lol Petrified_Discord :D
barely.....followed.....converation........mind......feels.......exhuasted
I don't understand how you all manage to level so quickly.
try quantum physics. it's like trying to think around the corner, then left
I have a bachelors in physics.
Magic.
I loved physics.
Who pinged me? Chat derped :P
I know :3
the magoc of free time
Satrun used to be an astrophysicist, until he took a star to the knee ;)
wait Nitanny... what do you mean "loved" past tense?
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Source Film Maker - The Great and Powerful CyberTrixie / Ain't Got Time to Sleep
Way too much of it.
Is wrek terran republic?
Well, still love it.
I'm majoring in Chemistry. :$
...
damn i need to practice with my keyboard again i missing a lot of keys
Nittany broke up with physics and became a maid
WOAH that popup
EQD runs SFM stuff now?
i'm*
Seb really needs to sort that out or BerryPunch is never going to survive.
Petrified_Discord, when your chat is scrolled up, it makes that sound every time a new message is typed.
Reikim Trixie SFM insta post by seth
As in, computer keyboard, Trix?
Or instrument keyboard?
Sometimes the scroll function breaks.
computer
this game resembles borderlands
Ah
OH THIS SONG :D
Polydunami: Even with the bronystate client? It's never happened to me before.
fight club
08,01this is what was being talked about before: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SoHeWgLvlXI
STOP
i do have a keyboard but forget how to play it
/me is watching the green mile on amc
No. Trying to become a meteorologist. May do IT for a while until I get the money to go into meteorology seriously.
WE ALL GON DIE
08,01the fast photography
It's happened to me lots of times, Petrified_Discord.
hey everypony :)
watch that video. no really, watch it
Welp. That sleeping pill is now in full effect, I'm gonna hit the sack. Night regs.
Night everyone.
hi WildRepublicGuard
Seriously
also EQD did post a few gmod ponies a while ago
bicyclerepairman O-o what you didnt get kicked?/
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3qu9ji#by=ad
brb gotta do some computer updates quick
I eventually decided to switch to an unembedded client.
magicks :3
BLEH
bicyclerepairman... i smell a changeling!
so what r we watching
Quantum mechanics: Answer the age old question of "If a tree falls in the forest and no one's there to hear it, does it make a sound?"
Reikim needs a VHost
Welp
A TRILLION FRAMES PER SECOND?! :O
WildRepublicGuard: planetside 2 beta
night Mean- damn.
VHost?
Polydunami, all the way across the sky
Polydunami: fast enough to watch the travel of a light impulse
Meanwhile (Meanwhile@In.Another.Dimension)
:O
TheGreatAn@Performing.At.Trixie.s.New.Wagon
SuperBrony64: Ohia
Has anyone heard of Black Lagoon? How is it?
05i like it
My brain. It's all over the screen.
05its not the best anime
kick ass remix Wrek
AJIsAwesome: Sounds dark and wet
05but its one of the absolute few i like
instead of the letters that make your host you get a name or something
05togetehr with fullmetal alchemist
Petrified_Discord: :D
05etc
Polydunami: they fire one through a bottle full of water, you can actually watch it move around and see how it scatters and reflects
AJisAwesome
Wrek: Thanks.
it's basically modern day Bebop
otakon: Yes?
Hang on, let me watch this video :S
I'm not liking how you can get totally blindsided in this game
also can't tab you
AJsAwesome: its great
It looks like total bullshit
otakon: Oh, Okay.
odd
Panda|Drawing: you must be confusing me with someone >_>
Hmm. let me log off real quick.
Hm
Why should I get one?
there we go I'm back
ok.... is chat still alive
Ded again
bicyclerepairman nope... you are changeling! SPAI!
for the lulz ?
Back. Try now.
/me gasps and disappears
bicyclerepairman: GET THE SPAI
Does this game even have a freaking minimap/radar?
dunno it hides your internet host sooo yeah
SpadeMagnes[R]: Bottom-left
Doesnt seem to do much good
Perhaps then.
does this game have two weapon limit?
Nope :3
I think I should rebuild my house again.
Not insulting Wrek but he seems to be getting blindsided alot
This singer reminds me of the cookie monster
People still keep getting stuck
/me Returns
Ponies47: Welcome back. :)
Thanks AJIsAwesome :3
wb Ponies47
Thanks thelonepony :3
I find that armwave you do when you die is silly
Petrified_Discord: he's German
It looks like your throwing a grenade
otakon: ....that'S swedish
I am lagging so very badly.
Swedish German
no. swedish
Swedish fish?
Swerman
maybe
never heard swedish fish talk
lol
The entire world is frozen but I'm running around it
FUUUUUCK!!! I JUST GOT DR PEPPER IN MY EYE WHAT THE HELL
lawl
Echo..echo...
Pearly has returned
how about Swedish Chef talk?
wb Pearly
lol wtf?
And then suddenly, hit by so much damage
Boom
wb Pearly
omg its so cold in my house
I just took a sip and a little drop just randomly decided to defy gravity I guess
the only complaint i have so far is that this game looks somehwat sterile in the open areas
i hope they change that until release
:O
Pearly: Hi! :)
berrypunch y u no rejoin
One complaint I have is you seem to get blindsided by enemies way too easily
what do you mean with blindsided?
:eval msg.reply('!voice')
Phase4: !voice
Phase4: PRIVMSG #bronystateregulars :Phase4: !voice
derp
I cloned Mike three times and all three clones started cooking at the same time.
:eval msg.send_privmsg('#bronystateregulars', '!voice')
!voice
Phase4: PRIVMSG #bronystateregulars :!voice
oh, that
just lokked it up. but that's something that happens in every shooter
00,02ohai pony_3696
00,02:3
Hm?
at least in multiplayer shooters
especially on large scale maps
hey AJIsAwesome
/me is now confused
so not relly point of critique
:say mfw i forgot this command XD
mfw i forgot this command XD
thanks thelonepony and otakon
/me glomps Phase4
hiya Phase4 what's up?
Why did she
I guess... I just hate getting killed from fucking nowhere
:say
Reikim: Level 8 authorization required. (Current level: 0)
/me 00,02hugs Bronysith and otakon
00,02not much
Oh
You can make the bot say things?
:P
Dark_Horst: means he doesn't look around and keep track of his surroundings
Reikim, yes
I just realized when I saw the Sweetie Belle is : S
:s
too late, already asked an english discitonary^^
...Quick question. Why?
o_O
but yeah, that'S something you cannot avoid with so much space to move around
Welp
not sure what you meen
i wonder
:say !voice Phase4
!voice Phase4
XD
Whats that 39:99 thing that keeps showing up?
should probably get that flag changed
try arma. getting blindsided is the only thing that happens in there
SpadeMagnes[R]: premium stuff
Pre order?
...I don't get it?
SpadeMagnes[R]: yep
:say !voice Reikim
!voice Reikim
SpadeMagnes[R]: basically extra in game money and access to higher tier gear for one time fee of 30 bucks
Bronysith: sorry about that fiasco in l4d2 :(
For starters, why would you want to get the bot to say something?
:say !devoice Reikim
!devoice Reikim
otakon: nope, it's the price of the game
RoboGerbil: it was funny
It's funny.
Dark_Horst: the game is Free2Play
Reikim, cause i can make it use !voice
it's bonus stuff
I know its fair to give pre order bonuses but it seems kind of stupid to give pre order people a advantage
I get around liking maids here, and then I come home to being treated like a maid by my grandmother, and I couldn't be more miserable.
SpadeMagnes[R]: *an
Why? Don't you get that command yourself?
!voice
nope
Nittany_Discord: Oh the irony
Yep.
Huh
Maybe we should lay off the maid stuff for a while. :S
otakon: so, early starter package?
Dark_Horst: exactly
Makes a bit more sense
in-game purchase basically
I will think the pre order isnt stupid if the stuff they get is allready availble to others just harder to get
gives you a HUGE starting advantage
otakon: That seems kind of unfair to me...
It's searingly-sharp irony.
SpadeMagnes[R]: that's what it is, you're "buying power" basically
lol
05a majority of my deaths are FF
ah, there it is http://www.planetside2.com/alpha-squad
I hate games that make you pay so you can have the advantage
funny, it's cheaper here on the homepage
so not only is it a starter package but also gurantied beta access
Whats FF?
Actually, for the most part PlanetSide 2 just allows you to buy stuff that you would get anyway, and some graphical gimmicks.
It's a lot like TF2, now that I think of it.
But slightly closer to LoL.
Dis guitar <3
Theres friendly fire in this game?
05yes
Why
05100% friendly fire
Just why
Ahaha
I like this game
yeah, this package just seems to be something like "pay to get it earlier"
05becasue unlike BF3 the players of planetside dotn shoot eachotehr itnentionally
00,02friendly fire would significantly change how a game plays
i'm guessing the instant beta access is the bulk of the price
Honestly? That's what it is, Horst.
Wrek: barely ever happened to me
Whoops
Wrek: thouhg, i did die a lot by teammates becasue they're jsut dumb fucks for the most part. cod kiddies that got attracted to the fancy graphics
owchies
I'm imagining the chaos of an MMOFPS with friendly fire.
It's hilarious.
Tried CoD once.. got bored of it...fast
dat galaxy
eeyup
chaos is right
Hello everypony ^-^
/me sets RubbishBin on fire
hi
Wrek is terran republic right?
Tried to get back into CoD before.....got incredibly bored in the first match.
TubbHi! :)
Anyone figure out yet what server he is on?
RubbishBin: Hi! :)
Wut
lolwut
Spelling fail. :D
CLIPPING
dat error sound?
oh that was me
derp
damn.... i'm conflicted. one hand, i DO want to get beta access... on the other hand i follow the strict principle of not paying dor content that can be unlocked for free
fuuuuck
The fuck is that guy on the floor doing?
Dark_Horst: I support the second.
He's just slip sliding around
Wrek wut server u on?
Reikim: but man... beta access!
05Barbetos EU2
05terran
Dark_Horst: Pay to play an incomplete game?
By the way, anyone else who's watched King Gainer...is the opening supposed to be this trippy?
I wish you lived closer dernit! =P It would be awesome if you could play in a west coast server and join the TTA.
Reikim: a strong counter argument that part of my brain want to ignore
lol
Wrek: is station cash something that can be earned ingame or is it a strict premium currency?
Dark_Horst: Did you own PlanetSide 1?
no
Ah
05PREMIUM AFAIK
....Ohgod.
:( Suicide
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/4san/
That kid has a horrible fashion sense :|
premium currency... that does not bode well
It just buys clothes.
that relieves me
and also makes me question the use of it
I assume its nothing like credits in Reach
It's like TF2.
I liked the Armor custimization in that
It'll buy things you'd get anyway.
oh yeah, right. "look at ma fancy cahmooflage, hur"
Chat derepd
Reach had alot of nice armor
Wrek, how long have you been streaming? :D
DED
Actually, it's more like LoL. Apparently they were directly inspired.
05too long
Wrek: I think you need to take a break. :D
Wrek: All day/night?
Shoot someone right next to you with a explosive shot... SEEMS LEGIT
as long as everything in the game is achievable through honest killing, i'm happy
There is nothing I love more than showing the little fucktards who think their so tough whos boss
Also chat is ded
Nope.avi
You mean children play violent first person shooters?! Oh, the horror :O
/me Pokes the chat
:3
/me slaps Ponies47
no!
/me Throws Dovah into the river
Howdy everpony /)
Yay a river of the blood of all my enimies!
Hey Apple_Jack
I hated this one report on tv that went on about Parents being upset about people in online games being rude to their kids
SpadeMagnes[R]: when the truth is its the stupid little kids that are being rude.
If you don't want your kids to deal with that kind of crap, why are you letting them online to begin with
that'S like complaining about god when other kids on the schoolyard are mean
And if you can't handle being insulted a bit, why are you on the internet
Oh that fucking report
Oh, I HATED that report. :|
well most kids play games that are rated teen and up, if you honestly think your child is going to be playing in an enchanted medow with gumdrops scattered across the place and everyone is friendly, your sorley mistaken
there was a pair of very, VERY dump parents who got their poop in a know becasue their daughter HAPPENED to be adopted
*knot
I wish parents would actually pay attention to the ESRB once in a while. :|
08,01oh!
08,01is CrimsonPhoenix here?
/me sets CrimsonPhoenix on fire
not anymore
there is only one thing parents should do: watch the rating on the package and shut the fuck up about everything else
Bronysith: You just set a phoenix on fire... =.(\ logic fail
what games being streamed?
planetside 2 beta
I think one of the games in the report was TF2 or Halo or something... i forgot
Anyway
Did chat die?
*cough*
nope
/me sets otakon on icefire
Saaaatuuuuuuurn :3
>_> yes
08,01LadyCanary!
:3
so, whats happening here?
omg SpadeMagnes[R] has the plague!!!
Bronysith: the HELL
<.<
08,01i have somethign awesome to show you all when i get home, btw
i see
/me giggles.
08,01Dark_Horst: sometime tomorrow
k then
wow..... it's green here
and now its blue again
that'S some funky athmosphere this planet has
hi guys
hi Hipster-Pony
is that finntroll featuring korpiklaani?
backgorund guy sounds like their singer
Whelp, I'm done here.
Night everyone.
Night regs.
night Reikim dream of scary things
bye Reikim
Reikim: i mean ponies
*cough
d
wow
yo
hey
Wrek: is there a release date for planetside 2 yet?
did chat derp?
nop
Yay~
yes
My dad's desktop keeps making the chat crash on me :|
/me Pokes the chat?
*chat
heya Ponies47
/me sets Ponies47 ablaze using otakon as a match
Thank you Bronysith
/me Burns
/me Is ded
/me throws gas on Ponies47 ded body
So, is Wrek on the Vanu side?
/me Respawns
:3
Kandarihu: terran, think
Ponies47: Die.
okay deos anypony know when s3 comes out
Dovah: Why are you so mean to me? D:
no
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
there
listen to tom
best guess is around the same time as the last 2 seasons
but why? T_T
Ponies47: aww apperently you havnt read that series, shame its really good
dynamo2814: Calm your nipples and wait
which means sometime in octobre
Gabe Newell will be handling the S3 release date :D
Season 3 will come out when everything is ready for it to come out
quads
i wonder where tey got that idea from
not too bad i guess and ponies47.....dont be mean. i am relatively new ya know
Oh hello Mongoose
dynamo2814: Sorry :(
woot woot might get a Brony club going at my high school :3
dynamo2814: he really isnt he is just saying that to seam nice :P
Lol hey guys I'm back
wb PillowPoni|Phone
iz alright i dont mind...im in high school... and an open brony
not good combo
Ponies47: :$
/me hugs PillowPoni|Phone
*see
Do a barrel roll
*have
wow.... those flight physics are.... not so much physics
Ah, the aircraft. I fondly remember flying those things under arches at high speed. I normally don't lag when I do that.
Dovah: well in order to start a club here we need around 10+ people
the way that hing flies makes it look like a hack
i found out there's a brony in my art class yesterday.....i felt like pinkie at a surprise party
dynamo2814: Nice.
But Enemy + Bullets + me still alive = Lag
Careful how you fly that thing
What game is this?
planetside 2
DocSane, Planetside 2 beta
beta
GNIGHT everypony, i need to go to bed or the insomniac robots will do things i reserve for molestia
night Bronysith
OH SHIT
Haven't heard of it. Looks nice.
Bronysith: night
as one would say: http://imgur.com/ugI9l
Nught Bronysith
DocSane, if you came in just now, you have yet to see just how nice this game looks.
DocSane: think battlefield. but in the future. with maps 20 times the size
God dont fly so low
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Random Merch: Watches, Cadance Costumes, Underpants, and More!
maybe larger
It makes me nerveous
I wonder if my system can handle it.
an i thought Battlefield had big maps :D
LOL PHYSICS
CUDDLE THAT VTOL!
CUDDLE IT TO DEATH
05the fuck you calling it a vtol for?
yeah, they SERIOUSLY need to rework the flight physics
05its agalaxy
05or gal
Gah buffer
vtol?
Galaxy is best vtol
Wrek: galaxy? wut?
Kandarihu: ah
Oh hello twilight
what kandahiru said
05gnight on you all
05and yes
Wrek: Night! :)
night Wrek
05me and LadyCanary are together.
night Wrek
05dealwithit.jpg ^_^
:)
Good night, Wrek. Thanks for the stream
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJfKZcNDVUg
/me turns red in the face.
grats, i'd say
Wrek: Congrats! :)
yay grats LadyCanary~ you to Wrek
http://memecrunch.com/image/4fa9c1d61861330f9d006172.jpg
You too, LadyCanary. :)
You gave me some good nostalgia with that. Even though I couldn't fight worth beans, it was fun nonetheless.
Night Wrek
05Dark_Horst_ didnt do so bad first time flying
/me pokes Ponies47 :3
I wish Xenosaga had more sequels... I found them alot of fun... shame it ended at Ep 3 instead of 6
Wrek: nothing against you flight skills. i noticed that the physics of that thing looked kinda stiff
05Dark_Horst: id lvoe to try it out with a joystick
05but alas, dont have one
like, not something that flies. more something that moves where it wants
well, jope i get to try it soon
*hope
so you know how i said somepony drew a Molestia on the wall? well it turns out it wasent Molestia it was the Celestia from the video: Friendship is Magic Bitch :D
there a difference?
i didnt notice
Molestia has a grey mane, right?
eeyup
not sure
well, it would kinda delve into trollestia territory
molestia'S mane is a light pink
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sXhWRlg2QE8&feature=relmfu Fucking love this so much...
or, dull pink
dust pink?
i will take a picture of it and show it tomorrow :$
something pink that looks kinda grey-filtered
Whenever I see Molestia drawn in color, she has a greyscale mane.
2,14 alright, I shall be taking over now
Yeah, I thought that Molestia had a greyscale mane, not a pink one.
http://askprincessmolestia.tumblr.com/image/31117648312 Molestia mane color
http://askprincessmolestia.tumblr.com/image/31278025249
2,14 this next vid is dedicated to Derpy_Hooves, firstly because he showed me this vid, secondly because he commissioned a kickass image for me
grey with a lsight hue of pink
i think we can agree on that
...and i notice JJs style changed
Apperently I learned today Earth gets some gravitational protection from Jupiter
liked th eold one better
oh hi stream
thelonepony: :D
SpadeMagnes[R]: jupiter kinda pulls a lot of debries in that might endanger earth
mitternacht?
Dark_Horst: Never knew that to be honest
he'S kind of a big meat shield for us
yup
howdy everypony how are y'all i just got some wristbands buttons and ordered a new shirt
otakon: hear this? that'S german
dat lyra
DJ_POn-3: what kind of wristbands?
suddenly lati
n
ahhhhh
DJ_POn-3: Hi! :)
DBZA!
oh god...
dat Edvard Grieg :3
aaah Yeah DBZA
DJ_POn-3: :D
OH GOD MY MARIJIUANA PATCH.
oh and i please do not feed the zombies poster
Sweet, DBZA. :D
welp, that sucks for him
mis Drogas!!
putting it up right now
05OK val before i go to bed ill sketch out that iamge your requested. was it the same pose as my cheerliee one but with caramel isntead? just making sure.
Sumica: hug him cuz sb64 ant here
2,14 hardy har har :P
05no really
05yes or no?
Wrek: do it
2,14 considering I don't remember the Cheerilee picture...I have no idea
do it and surprise him!
2,14 plus I thought you already sketched out the pose?
Just say yes <_< >_>
05fine it will haveto wait untill tomorrow
LOVE THATSONG
05male or female caramel?
that song
inb4 krillin pwn count
2,14 ...you're really confusing me
yay
2,14 I don't think I ever asked you to make a Caramel image
wrek, you gonna upload that?
Man, it was a pain in the neck to turn down my PSO2 to hear this
05always Dark_Horst
05as logn as val gives me the details
dat Shyamalan
2,14 Y U CONFUZZLING MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE?
Caramel: smile and nod, jsut smile and nod
05mission accomplished
05never jokes on me again vallie <3
2,14 it's okay Wrek, I still love you
/me hugs
/me gives Caramel a fondle as he skips off to bed
holy god...
2,14 O U
that powere
>.>
power*
;I Damn youuuu Wrek
2,14 it'll take a lot more than that to destroy my faith humanity
>_> he's fine
05FINE
Didn't expect to see a hug from Caramel.
/me gives LadyCanary an "im sorry" kiss
what?
./////.
05NOW
theres 1
05I HAVE A DATE WITH MY PILLOW
2,14 Polydunami: savor it. You may never see it again
I'm back and.....DRAGON BALL Z ABRIDGED!
YOU DIRTY WHORE
I'm just glad I was around to see a miracle :3
05YOU LOVE IT
KRILLIN HAS BEEN OWNED 1!
05ADMIT
2,14 He has a picture of you on it LadyCanary :P
that nappa
O_O
And then I was a body pillow.
And one of them is ON GOHAN'S HAT! SO EVERYONE CAN SEE IT
Caramel, you in a good mood, Shizuka's brain must be melting :P
chat derped out on me. what did i miss
2,14 Derpy_Hooves: I WONDER who could be responsible for that :P
idk
Dark_Horst: Krillin being owned 1 time
LOL
yoink!
definatly not me >.>
erooo
eww myspacer
You've been replaced!!!!!!!!!! :D
mysapce*
meant the chat, actually
space
poor tom
myspace :D
yes, piccalo is a yoshi
yoshi
:D
i kust now have that commissioned
PICCOLO IS YOSHi!
yoshi
a Yoshi!!
Can I ride you?
put up the poster
SHUT UP
/me that must be my dinner
Weeeeeeeeeee
05im also wearing my new jeans
05i feel so sexie
I love DBZ, but this is hilarious
lol
And now for the battle
AJIsAwesome: how was your convention
Bootybootybootybootyrockinerrywhere Wrek
HA HAAAAAAAAA Dangly Parts
i love harvey birdman attorny at law
Derpy_Hooves: ME TOO!
Good point
need a hand?
Dark92Enigma: my second favorite character is the bear
MEEEEEEEEEEEH
High fiiiiiiiiive!
DJ_POn-3: It was AMAZING. Still tired from it. :$
Derpy_Hooves: my second fav is the Boss
SEBBEN AND SEBBEN
05gentlemen
05slapl my ass
AJIsAwesome: wish i could have gone but i got alot of stuff today
Wrek: wut :I
You dirty dirty slut, Wrek :I
The best part from DBZ Abridged, is that it makes fun of EVERYTHING WRONG with oit
it*
DJ_POn-3: Cool. Hope you can make it to PonyRenFest, though.
05gmod references
05no one ever gets them :|
ROFLMAO
Tatatatatatata CHARGING MY ATTACK
Pretty please :(
AJIsAwesome: when and where is it?
Retarded :D
DJ_POn-3: Austin, Texas on October 12-14th.
goku :D
DAMMIT GOKU
SARCASM tastes like........blood
GOHAN USED HEADBUTT!
lol
IT WAS SUPER EFFECTIVE
AJIsAwesome: Do they have conventions over the summer?
Wrek: it was the spy, silly
DJ_POn-3: Not sure.
Thanks for the enlightnment
Dat peeking lyra
FULL NELSON!
TECHNIQUE TECHNIQUE TECHNIQUE
Hello everypony what we watching?
MrMalk: something very funny.
MrMalk: Hi! DBZ Abriged.
no idea whats it called
shot for "Yoshie Drill!!!!!"
oh, that
short*
DAT RICOLA :D
:D
Aaaaaaaaaand Piccolo killed Goku just like he wished
bleh
MACANCOSAPO!
bleh
ded
DED
DAT BUFFER
AFTER SEVERAL HOURS
KRILLIN HAS BEEN OWNED 2 TIMES
YAY!
Dark92Enigma: it goes higher
lol
inb4 mulan song
AJIsAwesome: first spin around STOP double take 3 times...1...2...3 now PELVIC thrust weeeeeeow weeeeow stop on your foot DONT FORGET it now BRING IT AROUND TOWN BRING IT AROUND TOWN then do this then this this and that this and that this and that and then (bubble blowing noises)
Just like Batman.
DJ_POn-3: :D
AJIsAwesome: took forever to type
Mahagony
Oak.
fucking rad mahagony
AND BREATH FIRE!
forged?
XD
i still dont see what this has to do with us/hello everyone
Caramel: what version is this I must have it
hi
ello flutterchu
hiya Dark_Horst
i like how lyra came out of goku's head
Lyra random bucket pop up
otakon: not me, silly B)
2,14 it's on youtube, it's pretty easy to find
lol
holy damn, how long is this
o_O
Caramel: this is the WHOLE thing isn't it?
haha
2,14 eeyup
and Krillin owned count 3
what is this, like 90 minutes long?
twilight_sprinkle: yes
I missed some minutes......MY grandma hates me around a computer
XD
wow...
oh boy
T4S
Our whole universe was in a hot dense state,Then nearly fourteen billion years ago expansion started. Wait...The Earth began to cool,The autotrophs began to drool,Neanderthals developed tools,We built a wall (we built the pyramids),Math, science, history, unraveling the mysteries,That all started with the big bang
sorry watching the show
n
:D
Ouch
OK........i missed some minutes......My grandma hates me around a computer
NEEEEEEEEEEEERD
inb4 POPO
3000 KILOMETERS!!!!!!!!
OH GOD
MR. POPO!
MR POPO
is the BEST Mr. Popo
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Mr Popo NOOOOOOO!!!
i beleve a glitch happend on youtube or he is NOT kidding
.....*fetal position*
/me pets LadyCanary "It's okay, have some seed"
Ok..........did the Krillin Owned count go higher than 2, otakon?
THAT REVIEW :D
Dark92Abridged: oh SO much higher, I won't ruin it for you.
One fears to imagine the things in Mr.Popo's mind
Aaaaaand he falls asleep
MrMalk: he's the Pyro of the DBZA univers
OMG.
MY FRIEND CAN SOUND JUST LIKE THEM
lol
get them to do a recording
He can sound like Nappa as well
I remember how they used to digitally repaint the "HELL" on their shirts to "HFIL". Home For Infinite Losers
otakon i meant at THIS POINT. i missed a few minutes because.......my grandma
LadyCanary: I can sound like VEGETA
I'm practicing my OVER 9000
Ill get the oil
Dovah <3 fud
I thought that the whole filler episode would be the cold open for this episode.
Meanwhile on planet Earth.......that is definitely some kind of innuendo
when was Meanwhile NOT on earth
You, the dirt, the worms inside the dirt
Popos STOOL
Herp derp
Kame, and Popo. Any questions?
Hello everyone
LOL
You >> DIRT >> WORMS >> GENITALS >> KAME >> POPO
Hey guys.
Owned 3 times
ello Resonantwaves
SNAKE
Oh a house!
hiya!
...
I'm Garrus Vakarian and this is my favorite caht room on brony state
/me hugs everypony
hey guys just got back from Red Robins and from skate place and im stuffed with food now
Dark92Abridged, other order.
I liek puns
nothing
Kandarihu: i derped :P
:D
All these sprites
it says princess on that banana box...
PEDOBEAR ALERT
BUFFER
So is there s stream going on or no?
oh mai
:D
waka waka waka
PAC MAN !
Well, I just dropped in to say hey, so, bye now.
#Dashiesauce
what is this and why is this so awesome?!?!
2,14 don't advertise outside channels plase
that donkey kong
Garrus_Vakarian: DBZ Abridged
ITS DONKEY
I buffered
Danka
2,14 please* even
DONKEY KONG!
no luna
Luna.........NOOOOOOOOOOO!
Moopy >.>
X_X
perfect orbit my ass!
WOE IT'S ME!!!!
CLOTHES BEAM!
Oh.
sailor...moon
lol sailor moon
hey look chinas population went down .0001%!
chrome crashed...but did he fly during that battle with the snake?
SNAAAAAAAAAAKE
NO.
All these sprites <3
Are we there yet?
No.
we'll bang, okay?
NOOO
dat derpy
Derpy <3
I f****** love steak Liara
NO
OF SPAAAAAACE
stupid gravity
ARE WE THERE YET?
SPAAAAAAACE!!
NOOOO
iz vegeta a villan?
Vegeta is best double agent
I never understood why Vegeta looked different on different planets than the EARTH?
Monkey!
Dark92Abridged: just a coloring error
tara?
2,14 Dark92Abridged, they changed his color scheme at a later time during the show
That doesn't make sense...
2,14 originally he had red hair, but they decided not to later
Caramel: Spectrum_Rush Oh i see, thank you
I'm gonna put that when i review the first episodes of the series
This guy reminds me of Cartman
NEIL!
Naaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaail
Kick its ass!
Kick its aaaaaasss
Good evening everypony
It was pretty._.
Hello, DaJaguar
that lyra
Lyra what are you doing in the middle of the scree as a seapony you sily filly
Caramel: and who decided it? i don't remember
and then Vegeta was a prison bitch
2,14 iunno
:D
2,14 4kids maybe? iunno
Caramel: the writers?
:D
BREED FOR US
...ded
needs to be 20% cooler
:D
Caramel: that isn't an exclusive 4KIDS mistake, it's all over the different DBZ versions
2,14 as I said, I dunno
Ok Caramel then let's .....the writers did it
:D
Didn't they change the color in Kai?
:D
05now this is proper meatballs<3
It might be worth looking at the splash pages in the manga.
iN ALL the versions * Except for one
SUMERPAN
hall of justice?
wut :I
HALL OF JUSTICE
05yes i got hugnry before i went to beed
2,14 Wrek: Are they REGULAR, ORDINARY, SWEDISH MEATBALLS?
whales!
:D
WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAALESD
WHAAAALES*
Damn my keyboard
its SO CUUUUUTE
05with a deep pan fried surface with pasta and soy & cream sauce
ded
I heat eating right before bed is bad for you... but I suppose I never listened to that advice when I was really hungry...
LIKE A BOSS
hear*
That's now how you flip someone off, Vegeta.
SCORPIONS REFERENCE!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO
lol
:D
NOOOOOOO!!!
NOOOOOOOOOOOO
05NullRadix: it is
Memories...
that montage
The memories.....:D
MLP underpants? Really?
the Rancor will be miss...
Best defense against snacking: don't buy snack food
05but id ratehr take the bad ratehr than go to bed with a growling stomach
cowboy
Caramel: do you have final fantasy crisis core?
Btw nopony got the Scorpions reference?
05also NullRadix, my "snacks" are proper meas
05meals*
Ah, good times
but meatballs is the kind of thing that needs some form of cooking... so maybe that doesn't work for you
05if im raiding
2,14 nope
05i eat some bolgonese to it
aw
out of our dung
05instead of a bag oc chips
Are we there yet?
BOOM
magic
who is getting the deadpool game? :3
I'm hungry :(
Are we there yet?
i can go for a scootaloo right now
get something to eat then NullRadix
there's a deadpool game?
2,14 damnit...you're all making me hungry...brb...warming up pizza
Hey everypony
Wooohooo
Watching abridged?
genuine surprise or just asking ?
Meanwhile........in.........somewhere
Prick: Fried, boiled, broiled, or grilled
...
Hahaha
too soon
LOL
Pop station
/me might cook some Chicken Alfredo later :$
thelonepony: I don't have any snack food. I'm kinda dieting a bit. I'm eating pizza tomorrow. I have more than enough will check bonuses to avoid additional food today
Netherlands finds that offensive
raw...and strugging
CHAOS has being owned
Dark_Horst: http://derpiboo.ru/44401 follow the links
HA!
been*
Prick: :D
05tomorrow since i got the day off im thinking of makign pasta gremolata with basil adn cream togetehr with some ox or pig fillet
Hi
Wrek is best chef.
05OH even better would be if i had the time to mkae some red wine sauce to
Krillin has been owned again!!!!! And raped
05and nah
05sumica is way better than me
SO MANY DEATHS
im better :D
Spectrum_Rush: well, that looks interesting
Wrek: how can you tell?
I have never watched this show that much, but no matter what, that really dark guy always freaked me out
bye :)
lol
you're going to buffer
Wrek what is the thing in doom where you faces waves of enemy's?
Trollpo
lol
TO HELL?
00,03Dat Popo~
ello
/me is listening to Haggstrom and loved it
suddenly Scoot-Scootaloo
05JRP special mode
DODGE!
Scoot-Scootaloo: hi!
hola
Hiiii Scoots~
tree's are the same birds are the same a bit to sunny to be english with it/HELLO everyone (agian)
00,03evenin' y'all~
hey Scoot-Scootaloo
Wrek is it a mod or in game feature?
So lonely
More surprise.
hi, Scoot-Scootaloo
evenin' Scoot-Scootaloo
your all going to die ;)
happy evening time Scoots
Hey Scoot-Scootaloo
eeeeeeenope
dat wiki
that wiki
I WOULDN'T be so sure
00,03eh...
dat derpy
P-S Frieza owns you
lol
so how is everyone today?
The Eternal Derpy
Hasn't anyone seen the OVA
the most recent one
Ponymon-Anarchy: Pretty good.
/me Make your wish, you can only wish for muffins
2,14 mmmmmm....pizza...
Spectrum_Rush: what kind of muffins?
this is important
Pizza!!!!
pizza muffins?
/me steals Caramel's pizza and noms it as he runs to bed
Blue berry
I mean MUFFINS
Spectrum_Rush I wish for Giant Blueberry Muffins
2,14 NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
k bai!
00,03So someone's birthday was yesterday...
WREK YOU GIVE HIM BACK THE PIZZA
That Caramel sleeping in the corner is adorable
05aah the classical tune known as ValNOOOO
00,03Sunday*
hrm... good... but blueberry with the crumbs on top?
LOL
why ya askin me I'm not the Eternal Derpy :S
are we there yet
Scoot-Scootaloo: yours?
Are we there yet<'
YES!!!!!
yaay
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaay
So... Are we there yet?
00,03Nope
05WHAT PIZZA
SirGanjalf: YES
05I DONT HAVE ANY PIZZA
05*burp*
boom
has anyone heard word from gigabit harmonie and Allegr0?
Humans have been owned 1
I made pizza, out of english muffins once
Goddamn glutton :I
wait, didnt he have red hair
DCD!
/me shares his pizza with Wrek
And one of them IS ON GOHAN'S HAT!!!!!!
05dammit val
EPIC FORESHADOWING
2,14 <3
00,02Scoot-Scootaloo, was it king dee dee dee?
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Vocal Music: Hey Big Mac / Crossing Paths... The Consequences Paid / Luna's Respite
oh NewDCD
00,02:P
00,03It's funny because I was thinking the same thing, Phase4!
:D
DODGE!
Are we there yet......that's gonna be my new ringtone
00,02if you can dodge a dinosaur you can dodge a ball
dat F!ght Club
13so popo's training is kind of like...
popo...popo everywhere
:P
HEEEEEEERE WE ARE!
HI
Never Talk of Popo's training
:D SHIZU!!!!!!!
>rape
<EPIC FORESHADOWING (about friday bmn)
13canary canary~<3
Shizuka: hi!
Shizu Shizu <3
no.
Dat Shizuka
I can imitate Vegeta very well
00,02ohai LadyCanary|wubwub
bitch...
05,15Don't mind me I'm just stopping by to see what's happening
Hi Shizuka
Hiya Phase4 :3
Hi flutterchu
2,14 get out fluttercry, no one loves you
:D
LAWL
13UNIX
fluttercry*
Neeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeerd
00,02Unix!
00,02Shizuka, /)
YOSHI
13(\
/me lights Caramel on fire
< w >
NEEEEEEEEEEEERD
/me is immune to everything
anyone else getting lags suddenly?
CRITIIIIIIIIIIIIC
was that a shuttle from star trek
00,02getting a lot of buffer here
Remember........the cargo counts as people
oh god not the buffer
SAIBAMEN!
Tada.
ta da.
Ta daaaaaaaaaa
Little Radditz!!!!
MY CABAGES!
NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!
Vegeta Jr. D:
:D
Remember: RADITZ = CABBAGE
Vegeta Jr NOOOOOOOOOO
A pokemon!
lol...
:D
-_(\
POKEMON!
A Coutzu!
mips seems to be bitching again
00,02i see derpy
that aussie accent
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Aaaaaaaaaaand OWNED!
ded
lol yamcha
2,14 is it lagging for everyone?
05,15a bit
not for me
Ryunosuke: IKR>
*Moopy splashes a little bit of warm water at the chat* did that feel good guys?
buffer for real
Caramel: hard
*?
I don't what this buffer is you speak of, but it sounds dissapointing
not me
13why so pause
08,01wheeee
now its dad
Paused?
Yamcha has been owned: 1
the stream pauused?
dead
The picture catches a bit at times.
and no nnot for me Caramel
;_;
00,02Caramel, drop the bitrate by about 100, should fix it
with apologies to those who are lagging, no lag here
The stream has been PÁUSED
2,14 one sec
00,02surprise lyra
Oh god lyra just swam out of his ass
GIVE IT THE INTERNET! STAT!
well, only the DBZ has been paused. the ponies are immune
08,01LadyCanary|wubwub: i feel horrible
D:
00,02 D:
08,01it's 3am, i'm tired, and have a bit of a hangover
2,14 it was already at 350
08,01also, i'm still at work
:(
00,02Caramel, ah...
VERY VERY DEAD
cadaverific
DED
05,159,3 Lyra cares nothing for your sayin fights
cadaverific
BULLSH*T!
woah dat gren flutterchu
00,02REALLY recomend sleep
* fluttercry
and you broke up with him BITCH :D
that ff7
KRILLIN IS A POKEMON
CRESENT...BEAM...SHOWER!
I hope that gets in the INTRO
HA!
Meanwhile in hell
OWND!!
RADITZ: I hate..all of you :D
I never sleep really. I go to bed at midnight when I have school the next day and TRY to wake up at 5:30. Then weekends I stay till 2:00 AM, 3:00 AM or later and then wake up at 9:30 AM no matter what :$
Raditz is still alive
Boooooo~
...
yeahhhh
lame!
in hell
YEAAAAAAAHHHHHH
He needs a hand.
00,02XD
let the puns go
he is allright ?
CHAOS NOOOOOOO
and then goku was revived how many times ?
Has gigabit harmony come on lately?
lol..
Chiatzu used selfdestruct... it wasn't very effective
or Allegr0?
LOVED HIM????? :D
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: never yet. And in the future we get better dragon balls
2,14 not yet, lemme see if I can get them for you
tHAT Explains everything
nvm
NullRadix y no one revive chaos then ?
:D
I thought they did?
For Ponies?
FOR PONY!
FOR PONY
It was just way way way later
FOR PONY!
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: they have to go to (SPOILERS)
For Pony
then i don't remember
wait, who are we fighting?
AND BACK TO THE FIGHT
dick move
XD
PLAN B!!!!!!
UGHHHHHH
dat pun
*facehoof*
whats worse, the pun, or realizing you understand it
/me facehoofs
that patty cake
7
7 TIMES
And it will get higher
NullRadix: whats bad with understanding it
i reckon
HIS NAME WAS CHAOS!!!!!!!
I HAVE CHAOS IN MY BLOOD
Pointless............:D
:D
...
AND NOW HE REALIZES IT?
Why is this video so quiet?
no
And now we wait
Is he here yet?
god no
IS HE HERE YET?
I just got here. Why is the video so quiet
So, is this a compliation video of some kind? Nice
BEST DAY EVER!
WEEEE
At the GALA
Dark92Abridged: *throws pie*
i had my fun........
IS HE HERE YET?
....
hia guys
poor aquaman
hi abrony
The Whales.......
abrony: Hi.
Whales NOOOOOO!
:)
Hes late
who is late?
what we watching
CRAP CRAP CRAP CRAP (I get it)
Hey abrony
abrony DBZ
ello abrony
dbz abridged.
dat aneurism
that nosebleed
:D
lol...
:D
:| this is so strange
And some anal bleeding
:D :D :D
A NEW TECHNIQUE!!!!
laaawme
inb4 evryone steals that move
lame
...
DESTRUCTO DISK.....laaaaaaaaaaame
IT'S A TRAP
tricks are for kids
ur aim SUCKS
Ricolaaaa
dat ass
REEEEECOLAAAAAA
....
:D
Not HIS FACE
my sides :d
HA!
OWNED 8 TIMES
:D
Gohan=Fluttershy
if dragon ball z was like this i might actually injoy it
lol
Gohan = Fluttershy
IM FIRING MY LAZER
I AM FIRING MAH LAZOR!
ded
DED
fatality
no only i can say ded
05,15Mah Lazor....Imma firing it
Mr.Picalo Mr.Popo Mr.Malk
Neeeeeerrrrrddd...
Were moments from the greatest meme of all time
DODGE?
ello
Called it
DODGE
old dude
6Hiya ^^
dat old pickle
Dark92Abridged, you aren't aware of how they approached that meme?
Or are you?
whats up?
biiiiiiiiiiiiiiye
bitch i aint going nowhere
dem magazines
wow how long is this
WOW O_O
wut
ded
Kandarihu: NO......at least i don't remember
get that out of here
6Not much,you? :P
Alright. Expect the unexpected, then.
lol
Are we gonna watch ALL of these? that would be awesome
:O
same..
dun dun dun
dat cloud
DUN DUN DUUUUUN
FLying Cloud
Goku is best luna
EPIC COMEBACK
dat derpy
All of them DEAD
he's here and there, and there
and there <----------
Freakin dad's computer :|
too soon!
Get off the screen Derpy!
thank you Ex Machina
DERPY!
senzu bean taste lik candy
YOU WILL DEFEAT NAPPA
Here we go
IT'S OVER-----------
lol
05,15only 1006?
lol...
its ovah 9006
it's over....
Yay!
lol
1,006
It's 1006!
1006!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's upside-down
kick his ass Nappa
!!!!!!!!!!!
He lied
It's OVER 1005!
My arm doesn't bend that way
IT'S upside down
OH NOW IT DOES
its ovah 9000
13rawr.
9000!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
oh...
rawr
Shizuka: XD
It's over nine thousand. rawr
:D
NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN!!!
It's over 9000..........rawr
Vegeta?
fagita
bye NAPPA
Vegeta?
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
....Ded.
Vegeta?
Nappa NOOOOO!!
ded
LadyCanary|wubwub: wub XD
Bye Nappa
00,02did nappa explode?
see you at Vogue
Phase4, Vegeta exploded him
vageeter
*give vegeta award*
:O
that was a Owned Count for sure
KRILLIN ran away before getting owned
HUNGRY
wat
Dark92Abridged: but him RUNNING counts as getting owned
13IT'S ALL ICKY AND CORPSE-Y
lol
...i just was on /b/. there i found r34 of a female taliban pony riding the twin towers
it IS a little corpsey
/me sprays air freshener
and there i thought i saw everything
00,03>/b/
00,03>2012
Dark_Horst: the fuck
YEARH!
Shizuka: :D
50 doubloons on the short one
2,14 Dark_Horst: first of all, TMI, second of all please refrain from 9/11 topics
otakon: Yes, but the counter didn't get higher yet.......why?
nnnn nooo
dat Narrator
EPIC
otakon: just uploaded in on derpibooru, check the frontpage xD
Dark92Abridged: they didn't update it
narrator: no >_>
otakon Oh Ok
Dark_Horst: I don't want to.
Well, 9/11 jokes are always in bad taste.
dat face
knock knock
Caramel: sorry. no harm meant
KAIO-KEN!!!!!!!!!!!
but i couldnt resist mentioning that
It's not a matter of being too soon, either. I don't think we can ever joke about the Hiroshima bombings either.
2,14 Dark_Horst: next time, try harder
2,14 that kind of talk is not welcome here
Knock Knock!
lol
Caramel: try harder wut?
2,14 to resist
I don't know when I'll stop
fire ball
Kaio-what?
hm. okay
ARE YOU OKAY?
Dark_Horst, you basically violated the first and second rules of /b/
KAIO-KEN TIMES THREE
THIS.......PROVES......NOTHING
Kandarihu: those rusles stopped applying half a decade ago
Fan-fuck*n-tastic
Fanf***tastic
lol
SKAR REFERENCE
be back in about 20 minutes or so
I love Vegeta's screams of anger
I HATE U
YAY YOUTUBE VIDEOS
13THAT'S IT
13EVERYONE DIES
IM HAPPY NOW
THAT'S IT..........EVERYONE DIES
I'M FUCKING EVIL!
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
GALICK GUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
KA
HUDOKUEN!
ME
KAAAAAAA
HA
IM F*&^&^& EVIL!!!
HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
MEEEEEEEE
HAAAAAAAA
05,15next episdoe
ME
2,14 Garlic Gun!!!!
MEEEEEEE
HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaa
HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!HUDOKUEN!
WHY ARE WE YELLING?!?!?!?!
oh god, the comment thread on that is amazing xD
13TIIIIIIIIMES
Loud noises.
no no noooooooooooooooooooo
2,14 Dark_Horst: Stop
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu-
NO NO
2,14 talking
2,14 about it
:D
fuuuuuuuuuuuuu
13previously on evangelion
I love that scene
Spectrum_Rush:because its how we say kamehameha
KAIO KEN TIMES FOUR = EPIC
00,02he went to space
wed wibbon awrmy
Caramel: dont worry. just a bunch of completely unrelated reaction images
dat launch
2,14 that's nice, now stop bringing it up
-uuuuuuuuuuuuCCCCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK!
ADERPY
Well, I think I found this on Youtube.There are entire full season videos of this. Not sure if that's what we're seeing now, though.
dat plot
And THAT'S WHY WE NEVER SEE HER AGAIN
I love that scene
A WILD DERPY HAS APPEARED
wait he has a tail?
abrony: Saiyans have tails
13MOOOOOOOOOOOOOON
It's way too far along Season 1 to be about 1/4 to 1/5 of the way through
MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON
STOP MOCKING ME MOON!
WHERE'S LUNA!!!!!!!!???
D:
and then Piccolo killed Luna
SAILOR MOOOOOOOOOON SHIZU
BEE-YETCH
inb4 noo luna
13<3
luna :'(
13in the name of the wub
Shizuka: XD
artifial Lunas?
cheese
otakon oh well i dont watch this show
lol
TO THE ARTIFICIAL MOOOOOOONA BEE-YATCH
giant monkey
,,,,
:)
XD
HA!
:D
thank god I thought he meant penis!
mownkeys
:D
MY GOD I THOUGHT HE MEANT PENIS
Oh GOD he's so FAST!
bye
ded
A.K.A. GENKIDAMA
died
then derpy comes
and this part is a GREAT running gag
Derpy!
Derpy:D
Downloading a content update for PSO2 now
DERPY
did ANYONE screencap that?
u got mail
derpy
00,02Derpy 6_9
Derpy brought you a letter!
dat evolution ref
die
bad movie
XD
OH god
DAHHH
MY EYES!!!!!
OH GOD MY EYES!
:D
D:
can not unsee
FREEZER IS ALWAYS NAKED 6_9
yes
NO SHIT
Frieza is naked
ded
The power is YOURS°!
so.. goku = capt planet?
NOT BAMBI'S DAD
death
Daddy?!
...Oh jesus.
I smell deer?
Ryunosuke, no. Goku is draining energy from the Earth and making a bomb out of it.
that buffer
05,15dat joke
i know :)
00,03Brillint...
05,15ouch
that's so wrong
00,03brilliant*
TOO SOON
OH SHIT XD
derpy
THAT WAS IN TERRIBLE TASTE
i noticed i have a giant cut on my side :|
AGAIN WITH THE FUCKING EYE
IN THE FACE
in his mind
squeaker
derpy and lyra XD
gahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
that derpy
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
05,15JCVH was the best movie ever
squee
squee!!
squeeeeeeeeeeeeee
lol
00,02XD
fluttershy :D
lol
:D
XD
THE KNIGHTS WHO SAY SQUEE
goku pushie
Hey everypony
wat
so is friendship is witchcraft next?
hi DerpyMuffins
Goku SQUEED........never thought i would be alive to see it
squeaker
NERRRRRRRD!!
DerpyMuffins :D hia
13SQUEEKY
squee!!
LOL
SQUEE :)
OH COME ON
tit
DAMMMIT
Krillin is best fail
T-i-i-i-it
and then Yajirobi
derpy XD
mah tail
13RUNNINGRUNNINGRUNNINGRUNNINGRUNNNING
lol
SHE ATE A MUFFIN
Shizuka: you are too in time with this
RUNNINGRUNNINGRUNNING
13my stream isn't as laggy as you :3
Where is my editor....
00,02XD
inb4 best song EVER
dat count
ded.....again
:D
9 TIMES
derpy XD
wb LadyCanary|wubwub
Chat derped ^^"
Atleast Derpy brought them a mail.
Shizuka: you lucky little thing..
and KNEE
DERPY
:D
karot
ow my pride!
eye*
WHY IS IT ALWAYS THE GODDAMN EYE?
MY EYE!!!!!!!!!!!!
derpy get out of there!
abrony: Ca-Ca-Carrot Cake.
:D
lyra you too!
Dat pride
kakarot
THROW IT YOU MOOK
It won't save you from being OWNED..........right......?
BOOYAH MOTHERFUCKER!
13and then he missed
dodge
OWNED!!!!!!
DODGE!
DODGE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
13DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODGE
oh ok
Dip, dodge, duck, dive, dodge
apparently Vegeta took Piccolo's lesson's to heart
dat sonic sound effect
BOING
DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODGE
What smells like Deer?
Sonic boing?
CURSE MY HUBRIS
wut smells like deer
dat TTGL music
"AND THERE'S NOT A DARN THING YOU CAN- what smells like the earth?"
Kandarihu: no, what smells like deer.
and down
HA
13dibs
MirrorImage: I don't know if I have or not
You gonna eat that Saiyan?
otakon: Bambi's dad, right?
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH'
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH:D
Dark92Enigma: yes
:O
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
:O
AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH
D:
aAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
aaaaaaahhhh!
I love this show
AAAAAAAAHHHHHHH
WAAAAAZAAAAAAAAAAAAP
BACK FROM THE DEAD BITCHS
so very very much
gahhhhhhhhhhhhh
Kandarihu: the joke is Bambi's dad
:[
A perfect 10
aw snap
BITCHSLAP
BITCH SLAP
10
Dark92Whatever, I see.
10
:O
lyra survived O:
BIG BANG ATTACK
everyone died the end
then the universe
that tail
dafuc XD
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
Lyra your a pony not a super sayin, get out of there you silly
FROM MY FATHER
running
and pummel
YES YOU DO
haha
Gohan is Turning!!!
HA HA
"You remind of my father... I hated my father!"
WHY WON'T YOU PEOPLE JUST DIE?
BECAUSE
Because plot armor
I love this show
he gunna kill us awl
05,15Boom
:O
13he did it
LOL
oh shit
Garrus_Vakarian:lyra wants to watch too
wat?
Icuras nooooooooooooo!!!!
00,02dat song
pokemon anime music
RAGE!!!!!!!!!!!!
ICARUS!!!!!!!!!!! NOOOOOOOOO
Fajita!
XD
THAT'S BULLSHIT
That BASTAAARD!:[
00,02flutterchu, wasnt that from pokemon stadium
sonicandmario85: I don't want her getting hurt
Phase4: and anime
00,02ah
XD
ow
Phase4, Route 1 Pokemon Red
dat song
Phase4: i remember it was from the show
:D
Or Blue
welp, this is a low point in my life
Phase4: anime
dat ass
00,02Polydunami, yes :P but that spesific version of it
Well, I guess go.
*si
What about Yellow? :(
SO
mr spock
Garrus_Vakarian:she wont get hurt SHES INVINCIBLE SHE SURVIVED THAT EXPLOSION NO WOUNDS
05,15dat star trek
¨He's twiiting: The pain is over 9000
Goddammit, typoed twice
SUck it Spock
incoming song
enope
dick move
Vegeta's like "....wat"
Well, Nappa is the one who killed all of their friends.
05,15Seems legit
really really really sorry
hes trolling...
TROLLING
And he REALLY feels terrible.
One Piece music!
HA!
here we go
Not because of killing, but...
i havent
TROLL NARRATOR :D
di havent
WAIT!
I did
THERE IS MORE!
05,15Is that Little Kuriboh?
I haven't not seen this series already
WAHOO!
Best part
THERE IS MORE!
:D
Seriously, the WHOLE series is 3.5 hours long
fluttercry - pretty sure
Vegetaa....... VEGETAAAAA......... Im haunting you
ARE WE THERE YET?
/me YFW you notice the video progress bar
Are we there yet?
Vegeeeeeeeeta
Im haunting you :3
gotta grope dem dragon balls
dat voice XD
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOo
Ghost Napa XD
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Vegeeeeeeeeeeeta
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
ghost busters lol
:D
HA
GHOST NAPPA!
"Is this thing on? Ahem, you're now imagining all the horrible things Zarbon did to you while unconcious. Have fun with that..."
Who you gonna call?
GHOST NAPPA
I love this
vageeta veetageeta
GHOST NAPPA!!!!!!!!!
Ghos nappa!
I really REALLY do
2,14 try not to spoil things before they happen :P
GHOST NAPPA!!!!!!!!!
GhosT nappa!
GHOST NAPPA!
Best running joke here
GHOST NAPPA
geeeta
good night everypony
Caramel: I'm SORRY but it's so damn funny :P
TGWTG!
brb gonna get some water hoping to see season 2 when i get back
Of course
dynamo2814 good night
derpy is perfect for credits
XD
*flys in to rocks*
:)
13previously on general hospital
seriously this cannot fail to bring me a smile
YES MOA
05,15I've never seen DBZAbridged
I forgot to add some TRIVIA: DBZ Abridged got acknowledge by TGWTG.com!
tMoar even
05,15I liek it
And the brain damage.
SEASON 2
and the...DAMMIT CK|GW2
a duh bwain damwage
that town looks like that one place from kimba the white lion
And the brain damage.
AND THE BRAIN DAMAGE
otakon: <3
....Shit. OH GOD.
San Gaku
dat dramatic lightning
OH GOD
O_O
time to sleep, Night everypony
THAT FLASHBACK
night Dovah
HES GONNA RAPE YOU
lol
0___0
GET HIIM AWY FROM ME!
Mr.Popo
:D
BAAAAIII!
lol
MR POPO TROLL
mr po po
....did that cat just talk?
byyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyye
05,15Mr. Popo looks like the Shoop Da Woop face
SHUT UP MAGGOT
:O
Mr. Popo is scary as hell
damn ad
flutterchu: PRETTY much
fluttershy:the shoop da woop face wa sinspired from him
HA
ah dammit
trolololol
walked right into that one
suddenly, Pinkie Pie
Bulma
PINKIE
flutterchu: sorry, i derped
Bulma
lol pinkie pie
PINKIE PIE <3
Bulma
lol
You so random
SHES A GYPSY
and :O
and then she killed millions
CRITICAL FAILURE
FAIL
Get on the carpet with the scary genie.
fluttercry: pretty much like him
The gallon.
05,15dat pinkie
the soal
the soul
PINKIE!
that pinkie
PINKIE PIE!
Bacon Toast?!
MAKING TOAST
makin toast
Butterin toast!
BUTTERING TOAST
XD
Butter And Toast!
Pinkie's in your show, interrupting.
Pinkie is Mr. Popo
nommin toast
05,15POPO
No, it just knows better
popo
POPO
We're one step away from LOOKING AT US
jupiter...
it took like seconds
pooooooooooopoooooooooooooooooo
to get to JUPITER
POPOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
YOU
dat aqua teen reference
The only thing left is that Pinkie would look at us......
except
this season
I has returned! :D
YOU
Garrus_Vakarian: Handbanana
wb Ponies47
otakon: almost
Tonight.........you
wb Ponies47
Fun fact: ChiChi's voice here is Ms Fortune from skullgirls :3
I want my name to be spahgetti
BITCH
Thanks otakon and thelonepony :3
BITCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LET HIM DO WHAT HE WANTS
thank you
05,15I never watched much DBZ but from what I gathered, Death was merely a speed bump
and then RAGE
so what is this video called
SHUT YOUR FUCKING FACE
fluttercry: yeah pretty much
THANK YOU
OOOOK
fluttercry: Yep.
PINKIE
She learned from the best his mom
dat acrobatic Pinkie
abrony: TFS Dragon Ball Z Abridged Full Seaon 2 on Youtube
I want my name to be Spahgetti.
damn moonspeak
fluttercry: Death meant nothing to them
:D Hey, ViVi can talk to it!!!!!
Pisswasser
BGM: Premonition of a great Adventure
lol where is VI?
what did he say?
"ich bin gefüllt with pisswasser". lol
Clam it chowder heads
2,14 I'd rather not insult Violet's lovely ears with gutter talk :P
that's the BGM
...Good point, Caramel
popo
Caramel: true but I'd like a translation
popo
cloning is good.
XD
Dat Goku.
Shizuka: can you translate?
He said Bacon :3
HES STILL FOAMING
LadyCanary|wubwub: I'll take it
bacon
What a surprise, a woman who doesn't know any better.
13it said it like rainbows and butterflies
2,14 Hey now, no one insults the ladies of Bronystate. Even when done as a parody quote
ded
fluttercry, not quite. The only way to bring the dead back to life is by bringing the Dragonballs together to summon the dragon and wishing them back to life. However, the Dragon can never grant the same wish twice (meaning that the dragon can not bring someone to life who it has previously revived). Furthermore, the dragonballs become inert for a year after the dragon was summoned and can't even be found.
BRB shower
Caramel: you are right.
TAKE THE PILLS
Caramel:i think he meant one of the ones in this show...
NOW
OWNED?
well that was dark
ded ded ded ded ded ded ded and ded
mass suicide, yay
NO eyes
....Hawt.
The balls are inert. :P
:D
05,15I heard a german swear!
nazie toliet
THE TOILER KEEPS SCREAMING AT ME
Goddamn cocktease
Screamin' Toilet
....
Seems legit
PLANET NAMEK
legit
fluttercry: well considering its a toilet...
Seems Legit
po po
Seriously WHY did Bulma walk around in her dainties?
FAKE
a toilet that screams in gemran. somebody needs to build that
HALF LIFE 2 SOUND EFFECT
FAKE PLANET NAMEK
Dark_Horst: FUND IT
/me 13slaps krillin
otakon: Fanservice.
Dat's racist
OWNED COUNT, please update
otakon: FANSERVICE
otakon: The question is: Why not?
AJIsAwesome: no that wasn't fan service, exspecially for DBZ
stoopid
inb4 they're not suspicious at all.
it's SPACEKATAZ
Nameka's
....seems legit
Now HERE is an ATHF reference
I dunno why..........but sometimes Bulma upsets me SO MUCH
What episode are you guys watching?
brb need a drink
otakon: Besides, Ripley was walking around in loungerie in first Alien - possible ref
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Animation: Terminator Vs. Twilight Sparkle
SirGanjalf: true might be that
SPACEKATAZ!!!!!!!!!!!
no what are you stupid?
Inject this man with some SCIENCE!
WITH DELICIOUS MEDICAL SCIENCE!
:3
SirGanjalf, I was thinking that too. But then again, Ripley only walked around in her underwear after all the other humans died. She was only in her underwear when she was preparing to go back into cold-sleep at the end.
GODDAMMIT NAPPA
Ghost nappa
hey there everypony!
his heartrocket is skyrating
6More butlers? ^^
First.......we'll heal the patients, and then............THE WORLD
His heart rocket is skyrating
2,14 hello allegr0
DAMN NAPPA
Hi, Allegr0. :)
hiya Allegr0 we're watching DBZA Season 2
:O Hiya Allegr0!
i was lat
late
2,14 join us in watching allegr0!
Allegr0: We were looking for you during BFF. :(
I am Caramel :P
AJIsAwesome: I know :(
2,14 yay!
Hiya Allegr0
Which is you're favorite internal organ?
Kui
otakon: My liver
AJIsAwesome: we tried to find you guys, but were were going back and forth all day staurday, and sunday was 16 hr drive part 2 :P
Nappa's
05,15My lungs, though they don't seem to return my affection
GODDAMMIT NAPPA
nappa!!!!!!!!!
Allegr0: Okay. We even had a sign.
MONTHS
AJIsAwesome: :(
forever
13dem hl2 effects
while we take your ship
Allegr0: What events were you at, though?
OH GOD NOOO Shizu ;3;
AJIsAwesome: well, for next year you'll definitely be seeing way more of us!
can't wait for hl3
MONTAGE INCOMING
Allegr0: Okay. :)
Kandarihu: Wasn't she also dressed like that after waking up from cryo-sleep? Anyway, may be a ref or just a fanservice as well.
PERFECT TIMING
that music
*might
MONTAGE!!!!!!!!!
MONTAGE
brb need a drink
DONT CALL ME NEEDY/hello everyone (agian)
05,15Well, I'm going to go watch John Stewart. Later everyone!
we'll bang, okay?
Ni ni fluttercry
fluttercry: Bye! :)
stong vuskers
13ew r63 rarity
Schwanschtuckers
DAT R63 Rarity
Caught
AJIsAwesome: on saturday we were going to go to a lot, but because of the lines we could only go to the PonyKart Q&A, costume contest (front row there :D ) and a few quick chats with some staff and guests
dedm eyes
AJIsAwesome: as you knew the lines were a bit gross
r63 rarity?
RARITY
derp
rule 63?
r63 Rarity= Elusive
^
SirGanjalf, yeah. I guess she just strips down to her underwear for Cryosleep. In any case, Kami's ship uses FTL, and doesn't require the crew to go into suspended animation.
godnight everypony hope you all have a great time :)
night DJ_POn-3
rarity <3 rariness
just a dream
see ya DJ_POn-3
*must contain joke*
D:
:O
I'll say
lol
wat?
13BRRRRRRRRRM
The horror...
oh gog
ill say
POPO
ah...
Rarity just randomly sprouting wings there
WHAT__?
brb gonna take a shower
+Allegr0: goodnight :)
Show me your warface!
00,03Night y'all~
goddammit
Ah yeah, i remember that planet.
also, incoming eck
blues XD
night sexy....er...I mean Scoot-Scootaloo
Hi guys :)
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Hi cachi01|phone
sonicandmario85 no bluegrass
:|
CHA LA HEAD CHA LA!!!!!
Did you hear about what happened to some arma III developers?
AIAIAIAIAIAIAAAAAI
+SPARKING
cachi01|phone: arrested for espionage
/me makes his DBZ pose
cachi01|phone: Yeah, they were arrested in Greece
Eeyup
damn that's a long scream
and i return with chicken alfredo :$
Espionage....
Wut da fuq
Ahhh, male Twilight:O
pokemon gotta catch em all
Not even Pinkie Pie could do a longer scream WAIT---AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
Dusk!
hey it's Midnight something
no not the german toilet
that's it'
2 points!
space barn
Btw im getting a new pc in 3 months. So no more cachi01|phone!
owned
BOOOOOOO
Boooooooo~
oh twiguy
PERFECT TIMING
ba dum tss
11
otakon1 which one?
yyyyyeaaaahh
:D
inb4 Dusk Shine
dat face
thelonepony: Twilight teleporting in during the owned count showing up
/me hugs the real Twilight Sparkle
OHMYGOD GET IN THE CAVE
EVEN in DBZ abridged, Bulma annoys me
reading on top of a youtube video pfft
"change" he says
ewww
sure
intermission
INTERMISSION
that intermission
intermission
lobby music XD
PREMONITION
damn you all are slow
dat intermission
otakon: he changed the interior of the cave :S
lag
Spectrum_Rush: eeyup
Stupid Internet. :|
WHITE WASH SPECIAL
BGM Premonition of an adventure
OH GOD IT'S EVERYWHERE
Dusk Shine Returns!
Did I miss anything?
there is now white stuff in duh cave
.....
...
:D
dafuc old man XD
00,02and back, did i miss much?
:D
can you speek up im not wearing pants
For Shizzle master Rizzle!
lol
shit be whack yo! :D
dat Popeye music
duck shine rainbow blitz bubble berry rariness applebuck butterscotch | twilight sparkle rainbow dash pinkie pie rarity applejack fluttershy (all dem names)
calling it now inb4 Rainbow Blitz Berry Bubble Butterscotch and Applejack
krillin?
Goku = popeye
Krillin
I MEAN DUSK
I'm OK.
okay YOU all must be behind now
twily <
My mother's dead
D:
My mom is ded XD
ewww
handbook
DAT SAIYAN HANDBOOK :D
flutterchu: R63 Applejack is still Applejack, Applebuck is R63 Applebloom
DAT HANDBOOK
SEEMS LEGIT
DESTROYED
kaboom
XDDD
death
ded
DED
lol he ded
DEEEEEEEEEEEDDDDDDDDDDD
I seem to have gone off premature
dafuq dusk sparkle?
ah yes Zarbon
We'll find out more in the next Dragon Ball Z
Yush
:O
LOL
so goddamn ambigious
wut
ewwwww
/me Returns
hm hm hm hm hmh mh mh
otakon: Chuck? :S
wb Ponies47
Lol
oh my no
ZARBON.........that's a harder name to remember than Seto Kaiba
RIGHT NOW
13so many r63 desktop ponies
13and no caramel
Shizuka: eeyup
wax on or wax off
dat Aussie accent
Whacks on.....whacks off
But I haven't even...yeah like me!
Dusk get out of there!
lol
ACDC be damned
you havent seen an aussie accent yet :S
:p
Freaky Alien Genotype
THAT THING'S A GUY?
My exact reaction as a child, Krillin.
QUACK
a the majestic space duck
quack
13space duck
Space duck
:D
00,02dat male twilight
LadyCanary|wubwub: my same reaction
space duck :D
QUACK. QUACK.
Such a Majestic creature
QUACK
holy crap
SPACE DUCKS
00,02traveling improv group
Odd did I miss the voice change of Frieza's?
What a majestic creature.
QUACK QUACK
Space duck what a majestic creature
quack quack
LadyCanary|wubwub: That was my reaction to Frieza.
QUACK QUACK
dbz abridges awesome
Ohai gais
hiya GabeMoist
Dodoria!
With gusto.
school really keeps me from getting on here as much
gusto be with you
you criminal scum
I never knew Frieza was a guy because of the VA voicing him. :D
AJIsAwesome: and the way he talks.....
oh look more baby seals
the counting
BABY SEALS
100
Over 1006?
hiya RD!
hehehe
i miss this place
dat Blitz
DAT R63 RD
RAINBOW-------dash?
12
13yeah well
rainbow Blitz!
13TITTY SPRINKLES
get em
12
Shizuka: 4
oh my
Mmmmm mmm, Shizu. I love me some titty sprinkles.
I love this BGM
13with ice cream
QUACK
yay normal rainbowdash
why is that rainbow dash a colt :D
O hai RD
RAINBOWWW
YES PLS
Desktop Ponies on parade
the plan is quack
QUACK
13dat scoot
00,02double rainbow
all the scouters are destroyed
dem TF2 death sounds
k
Dodoria kill them
RD~!
If we could get a Sonic Rainboom from both of them, that would be great. :D
TF2 needs scouters
DAMN
Well. Shit
3 of them.......1 of you
;O den duh music
AJIsAwesome: it would destroy it
MILF
^
O_O
MILF
6^^
DAT ACRONYM :D
wat?
oh wait....3 against 2
goddammit
....
MILF ALERT!!!!!!
XD
MILFTW
yes Bula's mom is attractive
kitty in background
Muffin Button
MUFFIN BUTTON
At the G-....
I always thought that cat was permanently attached to his body. :D
/me is smacked
Rainbow Blitz ?
AJIsAwesome: no it just hangs on him
otakon: I know. :D
lowd fwezah
ZARBON ENOUGH OF THE DOUBLE ENTENDRE'S!
Zarbon is SASSY
NOOOOOO!!!
dead
Blitz and Dash are getting a lot of screen time lol
D:
that's we have a wingboner
:(
OH snap
and snap
D: why? :'(
DID I SEE A SONIC RAINBOOM?
Well that's one Rainboom.
death
da.......
Fuq
We need one more.
that shouldn't have worked though since THEY HAVE NO BONES
Dark92Whatever:yes
"That wasn't part of the deal" "and pray I don't alter any further"
FUCK THE STREAM
FALCON
dat kick
My name is AMIGO TOYOTA......Anyway...YOU KILLED MY FATHER
quack
QUACK *flee*
QUACK
Did I just get hit by a bowel cut?
QUACK
What a majestic creature...
MUFFIN BUTTON!
dat quack
i belive that was the space duck
muffin button
MUFFIN BUTTON
abrony: no shit :D
that's Derpy
lol
I can see it now
00,02THE AWESOME BUTTON
RD ASLEEP
6_9
:D
Wink wink
it's cappuchino
also THAT ERALLY HAPPENED in the show
Muffin 4 derpy
Dark92Enigma RD asleep with Caramel. Actually.
Well that was quick
The start button.
The staaart button
otay bye now!
Dr. Briefs didn't want Goku to go yet bc the coffee machine wasn't installed yet.
wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
bye Eulshy
Eulshy: Bye! :)
don't touch the start button OH HE DID IT
:D
XD
WHAT HAS SCIENCE DOOOON
He just had one job...
dem muffins
HESGOING IN THE SUN
Where'd you get that muffin?
Looks like Goku's blasting off again*ding*
Hm. A sammich and a bear sounds good.
Muffin Button
Muffin button!
I love that bit
duh muffin button
Muffin button derpy approve
From Derpy
Derpy must have.
00,02XD
otakon: what happened? the button thing?
MUFFIN BUTTON IS CANON
Dark92Enigma: Muffin Button
It's simple: Derpy's flying around.
I liek his.moustache
also I can see this being done with Derpy as Goku
otakon: OF COURSE
duh epic music
CHA LA HEAD CHA LA
ai ai ai ai ai
BRUSH YOUR TEETH!
SPARKING
..... I like the spanish versión better
:O
/me Does DBZ pose again
ENOUGH OF THE INNUENDOS AND DOUBLE ENTENDRE'S ZARBON!
/me does the Genu Force pose with Dark92Enigma
cachi01|phone: a mi tambien
he caught up
quack!!!!!!!
QUACK!
YES THEY WILL
FLUTTERSHY!
Fluttershy HELP KRILLIN!
quack qauck to live
Ah dammit!
I saw a naked Frieza
that blinded Dodoria
Lil
otakon frieza is always naked
Lol
otakon: even she knows that Krillin is gonna get OWNED
Can not unsee
Well look at you Veggie
'SUP BUBBLEGUM
Vege...
DAT R63 Fluttershy
8=======D :O
Flutterguy
00,02XD
she...
Butterscotch!!
abrony: -__-
smashed
/me facehoofs
Butterschotch ?
:D dont kick me
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Fluttershy R63
2,14 don't break the rules then
OH OF COURSE FLUTTERGUY
that's legit
Wait
i didnt read the rules :|
otakon i know that i didn't know they got add to desktop ponies
Nice aiming dugong
XD
abrony: Then go read them.
abrony: that was a rape joke
2,14 then we're not responsible for you breaking them
like a pink potato heada
GOODBYE ARMS
XDDD
IM A WOMAN.
ok ok ill stop :|
lol
2,14 you should be grateful I didn't time ban
:D
didnt know we were streaminf DBZA
otakon must be enjoying this
I blew up filthy monkey planet
Hello everypony . . . WTF am I looking at?
lol
POTATO BUBBLEGUM HEAD
wut
HE IS A WOMAN
abrony: Just go read them, then come back.
Wut
:O
WATH?
*GASP* Twitter reference
WAT
wat
WHAT????
/me dies
:O
00,02wat
Wat a tweest.
....
she is a women!
Hey Canadian_Brony
qut
little green
HE IS A SHE?????
hi Canadian_Brony
2,14 Freaky Alien Genotype
WWWWWWWWWHAT A TWWWEST
lol dat face
00,02weighing my options
Lamar wasn't a Lamar. She was a Lauren! :O
Beautiful AND fertile
That's racist, Krillin.
AND FERTILE?
also, HUUUUUHHHHH
Virginia! dont do it!
REPRESSING IN 5
:$
DO IT
ded
overkill!!
Ponies47: lol
ZERO
fluttershy?
aaaaaaand repressed
thelonepony: no kill like it
dat repression
thelonepony I'm sorry, what is that?
AND REPRESSED
I do not think I want to go in there
abrony: Read these. http://www.bronystate.net/rules/
super soaker
NOPE.avi..........she's dead
Super Soaker. :D
Damn it
lol
got it :D
OWNED
He wants to nestle in them.
lol
dey look lovley
You are just adorable
Pervert. :D
WHOA........
Great Stonking tits
dat skype
oH Myyyyyyyyy
ta ta.
bye SirGanjalf
Super Soaker is a water gun company. They made some damn good water guns, but then Nerf bought the company . . .
SKYPE
:|
AJIsAwesome:he doesnt know what boobs are
:D
the f*ck?
MONTAGE!
i thought it was my skype
THE F**K?
Rocky
XD
yay
XD
ROCKY!
sonicandmario85: I know. :D
:D
LOL
....
:D
Oh lord this is screwed up scene incoming
LAZYTOWN!
Canadian_Brony i thought nerf had always owned super soaker
I'm back from das showers
buffer
Dark92Enigma: You are a pirate! :P
wb Garrus_Vakarian
the Buffer Show
00,02everyday i'm bufferin'
erry day im bufferin
Is that BGM from Ren and Stimpy?
ninja;d -_-
NO!
OH WHY!?
WHY...there it is
it broken
Phase4: I know
Bronies rockin in the house toniiight!
hence -_-
I cant stop playing tf2...
there we go
good evening bronystate!
everypony gonna have a good stream
hiya HoodyNinja
moar buffer
HoodyNinja: Hi. :)
AJIsAwesome: :D That song
MOAR!?!?
poor Dende
hi Silver_Spoon
all the adoarbilness
Hello otakon and AJIsAwesome
Silver_Spoon dont even think about singing that shit.....
hello thelonepony
/me never liked Pony Rock
i like how on the rules it says no expliced content but the ad at the begining is porn :|
XD
and cachi01|phone : don't worry, I'm done
00,02why dont you find one and throw it into a sun
abrony: It's not the site, it's other sites advertising.
00,02get rid of ti
00,02it'
abrony::D
abrony: Trolololo
Phase4: bc THEY need them
abrony:if you dont wanna see it get adblock plus
00,02otakon, for what?
pinkie is floating on spike :O
Thats why i dont get adblock plus
Phase4: to wish back there friends ofc
Hawt ads
<- naked
MANE 6 -and Spike- ASSEMBLE!
Freeza <3
and caramel
Where's Applejack? :(
dat Ditzy <3
YES, AND CARAMEL
Buffer
We're going to hit Space Mexico
space mexico? :D
00,02otakon, at the cost of thousands of lives while others search with less than sinceer methods?
Space mexico FTW
AjIsAwesome: Isn't she a background pony?
cachi01|phone: /)
Und dann Derpy was part of the mane 6, intead of Applejack
Phase4: also to bring back those that were killed
Garrus_Vakarian: Oh, you. :P
place ALL the ponies :[
LET ME HEAR YOU SCREAM
Dark92Whatever ,(\
Phase4: Eeyup!
seapony lyra!!!
Is it WEdnesday alreadY?
SEAPONY LYRA
AjIsAwesome::$
Dark92Whatever: :[
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4643/
wat no applejack?
WHAT HAVE THEY DONE TO YOU LYRA?!
fullbody Seapony lyra?
Caramel: No Applejack? :'(
beastly
Well excuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuse me Silver_Spoon!
ITS THE LAST ROUND UP ALL OVER AGAIN
DAT PUBERTY
2,14 she doesn't have a sleep emote
I'mma rape ya bitch
jesus
00,02I'm gona headbut ya
I'M A RAPE YOU BITCH
zort
apples
Well that doesn't make any sense. :S
Apply directly to the forehead.
Jappleack
:D
I'm sensing a sever lack of Applejack
Caramel: even after the Sleepover episode
I find your lack of Applejack disturbing Caramel
LOOK BEFORE YOU SLEEP
00,02ponies!
Go sleep
good question
bye spike, hello AppleJack!
YES YES YES YES
2,14 I find your excess of complaining disturbing
Twilight never sleeps...only reads
that huttese
Caramel: well Twis not sleepin eithrer
English
:$
Lol
im gunna go to bed goodnight everypony
2,14 but it's at least an animation for it
Call me that again and Ill snap your neck
Remember........she can sleep....WITH EYES OPEN WIDE
night abrony
abrony: Night.
bye abrony
night abrony
2,14 whereas Applejack just stands
BIG GREEN!
Night abrony
Naaaaiiiiiiiil
POPO
Night abrony
GET IN HERE
lol
Popo lol
Kill it like the rest
lol
kill it like the rest
Und dann best Character
otakon: yes lord guru
Applejack sleeps standing up, with her eyes open >_>
always
here take it
Put it into the 1076 account
/me steals the TV
I'm about to misuse my hand upside your head.....
SHE READS ALL NIGHT
Krillin might be useless, but at least he tries
I need an adult TT_TT
LadyCanary|wubwub: not yet
/me 13ist an adult~
Lol
it wasn't that much
/me holds onto Shizu
WE NEED A SONIC SAYS
lol
Shizuka: O.O
/me 13drapes a blanket over canary canary~<3
lol
but he sounds disappointing
13you ponies are just jealous
ohai
otakon: it*
Pretensious Prick
SUPERKAMIGURU
:D
sup
SUPERKAMIGURU
XD
Shizuka: then we need A SONIC SAYS......you know which!
2,14 I am only jealous of vivi
:D
Nail
2,14 because vivi > everything
Shizuka:im not jealous
Superkamiguru allows this
SUPERKAMIGURU
SuperKamiGuru allows this
13vivi ist wub
and the body
13all of the wub
/me Face turns green in jealousy "No I'm not" <_<
Shizuka: ALL of them?
where ist Vivi... : (
Why is he obeying a short freezer?
Pretensious Prick...don't wear it out
allows this, SUPERKAMIGUR does </yoda>
No i'm NOT JEALOUS
13she ist still having hard drive problems i think :<
2,14 vivi is out in the Deutchsland meadows picking flowers and painting pictures
like a ma'am
13and making the sounds of music
Caramel: STALKER!
Lol
2,14 Zhe hills are aliiiiive, with zhe sound of muuuuuuuuuuuusicks
Minion43
XD
Can we gather all the dragon balls and with Vivi a new hard drive?
poor Minion 43
2,14 we need to convince her to record herself singing that song
Private Mydol
dammmmmmmmmmmmn
*wish vivi
Caramel: agreed
except for Yamcha
wat?
:D
waxed off all the things
Kaioken
what?
kaioken
waxed off his monkey :D
KAI O SAMA
Hadouken
freakin' weeaboo
Silly Yamcha, it isn't K.O. Ken
XDDD
lol
:D
XD
leg twitch
hym hym hym
Probe him
my power is maximum
5 minutes gone and sudenly ponies
Dis abridged is awesome
he's playing DBZ
DRAGON, I WISH FOR MORE WISHES!
I <3 Bronystate
dat tenkaichi
tenkaichi
what?
jyuices
juices
-_______-
.-.
:D
O.O
YES
Ghost Nappa
dat nappa
nappa
have fun!
lol
Ghost Nappa!!
Nappa is best troll
lol
Troll Nappa
Nappaaaaaaa!
Nappa is fantastic
Napaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
dem Ginyu's
DIS
SPACE SKYPE
Space Skype
BEST SCENE
How is THAT a thing?
Space Skype! :D
inb4 coconuts
well well well, its nott everyday you see Caramel put 8 ponies on the screen :P
Lol
Space Skype is the hypest! :)
2,14 reminiscent of when I started that tradition :P
oh no that minion died
Apul
..........
raspberry shnaps
13http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ma78r95vzN1r7hzj3o1_1280.jpg
Hhahahahagagqgggahha
what's up pony_320196?
00,02TOAST
hi Shizuka
HNNNG!
Shizuka: makin' toast!
pony_320196: Hello.
trying to change name
:D
that's adorable
wow that coversation
:D
XD
Not just toast. It buttered toast.
QUICK GRAB MY BALLS
:D
SO MUCH INNUENDO
Sweetiebot toaster mode
/me has ceased functioning, due to dawwww
pony_320196: Use /nick.
coconuts
2,14 damn your adorable picture shizu, the downloading window overlapped the stream :P
:D
I love this show
lol
13you're welcome
Shizuka: BUTTERIN' TOAST
2,14 <3 shizu
/me has rebooted
13sorry i said it wrong... ahem
13YER WEEEELCOOOOOOOME
Thank you Shizuka
2,14 hahaha
Dive! Dive!
Shizuka: thanks for the yay
Hey vageta I a be your spirit animal!
Ah yes, DBZ Abridged
lol
6Hey ^^
2,14 we all live in the yellow vegirine, yellow vegirine, yellow vegirine
space verizon!
Buytoast: MAKIN' TOAST!
Caramel: LOL
hittinf the hay
Lol
night Derpy_Hooves sleep well
night Derpy_Hooves
2,14 gnight derpy
don't break anything
goodnight Derpy_Hooves
Squwe
Ni ni Derpy_Hooves
Squee
00,02eeeeeeeeeeeeee
EEEEEEEEEEE
night Derpy_Hooves
Goku got giddy
nighty night Derpy_Hooves
SQUEE
Stop startin'!
hi ale
DAMMIT
it's fake
Cya Derpy_Hooves
g'night Derpy_Hooves
hi Allegr0
dat callback
biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
click brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
From one Derpy to another
:D
How the HELL did he even do that?
oh my
OH MY
oooh mai
oh my~~~
ohy may!
XD
oh mai
Damnit takei!
dat Takei
Takei
:D
OH MY
00,02XD XD
/me is now dead from oxygen loss
Sooo... someone was trying to go downstairs, but there was a Cure clone just standing at the top of the stairs not moving so I go into buy mode and move him out of the way myself and then another Cure clone comes up the stairs and just stands there not moving...
?
Allegr0: Were you able to make it to any of the events you posted on Bronystate?
/me gives otakon rescu breathing
but that works too
I can breath again
haha
but that works too
:)
Lol
AJIsAwesome: some, but the lines were really bad
SONOFABITCH
Sonofabitch!
sonovabitch!
Allegr0: Okay. Thanks.
ewwww puddles of
I have about 7 right now I think :P
Ohai Allegr0
curddled
AJIsAwesome: like if the panels were back to back, we were pretty much screwed
6xDD
XDD
Allegr0: Oh, wow. :O
YES DBZA :D
i still think you should keep cloning them until the game crashes :P
Allegr0: Were you at least able to get any souvenirs?
Hi there, I'm taking your dragonball
I drive it hard
You can't smell body glitter. Can you?
6xDDD
ofc Bulma is enamored
AJIsAwesome: but it's all good, we got some hands-on with people randomly, so we got lucky :P
DAT INNUENDO. :D
and 69, 70
so much, text, i can't keep up
AJIsAwesome: nah, we focused on coverage all weekend
6How /do/ you clone them come to think of it? o.o
lol
Allegr0: Okay.
Raep
no rape jokes
seriously, no rape jokes
ewww
:D
There's a chair thing that you can download, they sit on it and a clone appears
the controversial jokes are always the funniest
KILL IT WITH FIRE!
Kill it with Fire!!!! :D
This sounds F.A.G.
00,02punch
i want that chair irl :O
:D
One. Punch.
burn burn with fire
/me kills it with fire
me too c:
6:O
6xD
And a Cure
Pawnch
Silver_Spoon: actually no, they cut the scene
ah yeah lol
oh God
:D
NO HOMO
no homo
:D
boom!
What the..
>_><_<>_><_<
No homo.
No Homo
GabeMoist: ALL THE HOMO!
WHY MUST CURE NOT BE REAL???? D8
I FUCKING LOVE HIM
guys . . . I'm 15. I'm not supposed to know what that means yet
vegeta y u so gay
i saw a bird...it was pretty...kick its ass...
no homo >_> <_< >_>
XD
6If I used that chair I'd probably drive my mom and my friends crazy.. x)
taht YGOTAB joke
stop with the gay jokes, cum on guys
XD
dat face
XD
:D
Oh Guru.
:D
Did somepony screencap?
Canadian_Brony: Screen cap what?
nvmd
dat rubber ducky
Canadian_Brony: sadly lno
lyras rubber ducky So cute! <3
/me was in a good mood
6Gah..I only have about an hour left.. ._.
I'm just
THat's Vegeta! :D
yeah
saiyan
00,02olololo
lolololololol
DOHOHOHO
[
WAKA WAKA!
who else but Vegeta?!
wakkawakka
*rimshot*
Everybody loves vegeta ;)
Pac-man
http://www.oddsim.com/the_sims_objects/electronics.html There's where I got it o3o
Inb4 bitch rant
lol
Cool stuff there
Dat Quenn
Dont stop me now
both singing
what the
6:O
can't stop me noooow~
*Queen
Oh my. Deus Ex 1 them on accordion.
I'm having a good time, I'm holding a ball!
Should be new intermission song.
well more of a barren wastleland
:D
only on fire
SPACE HULU
00,02space hulu
lol
space hulu
Space [Blank]
hey yo wuts up everypony
/me uses space hulu
thwartin' my plans?
Sometimes you can talk to the clones but sometimes you can't
hiya scout19_tf2
scout19_tf2: Hi :)
I prefer hulu of the cth variety
6Doesn't that 'Beam Me Up Teleporter' already exist in the game?
6o.o
0_o
I am an adult
a watch that tells time? PREPOSTERMOUS!
CUE SONIC SAYS!!!!!!!!!
I need adult I am a adult
BAD TOUCH
Hey scout19_tf2
/me needs an Adult
lol
take that
/me is an adult
i need a adult
creepiest scene in the show
I should see what happens if I have someone invite their clone on a date XD
I love vegeta in this scene...and in every scene <3
/me Spectrum_Rush I am a adult
00,02that was well written
^
6Aa,ok nevermind..Just bothered to read the description xD
so am I :S
lol
6o.o
I love the Bitch rant
Lol
:D
My cat won't get off of my lap ;_;
ya done?
so much bitch-out
Ponies47: pet it
Ponies47: pet her and LOVE HER.
pet the kitty :3c
ah
dat sqeeking
INCOMING BEST PART EVER!
just gonna stand there and watch me cry but that's alright because i love the way you lie/HELLO EVERYONE
Ponies47 pet her and look like a bad guy boss
*squeaking
I LOVE THIS BIT
/me Has been petting her
it's not here
Theytookthedragonball...
oh shit
:D man i love this series
oh yeah just watch, the FUNNIEST SCENE EVER
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
G2G goodnight everypony :)
:D
nappa
/me He took the Dragon ball~
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
all dem ponies
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
dat rage
cachi01|phone: Night! :)
night cachi01|phone
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaa
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
:[
g'ngiht cachi01|phone
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH
I FELL That
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
fueled by the rage of a thousand suns
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
and then spam occured
/me feels that
Dem feels
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
what is that?
:[VEGERAGE
:D
LEAVE ME ALONE
dat aaaahhh spam :3c
:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[
all the noise
LEAVE ME ALONE!
Is that my WIFE? LEAVE ME ALONE, YOU ALREADY TOOK THE KIDS WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhH!!
lol
daddy?
:[ AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH :D
Daddy?
trunks
run bald man run
still?
daddy?
:D
The doors on there are awesome
Even into the future
Seriously now THAT is a scream
:D
So He can Touch you
20 years and he's still yelling?
lol
I need an adult?
lol
0_0
ewwww
0_0
:D
well, Canadian_Brony not still, the sound just got there. altho thats impossible since theres no sond in space
Silver_Spoon I am a adult
Im not :3
...
twilight_sprinkle ah, whatever. That was funny and that's what matters.
It got quiet
>die
poor minions
we r goin to die
Can you remove some of those ponies? They're kinda distracting
do we still get kicked when we mention what movie is playing friday?
eeyup
JusticeKoro: GET OUT!
Hi.
:[
Excellent.
Hey pony_666404
Silver_Spoon, you mean Fight Club?
lol dat Guru
Silver_Spoon: F!ght Club
oh god dammit
6:O
:P
0_o
YES
lol
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Simple PMV: Join the Herd // Pendulum Ponies II // Happiness //
I finally found an IRC network directed to My Little Pony fans.
Naaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaail
0_o
I AM AN ADUUUUUUUUULT
wuts up pony 666404
Its your first time Ill be gentle
I AM AN ADUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUULT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LOL
Kandarihu: Spectrum_Rush : yeah, that one
I need an adult?
I'm a new "brony" as you say.
D:
I am AN ADULT!!!!!!
uuummm . . .
RainbowTank: well welcome
I am an aduuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuult
lol wha? :D
lol
I think your rage broke Vegeta
how many times were gohans secret powers released? 3 iirc?
Woah
dem bloodshot eyes
eyyyy
He snapped. XD
RainbowTank: Welcome to the herd and bronystate :)
SHUT UP GHOST OF NAPPA
Vegta went nuts!
aaaaaaye
EEEEEEH!
He lost it.
To the herd?
Dragonball. hand. now. please. ¬_o
0_o oh god
Redeye
dat bloody eye
Oh, like the "brony" community?
inb4 Fonz
oh no
I get it, lol.
Oh dear...
this cant be good
HA
RainbowTank: It's a saying that bronies use.
goddammit
I'm aware, I did a little research.
dat beating
pay him a beating
lol
RainbowTank: Ok :)
13hey vegeta
bipedal bitch
NAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIL. What does he want?
bipedal bitch
13stop startin
Who is your guys's favorite pony?
13ya slag
Lol.
oH snap
Shizuka: start stoppin'
Naaaaaaaaaaaaaaail
:D
lol
lol
lol
wow
I can hear it from here.
dem noises
OH GOD
SLURP
definently refering to Nailbait
Thank you Lord Guru
O_O
Sucks
:D
sucks doesnt it?
doesn't it?
lol
OH GOD
Nailbait
incredibly FLAMBOYOUT
how long is this video?
it's THEM
TOKUSENTAI
flamboyant power levels
HAHAHAHA
naaaaaaaaaail
flamboyant
TOKU SENTAI
OH GAWD
tell me the exact time
flutterchu: reeeeeal long
13maits
flutterchu: another hour or so
WERE HERE
00,02the what now
00,02XD
We're heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeere
Genyo force 5
were here<_<
maites
mites
flutterchu: it's the WHOLE SERIES SO FAR
POWERTHIRST
00,02BEER
13POWERTHIRST
Mites!
mmmm beer
creepy
00,02XD
Otherwise known as How Not TO Make A Power Ranger team.
POWERTHRIST
PLANTERS
:D
300 HOUNDRED BABIES!!!
Team Four Star Cola
fail
:D
wha . . .
I want some
400 babies!
:D
RICOOM!
dat ass
...
lol
sure is Zarbon in here
It sure is Zarbon in here
...
Zarbon: it's an adjective
0,14...Zarbon
Guys we should be ashamed we had a new comer and we really didn't make him feel welcome :<
hi SaxyPretender
Ohai Saxy
0,14FUCK ZARBON IN THE ASS WITH TWO FUCKING RUSTY POLES
glorious
ohai Samsa
SaxyPretender: -_____O
Tab fail :$
wuts up saxy
Ponies47 we have a new-comer?
Saxy: He'd enjoy that.
:|
....Why all that rage, Saxy?
hey
Recoome always refers to himself in third person
ohai SaxyPretender
8)
woah, woah, woah SaxyPretender
Recoome how I love his character
new comer who
SaxyPretender O______O
whats up?
Going to sleep now.
hi Samsa
JusticeKoro: he's my favorite Ginyu
See ya later
SaxyPretender: Repressed feelings
g'night Barbetos
Barbetos: Night. :)
nigth Barbetos
Canadian_Brony yes but he left :(
00,02what
00,02the
0_o
REPRESSING IN 5
00,02[bleep]
night barbetos
heya, hows it goin
BRB chat is derping
...
Ah yes, the Ginyu Force
sup samsa
Ponies47 and I didn't notice. Sh*t . . .
:D
dat chant :D
Back
WE ARE SO GOING TO DIE
Naaaaaail
do they still make dbz
I need your hellll
flutterchu: Don't think so.
I need your hel....
lol
Oh and hi SaxyPretender :3
I need your hehrehrhere
that name
AJIsAwesome: aiity then
XD
TEAM 3 STAR
good night everypony
gnight WildRepublicGuard
:D
GO TEAM 3STAR!
Night WildRepublicGuard
WildRepublicGuard: NIght :)
GO TEAM THREE STAR!
cya wildrepublicguard
Give It to ME
0_o
oh God
O_O
dis scene
Oh my
O_o
>rape
bitch at me later
ALL OF HER HATE
ALL OF MY HATE
Power Rangers
dem cartoons I never watched
Gohan has no childhood. :D
I have watched ALL of those shows
13not even sailor moon
boy, you're sheltered
Goddamit
god damnit!
I remember Sybersquad!
I HAVE WATCHED ALL OF THOSE SHOWS
/me watched several of those
I watched mostof them
oh fuck
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tattooed_Teenage_Alien_Fighters_from_Beverly_Hills
DAT DOUBLE TAKE
Son Gohan I am Dissapoint
kids these days with stupid cartoons
CK|GW2: I've seen all of them actually
I haven't watched any of thsoe
fucked
otakon: I have watched all of those except two
all the beeps
13WITH A GODDAMN PIG
SFX Bleep
dat swearing
lol
HoodyNinja: I've seen all of them
:D
hahaha
Silver_Spoon: wow, that's a thing?
Guildo is slowpoke
otakon: Indeed
Someone should make that a censor beep. :D
that was from Dragonball
he won't be missed
Dark_Horst: yup, and momma grew up watchin' it
0,14`also, hello to everyone >.>
hiya SaxyPretender
Hai SaxyPretender
00,02oh lol
XD
hello, again, SaxyPretender
dat oldspice :D
heya Saxy
I threw it
!
I'm on a horse...
and there isn't a damn thing you can do!
thats wut she sed
That's what she said
:D Krillin
dat punch
TF2 SOUNDS
^
uber saw sound ?
lolz
Seriously, Guldo can stop time
WHY ISN'T HE STRONGER?
Will you be a Sailor Scout with me, Shizu?
>///<
otakon: small lungs?
You wanna biscuit?
:D
13sailor wub <33
dat biscuit
DAT BISCUIT
Silver_Spoon: good point
:D
have a biscuit!
again
:D
BISCUIT
Sailor Shizu!
have a biscuit
:D
WHEEL OF DEATH
JOHN FREEMAN
O_O wha?
I love this game!
oh boy
oh, this is my favourite!
-u(\
ME
/me noms on popcorn
love this show
Lovely show
i love the Wheel Of Death! :3
We are.
have a biscuit everypony
lol dragon ball in background
In the name of wub, Shizu and I will punish you!
13<3
lol
Then who will be Tuxedo Mask?
00,02SPACE AUSTRALIA
lol Space australia
CALL MARLON
Space Australia is best England
Mike hasn't been talkin much lately .w.
00,02: D
13SPICE AUSTRALIA
HOW IS THAT A THING?
in Spice
Go Space Broncos!
in SPICE
lol
Spais Australia
in spice!
Space Austrailia..........IN SPIIIIIIIIICE
Space Broncos!
bankrupt!
Space Shela
Space Australia, Space Brisban, Space Ben "Yhatzee" Croshaw
RECOOME!
dat XLR
GET ON WITH IT
YES, GET ON WITH IT
REEEEEEEEEEEEEECOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM.
MEGAS XLR
goddammit I love Recoome
REEEEEEEEEECOOME
00,02i wonder how much of this was in the original show
RECOON
ciao
Phase4: alot actually
CIAO
00,02i'm betting its a nonzero amount
bye HoodyNinja
ZA WARUDA
otakon: :|
seeya HoodyNinja
bye HoodyNinja
00,02later HoodyNinja
13WRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
DON'T BLINK
/me throws dog treats at the reen guy
I WAS QUOTING THE SHOW!
oh
OW
Im not leaving :'(
lol Jojo's Bizarre Adventure :D
Mudamudamudamudamuda
SUMMON STEAMROLLERS
I wanna summon steam rollers
i'm Sowwy HoodyNinja
just so you know, im right here, im just not gonna be talking for a bit
and then Telepathy
:'(
Bitch this aint Jojos
13why can't i feel my everything
lol
lol-ed
YOUR JUST A HEAD
oh
decap
oh snap
DED
/me Throws dog biscut
i almost feel sad
a'www poor Guldo
DAT BISCUIT
:D
decapitation biscuit
lol
Well, he needs to get aHEAD in life.
I know
boom
:D
"I fucking hate you" "I know"
dat blooper
*boom*
lol
dat rant
this rant
is hilarious
WAIT
^
13and a hammah
WITH A GODDANM PIG
THAT WAS THE CENSORED RANT
They will never find your body
3 WEEKS
Not even enough room in the pod
hey look, the Spice Australian
wankers:D
What a shame...
otakon: WHICH ONE! my stream derped
13e1m1 is go
Dark92Enigma: Recoome
dat music
DOOM!
CUE MUSIC
ROUND ONE: FIGHT!
HELL YEAH
THE ROCK
RECOON V VEGETTA
DOOM music!
Is he a space wrestler?
Ginyu Force: TF2 Edition
otakon: Oh of course
yes Recoome is basically The Rock
Doom guy
SirGanjalf: kind of
THE ROCK
And Iiiiiiiiiiiiiii'm goina bed 8)
...Bloomin' slobbernocker?
yep, Petrified_Discord
night
GalacTV
dat 4th wall break
^
on so many levels
cya :)
Canadian_Brony: You ninja'd me. :P
:D
This guy's hammier than Shatner
And that makes him awesome
i wonder if theres a spike desktop pony
13BOOOOOOOOOOOO
JusticeKoro: but not BRIAN BLESSED, he's also this hammy in the actual show.
1 2 3 go
lol
:D
whaaaaaaaaat!????
SlobberKnocking: Playing pool and drinking beer in the mid afternoon
oh go TO hell1
:D da gt
it's true wrestling is fake
DAT GT
:D
SUCK IT JABRONI!
JABRONIES!
/me 13whistles~
YOU DID NOT!?...........Kinda true, but SNAP VEGETA, SNAP!
Jabrony?
Merchandising!
0_o
DAT FABULOUS POSE
lol
oh God
:D
...
XDDDD
wtf?
00,02XD'
dat vibrator
I'm back! And with an better internet router.
Space Balls the Flame Thrower!
13(jabronie was the rock's catchphrase)
:D
SPACEYS
It's good food. In space
Spacey's
Spaaaaaaaaaaaace/
what the hell is going on
Raditz menu? Sounds weak.
Okay
CK|GW2: lol
dance of joy
DBZ Abriged? Lol.
hi Garrus_Vakarian. I don't fucking know.
Also, good evening everypony. :)
AJIsAwesome: That is Rock's catchphrase........but it could work with an OC
Dance of Joy go
dat dance of joy
ughhh
Shizuka: I knew it before it was cool
Freeze
00,02why was that in the show
Canadian_Brony: :D
<3
KAMEHAMEMANIA
Back at 'Ya, Klumzeedragon.
splash
13THE PEOPLE'S ELBOW
Phase4: bc it's funny
00,02like in what context did that animation make sense
Phase4: because ridiculous characters
Klumzeedragon: Hi :)
hello Klumzeedragon
Phase4: which one?
AND NOW.........THE ROCK BOTTOM
00,02otakon, the dance of joy
Phase4: no idea
oh god
lol
Cooler
"The Daddy's Little Princess Dance"
oh gawd
AAAAAAHHH!
HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAA
13PILE DRIVAAAAAH
He he. How is every pony? :) Am I tuning into DBZ Abridged?
STONE COLD STUNNER
13BAH GAWD
pop
PILEDROIVER!
and that didn't do jack shit eitr
PILEDRIVEEEEEEEEEEEER
Ha.
hiya Klumzeedragon, pretty good and yes
Klumzeedragon: Eeyup.
YEEEEEAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!!
what a pun
like a
Raditz
OWNED
ba dum tish
00,02vegetta-vegtable
otakon: Boooooo...........
dat ass crack
dat crack
dat ass
hes ripped
Rikoo. Doom.
Because Vegeta = Vegetable
dat pose.
miss
If ya SMEEEEEEEEELLLLLLLLLL what REEEEEECOM IS COOKIN?
13oops~ my baaaaaad
Team 3 Star
boooooooooo u cowards
Shizuka: Derpy reference FTW /)
lol
DEAR GOD
*sigh* Oh WWE...how far you have fallen...
poor Krillin
his face!!!!!
12
one kick
How could he not have dodged that? :S
I WASN'T LATE
SPACE 4X
SPICE 4X
SPICE 4x
VenHur: ikr?
dammit
lol
Chi Chi will KICK MY ASS
ahhhhhhh
ooowwwwwww
there it is
Naaaaaaaail
Naiiiiiiiiiil
Naaaaaaaaaaaaaail
Naaaaaaaaaaaaaaail
Naaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaail.
VenHur: ONLY a few things are redeemable from it right now
Naaaaaaaaaaaail
0_o
Please dont leave me alone with him
I only watched the WWE just for a rare Undertaker apperance...and The Rock...
:D
Party Pooper
party poooooooper
dat singin
party pooper!
VenHur: that's the 1000th RAW episode
Damnit, what was that from?
I recognize it from somewhere
why are you still hereeeeee~
hes screwed
VenHur: it happened all of it in that night
Dat buffer
AJIsAwesome: What buffer?
It's probably only me.
:P Ah.
smak dat midget
fail quote
Ded.
ded
he dead
Lol, the old "My dad can kick your ass" speech
i just loved Jaces english Ausie voice in the english version
ded
where was that background music from?
GOHAN got owned: 1
ah yeah
twilight_sprinkle: id imagine the original show, perhaps
13muffin button
00,02capsule corp
HULK HOGAN!!!!!!
just like the old WWF
Aww yeah!
Where was Gondor, when Gohan died?
Shizuka: Yes please.
Sylandest: no the original didnt have music like that
Shit got real!
Shizuka *push*
not that I know what that is >_>
twilight_sprinkle: then buck if i know :$
GokuMANIA is Runnin' wild Brother! :D
Pffft, maybe, but are you a postman?!
FIGHT FOR THE RIGHTS OF EVERY MAN!
nope
push that muffin button
Muffin Button derpy approve
08,01i has a sad
failure to launch
dance of cheering you up
lol
08,01the stray cat that's been coming to my house for the last 7 years has disappeared
08,01i think she died
00,02:(
majestic space duck
:(
:'(
:(
:'(
quaaaaack
:'(
Cya everypony
QUAAAAAAACK
space Duck!
seeya DerpyMuffins
QUAAAACK
DerpyMuffins: Night!
:(
DerpyMuffins: Cya man. :)
<3
:'(
bye DerpyMuffins
look out here comes........some midgets dad
08,01HoodyNinja: she's too skittish
lol
dat dance
strike a pose!
08,01HoodyNinja: she came to the house to eat, and she'd sleep here most nights
lol
lyra, get off the stage!
]
08,01but ost of the time she'd be outside
dat phoenix down
racom apologizes
i love u dad
f*ck off
have a magic bean
f#ck off
the best
Canadian_Brony: The best!
mmm, dat bean
#RandomHashtags
13muffin button
lol
WANT
:D
NEED
muffin button
NAO!
Muffin Button!
wut
and he never uses it again
like I said
huh?
derpy button
Goku is Derpy
dat punch
:P muffin button 6_9
and down in one
sir.
BLEH
dat fat mans ass
lol
>once every thousand years
lol
:D
Batman
Nappa saves the day
>6 super saiyans by series end
lol
NANANANANANANANANA BATMAN!
Batman!
dat theme
xD
:D
nanananna dendey
:D
hey
NANANANANNANANAN DENDEY!
nanananananan dendey
Batnamekian
nananananananana BATMAN
Nananananananana, DEN-DEEE!
adam west as: Dende
naaaaaaaaaaaaaail
6Woos
Damnit, gotta go to sleep, but I love this show. XD
Naaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaail.
?
Goodnight all <3
Woos is right
Have a good day/night all
g'night LadyCanary|wubwub
G'night Canary!
night LadyCanary|wubwub
6xDD
Good night LadyCanary|wubwub sleep well :)
Nanananananananaaaaaaaaaiiiilll
LadyCanary|wubwub: Night! :)
lol
G'night, Canary.
Right ripsnorter
00,02night LadyCanary|wubwub
night LadyCanary|wubwub sleep well!
lol
/me dies
TECHNIQUE TECHNIQUE
dat seizure procedure
:D
Dat Sandstorm
JusticeKoro: it's a austrakian saying I think
FOAMING
6Woos is my version of woo :P *failplz*
13
seizure prosegure!!
haha :P
epic punch
1 punch
itz only half way
4
2
lol
PISS
:D
3
Yeah, I get that, but what's it referencing? A book, maybe?
4
AX BOMBER!
5
PISS!
13DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODGE
6 punch
:D
DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODGE
brb
"Always remember to-" *punch*
Press 5 to dodge
/me Yawns extremely loud
7.
damn ad
6Same..need to get ready..
Time for bed :3
7
Press X to not die
Press X to dodge.
g'night Ponies47
Good night everypony :)
night Ponies47
Ponies47: NIght :)
goku time
Cant touch this
night Ponies47 sleep well
dat goku tim
STOP
time
STOP! GOKU TIME
night Ponies47
Dis talk
Ponies47: Oh good night mate
:D
lol denny's
dat Denny's
Me too, Goku. Me too.
space dennys
A space grand slam
I wonder the same thing Goku
dat down sindrum
13spice dennys
grand slam?
I like that restaraunt
Oi Mate
DAT MOTIVATIONAL MUSIC
13awwwwww
13so sweet
aww
no homo
D'aaaaaaaaaaaaw
13welp time to ded
bromance
death NOA!
dammit, I think I owe someone a space soda
:D
dat bitch
/me Hugs everypony tightly
butter
Brotda noooooo!!!
Me best mate:(
Kitten!
/me was squeezed
: D
that freezer guy
Dat Goku face:D
lol
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
f********************************ck
FUUUUUUUUUU
dat MassEffect
00,02XD
Renegade for life!
00,02renegade interupt
[bleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep]
:D
lol
tetris!
tetris
Tetris?
Tetanus.
epic teabagging
Tetris!!!
LINE PIIIEEEECE!
silly gohan
jowels
Unassailable logic.
Silly Gohan:)
lol
6Back
Dende is the best in this show
that SLUT
good nite everypony
/me 6listens to the Bouncy Bouncy song in her head.
gnight scout19_tf2
later scout19_tf2
night scout19_tf2
scout19_tf2: Nite :)
don't go Vegeta on me
:D
13he died with a seapony lyra on his flank
:D
dat ass
:D
my poor sides
Marco.
08,01and i'm done with work for the night
dat Popo
08,01but i have no transport home, and i have a meeting in 5 and a half hours
08,01so i think i'll sleep in my office
8
AJIsAwesome! :3
Marco: :P
Iiinteresting!
08,01Canadian_Brony: i have a tilty high back chair
08,01if i put my feet up on another chair, it actually works quite effectively to sleep on
P'tahk
lol
naaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaail
Hey, it is morning here.
good evening everypony :)
g'nigh kirzstryfe
naaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaail
kirzstryfe: Hi! :)
lol
goodnight kirzstryfe
DAT INNUENDO
lol
naaaaaaaaaaail
I'm not supposed to know what this means.
lol
/me calls the number
Well, i gotta do some homework, later guys
seeya HoodyNinja
HoodyNinja: Be :)
*Bye*
bye HoodyNinja
dat guru :D
13YEAH
shit is about to get salty
fool
quiet chat suddenly
Yep :D
lol
Goku is best dad
O_____O
lol
00,02180000
that's . . . well
you knwo
*know
back
lol
oh
6Wb
13ohhhhh
ohhh.....
I fought a giant crab!
lol
:D
horny . . .
ready for what?
Purple and Horny
6School :P
oh gawd
:D
hows school for you c7?
2,14 -_-
kirzstryfe that's adorable
2,14 I am not a filly >: (
:D
kirzstryfe: DAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWW
head shape says otherwise <3
WILHELM
00,02XD
13followed by a soldier
that wilhelm
Daaaaaawww
and it's Caramel! That makes it funnier!
lol star wars :D
Wheeeeeee
/me hugs Caramel
6We started yesterday so we haven't done anything yet :P
well everypony i have to go
2,14 only because I'm in a good mod
/me hugs back
seeya Maid_RainBow
space pickles
Maid_RainBow: Bye :)
^_^
Space Pickles
6But somehow I have a bad feeling about this year..
night Maid_RainBow
Caramel Hug Count: 2
:D
hehe have to go to work ;)
Space Pickles
amazing :)
so my day will be hard
that's not good :P
Caramel I haven't a met a mod here who wasn't a "good" mod
6Indeed :P
13good?
kirzstryfe dem magazines
nope
13are you
2,14 ...wow...that was insulting
13suggesting i am good?
2,14 nm, read that wrong
lol
2,14 thank you :P
TheGreatAndPowerfulT, huh?
kirzstryfe val pic
I . . . umm . . . your welcome . . ?
lol
I've lost my own words now
6At least it's my final year,I guess.. :P
2,14 double negatives get me every time
yeah
14 they messed up...
awesome
See, double baco-OH SHIT
quad bacanator is the way to go
I think I'm understanding what I said now
6:P
"ArenaNet suspended first-party sales and retail replenishment on August 30—just two days after the game’s retail release—to catch up with record demand and to ensure that players who bought the game would continue to have the best online experience possible"
lol >.<
didn't know they had stopped sale on the game
i did
one million mommy kisses
seems they opened sales back up though
Kaio-what?
doobie doobie doo
6Wish I could sleep.. ._.
thats how i feel every morning :p
Shizuka that depends on your defenition of "good"
whats keeping you up?
6xDD
must wait until i get money anyway
Thank you sir may I have another
lol
which . . . I'm still trying to figure out mine
I just realized something. If Ginyu apparently has a habit of disgarding his old body whenever he finds one better, how much do you think he's gone through by now? And what did the original Ginyu look like?
what is this
so many desktop ponies
thegt90: DBZA
hi thegt90. I don't fucking know
MINE MINE MINE MINE MINE
6I slept from 7 to 11 pm and haven't slept all night..It'll probably take me a while to adjust to sleeping at more normal hours.. x)
lol
vegeta and piccolo make this series
and nappa
13favorite?
you spelt it wrong
lol
Favourit
DODGE!!!
SHIT
favourite
One does not simply pick favorite food.
with a U
Fay4it
fafourite . . .
lol
Lol.
:D
ribbit.
:D
Mr Frog!
ribbit'
Ribbit. Ribbit. Croak.
okay guys I'm off to bed I think
night all
g'night otakon
otakon: Night! :)
8/8
night otakon
Caramel: thanks for the awesomeness
bye!
2,14 no problemo, gnight
oh wait hold on
I can't yet
still downloading something
-_^
dammit I'm tired ...
13yoink
otakon can I have your tired-ness? I should be tired so I can sleep tonight
but I'm not
This gonna take some time...
protect my balls!
http://www.ebay.com/itm/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&item=140847100107
Opening
anyone ever play this game?
silly green slug peoples
I don't want to go to morning classes. :(
the bubbles tickle
lol
hehe, oww
nope
I am here
Hehe ow. Hehe ow.
0_o
lol
O_o
he says that in the show
just. like. that.
lol
But fun. :D
6I'm pretty sure I've played a newer game like that..I mean I'm pretty sure it had that little dinosaur guy in it..along with a blue one
How about a nap-pa?
that's my line
huha wo
hehe, oww
/me noms on otakon
O_o
/me kicks off kirzstryfe
well as fun as this, time to play some GW2
oh my
that Takei
Oh My
13OHHH MYYYY
OH MY
OHHH MYYY!
go to sleep otakon before we nom on you
/me lands on Shizuka and noms her tail
nes is such an awesome system
if only mica was around
that pile of arms
/me throws a muffin at kirzstryfe
6Never used it :P
wait a newer game?
eheheehehe
ahahaha
I don't get it
its pretty old lol
what?
6Sec,I'll go see the title :P
idk
inb4 Yipie Kay Yay, muthafucka!
Nail = Suddenly Badass
what!
13whatever~
/me glomps Canadian_Brony looking for more muffins
6Well I mean..new game from the same people :P
whatever
Oomph!
ohh
WHY ARE THEY DEAD?
Lol
Stop right there criminal scum?
lol
he brokehim
D:
6Ok,nevermind that.. I don't have time to take stuff out and put it back in atm.. x)
/me your face when we're only just half way done with the video
6I'll tell you at some point :P
/me gives a muffin basket to kirzstryfe
6Anyways..gtg!
how much longer
Spectrum_Rush O___________O
wat
peace
SuperBrony64: is a cow
imma go too
6See you guys!
inb4 moo
cya :D
Canadian_Brony: see that tiny red line at the bottom of the screen?... thats the youtube progress bar
"And the bitches."
Minnie the Moocher!
Spectrum_Rush I see it. But . . . half over . . .
oh boy
11,02I'm a cow? D:
later guys
it needs to be about 20% cooler/HELLO EVERYONE
He's a cow?!
11,02O.O Mooo
CALLED IT!
What do you want to bet they just used Klingon for the Nemekian language?
...I want to pet his head...
11,02o/////o
SuperBrony64 of course you aren't a cow.
lol
Lol
Superbrony64 I don't feel so good
11,02JRPhone: Sorry to hear that :(
JRPhone: Sorry to hear that too...
lol
at the show
david: aw seriously
JRPhone: Hope you feel better. :(
neeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeerd
I bout I just make me songs
dat clock
dat uncensor
lol
im gonna fucking kill you
Oh you motherf*ckaaaaaaaaaaaas
Dat red hair.
Get tuition
HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
and fail
lol
no wait
crap
what?
2,14 dat dick move
HHHHHHHHHHHHHHN
He killed himself
Someone has to be
O_O
O_O oh god popo
oh boy
POPO
suddenly Kami
pot
Oh god, it's...HIM.
pot
lol
YEAH Kami know how to party!
^
Sketch_Toku_Brony: he's like 400 years old.
GOD THIS IS BORING
no wonder I feel at home
QUACK
otakon i know...needs it for his hip :D
lol
BLOW THE FUCK UP
livid
13SOCIAL ACTIVITYYYYYYY
SOCIAL INTERACTION!
:D
cyas
SOCIAL JOOOOOOOOKE!
Cades
dammit Shizuka, you beat me to it! For the fifth time tonight!
Shizuka: is that what you scream when you find someone to talk to :P?
I'm heading off too, need to get upe arly
early*
/me 13does not scream .-.
do you yell?
SPaceBOOK
13HOW WE DO
oh maliciously
LOWER
lol
HA! If we had junk youd be gay
:D
This is the original dialogue from the show, by the way
I FEEL GREAT!
SPAAAAAAaaaaAAAAAAaaaaAAAAaaaAAAaaaAAAaaaAACE (what's up with them upseesed with space)
JusticeKoro: this scene?
this is original even
lol this is the best
Yup
I CAN DO THIS
I thoght he was . . . nevermind
YOU CAN DO THIS!
Dat echo
:D
F**K THIS I'M OUT
otakon: Night! :)
Really?
:D
lol
XD
bye AJIsAwesome sleep well
:D
oh wait
/me throws a dog treat at otakon
night AJIsAwesome
nvm
SUPER SAYIAN
/me dodges
g'ngiht AJIsAwesome
Wait, I'm going to sleep?! :O
NO NO
All those gay jokes about Zarbon, and it turns out Burdo's the gay one
otakon: Think he messed up. :P
AJIsAwesome: I WAS QUOTING THE STREAM
Night AJIsAwesome
Or Barda
He's a *false* SUPER SAIYAN!
Whatever his name is
/me throws a muffin at otakon
otakon: Oh. :D
HE'S NOT GOING TO BED
/me catches the muffin
OKAY
Burdo...the thing from Mario? lol
Blue guy
Night otakon
i know
Sketch_Toku_Brony: Nope. That's Birdo. :D
were only past half way D,:
Klumzeedragon: lol i know
O______O
dat yelling
YES
yes
But that alone is insufficient
YES :D
He's got Jafar's hat on
Sketch_Toku_Brony: Im sure. :P I was just being silly.
lol
Dont blow up my planet
HE IS WEARING JAFFAR'S HAT.
i know :$
I'm hitting the hay. G'night everypony.
I like the cut of his jib.
night Canadian_Brony sleepw well.
KO
Thank you Caramel for the always awesome stream *yawn* n'stuff.
yatta
well that was a skip
2,14 hope you enjoyed
flutterchu: Yep. But it's awesome. So enjoy it.
Caramel: did, but that skipped a bit
always
CardGamesFTW?
Klumzeedragon: :,D
not impressed!
/me sings along
These are a few of my favourite things~
And this is one of the reasons Toriyama decided to just get rid of the power level thing; the numbers were getting ridiculous. Super Saiyan Goku's power level was like 100,000,000
my favorite things ?
-_9\
Night CAna- oh.
DAT DISSONANCE
XD
131UP 1UP
Krillined owned
stop that Krillin!
:D
you're making him stronger!
They never showed this scene in the show. Now I know why.
pardon
wut
bye son
AJIsAwesome: bc it's horribly violent
13WOOP WOOP WOOPWOOPWOOP
lol
that Neg
SUCK MY DICK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Suck my diiiiiiiiii**
rage
lol
otakon ok
you're the only one I can talk to
MrMalk: QUOTING
13HAAAAAAAX
otakon oh.....
and he didn't use the Destructo Disc again
dat pic
suddenly naked Dodoria
Shizuka: Only Scoot-Scootalo would call Hax.
13speaking of
suddenly Piccolo
with MAGUS' THEME
FUCK YEAH
so goddamn fitting
just one
lol
OH BURN
such whiny bitches lol
And that's the other reason
13imma go with that second one
"Power levels are bullshit"
Dat conclusion:D
im goin w/ the first lol
True
Shizuka's Wub Levels... they... they're...
THEY'RE OVER 9000!
power levels become meaningless after the frieza saga
LOL
lol
I CAN SEE THE FUTURE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
FAKE AND GAY
13DIFFERENT BAD
I COULD SEE THE FUTURE!!
GTG guys...I guess i'll miss the rest of this...
like that mountain
bye VenHur that kind of sucks but take care
/me puts on taco suit and leaves
VenHur: Bye! :)
Gohan's the strongest in the universe and still doesnt do crap! :D
VenHur: Have fun with whatever else you do~ :)
lol
26
Owned himself. :D
Really, Krillin? :S
yep
gohan is such a disappointment when he gets older, just like any child
Fun Fact: Frieza's third form only lasted one episode in the show, and with pacing so notriously slow, that's saying something
lol dat minesweeper :D
iz goku dead?
JusticeKoro: yeah I remember the final Frieza fight taking like 20 bucks
lol
i was leaft before i saw
let me touch your skin
O_o
yeah how THAT thing got faster is beyond me
it's so damn topheavy
pain ball
XD
"I will not punch you."
You are SO punched!
_O O_
This is SO unrainbow
what does THAT remind you of?
from friendship is witchcraft
me
Your hopes have just been dashed.
otakon: Popo?
Klumzeedragon: Popo.
XD
dat guy
right now
Damn you, CSS update.
lol
Putting the servers I like to play down.
Come back magic man
XD
MAGIC MAAAAAAAAAANNNN!!!!
^
I CAN TASTE THAT
You know, the kienzan seems really overpowered. Why doesn't Krillin use it more often?
YEAH
oh
Dendie NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!
JusticeKoro: plot holes plus it's slow
lol
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/290/243/646.jpg
/me puts the lime in the coconut
lol FF
SirGanjalf: ...You gonna drink that?
13DOOOOOOOOODGE
MAN Frieazas got hitscans
gohan never learns
no skill
Looks like i'll be continuing to attempt to finish HL1 on hard before BM:S comes out.
XAX: You can do it!
/me facehooves
Iiiiiiii want an ottor pop...
lol
Super Saiyan Swagger
dat super saiyan swagger
^
You just jealous of my Swagger
Dat space invaders logic
13DOOOOOOOODGE
dakkadakkadakka
lol
Needs more DAKKA
gift baskets with wine
I'M NOT
poor vegeta
How is that a thing!?
the other name for Dragonball Z is Poor Vegeta
I hate Jamaican accents

:D
lol wha?
NOOO!
XD
that sebastian
I feel kinda racist saying that, but whatevs
JusticeKoro so you hate Jamaican?
JusticeKoro: It's... accentist.
Scary butt fun
No, Jamaicans are fine, it's just the accent
poor jamaican crab ;__;
when the redid Dragonball Z they made mr. popo blue instead of blackface
JusticeKoro all jamacians have the accent so
...Row row row your boat
XD
oh god...
:D
13and hell spat them back out
Row row row your boat
row row
MrMalk: that doesnt really mean anything.
PODS DONE!
dat joke again
this is the part where goku beats everyone as always
oh neat
13aha
131
in dah SCHNOZ
This AGAIN?
The title for the original episode was called "The End of Vegeta." Huh, I wonder what happens in that episode?
see im even sick of it
and dead
lol
meh
The planet of the Saiyans was called vegeta
Vegeta NO!
Do I'm guessing the destruction of the planet.
but before the saiyans
there were plant looking people
Silly Freiza, people have two lungs
Frieza Killed Tom...
goku's father is also his and the other saiyans ancestor
13sorry left the background music
0_o
lol
Alright, I need to go to bed. Got classes in the morning. Good Night! :)
Night AJIsAwesome. :)
Picalo really should have a talk with him
night AJIsAwesome
and bye AJIsAwesome
alright everypony, time for bed! See you all tomorrow :)
well i should go to sleep, Goodnight everyone
bai Allegr0
/me hugs Klumzeedragon Sketch_Toku_Brony and twilight_sprinkle good night :)
thanks for the lolz Caramel
Allegr0: Night! :)
2,14 gnight allegr0
bye TheGreatAndPowerfulT
2,14 hope you enjoyed
morning everypony...oooo DBZ
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: NIght! :)
NocturnalBlade: Morning! :)
lol
Alright, Good night! :)
not the puppies :'(
Night and thanks for the stream Caramel
NocturnalBlade: Morning~ :)
2,14 gnight trixie
nite trizie
night Trixie
And that's painful.
Geromino?
HERE COMES TOM
XD
dat hl
lol
13meanwhile
ded
lol
XD
13so
13nappa is haunting vegeta
peanits
ghost nappa
wake up dubass
13and vegeta is haunting goku
*dumbass
He be naked too.
lol
13does that mean...
13nappa is the reason goku is silly
BUFFER! :[
Shizuka: Hauntception?
lol recoome
Nope. Still Inception :D
how long is this video mr streamer tell me the exact time and minute and second of this video
flutterchu: The mods have names. :)
oh god
wait
middle leg?
otakon: if you knwo what i mean
yeah
remember
not even enough room in the pod
otakon: nudge nudge wink wink
damn... you're onto something
lol
oh god
loool
dats from dat movie we watched
springtime for hitler
Flash crash
HA!
nice try jackass!
okay I'm out for now
see you all later!
bye otakon
2,14 bye otakon
bye otakon
cya otakon
See ya later otakon. :)
thanks again for the hilarity Caramel
2,14 no problemo
damn it krillin lol
hooooooly balls
CARE DAMMIT
13callbaaaaaaaack
manamana
OM NOM NOM
lol
13how is there still water on the planet
hey everypony
omgomgomg i love my mom so much now
why have i not watched these before :D
Shizuka: Magix?
Hallow therainbowvortex. :4
hi therainbowvortex
13previously on ahnonay
therainbowvortex: Howdy. :)
she got me tickets to celtic thunder
,,,
kthxdie
13ded again
what am i watching
**** you
ding
therainbowvortex: DBZ abriged i think
shit!!!!!!
o_o
O_O
Starchaser: Sounds awesome. I havent heard of them. :D
<:
OoO
Good evening BronyState :3
evening AdamTh3Walker
Good evening Mr. Duck
tab fail
AdamTheDuck: Howdy sir. :)
o.o So many ponies
Hey there, AdamTheDuck
good night
13ATTENTION FRIEZA
hi AdamTheDuck
13MY HAIR IS NOW BLONDE
Night Squallken
STARE
nite Squallken
wait wait, Shizuka is now a blonde?
funny how the legendary long-awaited super saiyans become a joke later in the series
adamtheduck im in a bad mood today
/me procedes to lick NocturnalBlade, Silver_Spoon, Klumzeedragon, Polydunami and therainbowvortex :P
I know the cure to bad moods!
HUGS
/me is likked @_@
/me is licked "lol that tickles"
/me hugs therainbowvortex
lol
AdamTheDuck: Nummy?
Amiga
He is darkwing duck?
I KNEW IT
XD
adamtheduck the guy that diched my sister left town becaus i was gona beat the crap out him
He's just...sayin
*saiyan
musk
gota go have dinner brb
therainbowvortex: That sucks man... Probably for the best though. Enjoy your dinner.
Damn...
So many ponies
Unnr: Not enough. :P
Get ready for the longest damn five minutes EVER.
now all that is needed is a muffin button
and it was the longest five minutes of hour lives...
XD
I mean Seriously it lasted like a year
What's going on now?
Ooh, welcome back flutterchu :P
lol
AdamTheDuck: hello
oh shit O_O popo
All dem desktop ponies. AND DAT RARITY. <3
lol
XD
NAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIILL
:D
zoooooombie
okay this might be a little late but who's streaming?
Joy puke!
flutterchu: Caramel is.
Klumzeedragon: good
And then they all died anyway, because planet exploded.
Strategise :D
ze*
Caramel: TELL ME THE EXACT TIME OF THIS VIDEO SO I CAN KNOW HOW MUCH I HAVE WATCHED IN ONE YOUTUBE VIDEO (sorry)
MINE
ART THOU TALKING IN THE ROYAL CANTERLOT VOICE?
minemineminemineminemineminemineminemineminemineminemineminemineminemineminemine
AdamTheDuck: Canterlock.
:D
Vegett-o-clock
maybe we shouldn't abuse the royal canterlock voice... if you... would like to...
AdamTheDuck: im talking in THY royal canterlot voice
Lol.
lol
this iz the longest intesting youtube video -_-
Dat stomach pawnch.
You know... Den day sounds like he could be from South Park.
(sp)
well time for me to hit the hay
bleep bloop bleep bloop
night everypony
Goodnight thelonepony
i seen this somepony here linked it
Gnight, thelonepony. Sleep well.
lol
i ate about half of my tea and ditched out to hang with yall
Night thelonepony. :)
nite thelonepony
dat requiem
/me gives therainbowvortex another hug
woah Requiem
ha dat death
lmfao
:D
wat
:D
therainbowvortex: Nice. What did you eat?
my version of the ban hammer is red and huge with spikes (i predict im RPing agian ill stop)
:D
lol Vegeta's like "...shit"
hhhhaaaiiiiiii all :D
RanbowDash90: Hiiiiii Ran. :)
i ate chikkin
Hello, RanbowDash90.
flutterchu: Nope. Just being an ass again. :)
^_^
Hello RanbowDash90
Klumzeedragon: :'(
lol
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
13nuuuuuuuuuuu
Nuuuuuu An error occurred
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
doh
NAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIL
OH COME ON!!
AHAHAHA
Lol.
He was killing the stream!
FIX THE STREAAAAAAM
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoo
noo:(
And everypony doin' their best Darth Vader impression.
wrong video
whilst we be waitin': http://pictures.mastermarf.com/blog/2009/090622-007-unsee-it-550.jpg
lawl
I will never unsee...
Silver_Spoon: I've seen that before. :D Hilarious.
lol Silver_Spoon
Klumzeedragon: yes, yes it is
seez lots of ponys on the person streamings computer xD
lol
lyra get off the screan LOL
KICK HIS ASS LYRA YEAH lol
Silver_Spoon, I don't get it :(
why is lyra a seapony
Dat gore.
why is lyra a seapony
A better question is "Why not?"
AdamTheDuck: His hand looks like a continuation of his mouth. :D
lol
therainbowvortex: Because Lyra makes best seapony?
stop with the puns goku XD
dem puns
no... more... puns
hes the PUNisher
now that i think about it lyra dose make a good sea pony
naaaaaaaah
therainbowvortex: See? :P
:D:D
this is super funny
dat star wars
Derpy's ship
13YES!
13YAAAAAAAAAAAAY
Ditzy is pleased
YES
lol
muffin button
YES
6_9
YES.
no no not the MUFFINS
And now I understand the muffin button. :P
13oo free sundae
08,01i like setsid
oh my sides hrut
08,01prefer it over nohup
0_o oh god
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/DeathIsASlapOnTheWrist
She has a point.
lol
DAMN IT.
Hello everypony!
DAT TONY STARK.
hi Sabershy
Hello Sabershy
Hey, Sabershy.
YEAH
Dear jesus how terrifying.
hey Sabershy
that darth chichi
YOU PINKIE PROMISED
...
So, I have now have 36 more minutes of my birthday left. :)
/me gives Sabershy a birthday lick
:P
happy birthday Sabershy
/me glomps Sabershy :3
Happy birthday Sabershy
Sabershy: :O Well happy birthday sir!
Happy birthday, Sabershy.
Or madam. :P
Sort of.
thanks everyone! :)
pokemon...
happy birthday Sabershy
klumzeedragon: I am a guy. :)
GODZILLA
Ruuuuuun it's Godzilla!
happy birthday +23 hours 35 minutes Sabershy
yes but due to copyright law it is not. STILL WE SHOULD RUN LIKE IT IS GODZILLA! Though it isnt :D
Sketch_Toku_Brony: /) For completing my refference.
Klumzeedragon: (\
Sabershy: Then sir. :D
oh mai
lol
Sabershy: so how old are you 19?
The Doctor goes everywhere: http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m8nm3hsBAB1rw70wfo1_500.png
and everywhen
Haha Fallout
I turned into the grand number of 21! :)
oh god :D
dat logic
/me gives another special lick to Sabershy :P
Silver_Spoon: Love me some Did You Know. :P
2,14 stop licking people
2,14 it's weird
:(
TOLD.
00,10hay all
Hey, Sumica.
so wait
hey Sumica
Hay Sumica. :)
everypony i found a my little dashie lylabye on youtube should i link
Hello Sumica... I can't lick you this time...
does that mean nappa no longer haunts vegeta?
Caramel is made of candy. It's only natural he wouldn't like licking.
lol
awesome stream Caramel
therainbowvortex: Only if the mods allow it.
k, time to go to sleep finally
thats why im asking if i can
00,10spent all night trolling the renta cops tonight ^_^
therainbowvortex: Or wait til after the stream. :)
thanks for stream and bye
Well, that was an epic.
Bye SirGanjalf
Oh Sumitroll.
nite SirGanjalf
Later SirGanjalf!
0_o
humans > pokemon: http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m7zm2aP6aV1rw70wfo1_500.png
lol Sumica
Cya, SirGanjalf. Sleep well.
Sumica: Well that sounds fun. :D How were you doing it?
00,10snooped out there radio frequency at work
Doesn't even need a stream to troll peoples.
Caramel: I don't mind, I think. I guess his way of showing cogratulations.
Wake up and be free ponies!
screw you twilight
Sumica, listened in on their broadcasts or you just sabotaged their radios?
00,10and seeing as the big function to night had metal decectors I kept flining staples throgh it from my work station
00,10Pony music mic spam Ninjazz
LOL NICE.
Sumica: Oh my. :D That
is
glorious.
00,10I was pissed at them any ways
13now sumica
So it was VENGENCE.
i
13did you at least perform all the available renegade interrupts?
just finished
It was good music, I don't blame them: http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m72a3vvz2w1rw70wfo1_500.png
13it's just not dickshep unless you do
the whole
series
00,10telling us we can use the back halls to set up for the party making use have to push all our equipment across the carpets
and withh that, I say good night everypony, enjoy the stream :)
I know right Silver_Spoon? But I never noticed. :D
Inb4 Sumica punches a reporter for her disingeniuous assertions.
00,10dose bouncing a dinner roll of the guy head that was guaring the back all count Shizuka.
Goodnight Silver_Spoon
13ooo
You know what? I should have asked for a new wireless adapter for my computer for my birthday...
00,10it was an old dinner roll too
ummm yes
yes they do
13did it have fog?
i need to leave bye
bye flutterchu
Later, flutterchu. Take care.
Bye flutterchu
FUCK YOU DISCORD AND TWILIGHT :[
Good bye flutterchu.
But Twilight is best egghead :(
No one will miss you flutterchu. :S
ugh dat flutterchu.
goodbye every pony ill be on later befor bed
bye therainbowvortex
Seeya therainbowvortex
Cya, therainbowvortex. Take care.
I don't see how he hasn't been permabanned yet... pisses off all the mods and has been banned twice in one week even. :D
Later therainbowvortex, take it easy man. Hope things work out.
It's strange, I was there for both bans as well o.o
2,14 I miss something?
all dem ponies
2,14 sometimes I swear the trolls are watching behind my back, waiting for when I leave the computer
Pisses the mods off so much
Caramel: Nah. Just wondering how flutterchu is always pissing off the mods and always rude but doesnt have a perma ban yet.
Caramel: hes not so much a troll, more of an idiot
And rude. Definitely rude.
^
twilight_sprinkle, there's a difference?
and i hate calling people stupid. but honestly, that guy is just...
Actually, AdamTheDuck, there is. A troll can be clever.
Very clever.
inb4 Caramel dance :$
Who's banned now?
Touche Ninjazz, touche.
Buytoast: No one. :D
What language is this?
dutch i believe
Yes, dutch
Hey guys
2,14 well, I'm not particular to talking behind people's backs
hi SafariMonkey
00,10woh that was freeky, randomly seeing pinkie go by in the background on my PC
Caramel: Yeah... sorry.
2,14 but if he ever breaks the rules when I'm watching, I'll take the appropriate action
Hi NocturnalBlade
Sumica's PC is haunted by Pinkie Pie.
i've never seen flutterchu break any rules...maybe i'm not here when it happens XD
00,10seems that the checking I was doing on the animations they have that I though had crashed had not crashed fully
after all the gen 3.5 shown here i just dont mind anymore
He doesn't break rules, just talks too much when he shouldn't.
Ninjazz: aaaaah
00,10so you are saying we need to go to gen 3.6?
2,14 unfortunately, that's a very fine line to tread
Sumica: yes
...
we need moar new borns on the stream
2,14 technically, it's not against the rules unless he starts goint too far
Seeing as how I don't have stream up, go right on ahead, Sumica.
2,14 ask, and ye shall receive
Caramel, when he starts pissing people off?
It's Caramel, Ninjazz
inb4 i regret this
Ninjazz: well i talk too much often too, but i do it for the sake of discussion. that guy is too biased to have any sort of discussion with
:D
lol wut :D
I'm too jaded to care anymore -_-
2,14 I haven't particularly seen that when I'm around. But if a person in the chat is beginning to offend and the mods aren't doing something about it, the best course of action
2,14 is to PM a mod, don't confront the person
2,14 protip: let the mods do their jobs and everything will be better
that is one long house
Are you talking about that Flutterchu fella?
yeah but i would rprefer to talk it over with most people before resorting to bans
*prefer
Buytoast: eeyup.
00,10they told her to go play in the corrner of a round house
00,10beep beep, ima cloud
twilight_sprinkle, well see that and being rude are two different things.
Sumica: That explains everything!
Raincloud! Save us!
13meep meep
13pay no attention to little me
I can only handle 'so' much insanity...
Ninjazz: i know, but i mean even if the other person is being rude i usually try to talk it over. that guy is a bit nuts though..
what fresh hell have I joined into?
i believe this video would be more funny if moar people were in the chat, freaking out about gen 3.6 and how they need to use mind bleach
hi Rommulus
2,14 fair enough
00,10it loops so well
Rommulus: The seventh circle.
honestly i find this kinda cute
twilight_sprinkle: so true
welcome Rommulus, i asked for gen 3.6 and we received it
twilight_sprinkle, same or I don't try to talk/associate myself with that kind of person.
wtf am i watching
someone said mind bleach ill take 2 gallons
Eh, handling that loop is easy. All you have to do is do what the writers/animators for that series did... turn off your brain.
is this that rainbows make babies video?
better make it 4
wat
00,10where do baby ponies come from?
WAT
chocolate milk! <_<
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
tis be an entire episode Caramel?
i knew it
I think I will be comming back later.
Sumica: Double rainbows all the way!
2,14 pretty much
i bloody knew it
o.o
Have fun all
RUN AWAY
Time to watch my first 3.5 episode
Yep. I've become jaded.
by the end of this ill know insainity
-leaves-
2,14 adamtheduck, this isn't 3.5
bye! gotta run literally!
This is hilarious
3.6?
2,14 a common mistake, mind you
bye rom
00,10always dresses in style
I'm not sure where baby ponies come from. o_0
Dat Rainbow Dash.
funny how this RD is the total opposite of g4
Looks like baby ponies pop out of boxes :P
Rainbow Dash always dresses in style.
there mouths dont move why
00,10personaly I prefer worlds bigest tea party
o.o
this doesnt even look like legit animation
twilight_sprinkle, and more like Rarity.
awww poor dashie
Whenever I find people being rude, it's a matter of free speech. I can't expect to have someone banned for expressing an offensive opinion (even if it's only for the sake of trolling) because my honestly held beliefs are often considered EXTREMELY offensive to a lot of people.
Hmmm let me refresh stream and...oh gawd. D:
Whose a silly pony?
Ninjazz: yeah. only lacks her awesome voice :3
twilight_sprinkle: There's mareason for that. THe Baby POnies thing WASN'T legitamate animation.
00,10freespeach is not protected in all venues
Kandarihu: yeah im not a fan of banning over opinions either.
twilight_sprinkle, Oh my YES. It's her personality, but it's not her voice. ;_;
13http://i.imgur.com/33dI3.jpg
2,14 sumi, whatever happened to that video dari always plays?
Kencolt: so fanmade then?
2,14 I can't seem to find it
Needs more milk
i believe i have built up a immunity to the other gens of ponies, its just fun to freak out with the chat :D
oh god
not that video
00,10uhhh which one?
lemon whores?
twilight_sprinkle: No. Just massively incompetent.
2,14 the one where she zooms up
Caramel: the sexting one?
OH.
00,10oh the dash one with the saxy music?
Thank God I don't have stream up.
2,14 yeah
dat mr.t
Kencolt: wow, that Is massively incompetent. half the g4 fanvids are better
Um Rainbow Dash what are you...
Dun dun duuun.
I like that vid. :D
oh phew, not the video i was thinking of
2,14 that's what I searched
2,14 but got these results
0,14ping?
Pong.
Peng
Uhh, who exactly? Rainbow Dash, Caramel?
SaxyPretender
Pong
2,14 meh, oh well
speaking of the Saxy
SaxyPretender: Someone was saying saxy music. >_>
Hey Saxy
0,14ah
0,14yo
Caramel: its hidden slightly now for some reason
"This video has been removed by the user."
Huh, he removed it
ohai Saxy
-_(\
/me sings along
/me bobs head
2,14 would explain why I couldn't find it
Probably for the best.
2,14 wonder why he did
Well, ponies, I am going tobed. See you tomorrow. :)
2,14 that was a hillarious troll vid
"This user has been removed by the video."
Too many complaints.
but dari i saw it less then a few days ago
nite Sabershy2
Gnight, Sabershy2. Sleep well.
2?
bye Sabershy2
Oh yea, lol
Sabershy2: Night man. :) Enjoy the last 7 minutes of your birthday!
Thanks. :)
tis be Sabershy2's birthday? happy birthday!
:)
00,10ohhi Dari
00,10hows the sheep today?
It's funny how nobody gives a shit about you but when your famous, people start kissing your ass. People are so pathetic.
Oh Offspring, why you so good?
13Sumica: exhausted clearly
2,14 haha! Sumica found it
MASF123: Oh? What makes you say that? :D
dashie...what are you...
Rainbow Dash what are you... o_0
dat dashie
:3
Oh, of course Sumica found it :D
00,10key word searches
yeah knew it was still around
Oh -_(\ me
2,14 it's been renamed to "What are you doing Rainbow Dash :O"
Zoom up to at face.
well hey, at least its not zooming
it gets closer :O
00,10it's a new upload
it doesnt
that
Oh Rainbow Dash, you don't have to hide your feelings from me~
:D
owait, dashie is
00,10suppose I better archive it
2,14 new?
Klumzeedragon: :D
the background doesnt move
0,14*ahem*
2,14 it was uploaded Feb 9th
well bye again, gotta go to school
0,14THE SONG OF MY PEOPLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
bye SafariMonkey
bye twilight_sprinkle
yfw you realize this is a song from Bleach
SaxyPretender: It's so smooooooth.
13SaxyPretender: thought that was danger zone
0,14...my people have a LOT of songs
Dangah zone.
Fuck school, being a homeless guy is were it's at.
Klumzeedragon: so smooth i'm sliding out my chair
Dagaaaaaah zooooone!
00,10newer then the one dari used to play Caramel
where
2,14 fair enough
Dis fiddle.
DIS FIDDLE.
NocturnalBlade: Exactly. :P
00,10seeing as thanks to dari it had like 5000 extra views
and then rainbow SCREAMER
2,14 lol
That would be an awesome wing boner killer.
Ninjazz: yeah, i life-scarring one
:D
00,10at one point it had so many anoantions on it you could not see the video
*a
00,10noting but links to all the other versions
twilight_sprinkle, I think we would lose a few bronies to that. :D
Oh noooooo.
:D
Bleach ost IV: Track 7 Can't lose
O_O
Oh god no.... Is this?
00,10wonder if Caramel, has the unedited one.
what is dis?
this video...
ahh
tiem to be creative h
*eh
0,14NOPE
2,14 there's an unedited one?
0,14NOPE
CARAMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEL. IT WAS YOU.
oh lawd
00,10yep
0,14NOPENOPENOPENOPENOPE
0,14RUNNING AWAY
Oh Jesus NOOOOO
/me prepares to get creative
0,14BACK TO CRYING AT CODE I GO
/me GETS CREATIVE
00,10it's far more creative then this one
oh god, this
Green is not a creative colour~
I thought only Scoot-Scootal was able to play this. :D
/me hides under his pillow.
>~<
This video again
anyone in here who hasnt seen this yet?
00,10well there was a point where we did not alow playing of this.
2,14 there was, yeah
00,10but that time seems to have passed
well whoever didnt, you're in for a real trip
who ever hasent see this yet, prepare youselfs :D
2,14 dunno, for all I know we still aren't
Run.
00,10who knows some day we may play .movs
^
If you haven't seen it, save the remaining sanity you have and run.
2,14 Sumica: Nittany plays the moves, or at least has played them
Sumica: I remember you talked Scoots out of it. But then he did it anyway. :D
Sumica, that'll be the day.
doesnt that apply now to that movie lobby video?
Dark_Horst: hard to describe
I'll be damn.
2,14 but yeah, in the event we still aren't allow to show this vid, don't tell anyone :P
Someday, we may even see a reading of Cupcakes xP
Sumica doesnt that apply now to that movie lobby video?
0_o
Polydunami, I really hope not.
Sumica, we should be careful not to loosen our standards. We don't want to go down any sort of slippery slope.
trip levels rising
my god :D
00,10yeah taht one was also on the dont play
Lets all agree...
To never be creative again~
wow
00,10personaly i dont see what is wrong with green hair >_>
Which movie lobby one? The one you play for intermission? :D
gotta have blue hair
^
00,10dem old videos
i need to go to bread soon....
its good
0,14it's great, MASF123
MASF123, haven't watching it, but I've heard good things.
00,10i heard it floped in japan but is huge in the states
00,10kind like ghost stories
a lot of the humor is pretty damn western
MASF123: I have and yeah, it's not bad if you don't mind some nasty, sexual, and hilarious jokes in your anime. :D
Spectrum_Rush: :D
OH. You mean it sucked in the original dub but got redubbed in the US?
MASF123, I heard that it can tend to be rather vulgar.
oooo i love this one
0,14actually, dub translation is the same in both US and JP
YES THIS
Egad
OH god yes.
Drawn Together ranchy?
Hello by the way guys :D
This one is BRILILLIANT.
never seen this one
Hey, MadSurge.
raunchy
00,10dis is new
ohai MadSurge
A ponified remix!
YES Sensei Onion!
Came out a couple of days ago.
probably further then drawn together in some areas
It's amazing.
and ofc shy is dan
Franky Diamond Dog?
Dar Rarity. <3
SaxyPretender: Did it ever get dubbed in English? I only found it in Japanese.
dat fluttershy :D
00,10wait was pinkie dressed as haruko?
This is adorable. :3
DERPY NO EWWWW
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Cheeselegs
From FLCL?
dat Ryu Dash and Flutter Dan
00,10yeah Ninjazz
0,14yeah, the dub came out recently, convinced my best friend to pick up the DVD
Sumica, I thought the same thing too when I saw it.
0,14you can catch it on Hulu or Funimation's site
00,10muse get this
The music is really good too
00,10lol spike
Sweetie Bellin in CHibi-usa's seifuku. Dear heaven.
That diamond dog. Was he dressed like Franky?
SaxyPretender: Ah. Maybe my problem is that I watch it on YouTube. :P
i was waiting for pinkie to eat a sprite
0,14you can find it on YT as well
Hat recovered!
Yay perfect!
0,14I saw the first dub ep that way
Dark_Horst: Derpy did DX
Polydunami, quire
quite
Oh I sae this on EQD
Kencolt Oniichan much? NOW YA FLANKED UP :D
/me ONWARD, TO YOUTUBE
saw
yay another fav
Well, then.
dat saxy spike
inb4 1 2 12 1 2 3
twi in the background <3
Awesome
I'll try Hulu or their site. :) I just chose youtube cause it was the first place I looked.
so...anyone want to join my guild in Guild Wars 2?
MadSurge: exactly :D
Spike y u so saxy?
Sorry for the ping.
0,14He learned from me :3
Y u so saxy, Saxy?
Fluttershy 1, Applejack 2, Derpy 3, Rainbow Dash the final
Ninjazz: Because of Epic Sax Spike. :P
:p
oh pinkie
Your timing was just a teeny-tiny bit off.
Hey SaxyPretender, long time no see!
0,14oh hai MadSurge
DeadpoolDash: I would if I had the game. I don't have a CD drive to play it. :P
OH NO.
MY HEART CAN'T HANDLE THIS.
:(
Oh gawd... it it's just too... cute.
HNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGG
daaaaaaaw
daw pinkie
0,14btw
It would be great if one of these ponified Rhythm Heaven videos could use Fluttershy's criticism of Rarity's dress for her in Suited for Success for the results screen.
She crushed Seapony~
YES
0,14that guy who animated that
And that's how she met Gummy :3
awwwwww yeeeea
I love these. :D
Rainbow Sunglasses
Nomorethan9?
0,14Hasbro has allowed him to make the first official fanmade episode
o_o
WELLP
SaxyPretender: somewhat old news
:P
IT'S OFFICIAL, MANG. WE OWN MLP : FiM.
0,14just saying >.>
NOT ENOUGH SUGAR
SaxyPretender: Oh? Is that the Double Rainboom video or what's it going to be called?
00,10friendchips?
0,14I believe so, Klumzeedragon
Right, got some problems to sleuth
00,10yeah it's that one
lol reminds me of the fastfood lasagna from EMT aka instead of pasta layers its whoppers big macs and teen burgers...lol but ew
sweet dance time!
0,14YES
GANGNAM STYLE! And the original too
YEEEEEEEEEEEEES|
Oppan Gangnam Style.
00,10and seeing as the guy was offered job by studio B
Night, Shizu.
/me stretches to dances
0,14he's going to be performing at the Today SHow on Friday
0,14tempted to get there at 6 AM
0,14just for this guy
would like to see that
Do eet, Saxy. Your life depends on it.
SaxyPretender: DO EET
00,10I was sad I was not able to upload the gundamversion of this I have
/me imagines Blueblood doing this in canterlot :D
SaxyPretender: do the handdrawn seesaw Rhythm is MAgic next please :D
Oppan GUNDAM Style.
/me starts dancing the Gangnam Style
0,14I'm not streaming >.>
why not sumi ?
OP
Spectrum_Rush: He's not streaming. :P
00,10because they hold the rights to it
no duh
00,10they are protecting it
2,14 that's fine, make an Oppah Gungan style vid :P
ah Sumica
0,14there's a Bangnam Style
00,10seeing as this video gets like 50 million views a week
0,14like, Bang from Blazblue
as always for this song: http://askprincessmolestia.tumblr.com/image/28790970181
SaxyPretender: really? we must watch!
Heeeeeey, sexy laaady~
You know, the pony version doesn't get streamed as much as I thought it would though.
2,14 meh, it's not that great
Also, they made a Rainbow Dash one btw.
Kinda poorly animated, though.
2,14 I mean, ust look at this scene
0,14HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEY
0,14SEXAY LADY
0,14OP
0,14Op
00,10well the dash one is just a recolor
0,14Op
0,14OP
pony ver needs Luna
2,14 it doesn't have an entire cast doing the dance
0,14OPPAN GANGNAM STYLE
Point made...
I love how this guy takes himself not seriously :D
yea, pie time
inb4 eggbeater
Incoming impressively made fan music.
HAY BACON STRIPS x 6
inb4 beats applebloom
0,14also, mfw my best friend has played LoL with the RD VA for this series...
So the guy who made this was hired by Stuidio B?
0,14don't think so
AppleJD!
apple jack d!
lol
still waiting for Children of the night to be finished
/me bobs head
Allowd to make the fanmade episode.
SaxyPretender, she was in character the whole game? :D
0,14no idea
dat Nowhacking
lets spin this S*yay*T
0,14doubt it, he hates ponies >.>
jackiechan.jpg.
>played with RD's VA
0,14but he knows her from elsewhere
>Hates ponies.
>knew she was VA though
The only thing that bugs me about this video is the fact that she's breaking the bottles over the batter and getting glass into the dish.
How do?
Ohhhh.
0_o
cupcake money?: http://images.johnnycupcakes.com/img/ct_money_cupcakes.JPG
0,14that's the funny thing about my best friend, he knows these pony VAs, but hates ponies
Kandarihu, and Rarity is the only one that eats it. She's the real Iron Pony.
AWWW YEAH
YES
Well, EVERYONE knows Rina-Chan.
0,14no, like on a semi-personal level
Arcade game!
Ninjazz: in a good or bad way.
o_o like actually /knows/ her?
Who dafuq is Rina-Chan?
this NEEDS to be made!
0,14apparently, her Korean is really good
MadSurge, good. Who would hate Rina....
MASF123, srsly?
jk.
Aw yeah. So retro quick time events. :D
Pffft. :p
Ninjazz: Meanwhile does.
2,14 a lot of people said some very salty things to her
MadSurge, Meanwhile hates everything/one.
Except Francis and Pinkie Pie.
And my chat derped.
And can't be too certain on Francis.
2,14 which is just absurd. It's different to not like a particular person's work, than to send flat out offensive things to them
anypony else up at this ungodly hour?
Ninjazz: at worst I just ignore her
hi DoctoDoctorWho
2,14 I would certainly hope NO ONE in this chat is responsible for any hatemail going out there
Ninjazz, yeah really >_>
0,14she seems a nice person from when I interiewed her
2,14 because that's not the kind of environment we want to create
Ninjazz: but she does a pretty good Twilight
DoctoDoctorWho: A lot of ponies are. >_>
dat MK friendship
0,14I mean, she's a Guilty Gear fan, I can't hate that!
MadSurge, Rina? I think she's a superb VA. Might be a little too popular but nothing's wrong with her.
I want minigames like these! :D
2,14 She's a very nice gal, personally I'd like to meet her. At the very least, I'd like to thank her for coming on before
i only knew of Rina-chan because of Brawl taunts :D
caramel stream?
eeyup
DoctoDoctorWho: yes
Yep.
0,14I knew of her from Skullgirls
I knew her from Newgrounds.
0,14so I totally flipped out at her panel at bronycon when that was brought up
0,14>.>
She's EVERYWHERE there.
/me totally didn't get everyone staring at him...
Ninjazz, the only redeeming factor of the ultra-high-calorie dishes made by Epic Meal Time is that they are ALWAYS consumed by groups. I suspect that they fast for days at a time in advance of their videos.
oh so that was you making all that noice SaxyPretender :S
SaxyPretender: I realized who she was from Apple.Mov, but my fav role of hers is Skullgirls' final boss :D
0,14it was that one time! >.>
Wow. I should've finished typing that before going afk
HAHAHAHAHAHA
00,10kill every guard watching a door> find out there was an easy back way to room behind door
yay
Kandarihu, I didn't know that. Also that'd better be the case, those things can kill you!
SaxyPretender: only takes one time, i think it choed throughout the entire convention center
Dis Epic Wub Time.
Sumica: story of my life :D
*echoed
mfw i thought this was from the show :D
Sumica, every Splinter Cell game.
0,14Spectrum_Rush, please tell me you're kidding
00,10deus ex
0,14;___;
one problem
Am I bad not knowing what Skullgirls is?
SaxyPretender: maybe
:S
what time is it for you ponies?
MadSurge: yes very good
DoctoDoctorWho: WUB TIME
Hey guys
DoctoDoctorWho: 12:22. :)
DoctoDoctorWho: its about 3:25 a.m. where i am
Klumzeedragon: indie made fighting game with an all female cast (for now)
hi wowviewer
0,14it's an incredible fighting game
ello wowviewer
Hey there wowviewer . :)
Rommulus: k, Ill admit, kinda walked into that one
How you guys doing?
MY DAY HAS BEEN FULL OF BUCK!
MadSurge: Kinda like a... Rvier City Ransom kind of fighting game?
Poor Pinkie :(
Instant accent.
wowviewer: ok...gettin kinda tired but lovin the vids that are bein streamed so yea lol
Klumzeedragon: nope, Street Fighter style
NocturnalBlade: lol
Its 2 in the damn morning here, damn insomnia
HOW DO YOU TYPE WITH HOOVES
awhat I remember SaxyPretender , I was walking through the Artists alley towards the mane hall, heard the word Skullgirls and then what sonded like one of the loudest fangasm squees ever
MadSurge: you dont
MadSurge: Ah. :D And she can't. :P She was hitting all the buttons.
DoctoDocterWho Insomnia's the reason i'm a brony.
0,14on SUnday?
0,14...then yes, that was me
SaxyPretender: yes
SaxyPretender is loudest fangirl.
BASE CANNON!
Spectrum_Rush: ahahaha :D
Bass*
Dis music.
BASS CANNON!
soooo awesome!
wowviewer: I refuse to call it bass
All your bass r belong 2 us
TheRandomkid321: Insomnia? Nah I choose to stay up and watch ponies all night. :D
lol I can see why :S
Seriously how the buck does your day even go this way?
wowviewer: it's very confusing for foreigners :D
MadSurge: Kind of like conscience, right?
HELL YES!!!
What is this?
PIECE THE HEAVENS, TWILIGHT!
YES!
TheRandomkid321: Get up. Do what I need to do for the day. Then watch ponies from about 10pm til whenever I can snap out of it. :P
MadSurge: porn for giant robot fans
Gurren Langan? Should look at it now that I have it :D
2,14 yeah, cause that's not misleading at all
this song <3
Oh wait, I recognize this from SRW :D
MINE IS THE FRIENDSHIP THAT PIERCES THE COLDEST OF HEARTS!!!
Hey guys and what is this?
Purple on blue? :S
Hello Moopy
Hey Moopy, Gurren Langan set to ponies
Hey Moopy and just one of Caramels awesome streams. You've missed out on the weird stuff.
It's a cross between the beginning of Friendship is Magic and the end of Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann
SUPER, GIGA, DRRRIIIIILLLLL!!!!! BRRRRRREEEEEEAAAAAKEEEEERRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!!!!!:[:[:[
hi Moopy
hi
so what kind kind od weird stuff?
Moopy, Creativity...
Don't Hug me, I'm Scared. :P
wow
If your a giant robot fan, this is porn for you
2,14 I take offense to that description
Those glasses.
dem glasses
Caramel: I take offence to that offence
dem kamina glasses
der shades
2,14 not everyone likes that kind of stuff
DoctoDoctorWho, schematic porn? TTGL doesn't deliver on that.
Thunderhoooorse.
Yessss
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
havent heard this in a while lol
dance pinkie dance
I saw these guys in concert. :D I was great.
/me headbangs
it*
just because thats the only thing his series is known for
This video needs to end on a "Deleted from Youtube" joke given the fate of this song in it's series of origin.
Klumzeedragon: lucky *pout*
The singer kinda looks like Andrew W. K. :D
DoctoDoctorWho: Nah, it's a great show full of comedy. Brutality. And METAL. And you know, cocaine addicted clones.
*clowns
MadSurge: he was based on someone. could be that guy
Fuck yeah
Yes. Clowns. :D
Now you know why I started licking people...
:D
AdamTheDuck, lol
AdamTheDuck: Cause you like to lick ponies for rainbow flavours?
AdamTheDuck: anyone tasting like raisins?
2,14 cause that's not creepy at all
Twilight isn't convinced...
Derpy looks like she's having the absolute fucking time of her life right now...
DoctoDoctorWho: lol so true
DoctoDoctorWho: like everyday? :D
then again she prolly is,
what i imagine each time someone is licked here
DoctoDoctorWho: I wouldnt be surprised if she was. I wouldnt be surprised of she is that easily amused
anypony else have a dawww stuck in their throat?
Yeah. I can see that. :D
Caramel, Yeah but my licks are like; http://fav.me/d4c576s . Please tell me that's not creepy :<
2,14 yeah, it is
DoctoDoctorWho: I get d'aws from Crayon Vision. :P
2,14 this may come as a surprise to you, but licking people you don't know is a bit odd
^
:/
:O NO WAI
:|
Atleast it's not rude.
Just... odd.
But we're clean. :P It's not like he'll get sick.
hng, hup, Hnngggggggggg
2,14 yeah....we're changing the conversation -_-
hrrprachdlfkjfhsuhu
:D
:P
Caramel: Crayon Vision?
So who here prefers caramel over chocolate?
2,14 I'll give you one guess Ninjazz
Ninjazz: sorry, not me
Ninjazz: not me, sorry
Ninjazz: I like caramel in my chocolate. ;)
Klumzeedragon: same
...
I like chocalate
me to
Im still fine with mod Caramel tho
^
I'll put my chocolate in some caramel...yeah
I like Vanilla
/me Come at me bro
Caramel, you may or may not be a Caramel fan.
If we are going after flavours though, I love Cinnamon?
2,14 chocolate actually makes me ill, so my preference to caramel isn't particularly difficult to see why
now that ive recovered whats strea-hnghhhusgsygysgf
Hvae you guys ever herd of linerider?
Oh. Well, that's an even better reason.
00,02Caramel, so you cant enjoy chocolate?
2,14 eenope
00,02:'(
2,14 makes me sick to my stomach
Allergies?
00,02lactose or something else?
Caramel: that sucks?
Or just plain dislike?
2,14 not sure
/me comes at Spectrum_Rush
o.0
Ah. So it's just like not liking onions or garlic.
Yay, pu parw retniW!
linerider is cool
00,02i love onions and garlic
Spectrum_Rush: so, what now?
Me too, Phase4. But my father HATES onions.
can't eat chocolate huh...you will never become willy wonka!
2,14 I know I'm slightly lactose intolerant, but normally lactose products just make my stomach mildly upset
2,14 so not like...deathly allergic or anything
Phase4: Garlic is amazing, cant do onions though. :D I don't like the texture.
00,02odd
pU parW retniW?
^
yes
Well, perhaps the caffiene and other chemicals amplify the effects.
00,02Klumzeedragon, i think onions have a great texture, to each their own i supose
Caramel: good for you! :)
Yeah. :) Exactly. Not gonna bash anyone for opinions.
Too much chocolate for me and milk starts feeling really good. Same with too much milk. Chocolate becomes refreshing.
www.google.com/linerider
unwraping winter unwraping winter ♫ ♫
Moopy: 404. :P
How do you hate onions for texture and not taste?
well i think i shall be off to bed...night everypony and thanks for the stream Caramel
What its cool
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Nightly Roundup #436
2,14 hope you enjoyed
Good night, NocturnalBlade
Caramel: always do ^_^
Thanks for the stream, Caramel. Sleep well.
Bye NocturnalBlade
I prefer caramel, myself :3
D'awwwwww
Caramel: we sure did :D thanks for streaming!
Dis Owl City.
This one is a classic.
Ninjazz: Cause I've had some stuff that had like... Onion taste and it was fine. But actual onions just... I cant do it. :D
2,14 not done yet :P
Ten million fluttershy's
you would not belive your eyes....oh my
Wooooooooooow
Fluttershy <3
2,14 was saying it to nocturneblade
You would not believe your eyes, when 10 million fluttershies.
Ah.
Caramel: aww yeah! :)
hnng, hup, hnnghiuehiugs
Klumzeedragon, so you can eat onion powder?
This is soooo adorable! :D
Ninjazz: so, a forest?
hmm whened saxy leave
:)
MadSurge, I see what you did there. x3
:P
Hey caramel,
2,14 yeah?
00,02AXAXAX
00,02XAX, :P
XAXAXAX
Ninjazz: Onion powder is okay. :D But I only tolerate the taste. It's mainly the texture but, not a big fan of onion taste either.
XAX = PC
AXA = iPod
:p
AXAXAXAXAXA
We should listen to the ginyu force theme next, waddya say?
2,14 not really taking requests atm, but you can ask whoever goes after me if they are
dammit
Klumzeedragon, hmmm. Well that's alot better than what my dad has. He can't take the taste. As long as you just take the onions out of the dish afterwords, you can still enjoy a complete dish.
Dat Trident.
Aww yeah books!
Noice OC.
2,14 welp, I think that's as much as I can do tonight...very...very tired
2,14 gnight chat, hope you enjoyed the stream
Thanks for the epic, ValtheJean
NOW gnight, Val. Sleep well. Thanks for the stream.
Bye Caramel / ValtheJean!
dat feel when you realize Val pony and Phase pony look similar
who here thinks the ginyu force could have their own series?
Goodnight ValtheJean
thanks for stream ValtheJean
Thanks for the stream.
I LOVE onions. Love love love them. Baked, fried, stewed, sauteed, even raw-- especiall a Vidalia-- I just love onions.\
Ninjazz: Exactly. That's how I am if I can't get all the onion out. :D
BTW, where did you find that giant DBZ Abridged video?
Onion rings
Klumzeedragon, >.<
Thanks for the stream Caramel. :)
I LOVE onion rings.
I'm with Kencolt on this one. And Polydunami|PS.
so, snuggles?
#Dashiesauce
Oy
Oi.
Moopy, don't chan advertise.
Polydunami|PS: Honestly... The only onion I can eat. And usually I only get it at Carls Jr. On their Western Burger. :D
wow dude just wow
Already got in trouble for that one. >.<
pfft
pot pie?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZRFecBw1DaQ
Crayon Vision~
I've been reading through Problem Sleuth lately.
Never mind. I thought the Frieza saga was split between Season 2 and 3. I was wrong about that. There are videos that have Season 1 and 2 together and run for multiple hours
I got MUCH more than what I bargained for :S
eenope
He DID whaaat? :O
hello bronystate
Hello, DaringDerpy :)
Hello, DaringDerpy.
DaringDerpy: Hows it going? :)
you don't want to know, Klumzeedragon ^^
DoctoDoctorWho: :D I love Derpy no matter how she is.
DaringDerpy: That bad eh? :S
hm...
A late hello to you DaringDerpy :P
:)
DaringDerpy: Are you okay at least? :)
ah...chat was a stupid idea...gtg...have fun :)
Bye DaringDerpy
Klumzeedragon: I like when Derpy is not dumber than a brick :D
A common misconception about Derpy Hooves is that she's stupid when in actuality she just has a seeing problem.
She's pretty much a genious above Twilight's level.
She just can't express it.
But she doesn't have a seeing problem, she's just being efficient in her field of view
Rainbow Dash is blind.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZRFecBw1DaQ
MadSurge: But she's not~ Just ditzy. :D
Reposting the video I posted? :P
That is by far the most adorable thing I've seen today.
yes, Klumzeedragon.
But I did fabulously. :p
You diiiid. :P
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDgk2YMzGpY Here you go. More adorableness.
08,01this is the most awesomely accurate description of ADD i've seen: http://xkcd.com/1106/
Hallow!
Klumzeedragon: she totally is
Focusing on one thing while you should be looking at the entire picture.
xD That's silly.
Feel so tired.
Hey umm can some pony tell me what this video link is i don't know what it is
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1H40wUz-Fd8&feature=player_detailpage
This is sooo Un-Rainbow. D:
Moopy: There's a rainbow dash version of that now too.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcGHpy5Z3kE
Oh come on, I need to Dash! D:
Oh crap never mind i already know what that video link was
that awkward moment when 5 minutes later you realise its looping
I need to sleep, that's like the opposite of a Rainbow.
Rainbow sleeps a lot. :D
you will do nothing productive ever again http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygI-2F8ApUM&feature=related
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7f0kPcxBx0E Piano cover is 20% cooler
Oh Brodyquest. You are used for so many things. :D
I've been Rainbow Dashing all day today, I need to sleep now. D:
DoctoDoctorWho: aww yeah, no Molestia crap :D
08,01DoctoDoctorWho: i feel like shit! woo!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQjiX5KI9WE
08,01DoctoDoctorWho: but seriously, i've been up for about 24 hours straight now
08,01again
MASF123: Theeeeen sleep! *throws clouds at MASF123*
08,01i should stop doing this
08,01Ninjazz: i feel simultaneously hot and cold, and i want to puke my guts out
only Pegasi can sleep on clouds. D:
08,01what's not to love?
08,01MadSurge: not for another few hours; i have meetings
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwe0daWswqc&feature=my_liked_videos&list=LLH5u48Qgmlwz6VInDtA1D3g
08,01a cloud sounds mighty comfy right now
MASF123: Use it as a pillow. :)
08,01but i tried that last night
expensive*
But I'm not a Pegasi. :(
08,01turns out that in reality, clouds are really just noisey, hard, and unforgiving machines
My head will sink right through it. :/
MASF123: Put it in a pillow case. >_> Then use it as a pillow. We earth ponies can think of anything.
08,01it's funny because i'm a cloud administrator.
08,01and that's actually what i've spent all night doing
Ouch.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVZGNO0VVTA&feature=player_detailpage
Don't you delegate responsibilities?
I hate being an Earth pony. :|
I have to use my brain to solve everyday problems. I can't use Magic or flying to get anywhere.
Moopy: Bruce Cambell is better than Duke Nukem. :P
MASF123: True~ But we work hard and have more knowledge in other aspects. :)
MASF123: well its nice being a unicorn I guess
No wing or horns...just a plain old horse that can speak.
MASF123: especially seeing where I went to college,
MASF123: And what's the problem with that? I we get along just fine~ Im an earth pony and I can't complain.
I do...only Earth pony that seems content is Pinkie Pie.
I didn't ask to be an Earth pony, but that's how Celestia/Lord Smooze made me. So now I have to live that way.
/me sighs
After spending 12 years under celestia in Celestia's school for gifted unicorns, I graduated and left for further schooling at the university of canterlot
Hahaha are we discussing earth ponies? Thought noone had them as OC :D
Carrot Top, Big Mac, Cheerilee, Applejack. They all seem pretty content to me. :) They just work hard like eeeeeverypony else.
here's an add http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oxy9mrKplzA
MadSurge: It appears that way. :D But I have an OC earth pony. :P
Enrol Now!
Klumzeedragon: if I wasn't so lazy I would have one too :D
Anywho, I have to go bed...NOT ON THE CLOUDS or on a magial comfy bed, but on a plain bed.
MASF123: bye! Have nice dreams!
08,01Klumzeedragon: cloud computers
MASF123: Twilight and Rarity don't have magical beds. :P But enjoy a food nights sleep. :)
08,01or rather, clusters that run cloud computing platforms
good*
MadSurge: Pony Generated mine and drew it. Still thinking on a colour and cutie mark. :D So Im lazy too.
08,01applejack and rainbow dash would make adroable babies with each other
08,01and before anyone questions it: magic.
MASF123: I feel the need to inform you that unicorns have normal beds too, and actually given the scarcity of cloud cities, much fewer pegasi have cloud beds than one would think...
08,01DoctoDoctorWho: actually, unicorns sleep upside-down in trees, like bats
MadSurge: Zap apple stripped?
Lies! Unicorns sleep like possums, not bats!
striped*
08,01MadSurge: i'd think that the rainbow mane and tail is a genetic mutation, one that could potentially be passed down
:D
08,01though child colour seems to be somewhat random
Inded
*indeed
So Rainbow Dash's father had a rainbow moustache.
08,01though you don't see many, well, any, rainbow maned ponies around
08,01so maybe dash's colours is a brand new mutation
And I have noticed that all Unicorn magics colour seems to be based off eye colour. :P
A stylish one.
08,01or a very rare one that requires 2 carriers in order for the trait to be expressed
Klumzeedragon, ikr? I've always noticed that.
Ninjazz: Yuh. It always makes me do the Rarity "Pfft" when people call everypony with green magic a changling. :D
08,01Ninjazz: how do possums sleep
08,01Klumzeedragon: everypony is a changeling
08,01nice
08,01i did not know that
The more you know! ~*
hmmm cool
The shocking truth.
08,01Moopy: it went fine, actually; i got to the airport 10 minutes before check-in closed, but i managed to make it to my plane
Klumzeedragon, actually, I've been noting inconsistensy with that for a while now.
thats good to hear
Did you get something to eat?
08,01not until i was back home, no
08,01i had no euros left
heh euros
Ninjazz: Yeah, I never really noticed it until Flim and Flam me thinks. I kind of thought like, "They have no green in their fur or mane... how is their magic gre... EYES!"
Grrrr.
Ninjazz: Grr?
Disconnect.
Ah. :D Did you get my last thing about Flim and Flam?
hello everypony im baack
well, I dont sleep upside-down
08,01i miss my Koen
therainbowvortex: Welcome back. :)
08,01it's a bugger that i won't see him again until January
08,01but! i will be spending about a month with him then
Aw. Well that sounds like it will make up for it. :)
08,01then another few months away
08,01then i graduate, and if we're still going strong, we might move in together
hey is there no streem
Why so much time apart? :S
08,01Klumzeedragon: he lives in the netherlands, i live in scotland
08,01and i'm studying currently
Also, no Klumzeedragon, I did not.
/me claps at therainbowvortex unamusedly
And nope therainbowvortex. Caramel stopped about an hour ago.
Ninjazz: Yeah, I never really noticed it until Flim and Flam me thinks. I kind of thought like, "They have no green in their fur or mane... how is their magic gre... EYES!"
08,01Klumzeedragon: i told myself i'd never do one again
08,01but this has a definite and quite near end to the long distance part
Klumzeedragon, I noticed it when I was comparing Twilight's and Rarity's aura's.
okay who wants me to link the my little dashie lyabye i found today
I just gave up on having any form of relationship awhile ago
therainbowvortex: Do it man! :D
DoctoDoctorWho: Whys that? :(
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t94jm-aQidk&feature=g-vrec
If you dont mind me asking. :$
there it is
Klumzeedragon: wel this one time, at band camp...
DoctoDoctorWho: Oh my. >_> That explains everything~
sorry, had to. now ill be serious
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Vocal Music: Lessons / Home (Zecora's Song)
Kumlzeedragon i posted it
It all started a few summers ago when I began on my quest for world domination
therainbowvortex: And something to reverse the lullaby. http://derpy.me/JCsNc
therainbowvortex: And yes~ Thank you. :)
i cant cry but its so sad :(
<_< You don't say DoctoDoctorWho .
Klumzeedragon: I realised after a few months of plotting that any kind of romantic relationship would simply be torn apart
Oh hey therainbowvortex
so has any pony watched the rainbow luyllabye
hhey Moopy watch this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t94jm-aQidk&feature=g-vrec
ok
Klumzeedragon: so to save the world, I dedicated my life to that of an overlord, sacrificing my heart to do so
DoctoDoctorWho: Makes sense. Protecting them early. Got it. :P
11,028 more hours till the new iPhone is announced \:3/
Yay! I'm so excited!
11,02:D
SuperBrony64: Ew. Technology. :P
:3c
11,02D:
11,02Mooooo O.O
MOOOOO!
greatnow im crying
11,02:<
great now im crying
/me hugs therainbowvortex
SuperBrony64: You're technology report made him cry! :D Not really it's the lullaby hr's been listening to. :)
Klumzeedragon: And Im not kidding around, most pple dont take me srsly when I speak of my plans
Your*
hugs SuperBrony back
dam i mean SuperBrony64
that was good therainbowvortex very touching i liked it
DoctoDoctorWho: Aw. Well since I've listened to your story of your plans, I get put on the not kill list? Or at least the painless death list?
Am I some kind of soulless monster for reading MLD 4 times and not shedding a single tear?
Moopy i watched it and now ive gota tears in my eyes
Nope.
DoctoDoctorWho: Nope. I've read it and didnt cry either. :D
i was going to bust mine out but i barley almost did but it was great
i think i need a hug
Klumzeedragon: And dont worry, the bronies are safe, even outside of that I want to keep casulties to a minimum so I actually HAVE an empire to rule when Im done
/me hugs therainbowvortex :)
/me hugs therainbowvortex
*Moopy hugs therainbowvortex*
DoctoDoctorWho: Wewt! :)
hugs Klumzeedragon and doxtodoctorWho and Moopy
thanks every pony
your welcome
:)
I dont know who this doxtodoctorwho is, but it sounds just like raditz
okay thats it rainbow dash is best pony
i think the same way dude
Eck. 2 am. I think it's time for me to get some shut eye.
DoctoDoctorWho opps i am so so sorry it dark i cant really see my keybord
therainbowvortex: lol np
SuperBrony64: You should sleep too since you're... :| 'trying' to get on a better sleep schedule. :P
Gnight, Klumzeedragon. Sleep well.
man i reely love this fandom i realy do
Klumzeedragon: I got up at 2, now its 4, darn these ponies, they drive me to insomnia
11,02Refresh embed :3
DoctoDoctorWho: I know the feeling. Im usually up until 6am and DAMN YOU. Right when Im about to leave you start streaming and force me to stay longer. :) I love you.
More Jaguar business, huh? :3
Needs more N64. :P
Klumzeedragon: by you u ment bronystate rite?
11,02Best colors :3
okay i need a fanfic to bring back the hapines
Dem N64 colors.
SuperBrony64: wuts this?
DoctoDoctorWho: No. xD I meant, you, as in SuperBrony64.
11,02Checkered Flag
ah
brb, aquiring fud
11,02Crud, there's lag ;A;
Dark_Horst: Racing game on the odd blocky Jaguar.
00,10ofcorse there is lag it's procaster
11,02i fixed it :3
Fine. I'll have an Otter Pop and enjoy the stream until Im done with that. Then I will sleeps!
11,02Oh sure, I do awesome not streaming then when I stream, I do junk ><
k im bak, With food
And what better breakfast for the aspiring brony han Applejacks!
Streams not working for me SuperBrony64. It's buffering with the game paused back from when you said lag.
with my titanium spork no less!
I refreshed and what not a few times too. :D
11,02That's weird...
11,02anypony else getting the problem too?
DoctoDoctorWho: Titanium you say? Fascinating. :O
Yeah loadsa buffer
Same, Klumzeedragon
11,02Lemme try restarting the stream
same here
Whew. I was gonna say, am I the only pony watching? :D
Klumzeedragon: yes, a titanium spork
11,02Any better?
Much. :)
Eeyup :3
11,02Yay :3
11,02What track should I race on now? :)
So don't worry, we didnt see you do junk. :)
Well, an ad started, so I guess it's working-oh wait, yes it does!
Arctic Run?
11,02I just did that one, but okie :3
11,02With rain this time :D
What game is this? :O
11,02Checkered Flag on the Atari Jaguar
Oh. :D I guess I didnt see it.
SuperBrony64: emulator? :D
11,02Heck no
11,02I use legit stuff :)
^ o.o
Dat sudden stop
OH DEAR LORD, A WORKING JAGUAR?
Im pissed right now, and when Im pissed, it rains
Oh my. You splatted those penguins! :D
DoctoDoctorWho: Im only happy when it raaaaains~!
NOT THE PENGUINS!
Good morning, everypony! :)
RaveBrony: Morning~ :)
Klumzeedragon: cant have anything to do with the fact that my special talent is storm magic can it?
This game looks so boring :D and hi RaveBrony!
Hiya Klumzeedragon and MadSurge :$
MadSurge: Looks like an unfinished version of Mario Kart 64.
Is this SB streaming? :o
Yep
RaveBrony: Eeyup. :P
Awesome! Its been a While since ive seen one of his streams!
DoctoDoctorWho: Hm. I can't see any reason why that would happn. >_>
why cant i see streem
Well, I shall go to bed.
Good night, everypony.
Polydunami: Night~ :(
11,0241.4 :D
:)*
11,02night Polydunami :)
Aw, bye Polydunami!
What game is this? lol
therainbowvortex: Try refreshing?
Thanks for awesome streaming! :3
SuperBrony64 It's about 2:25am for you, is it not?
11,02I've been hooked on this game lately O.O
I'm out of here
11,02DashWithRainbows: Yesh :3
:O
o.o
Go to bed >:I
RaveBrony: Chekered Flag. :)
The option screen sounds like something for the amiga :D me likes
DashWithRainbows: I already said that to him. And then he started streaming. :P
Klumzeedragon: Oh, ty :)
SuperBrony64: Use the boost to get through!
:o
DashWithRainbows: Yeah, he kinda didnt even acknowledge me saying it. :P
Your car goes like 2x faster than any of theirs. that doesnt really seem fair. :D
I wonder where nittany and scoots are, havent seen him in awile
them*
I saw... nittany last night and scoots is on ocassionally. Mainly he's been busy with school.
Nittany was on yesterday. As for Scoots, I think he was the same.
Morning everyone.
I havent really been on much. So i hadnt noticed :o
Hey Meanwhile :)
They turn soooo perfect! :D
Someone's early. G'morning, Meanwhile.
And morning Meanwhile. :)
My, I don't know what this is but it looks so old it was probably caned in school.
How many laps are there? O.o
It's from ye olde N64.
I'd probably guess at 10.
It's older than most of my cousins.
Ninjazz: Nah. The Atari Jaguar. :)
Feh.
Same thing.
Whatever it's from it's probably older than I am.
Ninjazz: N64 looks so much nicer. :D
Good morning, Bronystate.
Klumzeedragon, I couldn't tell the difference. :p
I assume it's SB playing?
Hey Gold_Demona :)
Morning Gold_Demona.
Hai Gold_Demona
G'morning, Gold_Demona.
Correct, Meanwhile.
Gold_Demona: Hey there~
Good day, Meanwhile.
11,021ST :D
Dat AXA
Woot!
A winner is you.
11,02\:D/
SuperBrony64: Good job. :P
05mornin
05i love wednesdays
11,02Hai Wrek :3
05i got the entire day off
Morning Wrek
Goomorning Wrek
Morning Wrek.
Morning Wrek
Mornin' Wrek
G'morning, Wrek.
DashWithRainbows: Get him now while he's in the chat!
11,02iPhone 5 Day \:D/
Hiyo Wrek
wut
Wrek: Morning. :)
Huh?
Klumzeedragon Nah, I'm too relaxed to do anything.
11,02I actually like this game :)
:P
11,02Controls are a steep curve, but once you get the hang of it, it becomes pretty cool :3
05i got 2 philadeplhia cheese sandwiches
Wrek: And the whole day off? Whats your plans? Relaxation or party hardy?
05and some meat and potato pie
05and half a liter of portello
And those all sound delicious. :D
05whic his like root beer but better
Lucky! Im sick and cant have that :(
Geh, cheese as the main, do not want.
11,02Who wants to see the UGLIEST Atari Jaguar game? :3
Go for it SB.
05Meanwhile: not cheese in the sense you think it is
Wrek: Sounds like the makings of the most awesome lunch ever. =D
Lets see it!
11,02Here we go :D
So it isn't just really old milk?
05see it more like cottage chese but sligthly different tase and more pasty
05taste*
Oh god :D
lol, the original Doom
05not watery
11,02I kid ofc :3
Whats wrong with DOOM?? Lol
Oh :D
05wait SB playign DOOM?
Wait wait wait.
05gotta see this
Guess I can give you the benefit of the doubt having never had cottage cheese, but I hate cheese by itself.
Nothing wrong with Doom. Doom is awesome
SB playing Doom?!
11,02Wrek: Right after I shown them this abomination :P
Aww, it's gone. :<
Oh gawd wat.
by... Rubbish.
Anypony here watch FMA:Brotherhood?
o_o
11,02ugggggh
....
05DoctoDoctorWho: i have watched it
05its good
I love FMA
WHAT'S WITH ALL THE CHEEEEESE?!
05it doesnt top the first
This music is scaring me.
05but its still good
:O
05as for this game, it remidns me of jazz jackrabbit
DoctoDoctorWho I watched the first FMA anime, but I haven't had the chance to see Brotherhood yet.
05unitll i saw the gameplay
I hate cheeeese T^T
dafuq??
05Meanwhile: then i just GOTTA make you an haloumi and avocado sallad
05then you'll bnever hate cheese in the same way
Cheese is one of my favortite food groups. ;3
