CriticKitten: kids are cruel
CriticKitten: sometimes
I feel your pain, bro.
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Larrys/Jetpack Comics Shared Version for Issue #2
don't get me wrong, being a teacher is an extremely hard job. I sometiems see that my teachers sometimes want to rage quit on my classes soemtimes.
well it also depends where you teach
^^
I have to say, I've gotten to one of the better schools. At least half the people here are actually dedicated to making an effort.
That's the good thing the higher you get in the system
My school's the bottom of the barrel. :D
more people are there by choice rather than "Just cuz"
And it shows.
Wait..
My teachers are actually good this eyar though, but in middle school, I had some pretty bad teachers.
Have you seen blackboard Jungle? That movie made me hurt inside- poor teachers
Doom 3 was AFTER Quake 4?
Dat Russian accent.
Like doom 3, the engine is fantastic as long as you don't look too close
Doom 3 was first silly
CriticKitten: Are you teaching somewhere that's middle class?
No.
Shizuka: Really? It feels like Doom 3 was released around 2008 or so
South Bend.
It's a hellhole.
my high school was BS, it was work for the sake of work, and there was insane amounts of it. college is so much easier
CriticKitten: Ouch. I heard about how bad the schools can be there.
Oh nice. Quack FO'
I think doom3 was 200..6-7?
I basically took this job because "it's a job" originally, because I too believed in the logic of "any job > no job". But that was before this place.
Vivix: 2005.
Now I've changed my mind.
woah really?
Vivix: Time...
Sucks
it flies like a bitch-
with wings
CriticKitten, can you switch the school?
:3
EPIC QUAKE MUSIC GO
Guys, Doom 3 was released a year earlier before Quake 4.
Vivix: Silly filly, dogs don't have wings.
Invi: No. The whole district is this bad.
stop trolling me Time ;__;
hehe
VenHur: 2004? O.o
Vordox: Correct.
im hoping to teach calc 1-2 or earlier at some point
Bangbangbangbang
Hooooly crap that's old
Our school is only "good" in the district because we rarely have violence against our teachers. But that's about all I can say.
wow-
Hard stuff man.
Some of our teachers have been assaulted or threatened with weapons or whatnot
now I feel old
So yeah.
:D
yay gun laws
Hello. So what are we watching?
shizumobile: Speaking about FPS; you tried out the game I gave you yet? =3
pfff
I'm in snooty land, so we don't see that. But the kids act like spoiled brats though.
What I wants for a video game of my own is an indie game I had in mind.
Sick_icybeauti: they don't act, they are.
ohai Casey1859
VenHur: I'm listening...
spoiling a child does exactly what it says on the tin
Vordox: Duh....I met a few that don't act liek snoots though.
Sargent Shizu takes on the strogg army, single handedly
In a related story, I sympathize wholeheartedly with the Republican platform of "enough babying the kids, hold them to standards and pick winners/losers instead of everybody-wins-mentality".
Sick_icybeauti: Take good care of them... Of course without favouriticing them
Because this school is a prime proof of what happens when there is no standard and everybody wins.
There's zero discipline and everybody fails. :D
Vordox: I had such bad experiences with some of them...I hate all of them
Sidescrolling of the 2D Mario games, speed of the Sonic games, 2D/3D of Super Paper Mario, an customizable weapon system, etc.
Sick_icybeauti: *Pats*
And you end up with Calculus students who can't do Algebra
So have you tried the game, shizumobile ? =3
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvGzj6bJi7c&feature=plcp
Time: There's a stream going on
/me slaps Time's hands.
There is?
no video links on stream
I did go into lookign why are system "is" failing (And I emphasize the is becasue it failed pretty much :P)
I'll refresh.
so, what game is this?
And time traveling of Chrono Trigger.
It feels weird listening to guns while playing Sonic R
Ok. ;)
thelonepony: quake 4
Remeber kids, only vid allowed during stream is the welcome wagon
...Yeah, I know, unoriginal concept, but it can sold well.
Michael|sad: thanks :)
SHOTTY
BEST WEP FTW
floof
dat shotgun
I really shoudl be writing my essay...
I'll explain more if you guys are still listening.
I really should be sleeping.
Disregard Essay
VenHur: I'm always listening.
More than you know.
all the floof
You shall stay with us...Forever~
Beats writing about a dead dude.
/me is listening
is mine
You know what's weird...?
In earlier Quake, the logotyp was used almost everywhere
I've yet not seen it here
Well the government picking winners and losers isn't the right way for things to go. In capitalism, the customer picks winners and losers. And the government just has to let the best company win and punish the companies who do bad things, and let the companies that can't adapt suffer.
brb
Not what I meant
:P
While I haven't thinked of an story for my video game project, it does revolves around a time travelling/dimensions theme.
oh capitalism
CriticKitten, oh. Right. Sorry for delving into that tangent, then.
Ooh, I should play a game I never beat
Sonic 2GG
VenHur: Oh Sci FI?
Good afternoon, everyone. How are you all today? :)
VenHur: Best theme right there.
ohai AJIsAwesome, and today is a bad day :(
it seems like i had luck with the school where i was in ^^ We just had a big bunch of drug dealers, but no actual violence ^^
Anyways, yes I know I ranted, I do apologize for that. I'm just tired of coming home and feeling like absolute shit. I'd like nothing more than to have my job be fulfilling, but it's anything but.
But the "tougher standards" We need some kind of standard, but when it's getting to the point that kindergartens don't have playgrounds, you have a problem.
CriticKitten: Better than awkward silence, as far as I'm concerned.
CriticKitten: Make your workplace better
/me hugs CrimsonPhoenix
Michael|sad: What's wrong? :(
/me hugs CriticKitten
Accept Fate
ACK
SpeedyBolt: No, fuck Fate
opps...Didn't tab enough lol
Make your own
BLOULOULOULOULOULOU!!
AJIsAwesome: my aunt died...
But Vordox
FAAAAAAAATE
Michael|sad: :(
but SpeedyBolt, CONTROL YOUR LIFE
And you probably think I'm exaggerating there. I am so not.
ohai Ayejay
I`M GOING TO CHANGE EVERYONES FATE!! MWAHAHAHAHA
Michael|sad: Man, that sucks. You have my condolences. :(
CriticKitten: I actually heard a case of where a senior in new jersey didn't know how to read in 12t grade, and he got pushed through the system
thanks AJIsAwesome
<3 quake cosole
If you choose to control your life, fate told you to control your life
Faaaaaaaaaaate~ -killed-
Michael|sad, you have my condolences too
Hello AJIsAwesome :)
Michael|sad: No problem. Just take it easy.
Celestia`s_Bunny: If you have the death note :D
CriticKitten: Who cant ADD?
MadSurge: Hello. :)
We were doing a mapof europe, a kid didn't know where spain was...
hai Ayejay
SpeedyBolt: Yep.
Hi, thelonepony. :)
thelonepony, then bunny still needs our real names ^^
thanks y'all for your condolences :)
I've lost hope for all of humanity now.
Invi: that too :D
thelonepony: forget the death note, I just bow and arrow
And my entire table didn't know who our vice president is...
Does anyone know if they will be 1080p livestreaming season 3?
ja
CriticKitten: So what you think of the cause then?
i dont know who the vice president is either
Celestia`s_Bunny: But you will never hit me Katniss :D
neither do i care
Richard Nixon
Nichard Rixon
thelonepony: I`ll get aimbot
Just remember these facts the next time you say "we should get rid of the Electoral College". Because the alternative is that THESE kids get to vote for the president directly. :D
Al Gore
Why not Zoidberg?
crazy al
Vordox: It's cultural.
FFFFFFFFFFFFFF
Obama is our vice
CriticKitten: where do you live?
lawl jaymoo
I might know. So in kindergarten, they need everyone to know the alphabet. A few kids might remember it, but a majority parrot it just to get by. It isn't taking in the information, they just do it not to get penalized.
Celestia`s_Bunny: That is not MLG >:I
They're raised in an environment where lack of effort is encouraged.
lol
thelonepony: forgrt MLG
Welcome to the Obamination, folks
i also dont know the alphabet :P
The Alphabet is the easiest bet
Sprunkls Neither do i :P
AJIsAwesome: http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/14e4af1152ec2f8ef9515e7c1eb8eb86.png down Dashie, DOWN
Kandarihu: It started long prior to Obama.
And then dumb peopel get shoved through the system. I know kids who didn't even pass last year get shoved inot high school. That's saying soemthing.
MadSurge: :D
VenHur: How much coding can you do?
Invi: (V) (;,,;) (V)
Anyone else notice how short these maps are
well actually
e.o
lol
i do know the english alphabet cause the alphabet song
It's been going on since....at least the Reagan years.
:D
CriticKitten, I suppose so. But Romney would probably do something about it
KandarihuFastBreak21: better than Romney though
shizumobile: Fine by me. :P They are still good quality on variation
twoiloight_spurnkle, there is an alphabet song? :3
Well, I had to say this, but coding ALL the game by myself may takes a hell of a long time... ^-^||
Everybody at my school doesnt like Obama
Back in the before about the 60's, we actually had one of the best educational systems ever. I don't know what happened.
VenHur: Tried Game Maker?
yus Invi , its quite helpful for people with terrible memory like me :D
Kandarihu: It's not Romney's job to. Education should be a state issue. The feds keep making it worse.
SpeedyBolt: RACISTS
Vordox: I'll might look it up.
Not even the blacks
VenHur: 2D or 3D?
ERMAGERD THEY VOTED AGAINST OBAMA, THEY MUST BE RACIST
CriticKitten, he'd make it a state issue again.
That's why I have to write this essay I have. They think if kids do reading.writing practice in other classes, they'll score better...But nope.
twoiloight_spurnkle, but... how fast can you tell me the alphabet backwards?
No Child Left Behind = no standards, because it's more important to pass kids through the system so our numbers look good.
Not fast at all
Romney sucks
Invi: veeery slowly :P
Vordox: A mixture of two, both centered on camera control, and the gameplay.
politics in BS :o
We actually need someone who can fix this up, but it's going to take a shit load.
VenHur: Game Maker handles 2D well, but it's harder to make use of 3D
Oh, guys
Kandarihu: Actually that wasn't his platform. It was in Ron Paul's platform, and Perry's.
POLITICS GO AWAY
VenHur: If you want 3D, It's either Unity3d or UDK3
man, Gamemaker
During a class yesterday, we were learning about gods
I haven't used that in a while
VenHur: Otherwise, Game Maker makes good use for 2D
SpeedyBolt: history?
Buytoast: What? :P
Which is why I liked Paul, incidentally.
also: without looking: what colors (in the right order) does the google logo have? :D
SpeedyBolt: greek gods?
"So students, who is the god of war"
aries
Aries???
Everybody but me. Said. Kratos.
kratos
Inb4 kratos
isnt mars also
hahaha
KANE?
depends on which pantheon youre using
I was like "Are you all retarded?"
that Game Maker thing i bought about a year ago that i haven't used since that class
I really should be as dedicated to paying attention to my fast breaking as I was to my fast.
DOWN WITH GDI!
<_<
lol
CriticKitten: *GASP* YOUR TRUE FACE
CriticKitten: GDI?
no time really these days
I swear that guy said Kane.
I remember last eyar, my teacher asked who the presidental canidates are. I was the only one who knew...:(
CriticKitten NOD scum! :[
Buytoast: There's always time
Buytoast: It's the worst excuse there is
HA
AHAHAHA
killerpony7733: It's pronounced "The Brotherhood of NOD", thank you
not when you're taking classes there isn't
Yeah, there's always
TIme
Buytoast: 27 years old, having 3 side project, and 1 School Project going on right now, And I am in College, working and educating from 7 am to 7 PM.
CriticKitten, what classes do you actually teach?
So yes, there is Buytoast :P
that's nice
CriticKitten Meh you filthy NOD people are all the same and deserve no respect :)
doesn't mean there's time for everyone
Vordox: you teach?
Buytoast: Depends on what you have to sacrifice
Invi: It's a mix. I've got some remedial Algebra kids, and also AP Calculus kids.
sacrifice a leg
What Game?
So the full spectrum.
twoiloight_spurnkle: No, I'm just like to overspend time on my creations
<--- Perfectionist.
not e4verything can be sacrifised
And always hate what I end up with...
He DID say Kane@!
If anything, CriticKitten, here in Italy students are clamoring to have funds put back into uni and school. And we do greek gods since kindergarten :D
Vordox: what creations
twoiloight_spurnkle: Game Designer
CriticKitten: Math.....Generally, that's where the worst grades I see happen.
I WANT THE UNIVERSE
I get a planet
That kind of thing :p
lawl
I want a planet
I'll name it Broniseus
ah, Game Design
I want a plant
get ready fora future of making Call of Duty rehashes
Sick_icybeauti: That's because it's also the most work-intensive class
Buytoast: How to create interesting games... :P
Buytoast: FUCK NO
Buytoast: I'm a 2D Specialist
Sick_icybeauti: not true, thats chemistry
Buytoast: NNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
i want to meet shen long
Buytoast: My weakness is 3D or 3D Engines(UDK)
Teehee
Morris
CriticKitten: That too. You atually have to know what you're doing. twoiloight_spurnkle Science too.
Maybe I should run doom 3 again?
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Drawfriend Stuff #619
shizumobile: What about the gift I gave you? =3
nighty everypony ^^
Now, are friendly soldiers immune to friendly fire shizumobile?
Gnight Invi
i enjoy the 2d stuff too
Have not got to it yet
Buytoast: which ones?
shizumobile: Awww, well in due time
Night, Invi. :)
shizumobile: Just so you know! Nittany has it too!
a shame i don't have time to work on it more with all this other shit
Take care!
Morris is such a funny name
just 2d stuff that plays good
It makes me giggle everytime I hear it
Night Invi :)
bye Invi
november 15 star wars ToR goes f2p
ToR was DoA
Raven Squad? Is their call signal "Nevermore"?
and it's still dead
This guy was in minority report btw
Buytoast: Nah, it had a great start.
RoboGerbil: lol did they plan that or are they doing it because nobody's playing?
twoiloight_spurnkle: a bit of both
shizumobile: You know what's fun...?
shizumobile: But to TALK To them you need to do it
*marine*
And that's where the feeling of the game for me drops big time
bioware was for the f2p model from the start but EA wanted nothing to do with it.
HOLY SHIT
death battle Link Vs cloud
Bronysith: I don't agree with the outcome
Bronysith: On one side, we have a God, on the other, a measly time traveler
And the God Loses?
I call bs
Bronysith: cloud should win :(
Link would won, I mean, come on, he had a shield, Cloud don't. That's All Folks.
cloud as in the final fantasy cloud?
Love how Shizu nods and shakes her head in the game. XD
VenHur: Cloud has super powers to CALL DOWN THE GOD DAMN UNIVERSE on Link
"Lolnope, forgot that"
cloud have Odin
"What were you doing, chatting with the other squads?" *nodnodnod*
ded
CriticKitten: That's a sign showing that she's really enjoying the game? :P
Vordox: since when doe he have that power?
...But more on the serious matter, Link will win because he had a tons of weapons in his arsenal, bombs, arrows, the Hookshot, etc!
this quake 4?
CriticKitten Adds humor :P
twoiloight_spurnkle: Let's see, Calling great powers from all over the world, and universe
*check*
MAX
Vordox: maybe its because i didnt play ff7, but i didnt know he was so powerful. even sephiroth cant do that, and hes stronger than cloud, its canon
brb
twoiloight_spurnkle: If Sephi is stronger then Cloud, why did Cloud "kill" him so easy?
twoiloight_spurnkle: And I am speaking Early game
Vordox: because he screws around too much. and sephiroth Is the strongest character in the ff7 universe, writers said it, its canon
twoiloight_spurnkle: LAWL
twoiloight_spurnkle: You forgot other people.
Vordox: what other people? the writers said it
twoiloight_spurnkle: Zack, Rufus(Heallo!), Cloud, Sephiroth, Vincent
twoiloight_spurnkle: Writers says alot, but they are wrong. :P
*nodnodnod*
Vordox: ...they WROTE the story
writers create the world, we interpret it
The GAME shows the story, and the story says otherwise.
I think i'll modify textures in SA2 now...
You can hear my silent excited giggling :)
Vordox: the writers Define the story, if they say its true then it is, they Created the world. im not talking about in-game, im talking story-wise
shizumobile: UNLIMITED POWAAAH
that includes the movie right?
yes Vivix
twoiloight_spurnkle: "Sephi is stronger" *Cloud wins every Sephi fight* *Sephi is strongest* "wtf here"
stronger doesn't mean autowin
Vordox: i already told you why
SpeedyBolt: You're going to modernize it, aren't you?
twoiloight_spurnkle: Yeah but as I said
I can barely remember the movie-
Nah
Vordox: he screws around too much
The GAME is where we are, writers are on the othe side
twoiloight_spurnkle: That I won't deny. :P
VenHur: I'm going to rape everything
SpeedyBolt: ?
SpeedyBolt: Oh...well, I would love to see an SA2 HD Edition.
Dont we have one of those?
Vordox: in terms of-ingame character playability, idk whos the strongest. but story and canon-wise, sephiroth is the strongets
SpeedyBolt: Let me know if the project is in works.
twoiloight_spurnkle: Want me to take an extreme example and suprise you about writers?
twoiloight_spurnkle: Seifer KILLED A FUCKING GOD
VenHur: probably unlikely, Generations hacking seems to be the biggest thing right now
Seifer = Mid hard boss person
MIND BLOWN
Hey shibaru
I don't care about the story as one aspect, the game is the full complete telling.
It's like saying Twilight is good. :P
then you're discussing two different things Vordox
Vivix: Technically, I'm discussing the game, which is the part where people are playing it
F1 has a story and time line that is canon, that is not related to player choice
And that's assembled by tons of aspects.
he's discussing the story and the canonity of it
Vordox: cloud was never a god, and he wasnt even as powerful as sephiroth, which is canon, so link couldve beaten him
look at openchoice and most rpg games have an "ideal timeline" and history for further canon- that's the canon story, your choices strengths and interpretations aren't in those games. I don't know about FF but it's normal many times
twoiloight_spurnkle: And what the hell is Link then?
XD
why did link win
that is fucking bullshit
Bronysith: Better question
Vordox: cloud was never even that powerful
but idk about link
my point is that cloud is not a god, and he cant call down the end of the universe
Bronysith: I know, compared to Cloud(WHO KILLS THE "Strongest character in the fuc'king FF7 UNIVERSE), why did Link win?
LAWL
twoiloight_spurnkle: Meteor materia says what? :P
Vordox: well, sephiroth let him win because he was messing around
Pfffft Sephiroth is overrated\
MadSurge: Agreed.
Because Link defeats Ganon everytime, over and over, in a same-dif way
...Aside from that one Timeline
Vordox: the meteor calls down a comet, its not the end of the universe. sephiroth used it but couldnt ccomplete it
twoiloight_spurnkle: He did messaround, but that should not be his undoing. If you watch the full game on all Sephi's events.
Speaking of Sephiroth
i really need to play a FF game someday
Kefka could kick Pretty Boy's nards everyday :D
MadSurge: kefka isn't strong'
He's just smart.
Vordox: there are other factors in play. yeah cloud is strong an all, but had sephiroth fought at full strength with no outside factors, cloud wouldnt win, like i said tis canon
SpeedyBolt: try the SNES era ones, they're good :)
twoiloight_spurnkle: If tis is canon
Show it
All I hear is "Writers SAID", not written OR SHOWN or anything, just "said" :P
Vordox: you want the quote of the writer?
Sorry bout thqt, phone call
twoiloight_spurnkle: Please.
i'll try to find t
*it
Vordox: also he's nuts, which made him do things a sane person would never think to do
In my game universe, the strongest is a cockroach
There, I f'cking up my game. :P
Vordox: :D
Blum!
shizumobile: I wonder... Why is it that things haven't gotten to hell yet?
NEEEEEEEEERDS
/me snickers
XD
http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/71bef188cef7745c7834021f85c68797.jpg this scene from FF10 :D
Shizuka: We're about 20 sec after
what the hell at image
Vivix: Famous laughing scene from FFX
Ooh, never played
i'm back
shizumobile: May I link a video to the laugh in FFX?
The makron is the strogg leader, killed in quake 2
For everyone? :P
Welcome back, Michael|sad. :)
Nuuu :<
I everything on you Ayejay.
thanks AJIsAwesome|AFK
shizumobile: Okay, I wont =3
Hi, Good afternoon everyone
Jmo: ?
Hiii AJIsAwesome
wb Michael|sad :)
http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/fc8074bce575d3804f3451d0a32a8efb.jpg PINKSPLOSION <3
Hi, Vivix. :)
Hi TheGreatAndPowerfulT :)
HI, TheGreatAndPowerfulT. :)
/me see's
thanks thelonepony
how are things TheGreatAndPowerfulT
hey TheGreatAndPowerfulT!
Just a question guys
/me hugs Michael|sad :3
oh it's that guy that looks like Aaron carter
Do FF games have giant spiders for enemies?
ask away
/me hugs thelonepony
/me is hugged :3
alexxm good i guess, how are you ?
/me is disturbed by video
Hi guys!
Hi SafariMonkey :3
Hi, SafariMonkey! :)
SpeedyBolt: occasionally, but not on a regular basis. Arachnophobic?
/me hugs SafariMonkey :3
ohai SafariMonkey
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 16 hours, 37 minutes, 29 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
Time is ticking! :$
:)
Hi thelonepony, AJIsAwesome and Michael|sad! :)
:D
Ohai SafariMonkey!
MadSurge: Yup
XAX: Stop reminding me!
Phase4 look even when i quite sure you alredy own some of them http://www.humblebundle.com/
Title on www.humblebundle.com: The Humble Bundle for Android 4 (pay what you want and help charity)
00,02TheGreatAndPowerfulT, already got it :P
hahaha
SpeedyBolt: they're still images, if that helps
00,02had a copy of swords and sorcery already
00,02not sure what to do with the key
Somewhat helps
Thanks
key are separated from each other?
00,02yeah
Gnight everypony, HF :)
SpeedyBolt: the bigger threats are giant stinky carnivorous plants and little lizard guys with lantern and knife
well that's weird they normaly just give one or two keys with every game there
MadSurge: Teehee, lizards
Okay, I think I might try one!
NIght, Michael|sad! :)
Hope you feel better!
Nighty Michealhttp://pbs.twimg.com/media/A7DpandCYAA4dtg.jpg
thanks again, AJIsAwesome
Wait...what is that?
Stupid Copypaste thing
SpeedyBolt: if you do, remember they're old RPGs and their story might be a cliche storm :D
I dont mind stoires
*stories
Well, like those anyways. I've heard lots in my time.
and then everybody died
Question: How can I add a mini description under my dA name? :)
Testing.
Hi AJIsAwesome, it works
chats ded
Ah. :D
SpeedyBolt: there's a good version of FF4 for the DS, but it's fond of dick moves from the enemies :D the GBA one is also good in translation, but it's easier than the original :D
Thanks for the info
and while learning and looking through files...I found the Chao textures
Time to spray paint their eyes blood red :$
What game is this? Quake 4?
SpeedyBolt: Texture editing? :)
Hello eli!
*Hello Eli! :)
SafariMonkey: Eeyup, and Hi :$
Gah, my internet died. Did someone ping me?
oum, hi? you're fast...
Hey
hi. :)
Playin with my new 3DS 8)
Eli: Sorry, too fast for you?
I think I need to stop, not feeling well...
I ask again, what game is this?
so 10 episode marathon after movie night tomorrow?
i'm so weak when there are soundtracks in the line ...
Hope you feel better, Shizu. :)
Eli: Yep. :)
i'm so not gonna sleep
I'm gonna take a short nap. :D
SafariMonkey: youp. too fast for my little slow lump of a brain today
Also, I have no idea what this game is. SOrry. :)
13hope ponies enjoyed
KandarihuFastBreak22: Pretty sure it's quake 4
My homies my gs
thx Shizuka
thanks for the stream Shizuka
Specifically, mission 8
It was awesome, Shizuka :3
Thanks Shizuka!
/me hugs Shizuka
Lol I just missed it didn't I
Yeah. :D
Well, I saw him press exit
Her. :)
Her
Holla everypony! :)
d:D b
Hola
Allo GilDash
Hi GilDash
Hi, GilDash! :)
Vordox: i found one of the quotes, i'll pm it
and the movies are good too! i don't know the B movie, but How to train your dragon was one of the best animated movies in the last years :) this is gonna be one awesome weekend
So Season 3 will be streamed here?
Jetsons Movie. :)
Eli: Agreed!
GeneralKai: Yep! :)
Anyone here got Halo 4 yet? :P
When'd it release
I don't play Halo. Sorry. :D
GeneralKai: 6th
I don't had any Halo games either.
wait... jetsons? isn't that the family from the flintstones?
AJIsAwesome: Nor do I, my friends do though.
I still remember the original Halo: Combat Evolved. :S
That 1 good?
GilDash: Have you tried the anniversary edition?
SafariMonkey: Nope. I've still got the original hanging around somewhere though.
twoiloight_spurnkle: *facepalm*
Dude...
That's the ANIMATION
Not the game
=P
Vordox: so what, its the same canon
GilDash: It's pretty good, you can switch between original and new graphics. :P
twoiloight_spurnkle: Are you certain?
Vordox: its the movie, yes it is the same canon
oh awesome. what game you playing?
SafariMonkey: So I've heard. I just can't be arsed to get it when I've got the original already. I'm not interested in the multiplayer, so... meh.
it has to be the same canon
it happens after the events of ff7
they directly mention it
Movies and such get streamed here also right?
Makin miis lol
SafariMonkey, thanks
twoiloight_spurnkle: "The music was composed by Final Fantasy veteran Nobuo Uematsu, while the series' long-time character designer, Yoshitaka Amano, was replaced by Tetsuya Nomura."
GeneralKai: Yep, on BMN and random times when they feel like it. :)
BMN?
Brony Movie Night. :)
Vordox: so? it follows the same canon, different writer or not. if its the same story line, they cant just change it, doesnt matter who writes it
Which day
friday
twoiloight_spurnkle: "So"?
Your quote is from a Character Designer
Not a Story writer. :P
GilDash: http://files-5.123kinect.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/halo-comparison.jpg
Woooo time to make some plans
Vordox: yes and the character designer designed him to be the most powerdful character. the story cant go against the character design
Apples*12
its kind of the same thing really
:P
twoiloight_spurnkle: No he didn't
All your facts are ALL over the place
Vordox: the character designer said that the character is tthe most powerful one, what else d oyou want
Hey GilDash! :$
hey everypony :)
Whens the movies start tomorrow?
MadSurge: Holla! :)
Hi, Sketch_Toku_Brony. :)
7PM EST. :)
twoiloight_spurnkle: A graphical artist pointing out stuff that he does not know?
GeneralKai: theres a countdown clock top-right
*top-left
GeneralKai: see the counter over the strean box?
I could say that Shizuka is the most powerful mod in the world
Thanks
so S3 debuts tommorow or saturday? just wanna make sure :$
*stream
And all of asudden it's true?
13you would be wrong but you could
Not even similar in any regard that example Vordox
Shizuka: <3
Sketch_Toku_Brony: Saturday. :)
Vivix: Really?
yeah
I have NOTHING TO DO WITH THE STORY
ok thanks AJIsAwesome
:)
this isn't a story
Who cares what I say, it's not my department :P
so it's not even comparable
Vordox: indeed, he's actually a part of the team. and as character designer, he has a say in the matter
You have a better example in you, I know it
that was a horrible one
Depending on what the char'designers responsibility in the game was, yeah- depending on what the team had agreed on or what messages he had been told
Vivix: You want facts? brb
he might have said it's the most powerful because he was told to do so
So Shizuka, how's life?
no I don't vordox, I don't care about this game
Here's one for you twoiloight_spurnkle
Character designer Tetsuya Nomura wanted his role in the story to be different from other Final Fantasy villains, while his design was intended to contrast directly with that of the game's main character, Cloud Strife.
I see
You're not wrong, but your example and logic was awful
NOTHING
About being designed to "Look the strongest"
...
Want more facts? brb
because cloud Isnt the strongest?
Vordox: :D nothing screams "the strongest" like longe white hair :D
00,02i wish all games came with their soundtrack
MadSurge: Nomura has stated that Sephiroth was made to be a complete contrast to the game's main protagonist, Cloud, who was originally designed to have slicked-back, black hair with no spikes.
sup guys
COME ON
FACE ME WITH YOUR FACTS
I DARE OYU
00,02its pretty pointless charging you extra for it when the game itself includes the soundtrack
Don't get riled up and stupid
what the hell are you even quoting?
Vordox: I see :O
god knows
lol wha :D
graphical artist design notes it seems
twoiloight_spurnkle: Something you don't even know = Sudden realization:P
Vivix: Correct, about Sephiroth's concept and creation
Vordox: ...none of that has ANY relevance
Vordox: Well, that's because Zack was going to be the main character.
GilDash: Technically, yes. :P
Vordox: youre only quoting Parts of the Visual aspects. not only are there more aspects, but he also talks with the entire team and Knows what they were intended to be
Vordox: *sigh* what are you arguing this time?
I still don't see how this relates to the other examples, if a team member has said something about that regarding somethign they have been told or told to do, it can't be held as canon, but if its linked further in the story, such as the movies, it is
twoiloight_spurnkle: He was created to COUNTERPART with the arly drafts of Cloud
twoiloight_spurnkle: design wise.
are you people still arguing about some giant haired kid being a god or something?
Vordox: ..yes, some Parts of the Visual design
yep most of the time i just search the files of the game ._.
and also he was never a god
when did that even happen
and neither is he able to cause the end ofthe world
twoiloight_spurnkle: And about your animation
For Advent Children, the film sequel to Final Fantasy VII, script writer Kazushige Nojima thought that the film's plot would be less entertaining without Sephiroth. His revival in the film was introduced in the early stages of development, but the official decision as to how to bring him back was not reached until later.
aaaaand?
^^
Phase4 is DSL a good linux for starters ? should i try ubuntu first
twoiloight_spurnkle: Aaaand your point is breaking down on 2 fronts
00,02DSL is old and unmaintained
Here the script is writing itself
I don't even have any emotion invested in this- it's just such a straaange argument
Not prepared
Vordox: its only the script of the movie, its only them deciding what the movie is goingto be about, it says nothing about canonity
twoiloight_spurnkle: ...
What?
00,02also not the best to start with imho, core linux does what dsl used to do but they're for really old machines/spesific needs
I know he has a giant ass sword, thats as far as Im going with this.
Script is not canon anymore?
=P
Holy shit, talk about taking things too far.
00,02TheGreatAndPowerfulT, depends on what you want really
Okay, fine, you win, script doesn't mean canon.
Vordox, script planning discussions are not canon
that's--totally stupid
Bitch don't know 'bout my galactus
dev-speak isn't canon, so anythign the team has said about anyone strength outside of a script or game isn't really canon either
00,02ubuntu if you want everything to 'just work'
Vordox: dude youre not even talking about the script, all that quote says is that they were thinking what to make the movie about. what does it have to do with character canonity
galactus kicks numerus asses, /)
dat otakon
twoiloight_spurnkle: ...
oh whos streaming
dari is
meh just want to get the feel of it/ learn the basic i probably will need it sometime soon
wat
Dabi is streaming?
wat
Bullshit.
Whoops
lawl
I opened FME
But I didn't realise it was streaming
?
Newb.
Accidental stream
crap i shouldve kept quiet and spied on dabi
It starting streaming by itself
It's never done that before
I didn't refresh, so I didn't kwo. :P
Lul
I hax'd it
*know
Vordox: that quote has nothing to do with the matter
my stream is streaming on it's own
twoiloight_spurnkle: It has facts on it
I have no stream
about the planning?
Different thing
Don't exist in any of my dictionaries, so explain it
^
hello all
i couldnt find anything either
Vordox: absolutely irrelevant facts, only facts about them thinking what to make the movie about, it has nothing to do with character canon
hoi Ponymon_Anarchy
Technically, that's why we can't REALLY call Chrysalis name canon
GigabitHarmonie: hello
twoiloight_spurnkle, what are you trying to bring here?
Hi, Ponymon_Anarchy. :)
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Friendship is Magic Release Party with Stephanie Buscema
well i guess ubunto for now
releespartyyyh
ubuntu*
CrimsonPhoenix: well Vordox said that cloud is a god and is the ost powerful character of ff7 and can destroy the universe
twoiloight_spurnkle: Not destroy it, but handle it. :P
so that's what the discussion is?
well he did beat sephiroth right?
CrimsonPhoenix: it began by him saying cloud shouldve won that vs link battle video
Really?
its 00::00 here, so I have to go, night
Death Battle is horrible
CrimsonPhoenix: yeah but sephiroth messed around too much, llike i said its cann that sephiroth is stronger
Hi everipony!
hoi FutApplejack
Hi, FutApplejack. :)
Hi FutApplejack :)
Vivix: the germans called her chrysalis, it works:)
ooh true
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 15 hours, 58 minutes, 0 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
1 day
ONE DAY
You know, twoiloight_spurnkle. This is all based on one single point.
A character designer giving a quote of a writer that had written the script but the actual game of the aesthetic told otherwise.
egh
hge
hey hey
Hi Paspie :)
Hi, Paspie. :)
Helauw Paspie
Vordox: it didnt tell otherwise, just because he won doesnt mean hes stronger. if a writer says so, aka the Creator of said universe, id say its true
The...creator?
but there's a strange kernel there
wtf you on about?
DoctoDoctorWho: HEY
Kitase was the revisioner of Sakaguchi's work
if a writer or team of writers states something that was never expressed, it can't be fully canonized
Vivix: Indeed, the product says all what's needed.
When do you think alpha 1.4 will be done?
yees but the interpretation of a product might not always be canon either
hence fanon
I'm impatient for it
http://i.imgur.com/MkeWX.jpg
Vivix: The sad truth. Mystify games with no real answers.
I've never played it- but it's really hard to tell from the game?
Or hte movies for that matter
Vivix: well he wasnt the only one who said it, producers said it too. if anything, a word from the team itself is more important
twoiloight_spurnkle: Anyway, as said, Hironobu wrote the first script, but Kitase and Kazushige Nojima revisioner the script.
Gosh nothing is better than watching two dogs barking at each other to prove how alpha they are in the pack
it is more important than fanon in most cases- but it's a sticky mud issue
So the creator is Hironobu, not Kitase.
it's like crippleloo and deerboy-
POPCORN ANYONE?
that would be a great comic
oh ponymon
Stream is up
Crippleloo and Deerboooyy
That's a fake screenshot, isn't it?
Vordox: i meant creators not as in the original writers, i meant as in the part of the team that actually defines the rules of said world
CrimsonPhoenix, it's best if you don't rile or instigate anything. It's civil as it is. DOn't make it worse.
twoiloight_spurnkle: And they were aspect of the game, which tells that Sephi is not the strongest.
Oh thanks dari
:P
:D DAT IMAGE
can you point to those aspects?
/me tries not to soudn rude, but hasn't played the game
oh no the heralds of the end
Vivix: FFVII all aspects? Gameplay, Audio, Visual.
lol dat not very efeective yay
:O
Vordox: but there are no such aspects, as i said, sephiroth never was serious enough. that was also said by nomura
AJIsAwesome, it's just arguments going around
well the specific points that show his strength over sephiroth
they echo across the plains, bringing the force of reckoning
but if sephi was in the movie, he did survive the game?
Discord Drocsid
hell in the movie there was a clear point where sephiroth couldve killed cloud
Vivix: he was revived in the movie
Oh, I thoght cloud did die-
he was in the ground and he couldve just stabbed him
Oh
in the heart
Vivix: No, he died, Sephi died big time. :P
but he stabbed him in the shoulder instead
Okay
to torture hi mm
Yeah that's probably what I remember-
*him
Yep
*r
Kk
So they're evenly ish matched, but sephis ego/arrogance is his downfall?
CrimsonPhoenix: Maybe, but your making it worse than it is right now. If they want to argue, that's fine. People argue all the time.
twoiloight_spurnkle: And Cloud killed Sephi with NO EFFORT EARLY IN THE GAME WITH A MORTAL WOUND TO THE body
Oh oops, WE FORGOT that part
Vivix: to be precise his body was destroyed, but the lifestream wasnt strong enough to absorb ins mind
/me sighs and facepalm.
*you're
Okay, hm
floof
Well I'm pretty sure they're both mortal
twoiloight_spurnkle: That's true, damn remnenant of Sephi :P
or well pretty sure is assuming- so not sure at all
but..probably
AJIsAwesome, I'm fine with a good debate but when it becomes only two people and it goes around they could move it in PM and not cog the chat up
Vivix: Yeah and guess what, Sephi skewered Cloud Mortally, but Cloud still kicked his arse without any weapon and "technically" killed him
Vivix: But that point is moot, right?
Vordox: so? like i said it doesnt mean that sephiroth put everything in it and didnt screw around. Nomura Said he Never showed his true strength
not moot, no-
Vordox: Numora Cant go against the entire canon by saying that
twoiloight_spurnkle: AND here is the problem then
"He never showed"
And you're trying to justify it's canon
To me, laughing mad>serious mad. That's it
When never existing?
00,02TheGreatAndPowerfulT, dont install it with wubi, burn it to a dvd and install from there
he never showed so we can't tell either way?
Vordox: no those are two different things
Vivix: THANK YOU
Aaah
Damnit, using caps...
00,02wubi does some terrible hacks and stores the root fs on your c:\ partition, very bad idea
/me slaps self.
MadSurge: I prefer dancing mad. XD
Vordox: not only is it canon that he is the strongest, but its also canon he never displayed his true power which is why he lost
So it's in that weird place-
GilDash: such a great theme
twoiloight_spurnkle: You're mixing something that never should be mixed then twoiloight_spurnkle .
Canon > HeadCanon
Thats me :D
Vordox: people from the team said it, its not headcanon
ok, will do.
sadly, unofficial statements can't really be said to be canon-
twoiloight_spurnkle: It's headcanon.
it's sticky
i guess you could say that also Vivix
Vordox: how is it headcanon? headcanon of the writer in the least, which is still a major point
Headcanon are things that aren't really but it's stated to be, but they are not made therefore it's headcanon of the creators.
CrimsonPhoenix: True, but I think it's fine as it is. Unless it comes to a point where several people are wanting to move said argument into PM is there a problem with the argument.
its still a major point either way
yeah it's a big point but it depends, and since it depends it is very sticky
god damn i sound horrible
Ponymon_Anarchy: Nah =3
lol
Ponymon_Anarchy: You sound fine. :D
Nightmare Night derpy <3
AJIsAwesome, then I'll be the first to warn cause I find it distracting and a bit annoying
Vordox: plus like i said, in the movie sephiroth pretty much outfought him, and the movie is a part of the same canon, so hes at least as powerful
it is, but like- it's same for us mlp nerds, we can't take what faust or thiessen say as canon, because it's never been set into action- the best we get is heavy-hitting fanon
:P
twoiloight_spurnkle: But the result was...he died
im back, again :P
CrimsonPhoenix: That's fine then.
what a badass
Vordox: because he messed around too much, it doesnt mean hes weaker
AJIsAwesome, and as you know me I always do thing with a spice of humour
unless I'm not in a good mood but then I shouldn't be here if I was
CrimsonPhoenix: Sorry, it's hard to tell humor in people's comments on the internet.
AJIsAwesome, true that
wow discord as a catchable thing would be awesome
NO
@ Alchemist
CrimsonPhoenix: So we're cool?
*oops
Vordox: but even if it we put all of that aside..when as cloud a God with the power to handle the entire universe? i certainly dont rememebr that
@ alexxm
AJIsAwesome, I've always been
CrimsonPhoenix: Okay. Just making sure. :)
oooook
Hello Everypony ^_^
*nightmare moon
Hi Cypresswolf. :)
Ponymon_Anarchy "i just think it will
Hi Cypresswolf :)
moo
Nightmare Moo
how are things Cypresswolf
Ponymon_Anarchy: Type part of their name in and push tab. :)
Who's streaming?
OK guys I better go
Night all!
It's an interview
Bye, SafariMonkey. :)
I'M GOING TO CATCH SHINING ARMOR
oh thanks AJIsAwesome :)
:)
Bye SafariMonkey :)
I have great news to share - but I'll wait til after the stream to share it :)
bye SafariMonkey
Thanks AJIsAwesome, thelonepony, alexxm. :)
Hmm
Dunno
No problem. :)
dabi pls dnt stream
u suk
np SafariMonkey :)
jaymoo
b&
Jmo. :I
u wna go?
u fkn startin bro
u rly wna go bro?
fkn bring it
FUK U DEN
aw sheet
....
oi' stop startin
dems fightin words
dari, jaymoo stop startin pls. kthx.
fine :<
i dint star nuffin
is him
iz tru
his jus an aussi chav
...
jaymoo wut i tel u bout startn.
you know what word I liked? Hims. Hims a man he is
im sowwy :<
fuk u al tis is garbag
Roight.
Dari
Go to bed
It's late
aw snaps, deeweearr is here too
:D
doshwothronbows
nu hugls fer thre daiz
;______________________;
pls dnt fluffeh
dar pls
havnt u got to pik up ur asbo mum from da polic station
........
i cnt go wifout.
fine jaymoo
:3
nu hugls fer wun dai
What i miss :o
fine ;__;
stil painful 2 do
Ponymon_Anarchy: Nothing much. :)
noooo
i wil mis mah hugls.
lol
Nah mate
i wil b huggin' mahself 2 go on
No love *cries*
jaymoo u spend all day erryday hugin ur hand neway
......
lul
:<
i h8 u
so much
u started
and liking himslf
he sed so
i stahp'd
4 fluffeh
Jaymoo don't h8 dari :<
;__;
fkn trusin doshwothronbows ova me
u suk
i dnt trust any of u
Not me? :<
u both lai.
wll fk u dan
so what's diz?
Ponymon Anarchy
Dragonmatte: Interview. :)
with me :D
Dragonmatte: Interview with Discord Drocsid
He made a ponymon mod
<---which is me
ew ponymon
ew jaymoo
:3
Aha
Coo' :3
so who wants the DOWNLOAD
for my GAAAME
Not me.
Sure
o jmo
Oh shush, Jmo. :P
Is this guy even legit?
Dabi?
Duuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuude http://fav.me/d5kgt0v
Don't be so meen.
CrimsonPhoenix: Dat steampunk
Btw, Ya guize
Are you ready... for SEASON 3!?
http://ponymonanarchydownload.tumblr.com/
lean mean fighting machean
I love Steampunk so much. :D
ohai Domo
Allo ouo
DWR stfu.
Hi, Domo! :)
Hai Domo
i cnt do it fluffeh
/me huggles AttackWithHugs|AFK
:O
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1352414048044.jpg
bwhahaha
1 dai 2 maneh
/me huggles Jmo back
Got my email?
Dash in a box
Bronysith: Mane 6 go home. You're drunk.
how are things Domo
Im kinda paranoid when i'm going to press links :I
Good, tiring, but good xDD and you?
yo yo yo whats up guise... What the hell are we watching
'yo yo yo'
sonicdude558: Interview.
I wanna throw you off a cliff.
Jmo: Oh shush. :D
damn it. Wheres Luna? I want my Twi plushie back from her :P
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1352407741107.png
http://www.youtube.com/user/aaallen23?feature=mhee
y u so violent jaymoo
uve changed
Aaaah, gotta go to bed. Goodnight guys :)
CUZ U DID DIS 2 ME.
no u
I H8 U.
NIght, MadSurge! :)
NO LINKS
do dis to urself
DURING STREAM
ROFLCOPTER
loltool^
Night MadSurge
Paratex
Jmo: :P
He's the one who's being interviewed
:P
11,02dabi pls
Bronysith: That poor AK ;-;
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1352414112786.jpg
11,02u no
SB
oh god I despise these pony guns
I don't even need to know what you're going to say
I know my response will be the same
Get out
gotta restart brb
they look horrible and ruin a perfectly good firearm
11,02;~;
lolpwnd.
u got rejetd by da dabi.
11,02dabi nu lyek me ;^;
btw
anyone wants free windows 8 keys...
XD'
http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows-8/feature-packs
Hahaha Ponymon_Anarchy
:P
install windows 8, use key the give you there… activates legit forever.
Ugh sometimes i wish i live in 'Murica
wat^
dun dun DUUUUUn
11,02MURICA
HERE WE GO
Hit me with your best shot, guitar hero
HAh
I like it here
Conventions, and stoof happening there
11,02We eat chili dogs everyday here
It's not too bad, but...
Well at least Romney didn't get elected.
There's a difference between living there and visiting there.
ello everypony :$
11,02We also watch FOOTBALL
:D
I have firearms and family here
Football is Football, Soccer is NOT football xD
*troll face*
Soccer.
Socccccccccccer.
Hand egg
You're an egg.
OHOOOOO!
NewSuperBronyU: And we also have a fat Robot Constructing Mastermind that gets his butt kicked by a blue anthropomorphic hedgehog.
whawahwahwhwat?
xD
Hand egg*
http://ponymonanarchydownload.tumblr.com/post/35005757315/ponymon-anarchy-alpha-0-45-new-update
which is a neutered version of Rugby
Last time I saw soccer it was 90 minutes of 2 goals
the exact download to my latest version
horrible..
NewSuperBronyU: Don't forget JOHN MADDEN.
999999999
aeiou
Oh, and Morgan Freeman.
Here comes another japanese earthquake
John Madden is best Madden.
ebrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbr
Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Sweden is better then 'Murica, but it's much more boooring :I
xD
Nimmin, en svenske?
?!?!?!?!
"better"
Snake?
11,02Sweden? you mean they actually made a country based on those meatballs?
Snake?!
Hanako: wat
Great now I have Super Mario Bros 2 theme in my head
or Doki Doki Panic
Sweden, one giant Ikea
11,02MURICA
even people come with manuals
Hanako: Quoting the Space Exploration video.
Whoops
Dragonmatte: there is no better or worse country, all countries have good and bad things.
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1352411775334.gif
Yeah, quoting motdef
dat homework.
/me glomps dat DomoHasHomework
Kinda meh on windows 8; I tried it and it just seemed awkward to use
Also piracy
13>has homework
13>bronystate
its not piracy if its legit keys from microsoft.
13you crazy
twoiloight_spurnkle: Indeed
Bronystate > Homework
See, Math
We need to go derper!
>=
/me huggles back and then goes to math
and ffff xD
Deeper
well you have to get it from somewhere in the first place
is this the actual guys' voice?
I tried it too… i prefer more traditional windows 7.
Shizuka: people on bronystate always have homework because it never gets done, cause bronystate
SHPPINHS
deeper into the fandom
yeah, you get it from microsoft.
:P
http://i.imgur.com/bFEQl.gif
11,02BronyState is the only educational institution you need.
Bronystate: The Ultimate Procrastinator
lol educational
actually wait, i just got dinner LOL
Shizuka: simple http://i.imgur.com/6Uu4o.jpg
lololol
And you'd have to pay for the original copy, so that's not exactly "free" :P
i r back
Wb c:
Ponymon_Anarchy: Which Doctor is best Doctor?
/me hugs Domo :3
*kicks domo down a bottomless hole*
D:
13http://dagobah.net/flash/Productivity.swf
ALL DOCTORS
twoiloight_spurnkle, don't forget the ones that have a portfolio due by next week AND have to have their room clean by TOMORROW because of family visiting
/me huggles ba--IS KICKED
;;
Matt Smith ofc
AJ
pls go
A person who has overstudid?
:<
Dork: Kevin.
Why, dari? ;~;
I didn't ask you
Suddenly Ed Edd n Eddy makes so much sense
Dat definition :S
XD
Did you know pigs orgasm for half an hour?
Russell Howard taught me
........
:D hold on...Im gonna check my dictionary
LOL
WAT.
Shizuka: yes finally
Half an Hour?
I'm not looking forward to when people start bringing in laptops with windows 8 at work...
Please stop, dari. :S
...how the.......
Can I be a Pig, God?
Dang. .
Are you serious dabi?
o_o
xD
AttackWithHugs|AFK: heh same here actually, parents alkso might be visiting so i need to clean p..
SpeedyBolt: You'll get eaten.
twoiloight_spurnkle, I know.
I'll be back to having no idea what I'm doing :(
AttackWithHugs|AFK: You're still AFK. :D
11,02BEER AND MONSTER TRUCKS
AJIsAwesome, because I'm still cleaning my room and doing stuff lol
JOHN MADDEN
11,02I TELL YA HWAT
aieou
aeiou
I want a gif of awesome reach, but with season 3 instead
Uhhhhhhhh
999999999
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lc7r1b5P8I1qzdf0go1_500.gif
?!?!?!?!?!
Being Eaten, at the price for an hour orgasm
holla holla get $
Ponymon_Anarchy: wuuuuuuut
egh
twoiloight_spurnkle: what?
Nintendo was created in japan though?
NewSuperBronyU: I thought Nintendo was founded in Japan.
I said half an hour.
...Still good.
lol
you can use that key to activate a copy of windows 8 that has no serial.
it overwrites whatever was on there last even if there is no key.
Wiki sucks on zoologi
by
The fact that this convo went from weird facts to normal facts
Guess its just how their feature upgrade system works.
This is the reason i'm not doing my homework
whats an englushmen anyway
11,02Praise Dari
Yes, praise me
For I am your God here
Hell no.
aww...:) thats now what my dictionary says at all - nerd or jerk - I need an older dictionary
I'd rather praise a hobo.
*not
Ugh why is this chat so fun D: I need to sleeeeep D:
NewSuperBronyU: And he ran into Matt Smith, who is his favorite doctor. :3
I lied, that's Ghosties. ;___;
NewSuperBronyU: I GOT SOMETHING FOR YOU
13damn
11,02Matt Smith is best doctor
13the lies open up massive
lul
DAMMIT
11,02Vordox: What? o.o
WILL SMITH IS BEST DOCTOR; SHUT UP
NewSuperBronyU: You remember the good old days?
http://img443.imageshack.us/img443/7485/datgame.png
Will Smith as Doctor
DO WANT
Hehehe
11,02WILL SMITH IS BEST BLACKSMITH
NewSuperBronyU: :D
/me glomps NewSuperBronyU :3
Mooo :3
/me hugs thelonepony :3
11,02mooo :3
so, what did i miss? :3
11,02cookies :3
D:
NewSuperBronyU: =3
11,02D:
i liej cookies ;3;
liek*
I miss the good old days
/me noms on Vordox :3
When graphics was like..
"feck that"
XD http://img51.imageshack.us/img51/7485/datgame.png
...will the character still be a human?
Or will ponies battle with ponies?
Human
Why is a human walking around equestria battleing with it's inhabitants o.o
Oh snap!
You winged it? :O
LAWL that Mic shutoff
/me noms on thelonepony
:D
NewSuperBronyU: Noone else clicked the link on my work
;_;
I am sad
11,02Vordox: gimme link ;-;
stream over?
http://img51.imageshack.us/img51/7485/datgame.png
/me is being nomned O///O
NewSuperBronyU: Oh, you silleh! :D
Vordox: I want it :D
thelonepony: Pfft, you young whippersnappers
thelonepony: i NEED it
11,02I LIEK SILLEH :D
YOU DUN GNOW gaming
I finally got my long awaited Shadowbolt custom ^_^
/me shakes his nonexistant cane
11,02Vordox: I saw dat :3 it cool
Cypresswolf: Hooray! What does it look like? :)
http://i48.servimg.com/u/f48/17/18/27/45/dsc00216.jpg Left side
NewSuperBronyU: Just trying to make a point :P
Hi everypony. MY ESSAY IS DOOOONNNEEE!!!
Moo
Cypresswolf: Nice! :O
Kawaii_icybeauti: Awesome :3
Hi, Kawaii_icybeauti. :)
http://i48.servimg.com/u/f48/17/18/27/45/dsc00218.jpg Right side - I'm geeking out so hard right now :D
NewSuperBronyU: Wonder if I could make that image go to EQD :P
NewSuperBronyU:moo
Wait, worn gname
:O
dari stream?
damn shes good
>she
Lel
:O AND it came with extra pony ^_^ http://i48.servimg.com/u/f48/17/18/27/45/dsc00221.jpg
Hi everypony
/me hugs Sick_icybeauti :3
Cypresswolf: Nice!
/me noms on Rainboom :3
Hi, Rainboom. :)
11,02Vordox: Pssh...I'll post that on BronyState :3
Cypresswolf: I like the Celestia medallion. :)
Cypresswolf: Awesome :O
NewSuperBronyU: O.o You can do that?
I do apologize for my bad spelling fellow grammar nazis....
11,02dari is best female
Cypresswolf: cool :O
Left to right - Rainbow Dash blind bag key chain, custom Rainbow Dash keychain, Celestia Bit Coin
13princess dairy
<---- I love how this is considered Yolo and Swag AND MLG
XD
I call suicidal
:D
11,02In her name we say, Mooo :3
:D
what's MLG??
Does the female shadowbolt even have a name? o.o
Suicidal?
More like badass
11,02Sick_icybeauti: My Little Gremlin
My Little Goat
:) wait til I get the Timberwolf commission - It'll blow your mind!
13the gender confusion opened up massive
yeah feel that broken syllable
11,02This discussion needs more leverage.
Wave-brony content surfer-internet
planleggingsdag bitches!
Shizuka is a man, all the other mods are high school girls
11,02artist: Ohai
Vivix O_o
planleggingsdag? Freeedom
Vivix: YOU KNEW?!
/me 13puts on her best gruff voice
Hi artist :)
Vivix: Wrek is a high school girl?
/me 13fails
Vivix: WUT :D
Oh yeah, wrek is the girliest
:D
I ended my essay with "So, this is it. Equestria was made"
LOL
Sick_icybeauti: :D
Sick_icybeauti: :D
13maybe if i drink a bottle of rum that will gravel up my voice enough
MURIKA'
I used Pinkie Pie in my school project and got an A on it :D
/me does the cooking foods dance
Shizuka: upgrade to whiskey - faster process
Whiskey and Giant Cigars
Rainboom: awesome XD
13well there is a bottle of jack daniels on the fridge..
who's streaming? o 3o
13
Shizuka: I'll drink to that :)
I have to finish my odyssy essay tommorow. I used disord for it.
Shizuka: regular jack, or honey jack?
/me wants to be a gummy bear
I've got three bottles of Jack Daniel's in my house. :S
Because honey jack gets 10000x tastier if you let it live in the freezer
how did you guys like the interview?
damn this guy has some balls
/me bites Rainboom head off Cherry flavor!
GilDash: No Applejack Daniels? D:
/me if Rainboom becomes a gummy bear, will nom on Rainboom :3
show them Celestia wants that cake'
Rainboom: Sadly not. I'll trade you if you want?
kAY :3
lucky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrsVlKVvxkE
LIKE A BOSS!
lol
00,10wonder if this has the asian guy on a bike
dat guy
Ok srsly whos streaming? :S
/me glomps Sumica
Sumica: The one that does a front flip when hit by a car and lands on his feet?
00,10no
Oh
<---- I see stupidity
yupp
OH LONGJOHNSON!
00,10one on a trik rideing casualy through an inntersection giveing no fucks
Some people are just unlucky
GET UP
/me eats my hand "Mm, blueberry with a mix of cherry!"
Thats one way to shave your back :P
i would have shat myself
lol
hes like trying to sleep there man
00,10hows your heart old guy?
00,100_o
so many close shaves
Like a boss
00,10nice dodge officer
lol
crazy killer driver
Sumica: I've seen one where the policeman gets crushed
DAMN
For every lucky one here, 5 people died in same occasion
welp
00,10the close calls are more intersting to me
0h wow
idiot
dat kid
The kid just walks it off
way to run over children
LOL
ow
00,10dem cop cars man
:O
Airmech is finally out on Steam
00,10they are like magnets
oh, sumi-chan is here ^^
Are you shitting me? XD
00,10yep
00,10this is just stupid
^
Whoa o_o
Sumica: Most of them are
derps
lol]
What retards lol
derps everywhere
So I herd you like trains
Sumica: I've met people who DRIVE those who killed people ACCIDENTLY
People are KERAZY!
Doing stupid things is fun, but there's a line between stupid and darwin award
Scaring the driver for life.
Er, okay. Looks like the release got messed up like ROSE Online was
o_o
all dem organ donors
wow
This guy
So unlucky
00,10Same here Vordox, used to work with amtrack
<--- Fake
ive actually seen crazier vids like this from russia
Sumica: Sorry to hear that, Mica. :(
00,02O_O
00,02that luck
00,10wrong side to stop on
dat third train
You shitting?
oh damn
00,02XD
OW
thats why you dont try to cross that part before it closes
LOL
W
ive seen idiots do that so many times
OHSHIT
I did the invisible rope trick this week even if it is old
00,10the double duce
damn
what a chilling video
hmmmm
My god
LIKE A BAWS
hi again guys :)
badam tssh
im bored
Hi sonicdude558 :)
/me tosses a fursuit into the chat
Avalanches during skiing/Boarding
:)
hoi sonicdude558
inb4dead
You srs?
DED? no!
TIMING!
20 cm from death
SMACK
o_o
11,01Hey everyone.
Lucky
Hi Nittany_Discord :)
sonicdude558
wat
hello Nittany_Discord
Hi, Nittany_Discord. How you feeling? :)
Nittany_Discord~ *hugs and cleans*
Never mind. You have to restart Steam in order for Airmech to work
pfffff
<--- Drivers license
OH FECK
00,02XD
00,02plane from nowhere
/me 11,01shaves sonicdude558
WOAH :O
what? :D
hai Nittany_Discord
OW
ded
och
these close calls remind me of a picture I got in an email a few years ago...
Ouch.
3fast5furious
:O
o_o\
Sumica: Notice how many things here are just cars...
This part...
hey nittany
Adachi must have gotten bored with that Midnight Channel...
:O
What we don't know. Some of them died after the recording
Alcohole should kill =P
YOU MISSED MY INTERVIEW
D:<
hah, that reminds me of the other day on the blue line
some jackass fell onto the tracks
wtf get down and help him
held me up for 20 minutes
missed the third rail and the train stopped just in time? lucky bastard
lol
....
00,02some of that was luck
http://trollingchannel.tumblr.com/
dafuq
Not stopping?
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Comic: Spike got that thing / A Night to Remember / Black and White and Dash All Over
Wat
00,02some of it was stupidity
the first one was a closeup of a truck that ran off the side of the road and looked like he was in a ditch - zoomed out the ditch turned into a cliff edge with a several hundred foot drop - THAT is luxky - driver walked away fine
what?
They're married
Obviously
my baby brother was running in the streets but luckily none of the cars hit him o_o.
How does the truck NOT see something like that?
Car + Gas Truck = OTP
00,02idiot truck driver
^^
ROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOGER FEEEEEDERERRRRRRRRRRR
wat
MFW 6 year old kid doing a flag pole
What the actual fuck
WUT
lolwut
whoa
You want the fursuit?
:P
DAAAMN
00,02painting basketballs with basketballs
Nice Dr.Hooves cover: http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-q_3U-zj-Goc/UJwchc5sPoI/AAAAAAABBUY/Lw4oxcFNv-s/s1600/1236545_ful.jpg
O.o
sonicdude558: I was saying 'wat' because how is that relevant in any way?
sonicdude558: Think he was talking about the fursuit thing you did.
that soccer one was actually common
J_E_Smith71: Dat cover :O
-_-.
...
lol
wtf Asia?
korea?
/me takes back the fursuit
hot potato with a grenade
WUT :D
seems safe
lol
oened
what is it with this chat and fursuits recently
Yay, typing skills suck now
A cooked nade? :D
alexxm: *shrugs*
Daily tidbit: Some fursuits can cost up to 1800 dollars!
alexxm, it's only sonicdude558
yeah
yup
SO MLG~
holy shit lol
he's obsessed with them or something
Those scooter and Skateboard tricks, i've seen em before
twoiloight_spurnkle: What I love is parkour
dat drift
Learn your driving women!
....
Like a Pinkie Pie
Dat drifting
wtf
ha
That's kinda cool
XD
OH MY GAWD
awesome
00,10nice
That looks so fun
russians
or ukrainians maybe
00,02XD
but what happened when they stopped spinning :P
and then a bear mauled him
Hey Tom, got the time?
00,10Cypresswolf, they have sex
00,10the hard way
<--- Sleigh of hand
:D
um
Oh, Sumica~
:D
mlg there
^
hax
IM OKAY WITH THIS
not the nose thing
the cup thing
WAT
DAT ART
WAT
WAT
Sumica: Almost lost my whiskey there :)
ALL OF MY WAT
what?
o.o
oh my
Holy shit
:O
Even the prince is amazed
00,10they have guys like that here in vegas dari
Wow.....
00,10like all over the place
skills
RUN
lol
Ugh, stupid ad move out of the way!
:O
WAT
vegas does have tons of street artists
Sumica
WAT
Sumica: Are they poor?
Rainboom: NEVAH!
Oh look, Vacuum
CRUNCHATIZE ME CAPTAIN
ah
00,10yeah they are good
CHEMISTRY AT it's fun
wat
.
:O
implosion is fun
oh snap!
its not vaccume
that decompresson
lolwut
It got tired of life
00,10that's what happens when you dont pop the presure valve before you drain a tanker
SUICIIIIDDEEE
what probably happened is tit had water or some gas in it, it condensed, so the pressure insidebecamse smaller than outside
Hey Tom, when's season 3 again?
11,01A rare dari stream.
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 14 hours, 53 minutes, 37 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
I thought you needed me for a second there Rainboom...
hai everypony
twoiloight_spurnkle: Aaand vacuum causes decompression
=P
Thanks Tom :)
ONE DAY AND A HALF
Ciao.
ONE. DAY.
Hi, razzie. :)
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 14 hours, 53 minutes, 23 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
Hi razzie :)
OHMYGERD
Chrome has lost my favourites bar
screw chrome
Vordox: its not vaccuume, it can still have gas inside, just at a very low pressure...
A DAY AND A HALF
I can't download youtube videos from it
Thank you Tom
I use Foxie ;3
I use Firefox
i just ate a whole bunch of starburst sense SOMEONE in my house stile all my chocolate :S
stole*
twoiloight_spurnkle: Do we have to go through this again? :P
CHOCOLATE?
I would use Firefox but it hates me, so I'm on Chrome.
CHOCOLATE?!
Vordox: go through what?? dude its not vaccume!
CHOCOLATTTTEEEEE!!!!
that paladin fail
You shouldve shared those Starbursts with me, razzle
i want chocolate :3
>w>
dat pmv
OH BOY here we go again
SpeedyBolt: i have more
Hi Italia :)
Rarity is best pone
yay for my 6th favorite pony! sry Rarity D:
Hi thelonepony
razzie: not cool when the chocolate gets nabbed, Ive been there, I know that feel bro.
twoiloight_spurnkle: Drop it.
Everyone knows this is her song
Vordox: if you wanted me to drop it then why are you replying..
Vordox: Like its got?
*hot
SpeedyBolt: No
dari, any chance of finishing Cliffhanger: The Series or have you done that always?
Spiral Mountain?
Rainboom: it's not Material Girl?
Haven't finished streaming it
Okay then.
I'll get Meanwhile in
Then if twoiloight_spurnkle is here
so who is streaming?
Meanwhile...
We can finish it
Vordox: Beew neew neew neew bum bum bum bum bum bum bum
O.o
Rarity was never appealing to me when I first became a brony, not even in Season 1. After seeing Season 2, I started liking her more and she's getting better and better.
08,01so how about them ponies
is this Britney Spears?
Rainboom: I felt the same way
Vordox: I suddenly realised just how awkward it is to try typing out sound effects
DoctoDoctorWho: You're catching on :P
Except that I love Rarity now.
I very much dislike rartiy, because she the complete opposite of me. and thus Appleponi is favorite poni
Vordox: in fact it cant be vaccume, the condensed water would evaporate.
Rainboom, you just need to understand her multilayered character
Hello everybody.
Menwhirl is here
Sometimes I actually worry if LPS will take over the brony fandom and steal the fame, But that might never happen in a million years, even if the world exploded (twice).
Hi, Meanwhile.
Hey Meanwhile
Hi Meanwhile
dat PMV
Meanwhile: Holla! :)
hello Meanwhile
Hi Meanwhile
iz it can be heroes tiem?
Machete is getting a sequel next year
Hi Meanwhile
Dabi pls.
Rainboom: LPS?
meanwhile, someone has entered the chatroom.
I AM SO FUNNEH
Littlest Pet Shop
and then, Meanwhoile got pinged to death
>->
CLASSIC
<3
Rainboom: Stranger things have happened
SpeedyBolt: Quite thoroughly.
hai Meanwhile
One of the first PMVs
AJIsAwesome: The Hub apparently remade the LPS because they think that we will like anything related to MLP, but I dont really like the show.
Vordox: vaccuume is when molecules dont interact whith each other. a gas of That density would bvery much interact with each other. and it couldnt condense if it were vaccume. so its not vaccume.
:O
one of the first pmvs?
Rainboom: Ah, that's what you meant. I didn't know what you meant by LPS.
twoiloight_spurnkle: What?
When was this uploaded :P
Vacuum is empty space
Feb 15 2011
AJIsAwesome: I saw the first episode, it was okay I guess, but it's something I wouldn't watch all the time.
who
whoa
Rainboom: Okay. Thanks for the information. :)
you sent me an email?
AJIsAwesome: No prb :)
V_V
And the mass of the tanker's content had hit a floor where it started to vacuum, which causes decompression
a pmv before pmvs
prob*
Of course they would put RD for that a part
Vacume is empty space, end of story
Lol... yes
which address did you send it too
And once that hit the stregnth of the outlaying material, it decompresses.
the gmail one
SpeedyBolt: I cant see stream, whats happening?
http://sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/306674_494074100623550_348722759_n.jpg
haven't checked in in a bit
va cum
Randomness
too busy playing AC3
I've like all of the ponies as my favorite time to time, until Twilight just stuck as my favorite since June :3
sonicdude558: LOL SO CLEVER
vaccuum
Hello everypony :3
Oh, well it's not really important
J_E_Smith71: :D
I'm checking now :P
Hi Ponies47 :)
Hi, Ponies47. :)
J_E_Smith71: :D
so this is every horrible songs combine?
hello Ponies47
Hey
Hi Ponies47 :$
Hai Ponies47 :)
CrimsonPhoenix: Bitch please
This is one of the first PMVs
I prefere dashie as a lesbian more than a homophobe or straight.
And it's good.
one of the first?
yes I see
Yep
Hmm, first pony I liked when I became a brony? It was Fluttershy by far :3
thank you for your concern
so what we watching?
Kind of a coincidence you came back here today then lol
I'm sorry but this isn't trouble is a friend
lol
Dem pings
Hi DocSane :)
it hit bad south of here
all we got is some wind
Back in my day PMV's only used show animation.
Ponies47: I like pings :3
Kids these days.
Ponies47 dont get spoiled now :D
Hi, DocSane. :)
Get off my yard.
Vordox: that doesnt make any sense. but how about this, you give me your email and i send you a pic, from my Physics textboook, where it describes Exactly what happens in that situation
how are things DocSane
Ponies47: we're feeding you wubs :3
Problem with the whole "RD is gay" thing is that it's a lazy stereotype.
Meanwhile: Here's your nonexistant cane.
didn't even loose power which I was amazed of
Wub wub wub <3
Vordox: with the train vagon and everything
Going okay. Just looking in to see if anything was streaming
oh man nostalgia video
twoiloight_spurnkle: Why? We both have 2 ways of describing what happened
I say Vacuum you say...?
Airpuff: Your great Ponies47 requests a drink. Jking! :p
/me glomps Domo :3
can we watch trouble is a friend? a "PMV" that only used the first two episode
Just finished the fifth Game of Thrones book.
i want to play ac3 but theres no pc version yet
is that naruto.
oh man
-hugs thelonepony- ouo
yeah it doesn't come out for a bit yet
Ponies47 wat. XD
hi :3
Who's streaming anyways? O.O
You totally just said that.
ok
I was impatient and got it on PS3
You did, Dari. :D
Shits gettin real.
And I'm writing it down for future referance.
Airpuff: Jking :P
Truth is, I love Twilight, Pinkie, and Fluttershy as my favorites, but sometimes I just can't decide who should be #1. I still have Twily as my favorite, Pinkie second, and Fluttershy third.
Vordox: and how do they manage to pull off vaccuume? there were no pipes to pump out the air or anything
Ponies47 Didnt understand anyways o_o
/me what is heroes about anyhow?
ding
All the characters have their strong points, but Twilight remains my fave.
DocSane: /)
twoiloight_spurnkle: It's not pulling off vacuum, it's created due to the mass in the tanker was decompressionated
Sunshine Sunshine Ladybugs awake
Heroes is about a fishing boat.
/me makes sense
nov 20th
This sounds so heroic...
Clap your hooves and do a little shake
Italia: couldnt be a superhero show, could it?
Clap your hooves and do a little shake
Applejack is my favorite (obviously :P), but I like all of the other characters equally. :)
Oh, lord. Ain't staying to watch Heroes. I liked that show once. ONCE.
god damn it. Ranboom beat me to it.
SpeedyBolt: one of my fav cheer
I'm on my second playthrough
It makes me happy everytime I hear it
/me just wondering, but yeah, thanks
22.
what is going on now?
Yeah.
something about hacking apart a bunch of redcoats after a bad day makes me feel good inside
Vordox: okay that sentence make sense whatsoever. mass cant decompress, its mass stays the same? and why would there be vaccume after becoming decompressed?
I remember because I WRITE THESE THINGS DOWN.
I saw a Tumblr dedicated to bad religious fan art. There was a disturbing amount of Pony-related religious fan art.
ldlsfjl;asdkjfl ah I have strengthened my fingers.
twoiloight_spurnkle: The mass can change. =P
Meanwhile good someone does it. :D
Vordox: how does the mass change in this situation?.....
Well, technically, not by itself, but by the space it's given.
AJIsAwesome: Yeah I like AJ number 4 for a reason. She's always honest and somtimes shes just plain funny lol. I usually dont like cowgirl/cowboys with southern accents on shows, but she caught my attention.
Rainboom: I can understand that. :)
The word you want is Displacement
*nod nod*
Vordox: oh god wat. the train got compressed. its mass doesnt change
Inb4 eternal cliffhanger.
._.
ugh...I ... really need to finish my homework and start on a project....-headdesk- ughhhh
I hate when I know what happens but I don't know the terms
Dammit, my illegally hosted pirate copy of the TV has been removed! HOW UNFAIR!
Domo: Homework > Ponies. :)
Domo: YOU CAN DO IT
I have perfect explainations on why I like the mane6
>actually on 4chan as we speak, inb4's everywhere
The tanker's space, and the tightning of the atoms causes Vacuum to come into play inside the tanker
/me waves a motivational flag for Domo
if only you could hear my whines of conflicted thoughts
But thank you ;u; -clings-
Once the critical point of the structure of the space limited, it causes itself to implode.
Vordox: if you dont even know what mass is, and its the same in every language, we shouldtn be talking
Success.
I know what mass is
It's Common Sense
The most powerful ability in the world
Vordox: ...ability?
Walker system
twoiloight_spurnkle: Trust me, it is. :P
... dat ability..?
Ah yes. The Walker system.
Which we found out was a little girl
And they're going to come kill her.
dat gta4 Shizuka XD
Do it
Vordox: so how did mass change then
wait
omg
is that
Domo!!!!!!!!
twoiloight_spurnkle: Mass/Space
Panda! -clings-
/me glomps Domo
What is ths? sry if I sound stupid xD
>w<!~
mAss itself changed it's atomical form to more tighter atom distance
Shoot me pls Claire
wait wut
shizumobile is a car, no?
Oh that's right.
ac3 is based in the civil war right?
Vordox: dude, thats middle school physics and youre wrong, mass doesnt change. its volume changed, and its density
hows the artwork and music?
....
/me is actually batman
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/10/b99c5b0d-1a3f-4fc2-8816-d475dcba4167.jpg
errr, Domo = Allegr0?
Revolutionary war
I think Civil War is coming next though
Ash?
Domo is just pure awesomesauce on a bun ^^
Kill me. WAIT! Never mind.
Artwork is great, music is a little eh
xDD~
twoiloight_spurnkle: I know exactly what happens
I'm not Allegr0 :'o
not that the music isn't good but they don't blend it very well
atomical space and all that
It's the terms and the factors I know as wel, but I dont know the terms or fancy words.
something is streaming that explains it isnt there
Ohai Domo
ô_o So this.. is about... heroes?.....
/me Glomps Panda "Hi" :3
/me waves ouo "Hi Ponies47 ~"
dat Ponies47 :
:3
Lol whoops
I broked it
Vordox: you dont even know what mass is..
Noob.
sounds like a much different setting than previous games
Idk
hello there Ponies47 ^^
twoiloight_spurnkle: mass is the atoms
not that i have played much assassins creed before.
I never played the first two, this is my first outing
/me has the power to go to Equestria :D
Anyway, I'm not in the mood for Heroes, so I'll bounce. Later, all.
Vordox: ..wat..atoms..wat
might be different on the PC though
Lul
dari what have you done?
I broke it
Dabi. Wut r u doin.
stahp
Vordox: dude i study physics for living, just trust me on this..
and mfw Meanwhile resorts to dolan
all and all though it's a lot of fun
Yayy!
twoiloight_spurnkle: So you're saying the atoms are not causing the mass of the object we're talking?
about*
Is too
atoms have mass, right? I haven't had physics in- ages, and even then I didn't pay much attention
Is not.
i thought mass was weight, which is caused by how the atoms are structured.
Vordox: the real question is gravatational mass or intertial mass?
no, mass is not weight
Vordox: they are, but all you said is "mass is atoms" which makes no sense
Unnr: Gravatational of course
and yeah, mass=/=weight
I played a few hours of the first
but on my old pc
Inerterial is movement or something
and that's as far as my understanding goes- but I'd trust anyone who studies thit
or something
is Tooooooo2o2oo2oo
...
lolwut
I heard from fans that this one falls short of AC2 a bit
but it's still great
lawl
xD
twoiloight_spurnkle: Atoms exist within this space = Object, if no atoms != Vacuum
=P
dabi accidentlied everything
You've created some kind of quantum distortion of brokedness.
good luck with that ;d
Vordox: so how did the vaccume create itself? the atoms just decided to leave the wagon to go home and watch tv?
:D*
not like I can compare lol but I think it's a lot of fun. If it gets me to play through twice that's usually a good sign
twoiloight_spurnkle: Tell me this, once the atoms started to tighten up to become a more solid form, what filled the empty space?
*nods and folds arms* He can fix this...
Previously
everyone died
twoiloight_spurnkle: The answer is obvious to anyone reading that line. :P
Previously on Heroes, you saw the next five minutes of Heroes.
previously buffer
Combo woops.
Mitt Romney style is stuck in my head o_o
I would do a meanwhile joke, but those are Meanwhile's things.
Hmpf... He's Bronystates secret weapon of mass destruction..
HERE LIES ROMNEY'S HOPES AND DREAMS
Vordox: first of all youre describing what happens After the wagon god compressed. second, why would there be vaccume just because the wagon compressed? vaccume is absence of molecules, where did they go after the compression?
join Dashiesauce
:S
XD
twoiloight_spurnkle: They got filled?
Mmmm. Toblerone.
Dat channel advertising
I havent ever played campaign mode on a game twice heh
Wasn't Romney's dream to open a seafood resturant?
brb guys
Vordox: filled with what?
Meanwhile: yup
lol
Meanwhile: I thought that was everyone's dream.
Vordox: and why would they be filled?
Vordox: and whats getting filled??
twoiloight_spurnkle: By the atoms, as the limit of the space got compressed
AJIsAwesome: Maybe, seafood is good.
^
Nittany_Discord... possible oops x 3?
11,01I wouldn't count it as an advertisement personally.
twoiloight_spurnkle: compress something fast enough at there will be a vaccume of air due to a sudden open area that was the volume of space that is where the compressed object once was
Tank Space, The atom structure of something in that liquid(All 3 forms), as well as the air inside the tanker
Meanwhile: He lost the election, so now he had to go back to his sad life of being a millionaire.
Ohai Nittany_Discord
11,01Still talking about that train car collapsing?
11,01Hey Ponies47,.
Cooling = Atoms causes to become more tighter structure, getting more solid form, this happens to all atoms within the limited space.
Unnr: no but see a train wagon was being compressed due to pressure, there was nowhere for the vaccume to appea
XAX: Tragic.
lol Sumica mlp game is having a "3 day sale" in the day of realese
00,10Preaviosly on buffer
And this is causes space inside the tanker to become "none filled", which causes vacuum to be created.
lel
Meanwhile: How will he go on?
11,01You know what crushed the car.
Once that vacuum gets high enough pressure, causes decompression
G'night everypony! :)
Night, GilDash. :)
night GilDash :)
Night GilDash
Vordox: .....vaccume.cant.have.pressure.
00,10yeah i know TheGreatAndPowerfulT
Vordox: vaccume has 0 pressure, thats what vaccume is
XAX: Presumably he'll blow his nose on a hundred dollar bill.
twoiloight_spurnkle: Vacuum causes suction, which is pressure, inverted or not
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 14 hours, 26 minutes, 44 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
Soon
Meanwhile: The poor thing.
SOON.jpg
xD
I always forget how quiet dabi's stream is.
soon.tga
I CANNOT WAIT!
Vordox: vaccume doesnt cause suction
the thing is, when you create a vacuum in a can, or car, then the OUTSIDE air pressure is greater then the inside pressure
Oh god... ._.
Quadro-woops.
twoiloight_spurnkle: Go into space, then come back. :P
inb4 Nic Cage Loses His Shit
C-C-Combo breaker!
Which is partial Vacuum
and tanker cars are airtight iirc
Ryunosuke: Correct, but the outside factor is still within the math of it
I like this stream. It's goofy. :D
Vordox: ...again, vaccume doesnt cause suction. its the outside the presses in
^
Twilight Sparkle: Thousand sons leigon. Rainbow Dash: Blood angels leigon. Applejack: Imperial fists legion. Rarity: Emperor's children legion. Fluttershy: Raven gaurd Legion. Pinkie Pie: Chaos Undivided Marines
._.
... damn.
http://i.imgur.com/fWj6A.jpg
Vordox: and in any case youre saying that the compression caused vaccume and the vaccume caused compression
I thoght vacuum was caused due to the two states of the atoms difference causes vacuum to be formed?
Vordox: what?..
DoctoDoctorWho: Twilight can't be Thousand Sons because she's loyal to Emprah Celestia.
"Previously, before oops"
And then we go into energy, which is even more convulated
AJIsAwesome: wat
PREVIOUSLY......(again)
Vacuum occurs when there is no air in a space.
Vordox: energy? hole cheddar of heaven, what???
/me 11,01brings AJIsAwesome a buffer
twoiloight_spurnkle: Do this...please...
:D
Put your palms together, air tight them, and then pull your palms from eachother
This time
This time...
I've got this shit.
Congrats, you caused a vacuum. :P
You touch nothing.
Meanwhile: Magnus was loyal too, now he's a reclusive emo primarch on the planet of sorcerors
Vordox: oh god you think thats vaccume??
Nittany_Discord: Can I get a buffer on the rocks please?
?
DoctoDoctorWho: True.
Guys don't jinx it
inb4 it breaks
^
You get a fart noise, Vordox.
Yes, I think Vacuum is empty space
Dari'll sneeze and accidently close the page.
Vordox: so you think you create vaccume by pressing your palms together????
No
You get a fart noise.
Meanwhile: she could be the grey knights, they're loyalist and all powerful psykers
Not when pressing, but when expanding the space within the palm.
DoctoDoctorWho: They're also Mary Sues of the highest caliber, so yeah go for it.
i'm here
sorry
Meanwhile: Only in some regards, but otherwise it can be justified
but really i can't blame you
??
just ignore me :D
Vordox: im done. please go to wikipedia and read what vaccume is. you cant create it by using your hands...and it has ~absolute 0 temperature too..
Guys, name me a movie/show/anything that can be tied in as a shakespearian tragedy?
When you pull your palms from eachother, you causes "empty space"
...
Never forget that two bowls expirement.
What's empty space?
it looks you can't understand me
??????????????????????
Da warudo.
:3
Vordox: you dont create empty space by using your hand, theres always a bit of air there...
Meanwhile.
Yenius.
dali prs
But tell me, what happens? =P
Vordox: vaccuume has 0 temperature kelvin, aka absolute 0
Dark92Enigma, my client is set to bother me if someone talks in this room, just in case they actually have a problem :P
Yeeah... "Do you fix ancient swords?!" "Yes?" "THE FATE OF THE WORLD IS IN YOUR HANDS!!"
>kelvin
lol Airpuff.
Vordox: i alreayd said everything. im done. now go read what vaccume is please
Oh, that explains everything
thank you
Vacuum is space that is empty of matter.
The very first line on wiki
Space is large. ._.
Vordox: you cant create it with your hands...
twoiloight_spurnkle: No, but I can simulate a fake version of it
Since there is no real void =P
Also is it me or has Sylar been at the hair gel?
xD
If you made your palms perfectly airtight, would you be able to seperate the hands?
Hair gel enforces hero-puwahs
Nah, it's just that his face gets sprayed with blood so often
Vordox: he said he was done, so STFU or GTFO.
He whipes it back into his hair
Hasn't he ever heard of showers?
Too busy killing peopel
people*
DoctoDoctorWho: Empty Space = Vacuum = My point
Argument is invalid. You can kill people in the shower.
So, what are we watching?
He must smell like baked rat sprayed with compost.
I see nothing wrong here on my side, as the first line of wiki pretty much sums up what I said.
Only if they're in a shower when you kill them
And he's attacking my point of it, which is in favour of Wiki
Vordox: and I agree with that, but this has gone on too long. like ours did. its trivial now.
Oh look
Nathtan's wife who we've barely seen up until this point
11,01George Takei is in this? Nice.
Inb4 epic voice
11,01And I forget who's speaking now.
You know what Linderman's power is?
Vordox: i never denied it was empty space, but you cant. create.vaccume. with. hands. if you really want to, we'll continue this after the show in pm
Space, Empty Space, No space(Quantum), inverted space(Quantum); urgh ><
He can mend things.
Or heal organic things at least.
<:
Hence she'll shortly be out of that chair.
The real question is who put her there in the first place
Vacuum also functions with the lungs.
She's got nice wheels.
I don't like that implication dari.
theres probably just a rat in her pants
Nittany_Discord: i set him on fire
11,01Who on fire?
what is dis?
Dat Sylar
/me reads up on Wiki and sees it's agrees with me. "TIme to read."
Ted doesn't know who Sylar is yet?
hi
Vordox, he's already stopped arguing with you
He's like, less up to date than otakon is.
Why don't you drop it now?
Vordox: omfg would you shut up already??
herro my people
Hi, FlutterMEDIC. :)
Hi FlutterMEDIC
GUYS!
Bufferiiiiiing.
hi FlutterMEDIC :)
I BRING NEWS
I heard that uh oh
what?
Vordox: But he won't argue it with you any more
Herostar: News!
Inb4 everyone's heard of it already.
So regardless, there's no point in trying to make him
Physics. Popping up suprisingly ofthen at bronystate~
go #here so I can post the vid with respect to the stream
...
More advertisings
Faaaaiiiiiil.
Herostar: Don't advertise other channels please
http://desmoines.craigslist.org/fuo/3396354005.html
not a channel -_- a youtube vid
That wiki agrees with me, how is that arguing when he dropped it? ><
WHITENESS!
proof of half life 3
legit
Herostar
Oh yeah.
I bet.
You just told people to go to another channel
an actual portal 2 easter egg that i've tested.
http://desmoines.craigslist.org/fuo/3396280132.html
Oh here we go.
Fakking buffer
dis gon be gud
Lol
-_-x rules, I try to respect them, but for this case I think I can be forgiven
...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U2557K2YNeI Check it out
You think wrong.
Herostar
wat
Pfft.
lawl
08,01SuperPony64: i suggest you either change your nick, or auth as SuperBrony
That SuperPony64 is a spy
08,01impersonating mods is against our rules
I haven't been updating this like I should.
Takeeeeiiiiiiii
THE VOICE!
OF GODS
xD
I can hear it even when hes not speaking english
NOW... slap my hoof. * raises his hoof *
so noone checks out my news -_- this place has changed too much for me. it's not the same friends, nopony knows my seriousnes.
Takei... Even the chat turns silent to hear his voice.
with sylar being a chameleon, cant trust anyone in this show anymore
:D
Herostar
Herostar: No one cares.
^
08,01twoiloight_spurnkle: i misread that as sylar being a watermelon
-sigh- Guess all I can do Is take my leave.
What the actual fuck is wrong with you?
We'll miss you like a bad headache.
/me left
ummm wow huuuh what happened there?
ô_o
Well, that happened. :S
I don't even nkow
Drama.
:D
O.o
AJIsAwesome: i'm back! (from my grandma's house)
Fwippin' tabaws!!
your iq is just to low to see that your inability to do things is the reason its sucking
Flip ALL the tables!
I didn't even ban him because what he was doing was so damn retarded I got confused.
...
lol.
SUFFERIN' SUCCOTASH!!!!
What ARE we watching?
xD
Heroes.
Dovah: Heroes
Dovah Heroes
So much heroes
>save many lives
... LALALA butt.
Thank you
>wants to blow up New York
Seems legit
dari expecting rational thought? in this chat
ohai Dark92Enigma :)
Sonic Heroes:P
how are things Dark92Enigma
Dat FBI fucking things up
FEDRAL AGENTS ARE PUSSIES
Dat Isaac Mendez
lined with led, and a tv with hub
MORE OF THEM NEED TO DIE
Lol. "You blew up a truck"... "I didnt mean to hurt anybody!"
alexxm: never better......got the newsletter, got in the lottery, in less than 12 hours S2 will premiere in my country and i'll make it to S3!
please your an idiot
your an idioty
idiot
you're*
^
shut up
Pfft.
>Took one look at my backpack after doing homework
>Why am i doing this again?
Dat Muffins_R_Tasty is butthurt :P
Domo cause. You can!
inb4 his father is sylar because sylar learned to make copies of himself
Domo: XD
Airpuff: xDD
Domo I know you want to~
Hiro's father was a hiro
/me is on a lkfjodejj spree
Airpuff: nopenopenopenopenope
Lel
08,01i'm eating nuts
What can you possibly know of killing
Bitch please
Inb4 he's badass.
You don't know your own father
08,01AJIsAwesome: peanuts
Domo dont lie to me! I can see into your soul!
Airpuff: After doing math and CA, I am all "to heck with this" xDD
Called it.
Airpuff: FFF D: but i dooont
of course takei was a badass all along
Domo stop lieing to yourself.
:D
Airpuff: xDD but im noooot
Domo what did i just say?
11,01Yay voter fraud.
YUSS!
this is what happened a few days ago!
08,01AJIsAwesome: i have no idea
i always knew obama had mutants working for him
YUSS, STALLIONS, YUSS!
AJIsAwesome: Pinpoints to vent the pressure. :P Use a hard nail or something
08,01but i'm touched that you'd think i'd know
:)
Oh wait, derp, wrong of me
brb
We are all modders! I got proof!
?
suckup
But: You play minecraft?
XD
ô_o
08,01DoctoDoctorWho: tiredly
You know. Minecraft, mods.
Back everyone lol
dat victory screen lawl
TRAINING MONTAGE TIME
those wooden swords are pretty heavy
His dad is awesome.
heros?
Buisnessmen. Dont fuck with them.
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: My Little Republic: Plato is Magic
also, this beer is great :3
japanese businessmen
Heroes.
well, its a lager really
AJIsAwesome: I read that paper once... I think to crack a mostly-dry macadamia nut its like 500N of force
Cut out his own heart
Badass
lul
And then he died.
DIE...man... d...
Unnr: Okay. Thanks! :)
what a story
More stories should end tlike that.
AJIsAwesome: Mechanical Behaviour of Macadamia Nut under Compression Loading, such a random paper
show me, cut out your own heart!
Time to destroy the Walker system
Better ending than Mass Effect 3.
twoiloight_spurnkle what i thought too xD
hi everypony!
Yo.
Hi, dukedontnukem. :)
Hi dukedontnukem :)
hoi dukedontnukem
how've you been dukedontnukem
another reason i love bronystate a warm welcome :)
/me clenches his teeth "I LIKE PONIES THIS MUCH!"
heh nice
Stan has no idea what just happened.
... Naaaauughty
.
Hahaha
Best conversation starter ever
Yeah. You did.
... how 'bout dem fanfics?
xD
"Didn't I throw you out of a window?"
lul
lol
Guys...
what?
Don't ever....ever. ever. EVER...Do many things in one sitting
Domo did you go back to your beloved homework yet?
The boogeyman
Airpuff: Not till 8 =w=
I always cry at My Little Dashie... wish I could have a dollar for every tear I made reading that.
im so hungry :(
Domo.. Dont lie to yourself. You can go now- No need to torture yourself by sitting here.
:D
DemoPegono_
Wish people would stop bringing up overrated cliché fics.
ManUp.jpg
Domo, do your homework D:
Domo: You can do it! :)
Back
Welcome back, Ponies47. :)
wb Ponies47 :)
Airpuff Panda AJIsAwesome: I just did majority of it ;w; I need a break andsomesoda
wb Ponies47
Wb Ponies47~
Live with it.
Domo, is it the same class? O-o
Domo... Your break is over O_O
All da wub <3
What Movie?
inb4 he tries to kill her and he doesnt let him
Wait
Panda: Nope o3o Math and CA, and because of block scheduling we had more than usual
Airpuff: Nuu >:
Sure shout that out.
Domo: what kind of math?
lul
Domo okei then... but only this once ;P
Oh shit
geometry
I DON'T HAVE A GUN I AM TOTALLY UNARMED.
and xD
Damnit! Reminds me of Twilight!
Domo: oh damn, geometry >.<
im gonna leave now guys im going to watch futurama you should play it on bronystate some time btw(just a suggestion) bye!
Domo: Dan't ya just hate math? :/
Domo, fair enough. ^^ just get it done soon O_____________O
Domo: you can do it! :3
BYe, dukedontnukem. :)
:3
Ponies47: Despise it. :I Math is Mental Abuse To Humans (credit to my spanish teacher for that)
Bye du- gone
Domo: if you need help pwith math, i can try to help :P
He knew all this time?
Well, almost.
thelonepony panda twoiloigh_spurnkle: Ok ;w; thank you guys >w<
called et
Oh dear
NYET!
Shit is about to get real
Well fudge.
Domo... Don't think I'm not watching you .. I can see you trough the window.....
xD
Kick his ass Ted!
aw snap
Gawd...
Airpuff: oAo . . . im waving to you ouo
:D
hotdamn
Or not.
Domo I just stole your pencil o_o
welllll
Sexy lady! .... Gangnam style!
damn
ouch
WHOO
PROPER JAPANESE
Airpuff: Who said she was using a pencil? :O
Airpuff: .......oh shoot ;A; but but but my pencilllls
Ok so now that Hiro has practically mastered the sword in the space of a day...
XD
Meanwhile: Space...of a day?
AJIsAwesome It's a girl? o_o
Domo you a girl? :D
Airpuff: Yep. Domo's a girl. :)
Yep ouo
Uh oh
friendo
Uh oh......
inb4 ded
Sorry, thought you were a guy.. Doesent change anything though >_<
You left him outside and never mentioned?
Good grief Hiro, you're a gimp.
Airpuff: lol xD thats ok
Domo Now I'm REALLY watching you O_O
:D
Airpuff: Not creepy at all.
Know right
Airpuff: asdlfasdfa oAo
Oh...
Just lemme grab my white van.
god...
/me runs around in the nude since he's an animal
-hides-
-_^
Domo :P
/me gives Domo a Metal Gear box
Tweest
Sylar now has nuke powers
/me Noms on the chat
AJIsAwesome: oAo
ello
/me is nommed
/me is nommed D:
How was that a tweest? We knew Sylar had nuke powers when they went to the future.
/me noms back
/me hugs everyone :3
You'll see
/me hugs thelonepony back :D
/me noms back :3
/me Hugs thelonepony so tightly he explodes
-huggles thelonepony- ouo
How I wish I have SUPPAH POWAHZ?!
Ouch.
he looks like that guy from matrix
/me explode :3
I thought she was going to throw him out of the window~ =3
what movie is this?
Superiority complex?
I was about to ask the same question
hi
Yourmom: Not a movie, its the TV show Heroes
Would Pom Poko qualify as an A movie or a B movie?
o_o
ho yeck
SuperBrony64: there was a persinator
called Superpony64
You mean this guy? :P
Pfft.
No :P
You got warned Super, you just weren't paying attention.
Downloading the pony app!
KandarihuFastBreak28: A, i think. :)
Heroes was okay until it jumped too many sharks
Hey, I was busy being a poneh :<
and um.. Hi all!
Like I said.
Hi Mutterguy :)
SuperBrony64: You silly filly! :P
/me hugs SuperBrony64 :3
Hi, Mutterguy. :)
i liek silleh :3c
how are things Mutterguy
/me hugs thelonepony back :D
nintendo is cool :3
alright!!
Owned
Pfffffft.
Da fuck.. is happening..
Tweest
xD
Hi! Just joined. What movie is this with the ever so epic Malcom Mcdowell?
how did he not notice hem get behind him?
He just pulled out his brain
Hi Glyphic :)
Head-hand-brain-melt.
Through his head.
OMG JOHN DE LANCIE JUST GOT PUNCHED
oooh it has the opening ripped from the 1st episode
SuperBrony64: By what?
SuperBrony64: is nekkid :3
Nah, he can becom immaterial
Meanwhile: That dude's fist
become*
:P
Glyphic: This is Heroes. And welome! :)
ima go for now bye guys :)
Bye, razzie. :)
Bye razzie :)
Later razzie :)
So many Twilights
bye razzie
sup
Hi, NYC_Brony. :)
:L
Hi NYC_Brony :)
SuperBrony64: Oh, I thought you were being serious. Mind you, should never've assumed that. :P
/me hugs everyone
hoi NYC_Brony
Hi NYC_Brony
i think I've fell in love with this app already
/me hugs NYC_Brony back :3
Hey dari if he's dead does his power fail?
:3
Heroes? Damn, I haven't following this for a long time due to lack of cable :'(
Not sure
*welcome
:L
Uh, the survey site is timing out
Takei!
This the Presidential Election 2012 episode?
Inb4 he tips his wife onto the floor.
LOL
Chat derped. Remember I still gotta use LightIRC when I'm at my dad's ;A;
/me hugs Ponies47 ;A;
Nintendo is best poneh ;3;
discord vs ______
To fight the fight, walk the walk, eat the food like a celery stalk
SuperBrony64 silly :P
You're wrong but let's not go there.
i'm back again-.-----blame my internet connection
Everypony ish best pony :3
I'm out of here, later :)
If we had this instead of Romney, I would've voted republican lol
wb Dark92Enigma :)
Vote Petrelli!
Spike is best pony as always.
Bye sup-gone
I'd vote for Petrelli just because he can fly.
later SuperBrony64
back
Dat Sylar
Playing with his new power
#yolo(not a channel)
Glyphic, any Republican would've gotten the same character assasination as Mitt Romney did.
vote for PETERELLI!............why it isn't a MEME?
bewm
Boom. Headshot.
Flying presidents naturally get landslide victories lol
CLIFFHANGERRR!
KandarihuFastBreak28: Are you angry comrade?
Cliffhanger?
11,02Okies, I here for cookiez o3o
o_o
guess what!
I'
also, tennis player del potro reminds me of sylar
NewSuperBronyU: :3
/me hands NewSuperBronyU a plate of cookies :3
woo \o/
11,02NYC_Brony: What o.o
/me Feeds NewSuperBronyU on cookie
Cliffhanger:The Series
Super Prez. No army needed. Just send him out to kick some ass.
*one
/me noms on the plate of cookies
Oh
:D
Don't end this song early dari.
btw what time is mlp
Don't you dare.
It's the final countdown!!!
wb NewSuperBronyU :D
NYC_Brony: Welcome back. :)
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 13 hours, 40 minutes, 11 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
ty @Tom
11,02NYC_Brony: What's so great about dumb ole Texas.
I can't take the wait any longer! ;A;
NewSuperBronyU: :<
dallas was good
What is that in Central Standard? 9 am?
everyting else was bad
Cowboy hats?
Hurry!
11,02ARE SHOES FROM TEXAS DUMB?
Probably.
???
/me Has been wearing pony shirts to school all week in honor of season 3 coming out
Glyphic: 9 AM CST. 10 AM EST, 7 AM, PST. :)
idk
WE'RE LEAVING FOR VENUS
Are Texas shoes?
NewSuperBronyU: I dont think he gets it.
brohoof Ponies47
11,02Texas is a state.
NYC_Brony: /)
:D is excited
NewSuperBronyU i thought it was a lamp
:L
11,02NYC_Brony: Spongebob :<
Thanks AJisAwesome!!!:)
:)
Dis song O3O
Don't you know? You can't say anything bad about Texas. Or you'll get beat up by a squirrel.
i was supposed to go to california
but i heard that we are safe to go back to new york
What website is this?
^
PonyMania: Bronystate. :)
xDD
11,02You should've come down to California, we invented the best Square dance O3O...I think it's called the Souja Boi
eyjey pls
Youdontsay.jpg
Bronystate is best state
sprinkles pls
who is going to be on #Pinkie_Pie for trollestia's video?
NewSuperBronyU: ...........
sprunkls ayejay pls
NYC_Brony: Trollestia streams all the channels. :)
its animestate
oh
At least I think he/she does. ;)
*:)
11,02SOUJA BOI IN DIS HOLE WHY U CRACK ME WITH A BOE?!
NewSuperBronyU: ........
11,02....
.......
No, please stop. ;~:
......
NewSuperBronyU, never sing that again.
^
Dat ..... spam
^^^
^^^^
Ponies47: .................. what?
xD
Dat ^^^^^^^^^^ spam
........................
:P
11,02Nintendo o-o
i'm on ponychat
No.
..^^..?
Dat dat spam
Fuck your Nintendo.
Sega. :3
01,04No spamming. o-o
I claim copyright on "..." and anything similar!!
.....
D:
NewSuperBronyU: Cookies, moo, Nintendo :3
/me hides from SB :<
/me hides with ayejay D:
Meanwhile you know he loves them.. dont give him ideas.. xD
Should play the Norther cover of this song >:)
Airpuff: Ideas'd imply he hasn't already done it...
11,02Ponies47: i liek those things :3c
o_o
o boi
SB's back to normal! :3
Oh hey Super I just remembered, I heard Hotdiggedydemon drew a picture of you.
woo
11,02:D
If NewSuperBronyU were a robot I would program hin to say "cookies, moo, Nintendo, swag" :P
*him
hello
11,02Cookiez, Moo, Nintendo, SWAG
no swag
pls
11,02:<
11,02olies ;^;
11,02okies*
sowwy ;3;
None of that at all preferably.
YOLO
So excited
Classic ponderous Surresh voiceover
Well you dream because your body is trying to keep active while you sleep and....oh, you were asking aloud
Surresh is best voiceover.
hello?
i like surresh's voice more than freemans
morgans of course
HOPE
And to think this all started with watching a cheerleader fall off of things for ten minutes.
O.o
Ow.
Aww look at his eyes sink.
xD
Nice touch.
bonjour
Hi, RAWRity. :)
11,02"You only live once" is just as convicing of a reason to NOT do something compared with actually doing something.
Gods of narration: Surresh, Morgan Freeman, Sean Connery, Carl Sagan, Alan Rickman.
He just to a fist the the brain!
ironic that his power is to actually let things through
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Double Midnight Comic Variant Issue #2
NewSuperBronyU: Only if you're using YOLO as a way to convince you to do something life endangering
Kirby
YOLO: you obviously love octavia.
Could just be, gunna ask out this hot girl, YOLO
That makes sense
:P
You're Obviously Lacking Originality.
pwned
Whoops derped closed the chat
Sup guts
Meanwhile: Obviously :P
Im sooo confused!6_9
i mean guys
>_>
11,02Twilight Sparkle is worst pony.
:<
NewSuperBronyU dat troll
lol
NewSuperBronyU: i will hunt you down
Rainbow Dash is da best
Rarity is best
Rainbow Dash
Fluttershy is adorable O3O
Pinkie is happyest pony...
Pinkie is the pony everypony should know.
squidward is best.
Is Da beast
All ponies are best ponies. :)
tru
sprunkls pls, you cant even hunt me down :P
http://i.imgur.com/5dx5Y.jpg
Your best friend is about to die
But nevermind that
thelonepony: i already have, im just waiting
DERPY IS DA BEST6_9
You have more important things to do
rainbow dash rocks!
Meanwhile: OKay, that's pretty awesome. :D
11,02I mean, Twilight doesn't even have a real talent. It's like me saying my special talent is breathing.
this reminds me of SW5
Vote on best pony:1 rainbow dash 2 twilight 3 rarity 4 pinkie pie 5 fluttershy 6 applejack, pick your number
3
twoiloight_spurnkle: :O now im scared 6_9
1
NewSuperBronyU: her talent is everything. she can even become a pegasi!
takein credit for my find Meanwhile
What about derpy
Spiderman is best pony
NewSuperBronyU is best pony :3
7 derpy
There is no question.
OI! new tothis site, just wondering if anything different airs on the different theatres or if its just different chat rooms
60s spiderman
Lies.
yup
agreed
DashWithRainbows: Kill yourself.
floof
Rinbardosh is be-
Wow
Dari
11,02Ponies47: Moo :3
I'm looking at that Shining Armor Squidward
pony_1590: all chats are the same
Just... Wow.
It's a picture.
but not spike
I like dem awl:P
Totally not cool.
NewSuperBronyU: besides, fluttershy is worst pony :P
Why can't he hit fullscreen? This proportion kind of bothers me :/
NewSuperBronyU: Moo. Do I gets cookie? :3
SpeccyRush: In my defense it'd be hard to put "Spectrum found this" over the image without dulling the quality.
11,02:<
Pony is poniest pony.
11,02Fluttershy isn't worst ;3;
Then what is the difference between the theatres?
Sylar is one fucked up person
NewSuperBronyU I beg to differ.
/me hooves Ponies47 a cookeh
pony_1590: Controls chat traffic. :)
pony_1590: when BMN is on
Meanwhile: tru
Fluttershy is my favorite pony O3O
Better?
Better
There was something wrong with it?
rainbow dash is cool
dat premium
:)
i know
Hey AJIsawesome
11,02I think I speak for everypony when I say, Rainbow Dash is meh.
Yes? :)
Im so fliping excited!
okay, thanks. just came here so i could watch season 3 stream on saturday but i saw heroes so ill stay XD
NewSuperBronyU: i like all ponies. except fluttershy :I
DashWithRainbows: I was trying to reference this
Why does this argue somehow.. always... pop up? xD
ihostminecraftservers is the guy you were talking to yesterday
yay!!! :3
11,02pony_1590: Yay :3
pony_1590: You've read the rules and FAQ? :)
But you didn't geddit
^^
xDD
no, but im a rebel
i kid
11,02imma rebel, fug dah rulz
because you are a kid :P
mwhahahahaha
SB is worst rebel. :3
So excited
anyone wanna skype?
11,02AND THAT'S WHY YOU'RE STILL A KID
yup
of cours
i dont like apple jack
no time for FAQ
ayejay is worst background pony :P
11,02Nopony is going to get my reference...
iHostMinecraftServer: You don't have to. :)
lol
NewSuperBronyU: Spongebob?
This argue is worst pony.
Time to leave you to die hubby
11,02Ponies47: Nintendo Wii game
anyone play minecraft?
no
Yeah he's gonna die.
=(
sowwy ;3;
:L
:'(
who plays minecraft?
NewSuperBronyU: I don't play really play Wii and my brother has 2 of them :$
i sad now
Who wishes that they could turn into a pony and turn back at any time?
11,02He left now, great going ponies :(
who plays minecraft or tekkit?
DashWithRainbows >:
NewSuperBronyU: who left? :(
me!
What, dari?
me and iHostMinecraftServer is hosting a server,who wants to get in
11,02YOU ALL COULD HAVE HAD A NEW FRIEND TO PLAY WITH, BUT YOU BLEW IT
I was referencing this
NewSuperBronyU: who left? :(
>:
You're disturbing my Tea Eff Too time.
NewSuperBronyU: Who left?
11,02pony_1590
D:
How tragic.
;~;
Ooooh, I see.
Nameless pony number four thousand is now gone.
DashWithRainbows: tea eff time? gawd deeweearr wat r u doin
How will we ever go on.
http://static.fjcdn.com/large/pictures/ee/12/ee1237_394230.jpg
NewSuperBronyU: Maybe hhe/she had things to do. :S
*he
Playin' Tea Eff Too of course
Oh, right. We'll forget he ever existed in about ten minutes and life'll continue.
This is the only nickname that I could think of when I joined this chat ;A;
11,02Meanwhile: We'll need a sacrifice.
:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:'(:S:[<36_9>_><_< oo many!
AJIsAwesome: what are you doing
dat rainbow
dont spam
dat emote spam
We know PonyMania
11,02No emote spamming PonyMania
im not trying to
sorry
/me hugs everyone
Dont spam the dont spam emote spam comment
:D
/me hugs NYC_Brony back :3
/me hugs NYC_Brony back :)
Don't spam the don't spam the don't spam emote spam.
See what you did there..
Chat wants spam huh? Okay then
Episode three of season three: :O :O :O :O :O :O :O :O :O :O :O
01,04o-o
Don't spam the don't spam the son't spam the don't spam emote spam.
/me gives everyone a can of Spam
*don't
New super brony u last time you didn't want a hug
AttackWithHugs: But I don't like spam. ;~;
I hate spam,the food and text
STOP THE FUCKING SPAM
All the bucking emote spam
NewSuperBronyU: D:
never changes does it Meanwhile
01,04i liek hugs o-o
History Assigment:Play Asassin's Creed 3(Because it's historic)
AJIsAwesome, but it's delicious
Especially with beans and rice.
:[ NO SPAM1
/me Hugs NewSuperBronyU so tightly he explodes
SpeccyRush: Nope. http://i.imgur.com/3n7wJ.gif
/me gives NewSuperBronyU some hugs :3
night guys
night!
Easy dinner in about 20 minutes
Night alexxm :)
Night, alexxm. :)
bye alexxm
/me hugs thelonepony back and Ponies47
I wasn't intending to spam, I was just making a joke. Sorry :'(
NewSuperBronyU: not with that attitudem ister :I
PonyMania: You shouldn't be talking
11,02yay for hugs :3
trollestia
Why
11,02Derpy_Hooves: :<
r.i.p trollestia
NewSuperBronyU \:3/
Yay for pugs
11,02Derpy_Hooves \:3/
11,02bbl
i killed trollestia
:3
D:
NewSuperBronyU: Okie O3O
SHAUN!
looks like a good place for a showdown
JAAASOOOON.
MAGIC:)
JAAAAAASON YOUR MOM
Calm down, dude.
press X to blow up the city
X
x
Press X to Claire.
x
Up and running. :D
O
Press x to press x
da boogie manz
iHostMinecraftServer: Sup
Press X to Sprunkls :3
lol
press x to die
last level of halo 4 made me think so much of last leve of starfox...
Press tehlonpon for pls
Inb4 he's downstairs.
/me is sooo distrsacted by pony game
She can't find the Ahitian
Haitian*
Lets go greet him!
iHostMinecraftServer plays halo 4 and other games,ask him
master of gaming
:3
._.
Creepy
Or at least I think it's the Haitian
Hello
I now want to play TF2
The Haitian. He's confusing.
inb4 right behind you
Dari: So the Haitian is the Eye of Sauron?
OH SHIT
I can't really remember what happens S2
Hi evilzebra
NOT ISAAC
PLEASE DON'T KILL ISAAC
;_;
wait
Isaac's been dead for a while.
So whats playing?
brb
Im leaving everypony!BYE
Isaac is already ded
;_;
This is the last episode Vordox
:) BYE
You must have missed a lot
Overprotective... grandparents?...
Bye PonyMania :)
Cya PonyMania
Heroes
The series
Bye PonyMania :)
i'm going to be afk for a while,brb
imma flip a table when this season ends on a cliffhanger
Lel
xD
It blatently will.
It'll end like as the bomb is going off.
probably yeah, so table is ready
Cliffhanger:The Series
Meanwhile or the second he says he will set it off?
http://derpy.me/2D8e6
Parkman vs Sylar
Lol no chance
/me sits on table that Sprunkls is ready to flip :3
You'd have a better chance sending Molly after him.
on the*
Sorry about your dad :(
DeadpoolDash: Daww :)
Parkman gets his ass kicked all the damn time.
DeadpoolDash: Dawww :3
*nods slowly*
Dari: He's a cop, respect his authoritah.
*hugs*
*hugs*
hey everypony :) what are we watchin'?
hoi Sketch_Toku_Brony ,heroes
Hi Sketch_Toku_Brony
ah i see
Hi Sketch_Toku_Brony :)
Hi, Sketch_Toku_Brony. :)
What do you do when poniesb give you lemons??? MAKE LEMONADE!!
What it really needs is Mati
If this had been game of thrones.. her showing the house would end in boobies. I miss when it was streamed here :D
>she knew about the bomb from the beginning
>so did the guy Peter was caring for
What a tweest.
>they already knew Nathan would be president
no seriously my poniville has a lemonade stand
TWEEST
What.
hax
wat
Ok what the fuck is going on.
Meanwhile: Dis sum trippy shit
Ando
You no hero
stahp
Eugh
Blood
Ando what are you doing?
ando will kick sylars ass and save the world, no doubt
FUCK
ANDO
FUCk
Dat face.
SHIT
So much for sword practice..
But Ando doesn't have any powers, does he?
Ando gunna be ded
Rain!
/me glomps Rain
Does Ando even have a power?
NAOD
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Pfft.
GO HIRO GO
>say something
>don't stab him in the back
Damn you Hiro
>dont stop time
Why didn't you just kill him you gimboid.
Dam you and your honour
Dammit Hiro. You IDIOT
... why didnt he just-- stab him?
Damn*
xD
ZONDER
FUUUUCK
In the time that you've been talking you could have done your little trick, killed him, and gone out for pancakes.
Shoulda snuck up on him
Pwned
huh
I love this show
why didnt he just cut him when he went invisible
oh hello Rain
Hiro paused time before to try and kill Sylar
Magics.
cant stand the hiro character
Because of reasons
oh dur
...
Oh shit
he did it so fast
Sylar unfroze himself
Because plot
Harsh.
he can unfreeze himself?
:(
hey, Bronysith ^_^
damn, ive forgot a lot
'Lo Rain.
Baim!
I've forgot you alot, twoiloight_spurnkle
Hi, Rain. :)
hey, Meanwhile
Ohai, scoots. :D
Hi Rain :)
hi, AJIsAwesome
Scoots is nekked again
Rain, you're cool too
Scoot-Scootaloo: dont forget meh! ;_;
evening Rain
Hi Scoot-Scootaloo :)
Scoots, put some clothes on! :I
hello thelonepony
Hello Rain
Welp
i feel left out :(
:p
hello SpeccyRush, Scoot-Scootaloo, and AttackWithHugs
heya again rain :)
Time for Parkman to get pwned now. >_>
/me hugs Ryunosuke :3
Or....not?
also, I'm supposed to be in cognito <_<
welp
.....
I swear to glob if this episode ends just before Sylar and Peter get down to beating each other...
Here comes the booooooooogeymaaaaaaaaaaaan
oh crap
Uh oh.
This cannot be good.
y u no evacuate city at least
:O
You are just a child.
xD
It is innevitable Mr. Anderson.
I wnt the ability to survive! D:
want*
Mister Aaaaaandersoooon.
Because he's an asshat
they need Neo
/me See's Scoot-Scootaloo, tackle hugs him "Ohai"
Survival: Best superpower ever
ppffft, sylar>neo
Yo~
/me looks around for a Shizuka
Neo puts the G in MLG~
Ohai Rain
:D
Currently on a mobile Rain, try that.
hello Ponies47
Punch 'im in the balls!
Damn.
weeee
what, Meanwhile?
Bam.
splat
:O
xD
But Nathan can fly
He could go after her
Meanwhile: How about I make you mobile? Would you like that? :3
Rain: shizumobile
... Like a baws!
shizumobile, you paying attention?
Suddenly sister fight
/me 13sneaks up behind rain rain
WAT
/me feels a disturbance in the force
There's another?!?
DAYUM
Wait, she hasd THREE personalities now?
Mystique?
DAT LEFT HOOK
13boo~
Bam.
What the hell!
PAWNCH
No you numpties, that's the illusion lady.
Not... strong enough? Jesus woman
called it!!
Honestly, how hard was that to figure out.
eep!
/me runs from Shizuka
Meanwhile: I forgot there WAS an illusion lady.
inb4 no
CriticKitten: No excuse! Drop and give me twenty!
Oh, by the way your dad is ded
Sorry kid
:|
:D
Nuu.
:D
Pfft.
So comforting, dari
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand
Oh glob, if Sylar gets to Walker.
Back to Japan
yattazeh!
Suddenly.. offices.. xD
Awkward...
Which one is Walker again? I forgot.
Walker is the little kid
Who can find anyone
Walker is the little girl who knows where people are.
hello bronystate :)
Ok
Hi, valoreins! :)
Hi valoreins :)
Star Tureku.
supahmen
Sumerpanu.
hoi valoreins
Suta waruzu
I'll be taking this one instead.
Hahahaha
SWEET
http://i.imgur.com/jCrJx.jpg
:D
lul
rofl.
inb4 it IS the sword
Hiro is adorable.
lololol
hiro is best hero
Kept that for a while :P
^^^^
/me hugs Shizuka :3
Yes, it kinda does
/me 13pounces rain rain <#
I'm Back :3 What did i miss
<3
The power is YOURS
The power was in your heart all along, now marry the prince.
obviously this town needs summerpan
You are... Unbreakable!!
All ya need is love~
all you need is love~
And the moral of this story is...
Alle the wub
and friendship
Flip turned my life upside down
...
LEL
xD
The ultimate troll.
XD
...
Oh god..
CLIFFHANGER
WHAAAAAAAAAAAAT
FUUUUUUUUUUUUU
D:<
wow
fffffffFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
inb4 Nic Cage
wait wut
Yo dawg I hear...nah
/me 's head explodes.
What is this?? Megavideo??
woooow
xD
i was saving this for when it ended on a cliffhanger but.... (ﾉ °益°)ﾉ 彡┻━┻
I thought the FBI took that down!
I have an idea
dari you broke it without even breaking it
Why internet why.
Why must you be such a bitch.
Only one solution: Pirate Bay
dat TOR
NO FUN ALLOWED
egh
You can't just let it end on a cliffhanger naturally
jaymoo go to bread
Jaaymooo~ *tackle glomps*
You have to technologically induce cliffhanger.
Also...
fluffeh :3
http://sphotos-a.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc6/602529_10151083703346436_1746288750_n.png <--- Check this out Shizuka...
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Story: No Recipe For Perfection
But that'd take forever so I'm out of ideas...
Shizuka: Now they are stealing with no regret.
13yeah but it's rei
13fashion shows are already meant for baka dolls
Hm?
me gusta rei cosplay
Someone called?
13suddenly rei
Reikim: No, but you're a fashion model now.
...Not sure I mind.
Title on www.bronystate.net: Bronystate and Celestia Radio | BronyState
You've also got stunning cleavage.
Lol
fuuuuuu
Shizuka: Still, blatant Theft
XD
These video sites have really been screwing me over today
Fails, fails everywhere...
listen up you ponyheads. This...is my HORN!!!!!
Shizuka: But since it's ANIME Copyright, and not MOVIE COPYRIGHT HERP A DERP DI
You're doomed.
\(^o^)/
Und dann dari's internet blew out...
(O__O)/
Meanwhile he has reached penta oops so far.
?
:D
Airpuff: Enough to drop his own team were he playing LoL.
Oh
Lawl
Like I said, you're UNBREAKABLE
Meanwhile xDD
I just set chrome to use tor as a proxy
XD
Yeah it works, somehow
odd
Can't he heal??
Noah's ark.
xDD
LOL
FUCK YOUR DOOR KNOBS
So much Tor.. needs more Mjølnir
She hates doorknobs.
I'll pass, that sounds painful.
HOLY SHIT the new gameloft mlp game just came out this morning. damn iwish my ipod wasnt second gen
Sylar
You so OP
Bugger.
lawl
oh crap
eez time ,dawg
Peter, I...am your father.
Dayum Sylar
HOLLY SHET
Well that's working nicely
lol
Hax.
Are you saying I can dodge bullets?
No Sylar...I'm saying when you're ready. You won't have to.
no GlyphicStrike ...im saying, that when youre ready, you want have to
Lol, Nikki
SMACK
Bonk.
>I got dis
Dat Niki
>getting the shit kicked out of you
Parkingmeeter is best weapon
Seriously, the survey is going to time out in an hour, and the site for it is down.
Bonk bonk bonk.
KandarihuFastBreak29: Don't worry, it's being handled
Meanwhile and twoiloight: /)
(\
NO NO
GlyphicStrike: (\
Survey will be extended and/or moved
Should be announced on the site
HIYAAAH#
OWNED
GERO
welp
SAVED
DUN DUN DUN
HIRO
Lol
Well that was more effective than I thought it'd be.
YOU BADASS
Yatta.
^^^
the japanese guy WINS
He's gonna take that like Cloud Strife isn't he?
nooooo
Sylar be trolling
He didn't bother to dodge? :S
o nice save
So...he's dead?
xDDD
Meanwhile: Who?
AJIsAwesome: why didnt you...DOOOOOOOOODGE
I'll check up on it after each episode. I'm leaving my MPC on play 0 times until then.
Sylar
Life flashed before his eyes?
Is he actually dead yet?
00,10So, playing that pony game on the iphone
Sumica: How is it?
.. litterally... flashed.. before his eyes..
Sumica: ohw is it
Well if I don't stream S2, you'll never know
Pfft.
Trolled.
wtf booooom hahaha
i remember you saying he..
Right between the eyes, Claire
00,10at the moment, not sure if they are having a dance party or they are beating up zecora
Sumica: ?????
:(
DOOO EEET
Sumica, I'm jelly.
Neeyow.
wttf Nathan?
00,10need more friends on the game
... This scene us just getting redicolus..
xD
is*
Sumica, I'd join if they had it for Androiiiiiiiid >>>>
o, xplode somewhere else
Sumica: i dont has iphone..id so be your friend
INB4 end
i'd join if it was on social media too :p
He's really fuckin' fast.
Like damn.
Bewm
Meanwhile: super sonic speed :P
^^^
My big brother! Best friend forever!!
... So.. she cant shoot him.. so he can fly away with him and die?..
yay, eez 4th of july
breaks the sound barier often, Meanwhile
Peter can't die
You forget this
Aye, but Nathan can.
o
If she shot him, he would have just exploded anyway
;_;
He was going to explode
I mean I guess maybe Nathan could've just thrown him with momentum and got out of there.
Ah-- xD
THere was no way to stop it.
About that
Oh for fucks sake
Where's boogeyman?
xD
We dream of Obama's slogans apparently
Sylar needs to just hurry up and fucking kick the bucket.
lol
?
....
Oh for fucks saaaaaaaaaaaaake
you kidding?
Noone notices that...?
yep thought as much
waty
(ﾉ °益°)ﾉ 彡┻━┻
OH COME OOOOONNNN!
Fin
And it's a cliffhanger!
Badass cockroach
Oh wait
I forgot
Preview of S2
Just to troll you
Good start.
It WILL end on a cliffhanger.
BLAM
xD
Mr. Bean?
LOL
Welp.
Ohai Hiro
LAAAAAAAWL
Oh I remember this!! XD
Nice one HIro
DA FAQ
Sent him back in time?
Guess who he's about to meet?
Good day Bstate
That samurai.
Right?
ando??
Army of Darkness: The Japanese Remake
THE FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTION
Hi, HoodyNinja.
:D
lmao
Kensei, I think was his name.
@#!?
That censor
Hi HoodyNinja :)
What is this?
dem censors
aliens
The guy who owned the sword he used to kill Sylar
wait what? :
Deadites
And NOW
HOLY SHIT PLOT TWIST!!!!!!!!!!! SOMEPONY GIVE ME A MOTHER FUCKIN TAPLE TO FLIP
Fine
fFin*
Fin*
Logos
Fuck me
I fucking hate this show.
SYMBOLISM! ...right?
ew no dabi
/me looks up
Bitch please, you know you want it.
Dari, no.
Meanwhile: dude this show is the shit
nu >.>
HoodyNinja: :D
thas jaymoo
HoodyNinja: :D
Cliffhanger times 22, then super cliffhanger at the end.
Meanwhile: well except for the ending
Meanwhile... needs about 20% more cliffhanger
So how many series of Heroes is there?
LOL
season 1
HAHAHAHA LOL
not series 1 :p
Airpuff: If it had any more cliffhanger nothing'd happen.
What is the name of the actual show?
Heroes.
It's series. Deal with it.
HoodyNinja: HEROES
AJIsAwesome: seasons*
Oh, heroes
:S
AJIsAwesome: just in case*
Meanwhile .. They could've added cliffhangers to commercials? xD
oh great, series vs seasons fight
/me explodes
Dark92Enigma: It's called series in some locations. :)
seasons cause reasons
OMG how did i not know that the new season of Mylittle pony was this week end!!!
Divided by a common language indeed
/me puts tape on Bronysith
Airpuff: Yeah. I wake up in the morning and get a nice bowl of-
Series/Seasons, it doesn't matter. THey're basically the same thing. :)
AJIsAwesome: Oh, didn't knew that,,,,,
Meanwhile: COCOA PUFFS!
Meanwhile stunning. Gripping. The right way if commercializing.
QuinnThePegaSistta: damn man stick with the program. oh also did you know they released an mlp game on the app store
I actually hate cereal so screw that.
FUCKING COCOA PUFFS
Meanwhile: how about eggs?
Fckin ninjas. xD
/me loves cereal
Dis video
:D
wow i am so out of tutch woth news~!!!
with
Bronysith: I have chickens, of course I like eggs.
touch*
Dat error :D
HERE WE GO.JPG
HERE WE FUCKING GO
aight
Pfffft.
...
Oh
OH
What
OOOOOH
my body is ready
DOO DOO DO DOO
dododooo
?
??
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
Meanwhile: whats ur fav way to eat eggs?
Du du du duuu~
fucking LOL
LMAO
Bronysith: With a fork.
lawl
her hairs tyle also regenerates
XD
:D
lol
:D
W
T
H
:D:D
I love this video already.
THIS
IS
:o
^^^^
^^^^^
hahaha doctor who reference FTW
LOL
:D
XDDDD
:D
Pokemon's fairly sociopathic anyway.
"Pokemon for sociopaths"
:D
Emo male nurse sponge boy
VOTE PETRELLI!
this is great
This is literally perfect.
Such an epic win.
......
Petrelli v. Luthor 2016
Dat Star Trek.
Meanwhile: lemme rephrase that, how do you like your eggs? fried, scrambled, what?
Wizard lol
Niki
XD
Bronysith: Poached.
"Wizard Magazine"
PUN
He was literally the bomb.
A worldwide punomenon
Meanwhile, so... someone set him up the bomb? :)
Wow this irc never gives up
LOL
I still don't get why Sylar didn't dodge that obvious charge. :D
Vordox: Don't know
lolololol
Fake his death??
Ryunosuke: Hard mode Mimiron makes me hate you for that.
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 12 hours, 37 minutes, 25 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
my sides...
Thanks Dabi.
RIP headphone users
:)
Night dari, thanks for the stream.
domo origato, dari
Thanks dari :)
Bed time! Night people
Latas dari, take care
Night, Airpuff
bye Airpuff
Night Airpuff :)
not long till s3 :)
Nightie night
That'll do for me. Later folks.
Airpuff: lata sucka
Bye Meanwhile :)
Anyone else want to leave?
Anyone?
que no
Anything else playing or is it just chat hereon?
no stream atm
but yeah, i also dont know why sylar didnt dodge that stab
but you can stay with us :3
Because Hiro is too awesome
here*
i can only assume hiro stopped time
DAMN
because Hiro's friend's power was like a Death note?
I don't know what day I was born on
death note is a boring anime after that one guy died
same as Code Geass
Yeah
i thought that too
Bronysith: You mean L?
It's boring for you, but not for others. :)
^
My Situation: I'm a wizard that sails across the ocean while Braeburn is captain.
code geass and death note are the same show, except geass has mechs
no.
they arent
No it's not. :S
Vordox: THAT was the moment, when i stopped watching Heroes. Hiro was SO likable
and i already explained why
"Oh no, my favorite character is dead, I hate this show now because all the other characters are bad"
HoodyNinja: i know people would ignore such detail that's why i made it like that so peole would remember the day they were born :S
people*
twoiloight_spurnkle: I'm guessing Sylar just didn't think he had it in him
HoodyNinja: Personally, i don't think the rest of the characters are overall bad, IT'S THE STORY
He was telling Hiro to finish him earlier, but he couldn't
Gummy burned down my mothers village...
*I'm guessing
eyjey just ignore him
i hope hes just trolling
do wat sprunkls say ayejay
if it's Bronysith, it isn't trolling
I think Bronysith is trying to say that fundamentally they're the same anime
it's all geniune
But I don't see it
indeed, they are nothing alike
and neither are the main characters, only besides them bein smart
but i already told him that before, so yeah
MFW Buytoast isn't in the Skype group with Sith, and yet still knows him well enough to say that.
Ahahahaha. XD
i barely know him
hell, whenever i try to talk, he calls me a /b/tard and dismisses me
Ha, he make joke :^D
Why do my eyes hurt
He's not trolling.
because u saw urself in a mirror
:>
HoodyNinja: cause alucard got to them
twoiloight_spurnkle: No no, all my mirrors are black
HoodyNinja: ah, thats a good idea
twoiloight_spurnkle: Then why do my eyes hurt?
HoodyNinja: maybe you saw a reflection somewhere else, like water
or a window
Because you saw King Neptune's baldness?
I can't afford water
lawl
and I don't trust windows
"there are no stairs!"<- my friend before he tripped on stairs
valoreins: Mind if I share that b-day scenario pic on facebook?
GlyphicStrike: sure :)
Ah FB
The one site I will never use
gb>twitter
*fb
i just dont see the appeal of twitter
i'm not sure why i made a FB account
^^
twitter is good for following people, not socially
facebook, ughhhhhh
character limit, message limit, annoying layour
goodnight!
*layout
Night, Vivix. :)
I never use it after i made it
latas Vivix
bye Vivix
valoreins: thanx!
/me waves
Bye Vivix :)
thelonepony: I do the same with my twitter
:I
im in a few fb groups, i find it farily convenient
way more tconvenient than twitter
well at least twitter is better than FB
no
fb is better :I
cue the fb vs twitter debate
okay Sprunksl :3
Too many tweets makes a twat
Lelelel
/me noms muffins
valoreins: abandon thread
/me noms on valoreins :3
ah! not my mane!
i dont caree That much about fb or twitter, but just logically twitter offfers very few things
true
and too many limits as well
and annoying hastags
But, FB has you on it, sprigles, and everyone knows sprinkles ruin everything
social networks are social. Don't care about which
but hoodi, is it springles or sprinkles, make choice
sprigles
sometimes facebook statuses have amusing updates...but very rarely
with two g's
oh we
*oh we'll be studying pringles in math tomorrow
sweet
Eat your work
do it
3d vector representation of pringles
Eat it anyway
cant, its a drawing, im not pinkie :I
You can if you believe you can!
theres some fancy name for the shape that pringles are, i dont remember it
Dodoxtarationdadron
I be leavin now. Night! /)
i'll get back to you on that tomorrow
bye GlyphicStrike (\
Night GlyphicStrike :)
latas GlyphicStrike (\
well, i was an admin of my country based brony group on fb, but now i quit temporarily
also, russian FB is awesome
i used to hate it, but its improved so much
it has everything, movies, music
does it have ponies?
of course
Sweet
it even has heroes
although ive yet to find one without a lame russian dub
with one guy doing all the voices
chat asleep?
eeyup :3
you waited 6 seconds to answer yourself
i know ._.
Hey guys
Hi, Aponymouss. :)
brb
oh and hi Aponymouss :)
Thanks :3
bye
0,5bye!
Rain: Yen
Yen is MLG currency
13i missed rain rain :<
Who?
....
13>:I
Who ist Rain?
13baka shinji
:D
13get back in the eva
o u Scoot.
NOOO >: (
:D
13you're going home right now
/me okay.jpg
/me Scootahome
Dat nick change
0,5nikk chaeng
>_>
0,5BY SHINJI
0,5YOURE THE GRANDCHAMPION
0,5I MUST FOLLOW YOU
0,5also dat razyn
ikr
bitch I'm fabulous
O.O
Dat BaconMane :3
Have a pic of the day http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m8kgq4JvYY1qhy4dgo1_1280.jpg
Aww all those birds.
Adorable.
jaymoo, y u r not in bread
what sprunkls said
thelonepony: Daww <3
I've already slept
ELLO EVERYPONY
ELLO
Hi Dj_Cyber-4G :)
Hi, Dj_Cyber-4G. :)
hoi Dj_Cyber-4G
/me wears Hat :3
I need halp
FREE Hat FREE Hat FREE Hat
with a story title again
We only offer help
Free hat for 1,000,000th visitor
Free virtual hat?
yay :3
so.... no stream and chat is BASICLY dead
Vordox: Because it was a samurai sword, I don't know
Real hat you gotta tell me address, credit card #, and how many people are usually home at midnight
I have no idea about swords
...
Then I'll deliver it personally
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m8lufzpVvJ1rrnep7o1_500.gif
/me has to thik
/me thing*
THING*
THINK
thelonepony: :D
oh mah gawd
:D
You never know when Nigel will appear
^
hello
:)
Hi xtremetoxicguy
Hi, xtremetoxicguy. :)
Vordox: I thought they would stab it into themselves then cut along and pull it out of their sides when they killed themselves?
What was the help you needed Dj_Cyber-4G
Hi xtremetoxicguy :)
They slice afterwards in that case, but that would still be stabbing first
what the...
Now, guys.... http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lx7gromA5c1qkvxkr.jpg
I need help with a story title
ahaha
exclamation point
Sudden stream
Dat Val stream
PLUS SHIPPING AND HANDELING
Dat ain't no Val stream
?
Commercial time?
Wuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuut
first world commercial!
what the hell kind of daycare cost 500 dollars
XD
:D
Get your Square card reader at square.com and then get your Square video games like Final Fantasy
non-narcotic pill >just lost me
00,10oh hey it's a Caramel stream
uh is anyone else getting an anti depressant commercial :S?
I am.
Me too
ok glad im not the only one :D
"If you have experienced death, then you may have a side effect
:D
Watch ALL the commercials!
say anyone played Vanquish? looks epic and was seeing if its worth 20$
1 day 12 hours left!
SQUEEEEE
Sumica stream?
ohau DoctorEmrysofBakerSt :)
I see the sci logo
AttackWithHugs: Nope
AttackWithHugs: Val stream.
look at the horse in the corner son
Oh...tvf
I detect How It's Made
;)
Caramel :>
yay
SCOOTALOO!
AAAAAAAAWWWWYEEEAAAAAAAAAA
Scooterlol
it just came out...
my power was out for a weak and i just got it back :)
Man, I HATE this cold. Anybody know how to deal with it? I took some Dayquil, but that didn't really help.
Oh wow.
Welcome, gold. :)
welcome back gold :)
big
Attention Wii owners: Tatsunoko vs. Capcom is going out-of-print. Grab if you want it while you still can
"a electric scooter, for most children these days
SCOOT SCOOT SCOOOTTTTAAALLOOOOOOOOOO!!!
DoctorEmrysofBakerSt: Stop it! You're scaring away my chickens!
Ooh, it's this the recent episode?
So, who here has Halo 4?
MER
ME!
But
Because, looking at the logo in the courner...It is.
I wasnt able to play it until next friday :(
dat sumi
WHO IS THIS PONY?!?!?!??!??!
00,10ohhi
Ohhh...
I KNEW it was a Sumi stream!
LOL
xtremetoxicguy: I take it you ordered it online and haven't physically obtained it yet?
ohai
CALLED IT.
no
the internet shut down when i was downloading it
So, I'm assuming that the new episode will be at 9 am central time?
and now
I have to wait till next friday to get it fixed
eddmario: Yep. :)
xtremetoxicguy: Wait, downloading it?
who is the green pony 6_9
DoctorEmrysofBakerSt: A lot of the streamers have their OCs on the screen during non-episode streams
DoctorEmrysofBakerSt: Sumi's oc
but R63
woah
<_<
PUMPKIN CHUNKIN!
THE SPIKEAPULT
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT
WOOHOOOOOOO
00,10with the myth turns
If I was in that show, I would name mine the spikeapult
All pumpkins flung and splattered will be scraped up and made into pumkin pie
I would called it the Needle of a Thousand Pains.
Poor pumpkins ;~;
the fun has been doubled!
...IF I was in the show...
.... Pumpkin flinging? BEST SHOW EVER
:3
Pumpkin Flinging...
13this is what i WANTED to see while i was in illinois
Dj_Cyber-4G: lol ikr? better than that jersey shore crap :D
This game show...is AWESOME!!
;) Definetly
Honey boo boo child...
O3O
OHNO
Shizuka: I'm pretty sure you won't see this in Illinois. Trust me, I live there.
lol inb4 AJ sends Dash flying :D
rainbow dash...
R%AINBOWWWWW
00,10needs pumpken bucken
13eddmario: Morton hosts a punkin chunkin contest
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 11 hours, 56 minutes, 29 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
This wouldn't work at all in Wisconsin. To man hills
13but it was cancelled due to rain
eddmario: where do you live in Illinois?
SO
*many
FREAKING AWESOME
eddmario: Who told you they would?
thelonepony: DeKalb specifically. It's where barbed wire was invented.
13oh this is narrated by grant imahara isn't it
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA FOR THE WINNNNNNN :P
13i can tell
eddmario: Cool :3
00,10all the mythturns
AJIsAwesome: Because spicy foods usually do.
I love Millionaire, it was one of the greatest game shows and had a TONS of peoples that woned the million dollars...
13awsm
DoctorEmrysofBakerSt: Please calm down the caps lock. :)
*down with
is NewSuperBronyU here?
now i know where to buy something to hurt someone >:3
...Until the revamp...they removed the hot seat, and the Phone-A-Friend...
Heyhey
Hi, Kurra. :)
OH YAY PUNKIN CHUNKIN
/me hugs Kurra :3
Hi :3
Hi Kurra :3
/me hugs thelonepony... and just about the rest of the herd too
/me hugs Kurra back :D
/me got a cookie for training |3
/me Glomps thelonepony
/me hugs Kurra
brb taking a bath
i guess not
/me hugs Ponies47 :3
00,10high science, in splatering pumpkens
/me all on AJIsAwesome *mooshflat*
/me is flattened :D
/me Stands on top of Ayejay :3
THis is live??
Dat cut
00,10yeah it's live TV
Shizuka, dont lie to yourself, you just wanted to do it so you could say "HA HA, THE FUN HAS BEEN DOUBLED!" :)
3 RDs? :O
evening everypony
Hi, pony_6050. :)
Hi pony_6050
hey everyone
Hi, Madviking. :)
/me Is worried that Bstate is gonna crash during the season 3 premier
Hi pony_6050 :)
Hi Madviking :)
Hi Madviking
hello :)
what time is the mlp marathon starting tomarrow night after the movie showin g?
/me makes dragon filling between Ponies47 AJIsAwesome pony sandwich
I hear they're working on it as much as they can, so I'm not that worried. :)
pony_6050: eeyup :3
/me realizes he has to change the time of the season 3 notification on the calander of his phone
Kurra: ;~;
pony_6050: Yep. After MLP marathon. :)
/me is now a sandwich?
Pony sandwich!
:D
Ponies47: Actually, we had a little thing earlier, it's to make sure that the stream won't crash...
Nono, think more like an Oreo.
i want A sammich :3
/me is fat
Something to do with refreshing and all that.
00,10Marathon is right after the movies
VenHur: Ah
Kurra: im fat too :3
00,10roughly 9PM PST
I haf returned fellow bronies!!!!
wb PonyJesus :)
Hello everyone, everything, everywhere, everytime
Hi flutterchu :)
hey
Hi, flutterchu. :)
Welcome back, PonyJesus.
Dat two headed hamster
tis glorius
What r we watching?
Hmmmmm. I have to go out after later on in the day after season 3 preimer. But pony marathon to. Forget sleep. I'll stay up all night Friday! :D
pumpkin chunking
pumpkin chinkin
And if you're in the East Coast, be ready to stay up till 3 AM if you want to watch the whole marathon. Sleep is for the weak
Ponies47: I might do that too. :D
/me Grabs coffee "But start making some" :P
*Better start
Either that or take an early nap.
Dat imperceptible shot.
ayejay why not both :P
gatorade for me
Pfffft. Naps
careful Ponies47 ,dont want to accidently miss the premier
/me derp
I'm seriously considering staying up, though. :D
^
13whoosh
pie?
I AM
SpeccyRush: I no. I'll have coffee and/or soda next to me the whole time :P
I like pie
HWOOAGH
*Oh no
It's a bird?
a pumpkin flying like a bird....
ITS A PLANE
No, it's.....just a pumpkin.
ITTSSSSS SCOOTALOOOO
Hm.
pumpkin birds! 6_9
/me noms on pie
Angry Pumkins
/me nom nom nom nom nom nom nom
/me applauds Midwet engineers, there's a reaason they put one in TF2. \ :D /
Midwest that is.
if there are pumpkin birds does that mean there are apple fish?
hi
Wait Engineer is midwestern? Huh no wonder I play as him all the time when playing TF2
Hi flutterlove :)
Hi, flutterchu. :)
13engie is texan
Hi flutterlove
* flutterlove
potato deer :O
The Engineer is from Texas.
ayejay Tab fail :D
why hello Ponies47...
:P
HULLOOOOO
also hi guys :)
sillieh ayejay is sillieh :3
Hi sonicdude558 :3
so many people saying hi.....
/me throws a Twi plushie into the chat
MINE
last time on 2 months ago
MINE!!!
/me noms on twi plushie
MINNEEEEE
MINE!!!!
/me nom nom nom nom nom nom
I LIKE HER MANEEEEEE
dumb question when i came in and u guys said high to me it made the notification sound how did u do that? did u just type in my name?
dunno
I was hoping for that reaction.
/me takes it away from flutterchu
Derp. Sorry. I'm not good with where the TF2 classes are from. I know the Medic is German ant that's pretty much it :I
Fursuit = Meh.
:|
Plushie = WANT OMG OMG
Isn't the Medic Austrian?
MINEEE
oh well.
Ohai weeping_pegasi82 :3
00,10DoctorEmrysofBakerSt, type part of the name and hit the tab key
What an odd difference
weeping_pegasi82: but my soliva......it's part of me :'(
00,10to auto compleat the name
kk ty
flutterchu: ehh... you can have it back
good morning :)
Rowing machine! :D
Basically Pon (Press tab) Ponies47
Hi, DaringDerpy. :)
SQUEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Hi DaringDerpy :)
but for the love of god make sure its the right name DoctorEmrysofBakerSt
Morning DaringDerpy
That's it, I'm gonna lift weights tomorrow.
tab failures
:| SpeccyRush
tab failures everywhere
Kurra: YOU CAN DO IT!!!!
00,10he's not a horse
wait when did we stop watching pumpkin launching and start watching this?
13AAAAS A HORSE
oh since you guys are so good...
760w = 1HP. ~540W = best 10 pulls ever rowing XD
I will throw a few more
/me throws 10 twi plushies into the chat
/me noms on twi plushie
I'm gonna make pumpkin pies this weekend :>
/me nom nom nom nom nom nom nom nom
/me noms on the flutterchu that is nomming the twi plushie.
MINEEEEE
00,10they should use use the man falling off the tower to power it
how did they not think of that earlier wtf!!
ha best windup toy EVAR
Kurra: Oh God homemade pumkin pie. Can you send me some? :P
Ponies47, let's have a brony meet! XDDDD
And yes, HOMEMADE form SCRATCH pumpkin pies.
ADS WHY?!??!?!??!
Kurra: Ok! Get you (squee) to Wisconsin! :D
Kurra: Sounds delicious. :O
am gonna make like 8 or 10 in one day too.
You guys enjoy those Twi plushies... I gotta goto bed. Good night guys :)
im back left for a few minutes
Commercials aren't as fun as they used to be any more...
NIght, sonicdude558. :)
Night sonicdude558
oh this commercial gah
night sonicdude558
00,10death
Best commercisal
DoctorEmrysofBakerSt: Because this is being streamed live from their television, like the new episodes are gonna be.
Kids these days with TV
facehoof
dj aflack ftw
everywhere
Random bit of trivia: The new VA for the Aflac duck is Dee Snider of Twisted Sister.
G'night everypony :)
Night, DoctorEmrysofBakerSt. :)
Night DoctorEmrysofBakerSt
Though I hates modern commercials...Old Spice's commercials are interesting.
news you allready know:the actor barney wascarrying drugs in the tail
I hate spanish so much. I should've dropped the class when I still had the chance! ;A;
HELLO EVERYPONY!
hi
http://www.dorkly.com/comic/46002/dangerous-to-go-alone
HI DOCTOR_NICK!
so many commercials
http://fav.me/d5ki13d These comics are amazing
Ponies47, but Spanish gets you all the mares!
hahahaha
pumlins
I call dibs on Chrome
no
Kurra: You know what's the most pathetic thing about me? My mother is from a spanish speaking country and I don't know how to speak spanish! ;A;
that's not pathetic Ponies47.
if you want, you can learn :>
You can do iiiiiiiit
Dat shizumobile
Ponies47: come on, bro! you're still on time!
area 52
lol
:I
/me Insert ''Eye Of The Tiger''
Ponies47: Bitch, please. I'm part Polish, German, AND Russian, and I don't know ANY of those languages, save for Volkswagen, Autobahn, and Vodka
00,10that thing is deadly
Oh my gosh that thing was kirkin'
bad languege
lol spell check
Eddmario: Ah.
/me is learning Catalan btw
lol
I would LOVE to chunk Justin Biber on that thing.
Catalan whoa
*Bieber
/me wants to learn German and Japanese though.
Ok I only know basic spanish words such as "hola" and such :I
<_<
/me still has to learn German, Japanese and Chinese
Have you guys ever seen the trebuchet video launching a piano on Bill Nye the Science Guy before? XDDDDDDDDDDDDD
no commercials
that thing was SO hilarious
I only know one japanese word and that's "baka"
lol
pain
Ponies47: I know 3: Sushi, Godzilla, Toyota
cynbalta
no
Pills = How to change
Thinking = Not how to change
lol
so why are we watching live tv?
>.>
I use to be on pills but then stopped taking them.
Because punkin chunkin
pills here
ah
learn how ponies party get allthe mares
hello everypony
CHOCOLAAAAATE! CHOCOLAAAAATE!
Hi AVS619
nerf_soldier: Why not?
<--- What will happens in 2012.
hi
J_E_Smith71: good point
nerf_soldier: Because Sumi thinks this is cool to show
nerf_soldier: And pumpkin flinging is pretty cool
J_E_Smith71: indeed it is
Oh God the yellow brick joke
yelling solves everything
Ciao.
Hi, AVS619. :)
Be back in a few. About 10 - 15 minutes
ok
bye
lol
lol they done goofed
00,10well at least it saves them a walk
They only need 2 things: Duck Tape and WD-40
what pony shirt are you wearing everypony/
[Epic Fail horn]
back everyone srry bout that
ok
Welcome back, Madviking. :)
/me does not have any MLP shirts
wellcome back
ty
flutterlove123: ....... im not wearing a shirt
flutterlove123: dont have one
VenHur: I almost read the h as a p in that
niether do I
ja
13how it's maaaade~
yay
awesome love this show
00,10needs more
more cowbell
ponies
cow bells wtf
dakka?
pens
This is SuperBrony's favorite episode all of a sudden.
...Just for cowbells...
2 days
2 more days
Here's how woodcarvings are made in a single sentance: They fucking carvew the fucking wood.
^
new ponies this saturday
after this day i will make my living off of.........cowbells >_>
lol
lolol
yolo
:O ponies are back
01101100 01110101 01101110 01100001 00100000 01101001 01110011 00100000 01100010 01100101 01110011 01110100 00100000 01110000 01101111 01101110 01111001
lol
....
.......
You're banned, bro.
VenHur: Or warn kicked.
Bob Ross is a great man
warm kicked?
lol
kicking with love
yr
I think I have my top 3 human of the universe
its jesus
its like if fluttershy was a mod she would ban but ban with compassion
making babies
3.Bob Ross 2.Carl Sagan 1.Jackie Chan
hey bronies what do you want to see happen in season 3 of MLP?
It is an herald.
everything
kidzrul732: Us to get it
out of wood
kidzrul732: Ponies?
yes
^
tons of ponies
kidzrul732, seaponies
no ponies here<_<
the_real_pony_1604: SHOO BEE DOO!
kidzrul732: I think... seeing agape love and death addressed, and seeing the positives that can be learned form both....
shoo shoo bee doo
Where's that agape pony love thing?
Ooh...beautiful...
ITALY
pretty wood.......
NO COMMERCIALS
wow that's... mean?
dem ads :D
Yes commercials. :3
...Now someone makes a woodcrave of a video game character, then my life is complete.
NO BATTERIES
Yes batteries. :3
flutterlove123: At least it's not the same ads we see over and over on pony eps
as long its isnt that Snuggle commercial
i need more batteries
it*
SNUGGIES
why are you watching ads?
play dat snuggie ad
DaringDerpy: TV stream. :)
DaringDerpy: Becuase it's a live TV stream
wooo bronystate ads, finally in video form!
oh
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 11 hours, 22 minutes, 34 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
because this is TV and not recorded?
00,10More like they found a way to sace cash on making choclate
I hate how the new Energizer commercials scrapped the "It keeps going, and going, and going..." slogan...that makes me a sad panda.
reported to copyright police
00,10save*
yay
VenHur: http://www.coolthings.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/10/8bitwood1.jpg
and now we continue our learning endeaver......about forks
sporks
Eddmario: LIFE IS GOOD!
Eddmario: Nice.
nice
That's why google is your friend
/me needs to find the perfect spoon
hot
no perfect stallion
wut :I
?
SPOOOOOOOOOOOOOON! - As quoted by The Tick.
we all long for the one special spoon in our lives
my spoon is too big
"Who wants Pizza Rolls?"
ME!
:3
ME!
hey AJIsAwesome can i eat them with my spoon? :#
No one seen the Tick?
Yes. :3
VenHur: i have.
yaaaaay!!!
Oh good.
AJIsAwesome: Woe is me, because I cannot eat pizza rolls at the present.
pizza rolls...red letter media
Kencolt: Mouth still hurting?
sorry had to leave for a sec
wb flutterlove123
Im gonna go write everypony GOODNIGHT
AJIsAwesome: Yeah-- and lower isn't fitting right and I have to go in at 7:30 tomorrow. :P
Bye, Dj_Cyber-4G. :)
thank you
later Dj_Cyber-4G
cement...
00,10Spooning line, form a queue
when was this? 1980?
cement spoons.....seems legit
yes
spooons
:P
pfftt i have mah wooden spoons
SPOOOOOON! [thunders and lightnings]
so is this how they make spoons or something?
what do they do with all that extra metal?
so my knives are filled with cement?
easy nerf_soldier they make more SPOOOOONS
nerf_soldier: Build sentry guns and dispensers?
spooning, forking, and then knifing.
pinkie kill with what now
?
thanks for the answers XD
CASUAL?
NewSuperBronyU you here now?
i didnt think spoons were this complex......
trust me i am science
wtf how http://cheezburger.com/6736264192
hey guys :)
hi
hi RDash5000 :)
Hi, RDash5000. :)
Nii Zan
NOW YOU FUCKED UP
Niiisaaan
00,10.....how
flutterlove123: you are science?
thegt90: hahahahahahaha wtf
you sure you can fit in der
LESS THAN 48 HOURS
Magic. *snort* *snort*
im derpy :P
Tom strikes again.
Lincoln
no obama :P
no vampires. 0/10
dat Tom :D
so we can either watch a movie about Lincoln as a prez, or Lincoln as a vampire hunter. hmmmmmm
slenderpeoples
Lincoln...looks nice for a movie.
Woah, I JUST saw that EXACT commercial for Lincoln just a second ago on TV.
the_real_pony_1604: First choice.
pumkins
:D
What do you think of Lincoln, mods?
love this
goodbye everypony i have hw i need to be doing
VenHur: Everyone's going to be seeing Skyfall though probably
hey does anypony know where that one pic on dA was, the one of the four kinds of love, illustrated with ponies?
how about that one movie where Lincoln is fighting zombies :3
Bye, AVS619. :)
bye :(
avs619
bye
...That never happens.
bai AVS619
ikr
NewSuperBronyU y u no here
thegt90: my counter to your rock http://www.jokeroo.com/pictures/fail/crashed-car-or-oven.html
yeah soooooooooo free
Madviking: :D
Obviously, Netflix is better.
pop pop
WHAT
http://cheezburger.com/6726442496 shark
Mfw pop goes the world
MICA WHAT THE FUCK
Im scared
thegt90: Megashark in his later years
lol
me too'
great now i have to find a shark counter......ILL BRB thegt90
needs moar cowbell
omg
moo!
Needs more NewSuperBronyU.
^
damn
00,10how about yu calm down JRP2234
some fancy ass cow bells
thegt90: :D
mica pls
i din
fin*
HAWT SPOT
NewSuperBronyU your missing your fav bit
Forging= sexy
if the replaced this narrator with morgan freeman, it would be one of the best shows ever
they*
NewSuperBronyU: You're not missing the Moos, are you?
moo
Baa
ruff
moo
COCKADOODLEDOO
AUSGEZEICHNET
I win |D
hey thegt90 try this on for size http://www.myvowtogod.com/tdc.htm
/me Gandum styles back into the chat
OMG THANK YOU GatlingGroink57 THANK YOU SO MUCH
ew a Ponies47
:3
im so happy
sup Ponies47
"white powder"
Ponies47: sprinkles won't be happy..... :D
Nothing much RDash5000
Madviking: Megashark in his later...ah fuck it, I think it's his brother, JAWS.
lol
one big ass bell there
so i was shrugging and i found out that GatlingGroink57 made team logo's for my BFDI camp
http://s1260.beta.photobucket.com/user/flutterchu2/media/Screenshot2012-11-08at74736PM.png.html
this weekend is gonna be so fucking rad
RDash5000: It sure is. :)
it will be for me
dat cowbell looks nice :)
it is a cow, what the heck
adorable :>
^
wouldn't mind having a cowbell like that
suddenly commercials
Nice BMN followed with marathon then the FAMOUS SEASON 3 PREMIERE, but it doesn't end there
CrimsonPhoenix: Background pony? :)
there's also Background Pony conclusion, 007: Skyfall
As long an cowbell is not cursed...I would wears one.
miuca
aaaaand what else.....
mica*
your ads are creepy
oh mai
http://cheezburger.com/6727146240
Speaking of the new bond film, today or tomarrow is the 50th anniversary of the first James Bond film
CrimsonPhoenix: A lot of stuff.
Oh, Scoots is still here. :D
Ah yes...50 Years of Bond...
Also, Sethisto confirmed for coming on to the show
Scootahome, Scoot-Scootaloo?
I didn't know he was lurking.
thegt90: Saw that earlier
everywhereness :D
oh well
what show is Sir Dragonbanger appearing on Scootahome?
you have proved a worthy rival thegt90 but i will find a counter to that!!!!
Dem suits
wow 3
omg
The Doctor loves this commercial.
mica buy me a suit
Guys, protect your girlfriends! Ladies, control yourselves! Sethisto is coming on the bronystate pre/post show!
Rule 34: NO exceptions. http://cheezburger.com/6740026880
is RosettaStone a software you can pirate?
is that mica's ping?
Scootahome: Awesome
are you being honest about that Scootahome?
Eddmario: Hell no.
Scootahome: He is? QUICK, HIDE THE TRIXIE PLUSHIES WE PLANNED TO BURN AS A SACRIFICE OT THE GOD HASBRO!
00,10wondered how long before that stage show image would get here
also R34 is one of the great disgraces that humanity has made
lol wut
Buytoast: It said on the newsletter he might show up
SHOOTING PUMPKINS FOR SCIENCE
welp
Scootahome: oh please seth only has eyes for trixie all the girls will be fine
FOAR SCIENCE!
Buytoast: Yes. The Trixie and Cynder loving guy is coming to talk to you guys. god help us... God help us all.
Eddmario: :O
Eddmario, fun fact that's photoshopped and I saw the thread that picture originated
Sumica: Oh so you saw it too already huh?
00,10saw it monday
fancy pens
And then came pencils and markers...
...And paintbrushes...
I saw it when it first came out
fountain pen is THE ULTIMATE writing utensil in all the UNIVERSE
dat pictures been floating around since last week
now that picture is ruined
Hey, remember blowpens?
Sumica: Except the image I saw had "And then they fucked" on it
00,10I saw the non macro one
the one I saw had nothing
solid gold nib...........:O
mica i want
dayum
XDDDD
00,10there are other ones where they give names to the kids based on brony comunitys
ohhhhh myyy XD
:D
mica has the best ping ever :D
Gilda can play with my Nib any day
XD XD XD
enough with the Mi ca ping
Sumica is a Spock fan...
Guys, don't make me laugh. I'm drinking hot cocoa right now, and I don't wanna have both a cold AND burns all over my face...
I want to write with an actual quill sometime
Yeah save the ping for when its needed
CrimsonPhoenix: Same.
CrimsonPhoenix: Same here, except I'm left handed, so that won't end well...
00,10that's sulu not spock
gold and diamond pens!? no wonder we gonna be robbing other planets of resources in the future
Eddmario, spoiler: I'm left-handed too
does/did anyone here take a machine metals class in school?
and what's wrong with left-hand people
What's next? PLATINUM pens?!
Left handed people are COMMUNISTS >: (
CrimsonPhoenix: they were considered to be "evil" since they have a different writing hand.
VenHur: unubtamium pens
VenHur: yes yes yes :D
CrimsonPhoenix: left handed writers tend to smear ink
I'm left handed too.
SpeccyRush, oh yeah that
COMMUNISTS?
Scootahome: :I
Hi.
I'd rather have a ballpoint
Hi, Reikim. :)
Any update on the survey?
those are some nice looking pens. to bad I rarely ever write anything anymore
alright this episode of how its made has been very enlightening but im good for the night talk to everyone later
Hai everypony
Bye, Madviking. :
*:)
Did you know the original vulcan greeting was one would kneel and the other would touch the one kneeling on the shoulder? Leanord Nimoy actually created the hand gesture, based on a jewish one, because it vulcans apparently hate physical contact
Hi, DerpyMuffins. :)
i write with the laser built into my index finger
00,10not lead?
So, I've got an almost IMPOSSIBLE riddle for you guys. Want me to ask it?
So lead isnt lead?
Eddmario: sure
00,10damn false advertiseing
Eddmario: Shoot.
sup DerpyMuffins :)
Hai
That's 250,000 ponies wating to be drawn in that lead <3
/me pulls out a gun and fires it at AJIsAwesome
Eddmario: [shrug]
Dat DerpyMuffins :3
/me is shot D:
Seriously, ready for it?
Here it is.
Sure. :D
How is a raven like a writing desk?
Nope
You don't look happy to see me Ponies47
/me puts down respawn point for AJIsAwesome
Edgar Allen Poe wrote on both of them.
C'mon son
step it up
ore soupe ill have a bowl
DerpyMuffins, Don't be silly! :3
Buytoast: NOPE
It has multiple answers
and that's one of em
https://images.4chan.org/b/src/1352433232220.jpg remember anonymous?
Buytoast: Nice try, but that's not it. Try again.
that man's hand looked awesome
Oh my gosh EVERYTHING in there is gray XDDD
Eddmario: Easy, the raven likes writing on it with it's feather for a quill.
00,10what dose a titan rocket have to do with a horrses ass.
?
VenHur: Nope, not it.
both have a tail
http://horsepower.emeraldcoastcomics.net/comics/001.png
Sumica: Um, what?
these machines....
DaringDerpy: what... are they just not big anymore?? XD
00,10lead cannon
Sumica: They both have to do with government?
bewm
Poe wrote on both of them, both can have feathers, both have stories written on em, etc
It's pissing lead
^
per hand?
What on 4 legs in the morning 2 in the afternoon and 3 at night?
You guys give up? I'll tell you the answer if you guys gave up.
Dat lead
weeping_pegasi82: People.
Alright, here's the answer.
THERE IS NO ANSWER!
dicks
You can't give an answer if the person asking the question refuses to accpet the correct answer.
weeping_pegasi82: 4, baby. 2, Man. 3. Old Man.
dayum
again per hand
Buytoast: The fact that there is no answer is the official one.
yeah I know it's an easy one
Okay
at least ask a question that REALLY has no answer
I GOT A RIDDLE
but it does have an answer
you just flat out lied
What is it, Kurra? :)
Who's the biggest whackjob on this channel??
ME
*shrugs*
Kurra: Buytoast is
I win :)
Kurra: :D
last time I've seen such machines in germany was in the early 90s
windows 8
ugh I hate commercials
oh
mmm
little ceasers
now that's good pizza
^
Commercials Sumi?
DaringDerpy: I'd <3 to go to Germany some time. It's supposed to be a beutiful country, and the chocolate cake is to DIE for.
oh shit little ceasars
a shame they shut down Ceaserland
that place was fun as hell
Mmm...pizza...
HWOOAGH
OH GOD
O_O
PIZZATIIIME
XD
HOW HORRIFYING
Pedo moon
._.
:S
AAAAAH! [falls off of chair]
Eddmario: best country...I complain about it all the time :)
and Luna was on that moon for 1000 years
It's the Baby Sun's brother!
...You know what i'm talking about!
don't know about the chocolade cake...
So, apparently the baby who played the sun in Teletubbies grew up to be a hot chick
that
wat
is creepy
old news
Eddmario, lolat
lolwat**
Eddmario: *Ba dum tish*
VenHur: The pun was unintentional
Oh yeah...
Eddmario you're just fulla pearls of wisdome tonight aren
arent ya? XD
this is squidward's favorite episode
toeholes? D:
Cello FTW!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E1Amh2MfJ4U
:O
TheBadger: no video links during stream :)
Dat vid link
holy shit...
Brb, afk
:O
a furry music video
alrighty then
:O
meh. i've seen worse
Honestly....
HONESTLY :[
we don't need no stinkin BADGERS!
badger badger badger badger
just getting attention you insufferable
Mushroom mushroom
You have alot of room to talk Fluttershy. We all know what you do with those hydras
TheBadger: :S
Phase4: Is something wrong with the lotto survey? I havent been able to access it.
00,02RaveBrony, we misplaced it
TheBadger: eeyup she hugs them!
Ah
ahh crap quality clarinets
00,02it'll be sorted
Others said they could access it just fine tho D:
Eh, oh well, Ill just wait then :P
Thanks, Phase4.
Best job ever
So, by the time you get your clarinet, some girls spit is already on it!
Yay!
Eyup
Wooo
Whooo!
AMong other liquids from her, Hoody
Yay!
Blood!
HoodyNinja: oh please they clean it! :D
I love the taste of blood
I miss Bepto Bismol
They still have it, don't they?
I miss how channel used to be. -.-
I like pears. [Apple'd by the Doctor]
yay boring commercials :|
Yay to Ads!
Commercials aren't as fun as they used to be... :|
This chat isn't dead? O.O
I thought it was Pepto Bismol.
Only the superbowl commercials are good
Even then its only a select few
...I miss that fucking Crossfire commercial...
00,10boooo, the 60% sale is over already
CROSSFIRE~
PUNKIN CHUNKIN
FUCK YEAH
VenHur, CROSSFIRE
he looks like a brian
Japan commercials are CRAZY
At least the japan commercials are still weird as fuck, even to this day.
Ponies47, ALREADY?
I heard them on the radio... bleh
IT BEGINS
Ponies47: :P
CrimsonPhoenix, Yup. I've already seen several
I want to cum inside rainbow dash
Starbucks are already using winter themed cups :|
Derpy-mation!
AJIsAwesome, ...
I know, right?
YAY ART
also, ponies :)
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 10 hours, 42 minutes, 29 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
/me shoot hoof fists in the air!
Chritmas just starts when it wants to
and ends when it wants to
AJIsAwesome, It's July! :[
The ONE thing I hate about X-Mas? I almost ALWAYS get a flu or cold (and rarely pnumonia) around that time
all dat silicon
well now it's all covered in goop
magics
That looks like pancake syrup...
weeping_pegasi82: what's goop?
that's awesome :D
^
flutterchu: Goop: sticky stuff you don't know the name of or don't care
that is AMAZING :O.....
Um, I'm pretty sure this is NOT how it's done, unless it's a HUGE budget film...
That's a BIG set ;~;
I'm back, was getting some ice cream from the freezer.
"That's a lotta fish!"
Miss anything?
VenHur: Want ;~;
VenHur: What kind?
Welcome back, VenHur. :)
VenHur, Mmmm ice cream :3
/me noms on VenHur's ice cream
imagine Ponyville like this
OY
/me nom nom nom nom nom nom
Eddmario: Triple flavors.
/me pulls flutterchu away
CrimsonPhoenix: I CAME!
Meh
Eddmario: Of strawberry...vanilla...and...
/me noms on flutterchu
brb
VenHur: What are the flavors?
CHOCOLAAAAATE!
T'would be cool
/me nom nom nom nom nom nom nom
VenHur: Oh, so Neopoliton then.
nice toy
Yeah.
that unplugging USB sound
I was just asking about te lotto :P
I want this
I thought that was mine. :D
anyway I'm off to bed
Night, CrimsonPhoenix. :)
OH COME ON :[
i did to
good night CrimsonPhoenix
My favorite flavors are chocolate, red velvet, and rocky road
I'm getting dizzy
latas CrimsonPhoenix
g'night CrimsonPhoenix
Au revoir
Did I miss the special effect part?
CrimsonPhoenix: Panzy
ahahaha
RUN
VenHur: You couldn't have had the worst timing. It ended RIGHT when you entered
wow, only 2 days
Any update on the survey?
Eddmario: FAWK!
Really?
it barely even NOVEMBER
HoodyNinja: you dont celibrate cristmas?
flutterchu: I do, but it's suuuuuuuuuuuuuch a huge hassel
time to*
Everyone in my family brings a tree to the designated house, and I always have to put everything together
best present is money, just sayin
Thanksgiving hasn't even happened yet!
^
HoodyNinja: OOOOOOH!!!!!1 are you getting presents? DO YEE HAVE KIDZ?
Forget Thanksgiving Day, suuure...
Im back everypony
So Dominoes's and Wendy's got new logos...they're okay...not as bad as DC's...
Welcome back, DerpyMuffins. :)
Lmao
XDDD
00,10suttle
^
So, what are we watching?
flutterchu: No, I have no kids
kids are annoying
HoodyNinja: okay........
I thought TiVo was better than DirectTV...
RaveBrony: Its not porn >_>
does anybody on here even have kids?
Should I go to Princeton for Law school?
Of course they do
Apperantly, no one have.
VenHur: What do you mean Wendy's has a new logo? They have the same one
/me derp
HoodyNinja: Orly??
DerpyMuffins: Can you be a lawyer and still be a murderer?
I will eat your soul
HoodyNinja what is that supposed to mean?
HoodyNinja: isn't that part of getting the job? XD
Nothing
I don't recodnize this character
recognize*
00,10probably something canadian
yeah, I have no idea what movie this is
J_E_Smith71: *ehem* http://images3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20121011203331/logopedia/images/5/52/Wndy's_2012_logo.jpeg
/me Returns
You were sayin'?
00,10make a pony with it
VenHur: What the? Where did that come from? Their site still has the old logo
Night y'all!
._.
good night scootahome
Ah
they stare into oblivion
latas Scoots
longing for the end to come
does anyone else here hate dolls?
<--- This is scooool!
Stop motion <3
8V
dolls are horrific
8|
specially glass eyed ones
6_6
Pixar is stop motion?
89
Buytoast: Agreed
only creepy dolls
kick ass
those things are demonic
always watching you, waiting
Dumb fabric
soon
Well, I thinked they once used stop motion for one short film...like the one with the clown and the trycicle.
now do it with ponies
00,10so it's just realy complex screenplay
Awesome
XD
Dat's awesome O3O
O_O
I don't understand the people who dedicate their life to this work.
AAAAA
Dat volume up
13aah sudden volume
MY EARS
sudden volume change
@.X
Volume got louder
I thought that was only me ._.
holy shit where the volume come from
good thing my volume is VERY low
00,10cat was sleeping on the cords
Volume wasn't that high for me. :S
Sorry I left, my Shockwave Flash crashed... :|
VenHur: Oh no wonder I missed that new logo, it's not going to be used till March
Good thing I'm using headphones and didn't have them on my head when that happened
Sumica, What is with cats and computers? Does yours walk up on your computer like mine do? .-.
wow. that looks pretty good
Sumica: A good cat is one made into meatballs
Catballs?
Eddmario: D:
Stop motion looks like it can takes a hell of a lot of frames...
No, a good cat is one that has a dog for an ass
claymation
00,10apples
alarm clock rings...time to prepare for real life
O_o
VenHur: No wonder I missed that new logo, it won't be used till March (Chat derped as I posted this)
meh
Oh geez
Yay western
00,10so how dose one stuff an apple
Yay, saddles.
Ive never had an olive O_o
Hows everyone?
^
are they really tasty??
by filling it with music Sumica!
They're pretty good
Black olives are amazing
How have you never had an olive?
DaringDerpy: i went outside once. the graphics were amazing! but the plotline and gameplay were terrible
They look nasty to me O_o
http://i.imgur.com/4XzVK.jpg
ewwww olives
Olive Garden had a lots of olive themed foods...
RaveBrony: They're VERY vinnigary
oh I do love a good olive
RDash5000: it's a nice sandbox game
Eddmario: Oh god o_e
DaringDerpy: ;A;
DaringDerpy: that. is. awesome.
hi every pony
olives are nasty
Hi, therainbowvortex. :)
Oh hi therainbowvortex!
hey therainbowvortex
sup therainbowvortex
You know what you SHOULD try? A bell pepper. They're not hot
Hey therainbowvortex
00,10I notice there is less puns
I hate peppers
Any pepper
hi therainbowvortex :)
We're watching How It's Made. They're showing olives, saddles, etc for this episode.
I love peppers!!
HoodyNinja: I take it you never had a bell pepper before.
Yuck...peppers...
HoodyNinja: Im with ya on that
Hate peppers. Love olives.
I have
Don't like em
im so excited about tomorow
HoodyNinja: Even on pizza?
damn
great now I'm hungry for fajitas
Eddmario: They ruin pizza
therainbowvortex: you and me both :)
Olive minigun
I don't know how it tastes like...maybe bitter. But it's REALLY spicy. :(
TheRainbowDawn: why tomarrow? Season 3 doesn't come out til saturday...
Pizza O3O
oh how much longer til sesion3 now
Eeeew
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 10 hours, 25 minutes, 49 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
I heard the yellow jappalenos are the most hottest peppers...
VenHur: Nope, ghost chilis are
Dat grammar
how do you even tell
44 hours, therainbowvortex
count every second
00,10wait they manualy stuff
o_e
34&
Eddmario: nope. the trinidad Butch T. is the hottest
*
Eddmario: Oh yeah, sudden memories of the Zombie Island movie comming back to me...
Well thats not very efficient
that's so... repetitive
DaringDerpy: ohmygodohmygodohmygod
00,10you would think they could stuff as they pit
Sucky job
Sumica: I thought they did O_o
Gosh, I'll never eat a stuffed olive again D:
VenHur: What movie?
Eddmario: Scooby Doo on Zombie Island.
Dat movie
Push out the pit with the stuffing or something like that
not like I ever ate stuffed olives before, ewwwgh
00,10all those migrant workers
my mission today: must tell anyone I am a brony and waiting for tomorrow
must not
i dont want to wait any more
shit son, i loved Scooby Doo on Zombie Island
I like plain non-brined olives :9
I owned that movie too, and I loved loved LOVED it!
^
That movie was fantastic.
Wasn't robot chicken creator seth green in the second live-action one?
that song during the whole chase scene
I want olives now
AUGH!
Scooby dooby doo~
Oh geeez
Where the fuck is that dog?
BRB shower
IT'S TERROR TIME AGAIN
All of the black
00,10you meen we can trample people before blackfriday?
AJIsAwesome: i wana watch that movie now
At first, it's just another mystery, the casual yada yada, but then half way to the movie...JESUS!
brb MUST EAT
Sumica: WOuld Scooby Doo on Zombie Island be a B movie?
I love Black Friday :D
It gaves CHILLS to my spine as a kid.
*would
You can Sumica, its just shundded
00,10yeah
Sumica: Don't joke about trampling. Remember when someone DIED during the PS3 release?
Hahahaha
Wait, zombie island was a cartoon, right?
yeah :(
Eddmario: Someone died? :S
how do i suguest a movie
Eddmario: whuh? :'(
Eddmario: What1?
A guy died on one black friday, I remember
AJIsAwesome: Eyup. They were shot at a Best Buy.
00,10I remember when people got trampled over noting but deals at walmart
zombie island was awesome :)
Firefly, I remember that show
Eddmario: Wow.
oh mah god firefly
inb4 I call it Vera
AJIsAwesome: theres a newsletter?
00,10and the worse part of it
Needs more Blue Light deals
00,10how do they remember him.
It's kinda funny, because Castle actually made a nod to Firefly in this week's episode
a couple people die every black friday. couple years ago a best buy worker that opened up the door was crushed between the door and wall when people busted it open
00,10they put a marker on the ground where he died
Put a plaque on the floor, yeah
gah
O_o
And Fun Fact: The story of Scooby Doo on Zombie Island was actually a scrapped episode of Swat Kats. Look it up.
VenHur: Was it the live action movie or the cartoon?
therainbowvortex: Go to the homepage, look to the right, and you'll see the option. :)
liquid metal looks so cool...
HoodyNinja: Cartoon.
wait, hold on
VenHur: Okay then, fuck yeah
Random fact: The VA for Shaggy and Scooby is an expert on the show, and was even brought in on an episode of Cajun Pawn Stars
Derpy
they went from sci-fi, to syfy, to just... sci?
I CANT GO TO HOMEPAGE MY INTERNET CANT FIND IT DUNO Y
Fun Fact: Scooby Doo will never get old
^
Somehow
Dis music
Scooby Doo is my childhood
Ryunosuke: Oh, no, no, no. That's a DIFFERENT channel. THIS is the Science Channel.
Is perfect learning music
therainbowvortex: Click the "Home" option on the toolbar. :)
Ryunosuke: ScyFy =/= Sci
psh
yer i do but it says No site configured at this address AJIsAwesome
oh?
Ryunosuke: The one you must be thinking of the Sci-Fi Channel.
ven yes
therainbowvortex: that's strange. Works for me.
You're using Explorer, that's why
...Anyway, where were we?
Ah yes, Scooby-Doo...
AJIsAwesome: i cant get on to rainbowdash thearter either
I thought we were on Bronystate
the new scooby doo show is dissapointing
00,10prehistoric GPS
^
did anypony but me notice the assasins creed insignia on the disc?
oh wow
AC got the logo from this thing
prehistoric?
Buytoast: I thought it was...okay, It's just Scooby Doo...with celebrities.
uhh
Buytoast: yer but unfortantly so are most cartoons this day
...Now who remembers The 13 Ghosts of Scooby-Doo?
sumica... if its pre-HISTORIC, how do they know how to make them?
:p
Fucking math
that was the show where shaggy had a red shirt, right
Correct!
didn't it have like some chick and a little kid too?
goodnight guys :)
NIght, RDash5000. :)
SKRRRRRRRRRRRRRRAAAAPY DOOO!
hey guys, been waaaaaay to long :p
Cya RDash5000
cratorkid!
Hi, cratorkid. :)
Red Shirted Shaggy also appeared in The Boo Brothers, Reluctaint Werewolf, Ghoul School...
Buytoast: hey whos the puppy power dog
latas RDash5000
Sumica: its more reliable then a gps, an astroglade doesn't tell you to turn right in ten seconds straight into a ditch
so
VenHur: That Vincent Van Ghoul. Though Flim Flam sucked
And as Cyber Shaggy in Scooby Doo and the Cyber Chase.
HoodyNinja !!!! AJIsAwesome !!
oh shit
Luna has her Abacus, Twi has her Astrolabe :)
did somebody say Ghoul School?
I DID!
...yes
not a scwatch!!
Oh
That movie
Egh
...I HATE the Animal Planet logo...
hell, my grandmother still has Ghoul School on VHS
I just...hate it...
I still don't know what that... thing was
lool
ugh ads :poh well.
I had most of the Scooby Doo movies on DVD!
Sumica: Why do you hate us?
me too VenHur
00,10huh?
this is boring
oh god, this again?
Any update on the survey?
00,10Like I have any control over the ads
not the movies, the logo heh
Ohai everyone. :)
:I
hey, I like to know how things are made
Some that are missing is The Alien Invaders, Curse of The Vampire, some What's New Scooby Doo and A Pup Named Scooby-Doo volumes...yeah.
hey AdamTheDuck
Ducky!
I'm a fanatic of Scooby Doo back then... ^-^||
Sumica: how much longer is this on 4
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 10 hours, 12 minutes, 54 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
VenHur: Your life revolves around cartoons
1 day \:3/
And back
Raw Hide!!!
00,10what this ep or my streaming?
oh man
A Pup Named Scooby Doo
wow....!
Yup, that show was the shit...
Dat show
^
<3
Welcome back Ponies47
I love that show.
mother fucking Red Herring always starting shit
Ponies47: Sup sucka?
"Remember, Ponies wear the saddle!"
did anyone else not like Scrappy Doo??
....
The Flintstones also had a show when they're kids.
WB Ponies47
HoodyNinja, I'm clean dats what :P
So, saddles are made by hand? Cool
RaveBrony: I found him "Okay" as a id.
It's called The Flintstones Kids...
Scrappy Doo got old fast
to be honest
Wasn't there one Flinstones show where Betty and Bam Bam were teenagers?
yeah
AJIsAwesome: Yep
Yup
Buytoast: But, Skrappy
I didn't really like that one. :S
;!;
;~;
Yeah...I hate The Scooby and Scrappy Show, and everything Scrappy-related afterwards...
Then they had the two specials where they got married and had kids
Mhhm, i didnt like Scrappy at all
Buytoast: but puppy power
^
DADA DA DA DADAAAAA
Hahaha
00,10already talk about 13 ghost of scoobie doo?
Yep
mentioned it
One of my favorites of Scooby Doo movies is Scooby Doo goes Hollywood...
Scooby Doo and the witch <3
Does anyone remember that one movie where Scooby and the gang go into Cyberspace?
Or whatever it was called
Scooby Doo and the Cyber Chase
AJIsAwesome: i love that one
Can't remember the name of the van...
AJIsAwesome: Yeah and met their digital selves
Not only it screams "Scooby Doo is filmed before LITTERALLY a live studio audience", the whole movie is great too, IDK why!
that one's played frequently actually
Buytoast: There we go.
I LOVED Scooby Doo and the Cyber Chase
<3
you know what's not played that often?
the aline one
alien
Scooby Doo on Zombie Island was awseome
you know
has anypony wacthed the scooby doo movie where they all meet for the first time and its live action
HOw about the one with the Rock band and Witch?
HoodyNinja Mystery Machine
Buytoast: I love that one
Scooby Doo and the Witch's Ghist?
First thing scooby related I ever saw
AJIsAwesome: That's the Witch's Ghost, that too was good
with the exception of the leather, this is probbably how Rarity makes saddles too :)
Buytoast: Think that's it.
YES
I loved that one too.
WITCHES GHOST
i've only seen the alien one once
J_E_Smith71: Agreed.
AJIsAwesome: *gaaasp* Scooby Doo and the Witch's Ghost! And The Alien Invaders! I LOVED those!
Would Scooby Doo movies be 'A' or 'B'??
I need the band name
it's like the one people don;t like to play or something
gotta say, the venture brothers scoobie doo spoof is my fav anything scoobie doo
because chaffing the horse is bad :p
RaveBrony: Depends
00,10more of this
I haven't seen the alien movie in a while.
J_E_Smith71: Yeah, true
:D
im not scared, blue is my favorite color
wat
not having gray as your favorite color
wut
They got rid of the dark elements from Zombie Island, but until The Legend of The Vampire, they still kept the "monsters are real" element.
what's wrong with you
you know
I say play a pony clip during ads cx
I'm blue, da bu di, da bu die
In fact, would most of those movies be consiered B, Sumica?
I also had to question this
...Until The Goblin King movie...
00,10your car will elctrocute you to warn you of danger
you know, when you wake up at 2-3 am, 70% of the time someone is staring at chu
where DO they get glue in ponyville? :)
I didnt like the Goblin King
Ryunosuke: Glue alternative?
VenHur: What goblin king movie? >_><_<
never saw all of goblin king
00,10Ryunosuke, trees
>_>
How WAS Goblin King?
Nothing special
Eh
<_<
Ehhh
Not the best
AJIsAwesome: Pretty much decent...
A bit childish, actually
Could have been better
Ryunosuke, you never see deer do you?
so... what are we watching right now, other than commercials?
The anumation they used didn't really interest me, so I didn't see it.
guize, needz procrastinatin halp
gotta watch some Ghoul School or Zombie Island up in here
*animation
Hah, cable :)
and suddenly EVERY woman bought that car
:p
got a project due last monday i need to hand in
ORDER NOW AND GET ALL THIS SHIT
So, I take it this is headlight fluid?
WHY WOULD YOU NOT ORDER!
Buytoast: Ghoul School is a B of course
I do not owned the Scooby Doo movies after they changed the What's New Scooby Doo animation, but I think they were...okay, I think.
well yeah
00,10need more gyrobowl
can't deny that
*cough* Captain Hammer *cough*
What's New Scooby Doo wasn't too bad
but this crystal cove shit
bah
Ah keeled a pumpkin!!
saddle
sumica did 3 days passed or the sale was a mistake ? xD
Crystal Cove ain't bad
^
00,10probably mestake
It has a story line, wich is new
cool got 3 ponies
00,10pissed me off, I almost had AJ
I didn't mind the newest recreation of Scooby Doo.
Sale?
wait what sale?
^
inb4 luna meme
00,10pony iOS game
oh that game :D
O.o
anyone see that circus scooby doo?
ooooo, the next episode looks interesting
i got aj, octavia, applebloom and a few buildings
weeping_pegasi82: Circus?
ios?
wanted to get Vinyl....
speaking of which i need to go get that game
what game is it?
AJIsAwesome: it's a fairly new one but the opening song was surprisingly good
pony_5506 iphone/ipad/mac operating system
I seen Mystery Incorporated...I thought it was...pretty okay...
00,10But I think it's cause all the brony's broke the server
Dem art skillz
But what's really shocked me is the Shaggy and Velma relationship...
...I mean...what...the...fuck...
VenHur: :I
Daphne hits on Fred...
00,10I keep haveing issues seeing friends on the game
Velma X Shaggy
Fred, why are you so stupid?
whats the name of the game?
Oh, and the whole trap obsession was genious
VenHur: Well, seeing how everyone thought Velma and Freddy were a possible couple I'm guessing they followed suit with Velma and Shaggy.
And don't get me started on Shaggy and Scooby Doo: Get A Clue...
how did the chat turn into a scooby doo chat anyway?
HoodyNinja: I actually found that pretty funny. :d
me too sumica
weeping_pegasi82: Nostalgia. :D
...That show...was a MURDER ATTEMPT!
weeping_pegasi82: WHY NOT
00,10and this is why saddles cost so much
Indeed
Laziness
I nearly hanged a rope on myself the first time I sawed Shaggy and Scooby Doo: Get A Clue.
It's THAT bad.
so do pnys on mlp were sadles ????
therainbowvortex: Rarely.
yes they do
oh that reminds me I have a scooby doo disc with REALLY old episodes
yes, Rarity has made some
therainbowvortex: I think it's just for cosmetic appeal.
i want a pony ride
^
^^
>saddle twilight :3 http://t0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcR3uA_EnZ_2ymlLpR4ZfnBQ28Uh90IkSObMsfLaEvLY5LWguEpFVvHrJDHV
O_o
Riding a horse is easier than you think, but harder than you'd imagine
oh god im so bord
THIS
inb4 everyone goes HUARGHwtf Sumica :P
TAVI!!
oh boy
Horseback Riding gives your groin a beating X_x
NewSuperBronyU you there?
SFM
Smallest Cello I ever seen
DerpyMuffins: I've seen smaller
OH YES
YES
gmod ponies always look strange to me
THIS IS MY WANT
inb4 wub wub wub
Kurra: Calm yo tits bro
DerpyMuffins: ponies are just big
That IS a small cello isnt it?
bah
So after Scooby Doo, there are some Hannah-Barbera shows that copied and pasted the format, like Jabberjaw, or...
No magic glow :(
CAPTAIN. CAAAAAAVEMAAAAAAN!
NYARK NYARK NYARK
HoodyNinja: Amp your flank YO |V
Whats New Scooby Doo~
THe new scooby doo is awful
Where do you find these vids Sumica?
And, cue shipping
wub
I thought it wasn't THAT bad...
wub
00,10intertubes
I saw Luna in the crowd
VenHur: Agreed.
Nice
zeretrel: I know, right? Vinyl's hair looks like it's just sitting on there, and Twilight's hair looks off
yavi's tweified
/me noms on vinyl record
i think i saw luna in the audience
I saw Tomb
O___o
hdpebdn sF"LZXDvk
s]pfdkbvjs
[dojo
/me nom nom nom nom nom nom
O_____O
<--- WRONG
and then the cello breaks
whoa....
dat kiss
No
BRB.
<---- SO WRONG
sory for spam
13NOW KISS
jasdfaisjdg O_O
Well, I'm gonna go take some Nighquil and go to sleep. See you later BronyState.
>.>
SHIPPING
<.<
00,10hai Shizuka
/me .... o/////o
o///o
Yeah, no
haha
ummm
i sorta.... sorta... like.... o////o; maybe
Bye, Eddmario. :)
yay
o.O
wait no
its not the movie
YES!
oooo yay!!
Fun fact: The maker of that song actually has a Youtube account named Vinyl Scratch
:$'
Is this that short they did?
they did a short?
I love the music! :3
they did a short?
Or the show
Now i forgot what i was going to look up....
HoodyNinja: Think it's the actual Tv short.
So this is probably a silly question, but is this site still streaming the season 3 premiere on Saturday?
AJIsAwesome: Yeah, thats what I mean
probably the tv show they have for it now
sweet
HoodyNinja: I thought you were talking about the mini shorts on the DVDs.
AJIsAwesome: Wuuuuuuuuut
Oh, this show is good
00,10yes we will stream s3
How IS the TV show?
pony_1508: Yes, yes it is
ponies on bronystate?! :D
AJIsAwesome: It could be better :I
Yeah let's look at a Dragon spin off before we see the film tomorrow
Kinda cliche
Okay, cool. I must've misread the thing on the front page then.
pony_1508, no, there be no ponies on BronyState.
>_>
pony_1508: You new here? :)
XD
WTF
first person...
eww
Oh man this is great CX
What is this?
MY PEOPLE *rawrs!*
DORA TURN AROUND
ITS RIGHT THERE
this is... different
nowhere near as good as this movie
...I don't see Dora...
so i see thae walking dead is on ios now....
VenHur: First person joke
00,10ouch-ie
AWOUCHIE
13i hear jim cummings
So I did Shizuka
So did I
how did this guy live through that?
Now who doesn't love The Flintstones? The cartoon itself, the Fruity Pebbles, Cocoa Pebbles, etc...
VenHur: Me
I don't like the flinstones
Stoker...so the dragons can also turn into vampires
It was one of Hannah-Barbera cartoons for the older audiences...I just LOVED it.
this is pretty boring... and I need to go to sleep anyway, goodnight everyone
Bye, zeretrel. :)
See ya zeretrel.
bye zere-
All those teeth.....
teeth, the movie
Bye zere- gone
dat kiss
Those dragons must be the Pac-Mans of thier universe.
cratorkid: You know there's an actual movie named that, right?
00,10brushie brushie
^
AJIsAwesome: thats what i was referencing, vag teeth
Ah.
Oh dear..
sheep named wooly
Willy you fool!
Any update on the lottery? It's stil down
KandarihuFastBreak37: It's after 7 EST it's closed
chocolate?
CHOOOOCOOOLAAATE
the powers of chocolate
O.O;
Where did this come from?
CHOCOLATE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
CHOCOLAAAAAAA-
....Damn it Vordox...
J_E_Smith71, after 7? I thought it closed at 10 EST
FOILED AGAIN!
VenHur: Sorry. I exist :P
Well its 12 AM EST
wat DVD does this cartoon come on?
J_E_Smith71: WRONG, its been down for awhile dari said it was extended
hola
Hmmmm didn't hear that
I tried to get in to it at 9, and it was completely down. And I was told it would be extended.
Wait, is this How to Train You Dragon?
a dragon is NOT a dog you can just... train
dat poking
Good evening.
What are we watching?
So what is this?
So training a dragon is like training a Pokemon...
Hi, Punkie_Pue. :)
not so much as training as instructing
HI
DerpyMuffins: Think so. :)
That's fine with me.
let me ask this
That too, Ryunosuke.
Ryunosuke: Domesticating
does twilight treat spike like a dog? :)
Twilight needs to make a How to Train Your Dragon vid
HEY Punkie_Pue are u new :o
Gems
therainbowvortex: Realitivly.
He lived with her his entire life
You feed a dragon and he wont feed on you
soobie doo now plz Sumica
Logic is served.
Hatched VenHur
scoobie doo Sumica
The show hasn't said anything about said issue.
<--- Those fantaties
Punkie_Pue: thats awsome
Dragon Born
fantasies*
eww
therainbowvortex: I come here every so often. The first time i tuned in i think was titanic rift trax
changling!
changwing
omg
A changling?
I would want a Changewing.
CHANGELING
Owned
X3
XD
And chat freaks out at the word changeling
Changeling Dragon...
DO WANT
lawl
Yaaaaay draggins!
HYPNODRAGON? :O
YAAAY BONEKNAPPER
...or a Charmeleon Dragon for that matter...
XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
A Koopa dragon
Punkie_Pue: i use to come on all the time but i havent been on much lattly
http://i.imgur.com/zrVbV.jpg the revenge will hurt
Niiiight furyyyyy I love you with all my heart and paws <3 :'3
DaringDerpy: :3
Night dragons...cutuest ones of the bunch.
Classify the bigass boss dragon
DO IT
this music :3
*cutest.
Punkie_Pue: also Welcome welcome welcomeA fine welcome to youWelcome welcome welcomeI say how do you do?Welcome welcome welcomeI say hip hip hurrayWelcome welcome welcomeTo Ponyville today
Dat Aha!
ok, gotta dash.....have to sleep
Bye, Dark92Enigma. :)
therainbowvortex: :D Thanks. :D
bye Dark92Enigma
TOO SOON FOR MOVIE? <-----
:)
YEAH LEARNING
WAIT FOR US
That is the early showing of the A movie?
Dark92Enigma: Nope, short based off the movie. :)
Dat Dreamworks
AJIsAwesome: oh.....ok, now i'll go to sleep
I don't feel like a learned anything...
bonenapper time?
NIght, Dark92Enigma! :)
I*
eeyup
latas d-
what is this ????
fack
I still cry when Hiccup touches Toothie for the first time, and at the end of the movie. :'3
oh this
BURN BURN TO THE GROUND
here's the thing with dragons as portrayed here, vs dragon traditionally portrayed
...Oh, how I hate X7...
including MLP
BURN TO THE GROUND BURN TO THE GROUND BURN BURN
what is this ????
Dragons are traditionally VERY VERY intelligent
...Or was that X8? I never owned those twos...
Ryunosuke: Yep
VenHur: X7.
you cant...
domesticate a dragon :p
Also known as Megaman X in 3D!!!!!
Aweshum :3
the best you could do, is befriend him :)
Dem underpants :D
They wear underpants?
vikings wear underwear?
YUP
Seems legit.
Cold winters n all that
seriosly what is this it isnt the movie??????
probably the tv show
I always thought they went scottish way
is it a tralier
it's the extra bit :)
:D
No dragons
trivia: vikings where one of the cleanest people of their time, bathing once a week and washing their hands daily
were*
gtg, bye :)
Once a week?
Not bad
For their time
STFU FAT KID
In chronological order: The movie > This > Book of Dragons > TV Series
that sheep
Phil. XD
This animation = all my love
Dont eat the yellow snow
Dat flashback
I always wanted to see 2D Animated films like this...
haha
DerpyMuffins: the arabs were the cleanest however, they were the ones who taught the viking to wash
The key to the chest
... *sigh* Such a shame it got left in the dust by the CGI industry...
AVALANCHE VIKINGS
vikinglanche!
Hey, Rayman! :D
Yeah
:D
Twice
Oh great...
Howd he lose his hand?
in a bet
so he's jesus now?
<---- Dat Fantasy XD
00,10love his storys
^
wehat
WHAT. |D
HAMMERHEAD WHALE
*^^
But he got away
hammerhead... whale?
I want one
i just use a fork to beat my eggs
00,10lol wut
Oh my gosh, How To Train Your Dragon AND The Jetsons Movie!
ha
hammerhead yak
WHAAAAAAT |DDDDD
[squeeeeee]
:D
Dat yak
:D
ya'll aint seen nothin yet
00,10nice hand
HAMMERHEAD Jak
But he got away
AGAIN
11,029 days \:3/
I LOVED the Jetsons!
OHai, SB. :D
The Gypsy Vikings
1 day
...Reminds me why The Jetsons movie is the B Movie again?
help!
dovakiin
Heeelp!
00,10wait for it
11,02hai AJIsAwesome ;3
wiff
here it comes
LAWL FAIL
wat?
XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDAHAHHA
ha
kjsd
:D
i'm dying here
jnlzxcbnu
HAMMERHEAD RIDING THE HAMMERJAK WHALE
lawl
wut :D
I can't breathe
CHOMP!
Zues throughs lightning bolts, not Thor
wuuuut?
11,02VenHur: It was picked for this week o.o
Megashark versus Ox...thing.
the god was dovahkin
Got away again!
WUT :S
Again?
He got away.....AGAIN?
For years
pik the fat kid
^
^^
Always the fat kid
Jeez this Boneknapper's sounding more like Dick Cheney all the time... |D
Phil :D
why do the fat kids get to fly :(
I'm still all laughing at Thor going "Wait for it..."
Kurra: :D
PHILL!
/me flips his #$@% XD
phil!
ya know, I really like the Bonenappers design
Phill your useless
I wonder.....what does it look like without the bones?
:D
context
O.O
Huh?
derp
NOOOOOOOOoooalright
This makes no sense
NOOOOOOOOOOO-Oh, alright.
But its awesome
Dawwwwww
kinda creeepy
HoodyNinja: Sign of thanks?
Phil gives no fucks
Phil gives no fuck
/me throws steak at AJIsAwesome
phil is not impressed
XD
/me eats the steak :D
oh mai
DerpyMuffins: ninja'd
I know
:D
> implied dragon sex
FAREWELL Hammerhad Jak riding HammerHead whale
:D
Vordox: Still funny
Vordox: we hardly knew yee
My sides still hurt
this ios pony game.... it will keep me occupied :D
sup
hey NYC_Brony|Excited
Hi, NYC_Brony|Excited. :)
Cya everypony, gtg
wtf?
/me still waiting for the game to come out on Facebook... :(
Bye< DerpyMuffins. :)
xD
:D
/me hugs everyone in chat
cratorkid: My Little Pony - Friendship is Magic
Fan service
Dat animation.
inb4 Pinkie Shenanigans
snouts are a bit square
J_E_Smith71: youre doin it wrong :P
fail
Twilight has a china warehouse under the library....
derpy :L
derpy muffins or mail?
who gave derpy the portal gun?
cratorkid: Yep the IOS simply just has the show's name and that's it
Poor Twi...
:( not this!
weeping_pegasi82: The same people who gave every pony their portal guns
Ohey this
J_E_Smith71: downlaodin now, thnx :)
derpy vs discord
AJ
who wins?
Discord
sims music <3
^
Applejack brokes the fourth wall...wat?
eyuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuup
wanna know why i am exceited?
TO THE MOOOOOOOOOOON!
/)_<....
:O
So the new game is on the stream now?
whatre we watching?
Dat MK7 music
Dat Rainbow Road from MK7.
and hia guys :D
Hi Kelpow.
like the music
AJIsAwesome: ITS NOT MORTAL KOMBAT
Kelpow: The Thinking With Portals series
poor twi
Poor Twilght...
poor twi
VenHur: One of my favorite RR themes from the series.
MY CAMERA
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 9 hours, 21 minutes, 3 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
HoodyNinja: Mario Kart 7. :S
AJIsAwesome: I know :3
watch this(sorry to disobey the rules):http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6hHuGC69_0s
Dat Scootaloo...
Dat portal :D
Phase4 what time will s3 air here?
nooooo
dis
JRP2234: 10AM EST, 7AM PST.
<3 dis one
JRP2234, don't be lazy and do some maths :P
Okay. I'm worried I'm missing something fresh and new during my pony fast breaking marathon.
JRP2234: 10 AM EST
...
IM IN AUSTRALIA
KandarihuFastBreak38: We're watching the Ponies with portals animations. :)
Hax, she used magic
00,02JRP2234, 1 or 2 in the morning
:O wow
00,02sunday
hax
00,02!cd
02:00.
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 9 hours, 19 minutes, 23 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
!cd
...
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 9 hours, 19 minutes, 22 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
KandarihuFastBreak38: Speaking of marathons we have one here tomorrow night you know after BMN
waiting for moon and luna
KandarihuFastBreak38: Oh wait
KandarihuFastBreak38: You're doing that watch all eps challenge thing
twilight :(
what time is the bronystate season 3 broadcasting w/trollestia?
wow. these are great
this is good animation
was expecting a luna to the moon part
10AM EST, 7AM PST.
J_E_Smith71, eeyup. I'm doing them all
hey we both have Astraphobia
what time zone are you
est
cool
lol
I'm CST.
:D
So it's 9 AM for me.
me it's 10am and i wake up @ 12am
AJIsAwesome: you central time?
Big_Macintosh_1992: Yep.
Green portal?
d'awww
D'aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaw
D'aaaww...
D'aaaaaw
So that means I have to watch it at 9 AM.
AJIsAwesome: cool!
so whats this now
i hate revenge.....exept when it's useful
pffttttt
lol
Revenge solves everything
NewSuperBronyU quick
From the looks of Twilight in the ending...I think she had enough injury for one day...
AJIsAwesome vs thelonepony who wins
?
...Can't wait for Thinking with Portals 7.
For the people who cannot watch the premier as it happens, I hear it'll be rerun after Euro Movie Night.
NYC_Brony|Excited vs Vs contests who wins?
I hate studio laughs...
By luna's beard those laugh tracks.
:L
But for now, gtg everypony. And had a nice THURSDAY NIIIIGHT!
:D
omg
Bye, VenHur. :)
dis song
good morning everypony :)
best song for rarity!
bye VenHur
VenHur: Lata sucka
Bye VenHur
Hi NocturnalBlade
NocturnalBlade!
seeya VenHur
bai VenHur
Dem ponies O.O
hewy NocturnalBlade
what up HoodyNinja
bye VenHur
Everfree park
lol
NocturnalBlade: Everything is on fire
omg lol
lol
^
season 3 finale(______) fill in the blank
omg
:I
This song
:I
Damn
This song
:D
Where have I heard it before?
:D
pfft :D
:O
f u
Yay
yay
/me Jumps
AdamTheDuck: Your moms van?
troll
Ponies47: HIGHER
/me jumps w/ Ponies47
we are all insane :D
Dat cake
NewSuperBronyU Where you hiding
hypno-shy
O_O
:D
cratorkid: all glory to the hypno-shy
^
can can
^^
/me hugs AJJIsAwesome @NewSuperBronyU and Your mom (jk)
luvzxd hahah
i can do the can can
:D
This
^
Nastalgia
/me hugs NYC_Brony|Excited back :)
its over 9000!
*facehoof*
Sumica: Vid name please?
what 900!
what the hell hapaned to the quality
:D
00,10Super pony time
that tubthumpin
omg this song
Thank you
changed name
wtf is this song
dont worry be happy
/me hugs NYC_Brony back :3
Hah
Fez
You so silleh
or do you mean Tubthumping?
/me slaps flutterchu
jk
NYC_Brony: ouch :'(
1 meelion dollars!
who should i slap?
dat austin powers
that yochi
/me Dances
*pinkie*
yoshi
Is my stream behing?
nice song
/me dances
behind?
i spy a colgate!
too sexy
HoodyNinja: id refresh just in case
:D
Hah
spins
why is there a NYC_Brony and a NYC_Brony|Excited ?
cratorkid: I ain't missin this
not one second
hahaha right round
changed name but idk
lag
probably
daaaa
:D
DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
perfect song for Pinkie
pony-ception
^
Charlie~
Charlie, come on!
wtf is this song?
Sumica: you know what you must do
that poker face
00,10hmmm?
ummmm
I love this song
:D
ha
its a wonderful day for pie
This one X3
Yes xD
For pie!
PIE
peter griffin?
For pie!
FOR PIEEEEEEEE
Soarin' aprove this song
I can't breath
for pie
FUH PAAAEEE
pie
lol
what was that?
Fah piiiie
that i dream of jeannie
00,104 x 3.14
PI IS EXACTLY #
= 12.56
3
@Sumica your mom
Sumica: SHIPPING
3.14159 is alli got by memory
wait, are the @ people administrators?
3.14159265358.
Sumica: Twiiilight Twiiiiiiilight, wake up you sleepy head
3.14 apple pie
00,10channle mods
YAY Renard! :D
aaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
OW
WTF
YAAAAAAAY
dar volume'
wub
*dat
i have my volume REALLY low
/me winces
Rip headphone users
not sure if i like or dont
HoodyNinja: but im fine
rip earbud users
:D
ha
flutterchu: I'm not ;~;
is the mlp theme song changed, what happenes?
ah malcom in the middle
Why are these so awesome?
lol dem bees
i <3 that show
brb
song isnt so bad
Sumistream is best stream
DJ Alligator is ridiculous XD
or mostitos in this case lol
Kill them dang mojitos *drink*
XD
...
uhh
WUT
:D
secret agent man
/me sighs
secret asian man
secret agent pinkie lol
that simpsons
Gummy hat is best hat
cratorkid: not asian
buzz
sears catalogue
:D
LD
:D
NYC_Brony: i know , just what i always heard
:D
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6hHuGC69_0s
lol
flail
"El oh el"
NYC_Brony: no youtube links
NYC_Brony: No video links during stream. :)
00,10No video links during stream please
sorry
wtf is everyone elsr
NYC_Brony: You can't post vid links...but i guess you saying fail means you realized it
6_9
/me has been trolled
omg people are honking outside super loud
Hello brony state im here to lurk more
please dont post vid links during stream its rude
sup Arcane\
Arcane
hi Arcane
Hi. Arcane. :)
/me outsmarts trolls
:D
damn nature
11,02i liek poniez :3c
Dat nature
Ew
ha
Ponies
11,02Also, Hai Arcane :D
NewSuperBronyU, hah gaaaaay
:( not him
ew a NewSuperBronyU :3
Return of jafar
her
man
11,02:<
Trixie <3
You should know better, SB.
11,02;~;
what a gem that was
inb4 movie for BMN :D
pc master race
...
What movie was that from?
11,02imma good poneh though ;3;
Hi everypony :)
11,02Hai OtakuTom :D
HoodyNinja: The Return of Jafar
hi OtakuTom
Hi, OtakuTom. :)
ello OtakuTom
O
ah
O RLY
A good pony that needs to learn that ponies are bad
Stayin alive
/me stays alive
Stayin alive
Do you want to be bad, SB?
/me die-s
As the comments appear... I figure I'm either way ahead in the stream, or there's lots of people behind
Y'all gonna be a rebel?
hahhah
oh gosh that is horrible
11,02DashWithRainbows: No :<
:D
WUT :D
speak latino good song
WEIRD AL
I col liek dat
so Sumica name of this video?
He cool like dat
rofl
/me head bangs
Oh, the rugrats movie
lol
tnx
Hi everypony
:D\
:D
cratorkid: Damn you, beat me to it
xD
Hi, Drummer_Pony. :)
This song!
00,10still super ponytime
The 18th can't come soon enough, I want my WiiU XD
Awwww
yo Drummer_Pony
We dooooo
my head is on my shoulders
/me hates this song
WE DOOOOOOO
HoodyNinja: :) feel free to do it with me :P
/me falls asleep
Good song
This song, memories <3
^
/me bashes his head into cratorkid
yup
Oh come on there was only one lyric left
/me When she smiles
that kung fu fighting
YESZ
D:::
:(
Gah...why do I have to be at the bank at 9:00am Saturday to go over mortgage stuff? That's right when S3 starts here D:
those rainbows
;_;
;~;
I love whoever made this
aaaaw, da sads
i just wasted 10 second of your life w/ponies
win
:D
YES
ooh. another win
Is this pony anthology 3? :)
Punkie_Pue: Super Pony Time. :)
Punkie_Pue: Um, no
unduh da see
undah deh c
i have a question
or any @
00,10hmm
summerpan!
hey @'s, i have a question
Rainbow Dash for president
burn baby burn
:D
/me burns
00,10thats a statment, not a question
John Williams makes ponies 20% cooler (sorry for that cliche reference lol)
Boomhauer!
LOL
that boomhuer
NYC_Brony: I'm not an @ but... whats the question?
:D
omg
Dat Boomhauer
:D
lol
yeah man
:D
yes!!!
/me rofls
<_<
isn't their gonna be a mlp marathon tommorow?
hehehehe
NYC_Brony: Yep
NYC_Brony: Yep. :)
00,10yep
Wow...
00,10after movies
It's Friday for me
Nice!
:D
i'm there
DUCK tape man
AttackWithHugs: Same here. :D
ty
Nope, it's going to be Veggietales.
:<
duck song
that chocolate rain
DashWithRainbows: I would love that
of corse
I would not
when does the marathon start EST? anypony know?
Because I hate vegetables.
Joomay
Go away
Drummer_Pony: After the movies
that...
00,10around midnight est
intro
Jaaymooo~
:D
MIdnight? Aw man, I wanted to sleep! :D
thanks! :)
Flufffeh~
/me has to clap at that :D
00,10I want to rip that intro off
bicycle
ohai Jmo. :)
00,10and use it for movie night
Sumi Midnight? I though he movies would be done by 11
I love this
yay!
This is really entertaining!
Slap!
00,10could be J_E_Smith71
Rariy you're ugly, go away
that houes
:D
ha
:D
haha
...
This makes too much sense
needs a imogen heap sketch
Yay Kaos!
win
that david seville
Running time of both movies + 44 minutes (both pony episodes) + 10 minutes (intermission)
:D
da witch doctor
:D
um
The only song
g2g
That describes my life
c ya
Let's see, it's starts at 7, HTTYD is 98 mins, we have a 22 minute pony ep, we have 10 min intermission with no lotto, Jetsons is 92 mins, another 22 minute pony ep
thats not a saxophone!!! lies!!
latas NYC_Brony
bye NYC_Brony
/me hugs everyon
e
this should just be a thing of its own.. witch doctor i mean
bye NYC_Brony
all the kills
haha
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Another Map Included with Pony Comic on Jetpack
13http://sphotos-d.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/14207_350470155049632_1612946695_n.jpg thug lyfe
hee hee
dat halo
XD
Michael jefferson
lol
hee hee hee
that hammertime
Shizuka: That is amazing
Shizuka He's totally getting laid tonight.
Shizuka: so thug lol
Shizuka: Ain't no life like the thug life. :D
Dear heavens Shizuka
that squirrel
dat fomey
hahah
foamy thats it
Time machine
Psycho Girlfriend...sounds like my fiancee...but that's why I loves her XD
Adding the IT'S FRIDAY NIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIGHT video, that's one minute right? It's 245 minutes long in that case. The marathon would start shortly after 11pm EST
I almost had a psycho girl...
<3<3
Enrique
Memories ;;
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Gameloft Game Heading to Australia on Android
just walk away
molleestia
R Kelly ladies and gentlecolts!
Ryunosuke: thanks for spelling foamy lol
00,10funny thing is that is one video I dont have
:p
00,10the friendship is bannanas
Great song
I love you Spike
dats nasty
Oh hey
Chicken little
I just remembered that Chicken Little was a thing
o_O
Are these your freinds?
that evil
Yea TMBG
You don't say
Evil...damn right he is :D
I love you Discord
...
this song is SCARY
...
........
lamee
trapt
What the fuck
Trapt
sweet
Dead
X3
that transformer sound
Drummer_Pony: internet hi five me
ADRIAAAAN
that rocky
Dude, the just attach a helium balloon to the bag o weed. A 14oz becomes less than ounce.
:D:D:D:)
lulz
XD
that cartman
aaand muting
<3!
is this Bronystate?
how about this? /)
awwww
:D
Tovler, it is ;)
ElDorado
Tovler: No, this is turkey land
No, this is patrick.
00,10Most the time yes Tovler
falcon kick!
Tovler waste of weed?
so long and thanks for all the fish
speaking of week
weed
Speaking of weed
Oliver!
oh wow someone beat me to it
x
xD*
:p
00,10and unlike anthology this was all done by one guy
Dat food
I want food now
yay 8 bit
That was awesome
what is this Phoenix Wrong or somthing?
Doesn't make it better, but that was pretty damn amazing
Fantastic!
8 bit ghosties
just laugh and make them disappear!!!
Yay it's on, it's on!! lol
Fifel
awww
or however its spelled
ahh right
Fifel goes west?
omg i remember this :O
Ryunosuke: that's the one
MST3K!
haha
lolol
that was perfect
what was that
daaaaaw
Meep
that bronystate
00,10yes you are pinkie
mew
FUCK you
/me sighs
hey TheGreatAndPowerfulT
Sumica: I just found out something...
night all
NEVER
:)
nite therainbowvortex
Sumica: You know the minecraft world..
oh mai
Night therainbowvortex. :)
00,10what did you find out?
Sumica: It's almost twice as big as Earth...
those names
HAHAH!!! Space Mutiny!
00,10depending on the map
blast hardcheese
Sumica: No
Big McLargeHuge
:D
Buff Hardback
wut
Sumica: Minecraft world has limits
biggy mclargehuge
Roll Fizzlebeef
We must put our faith in cheese Pinkie has commanded it!
Rofl
ROfl
Sumica: But every single world is that maximum sight...Holy crap Notch
Full Metal Jacket
ROFL!
For the WIN
:D
ROFL!
more full metal jacket
00,10yep
Big McLargeHuge
if u put world border on it has limits
......
Has Full Metal Jacket been watched in here?
00,10the one you need a 64bit system to see
all that attention
:) haha
haha
00,10and the world is so large you cant see the curve
That's such an awesome responce.
Lmao
:D
LOL
that facehoof
NO
un
that freakazoid
13uh vordox
:D
13minecraft worlds can span 8x the surface of the earth
oh god
you troll
13one block == one meter
Shizuka: Oh, yeah 8x surfce, but I mean the very SIZE of earth. :P
Whats this from?
Shizuka: not just the surface.
bright eyes
d'aww
Daww
D'aaaaaaaaaw
Awww
Dat ICarly
13guess so
What? No
wow icarly?
WHat's up with that? :D
13but 8x the surface of the earth times 256 blocks
well i'm off for the night, Goodnight everyone, thanks for the stream Sumica
latas TheGreatAndPowerfulT
Shizuka: Still...
00,10night TheGreatAndPowerfulT
13is big
Shizuka: It's bigger then earth, Go Notch
13BUT
13minecraft worlds of that size cannot be stored
13not on any hard drive we have
Shizuka: Yeah. :D
eww
Shizuka: I just find this information hilarious
more bright eyes
wow
Lights
How high do you get at night?
Yes
fava beans
........
f-f-f-f-f-f-f
that brady bunch
SHUT UPPPP
well so much for sleep XD
lol
SHUT UUUUUUUUPPPPPP
O.o
/me smiles
Anypony down for a pokemon battle? im bored
that spaceman
LUUUUNNNAAA
WOONA
Rocketman!
:D
rocketman
<3 YAY
Is the downtime of the Lottery still being worked on? Because after each episode I go through, I check on the lottery again and it's still down.
those carpenters
Hah
ha
NewSuperBronyU needs hugs
get it?
the carpenters
:D
/me hugs NewSuperBronyU :3
11,02:D
whats this song called?
/me hugs AdamTheDuck back :3
Ryunosuke: No
OZ
Spriggles!
that rock
no]
cena
ohai hood i :3
but hoodi
john cena
:)
u didnt answer my question
lol
Oh
haha
I dunno
That donut
I wants a donut lol
LMAO
Scrubs ):
that was real lol
Sumica: whats this video called?
Oh My God
00,10PMV madness
thanks
Dat george!
I'm missing a stream
00,10it's duckman
so true....
Damn
that animaniacs
animaniacs
nonononononono
1787?
O:
:D
1778
hell NO lol
that dslyxci typing
colgate1
Dat Carrie
that carrie
dafuq?
sotne!
...
monty python
Stupid freshmen... oh wait, that's me lol
MY BRAIN
A Duck!
a duck!
CIDER
hahaha
excelent
dumb rock
Excellent

Omg <3
Too great!
that batman
shuffle!
that music
Joker is best villian
yup^
lol
stream froze?
nvm
Nope
Epic!
q
colgate is best pony
q
Short for q
Fuq you!
i will punch you in the soul
lol Spoony
WUT :D
Like a big bong
Did twilight punch his soul?
Have At You!
00,10amazing how the same VA can have crap lines and great lines in the same dialog
THis video makes me wanna smoke o_o
ugly bong
Yep
ha
AHAH
Lmao!
:D
hahaha
More animaniacs!
animaniacs again
Fred!
...
fred
ha
:D
lol
:>
OH GOD NO
Naaaauuuughtyy
NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO
Courage
/me crosses his fingers
very naughty...
Chicken BOO
Twilight the Grey
Yep im doing it. Most def doing it, Afk
ET
remember: youre never too young for free candy
dundun!
Lolwut
Righto!
6_9
derpy derp
the punmkin king!
Moar Luna
Dat CD-I
LOL!!!
lol
Hand Banana
lol
Tonight......YOU.
I think we did that joke already
:D
one day more
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 8 hours, 27 minutes, 41 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
Wut?
WAT
Woody! <3
Almost ONE DAY MORE.
WAT
Can't wait!!!
OVER THE LINE
yay
:D
lol so true
OVER THE LINE
Dat loop de hoop
good morning everypony :)
I can believe i can fly
wow
that johnny bravo
Hi, kirzstryfe. :)
Hahahaha
Because fuck Physics
I believe I can touch the sky...
morning kirzstryfe
Dat Johnny Bravo
damn johnny bravo!
Bravo rhyming
that hoola hoop
kirzstryfe: Will you be here for the S3 premiere? :)
\more bravo
00,10hi kirzstryfe
Dem ryhmes
Johnny again
13hi kirz
hey kirzstryfe
that riverdance?
o.o
Oh a kirz
I think so, not sure tho
/me pokes kirzstryfe
AAAAAAAH
FULL METAL JACKET
Hey there, kirz! :$
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
hey kirzstryfe
hahahahahahah
excelent!
holy...it's 12:30...I've completely lost track of time downloading MLP mods for my computer and TF2...
Excellent!
*guitar riff*
what is love!
/me nods
I might be awake for s3, 10am right?
that dragon
Yep. :)
OtakuTom: its 1 30 here , need to wake up at 6
00,1010 am EST
00,107am PST
I will be here I have a question. I'm new here and such, well not to mlp, but to streaming since I don't have the HUB, does the 3rd season premiere show on all channels?
Well I feel well rested...shame it's in the middle of the night - going to need coffee in the morning
BANG YOUR HEAD
I don't get home until around 1:30am EST, so 10 is pretty early for me
Yea, I need to wake up in about 5 hours
5 am for me e_e
/me bashes Ryunosuke with his head
Btw How To Train Your Dragon is amazing
00,10yes Drummer_Pony
Drummer_Pony: Yep. :)
I should probably get to bed...
ha
00,10mind you all channles are the same
OBJECTION
Yay!!!
Bye, OtakuTom. :)
00,10just diffrent chats
OBJECTION!!!!!!!!
darkwing duck
I'll try to be here for movie night for once :P
HOLD IT!!!!!!!!!
Hey, I spot a kirzstryfe!
TAKE THAT!!!!!!!!!
GOTCHA!!!!!!!!!
what am I doing playing social network site games... I SHOULD BE WATCHING PONIES
need one bro
that sumerpan
ERUEKA!!!!!!!
Well... i need to sleep now. Saturday is soooo close! Have a good night everyone.
i was wrong on dwd
/me glomps AttackWithHugs "hi"
batman
Night, Big_Macintosh_1992. :)
YEAH
nite Big_Macintosh_1992
dun dun duhduh
that yakkety sax
Benny Hil!!
thanks everypony
hi bronystate
Hi, AlienWarhead. :)
where have i seen this?
:D
hey AJIsAwesome
Spy vs Scout in a nutshell
Hello AlienWarhead
Kelpow: everywhere
HOLY HELL!
:O
hey Cypresswolf
UMMM say
that sniggering
kick it
that maniac
:D
Lol Kevin
You mad?
suck it
HoodyNinja: wait , whatd i do?
:$
cratorkid: Nothing
you LIAR!
I'm gonna go to bed, goodnight everybody
not lupis
nite Drummer_Pony
latas Drummer_Pony
scrodum...
Kelpow: never lupis
IT'S ALWAYS LUPUS!
night Drummer_Pony
colgate is best pony
NIght, Drummer_Pony :)
RUN EETS GODZILLA
Old movie soundtracks are always overly dramatic
colgate!
Smooth Spike
yessssss
wtf
that witney houston
was that
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
Dat Shuffling
:D
happy music!
pffffft
This fits too well...
Shuffle Sleepy Head :D
I WAS FROZEN TODAY
^
needs more derpy
Time for bed. Night everypony thanks for silly stream Sumi
00,10night Ponies47
nite Ponies47
that hetallia
night Ponies47
latas Ponies47
Cya Ponies47! Take care
omg Hetallia <3
NIght, Ponies47 :)
stuuuuck
another colgate!
night Ponies47
night Ponies47 :3
GET ON WITH IT!
Yes get on with it
Has Hetallia been streamed here?
My stream is so behind...
I've never seen the show.
AJIsAwesome: it needs to be lol
rabble rabble rabble
Sorry I was so quiet. I just finshed another drawing. Posted it on DA so sleepies now :P
rabble
chuck norris
true story
WHAAATTTT
Say Whaaat?
say waa?
say wuuut
Dem Whos
It technically is
those whos
Fosters :'(
lol fosters
fosters
FOSTERS
hey everypony
NOT THE BEES
Dat Fosters
Fosters <3
FOSTERS
hi LunaEclisped
omg i miss that show
bees..... my god
HI, LunaEclisped. :)
beuller?
hi LunaEclisped
Hello ^^
Ohai LunaEclisped
Bugs
hey LunaEclisped
that full metal jacker... AGEIN
halloween?
Halloween
yes
Mhhm
ding ding ding
That 5/4 time lol
dang
dong dong dong
that peter pan
hell, my cousin still doesn't like watching Halloween
goodnight everypony
nom nom nom
night weeping_pegasi82
/me noms on AJIsAwesome
that oz
ever ever ever ever
/me prys kirzstryfe off :D
Goodnight weeping_pegasi82
nite weeping_pegasi82
Night, weeping_pegasi82. :)
Vicky :D
fairly odd parents
oh this
BED!!!
its 1:44 am on the east coast
dat Titus
:D
Yup 1:44
12:42 here. :)
Bonanza!
Mitch Hedberg ^_^
12:44
fan service~
lol
that lucy show
JUMP EPONA JUMP
time for some applejack fanservice
D'aaaaaaaaw
more birght eyes
ZUUL MOTHERFUCKER!
ZUUL!!!
Not Grumpy
that nostalgia critic
Who is this?
lol
:D
HoodyNinja: who is what?
for the rabbits!
There is
Poe <3
NocturnalBlade: The comedian
and call them George
that pinkie hopping
ah, the heart
I remember this story....
me too
This story wasn't that scary to me when I was 7
But now it scares me
scoot a loooooo
that back to the future
:O
OH NO
grannybusting a cap
:D
awwwwww
Hah
those pirates
that reading rainbow
REEADDDDINNGGG RRRAAAINNNNNBOOWWW
inb4 HoodyNinja
lol
o law, nigahiga
:>
indiana jones
john williams wins
Dem ceiling crocodiles
Lol I actually played this song today with my band
NEH HEH EH HEH NEH HEH EH HEH
go ninja go
go
ninja ninja rap
ninja rap :)
I wanna stay ;~;
bananananana
that banana
:D
patrick
FINLAND!
COnsidering that the S3 premiere is tomorrow, I wonder how many people we'll get for BMN.
FINLAND
*Considering
Draemweaver!
AJIsAwesome: I'll try my dammest
xD
AlienWarhead: Same here. :D
go team venture!
Dat team venture
As will !
Now the question is, do I want to see the entire marathon or do I want to sleep in early. :D
00,10depends on if the news sites anounce us early enough
eeyore
Hah
Happy happy joy joy
haha
happy happy joy joy
the memories
Eeyore <3
Suddenly happy
All soggy! Like my morning cereal!
I don't think you're happy enough...
NO!!
NO
NOOOOOOOOO
NO GOD NO
that boulder
I think this guy likes owl city
:D
AHAHAHAHAHA
all those wrestlers
oh god The Warrior :D
I forgot, what was theboulder thing from. :D
*Boulder
more animaniacs
avatar, eyjey
Oh. :D
boulder was from avatar
AJIsAwesome: Avatar the last airbender
AJIsAwesome: Last airbender
bob the boulder
Thanks twoiloight_spurnkle Ryunosuke AlienWarhead and HoodyNinja :D
That dot
*:)
fluttershy is intense
NO
Nope.avi
:D
Ponies is the point
I can't breath
e*
NewSuperBronyU: Moo!
:D
lol
00,10where did twi stick that scroll
AdamTheDuck: What's your origin?
ZULL
Sumica: Her tail
Sumica: Wormhole?
That Quantum Leap..... oh boy
Papa Roach
Sumica butthole of holding
Sumica: Either that or in her tail?
this theme
so MLG
lol
Sumica: Magic. Obviously.
hey sumica, I have an idea for your next show to stream :p
more dragons
John powell
Dem dragons
DAT VOLVIC REVIVE :O
Dragonforce
dragonforce :)
Hah
I get it :3
Test drive I think
HASBRO Hammer space  Sumica
that cranky
/me was supposed to be asleep an hour ago
._.
RaveBrony: FUCK THAT SHIT
:D
fus ro dah!
that patton
:D
eye of the tiger
HoodyNinja: Pretty much! :D
girl we need a montage
RaveBrony: http://i.imgur.com/mOy1c.png
ponies>sleep, sanity, all other worldly things lol
Dat Sonic Heroes :D
AJIsAwesome: Exactly :D
AJIsAwesome: Who drew that/
you have failed
?*
fezzes are cool
that spiderman
They are
HoodyNinja: Got it from Meanwhile.
that sounds unpleasent
or fox news
:p
Hah
lol
BETRAYAL
:D
Betrayed me
Hah
nope
that nostalgia critic
I think the video creater likes Spoony
that avatar
Lmao
:D
Dis music
/me waits
Is perfect
that was my reaction when big mac talked
Us waiting for season 3
^
Sumica: COuld you loop this after the marathon? :D
so after all this time, they're still waiting for S3
I would say Im bored but Im not
^
eyup
pinkie
that pinkie pie
hahaha
I wish I didn't have class today. :D
lol Scootaloo
Yup I love PINKIE
this is better than cable tv ads
boing boing boing
She ain't getting nowhere with those three.
coffee?
oh well
Thermos?
.....
BEARS ARE CRAZY
lol what?
NOPE
uh oh
........
Luna...
egawd dis
the ships that pass at night
:S
Dat awkward moment
why would you do this
Sumica: You'll be streaming the new episodes, correct?
no...
oh noes
why mrponiator why
here we go
:D
why waoit
trollestia
yayayayay
Becuz u suck spriggles
GOAAAAAAAAAAAL
hoodi pls
that sonic drown
:(
only vakkum suks as much as u
:<
trolled
this music
|:<
Spriggles pls, u suk so much you explode
:D
the fun has been doubled!
:D
that Wagner
AppleTails
moon
u suk so much that doesnt even mak sence, hoodi :I
=|:<
that lebowski
lolol
but I love you spriggles :I
trollestia strikes agian
:D
00,10yes i will be streaming the eps
i also love me, hoodi :3
more full metal jacket
work on it!
Great song
Sumica: Then do you mind muting your pings so that people won't spam them? :)
What the?
Tank. :(
buy some apples!
trollestia strikes agian agian
Mollestia
hoop LA
my god....
:S
ha!
KILL IT
oh no
NO NO NO NO NO
DAEMON SPWAN
ded
!!!!
:D
mica wheres me aquabats on?
:D
*SPAWN
i mean when is it on
...........
All dese poniators
:D
OH MAI
JRP2234: 12 PM EST
trollestia strikes agian agian agian
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
:D
ewwwww
:D
Eeewwwwwwwww
:D
colgate is best pony
It looks like Rarity is.......... Royally fucked
Kelpow: No :I
that danny elfman
:S
The sleeping Luna in the botton right of the screen reminds me what I should be doing then the screen itself shows me what I'd rather be doing
hi kids
smooth spike
Ryunosuke: Hai
with a chainsaw
that chainsaw
Doctor Fluttershy is crazy
:D
PINKIE
dat chainsaw
that pikie
:D
my planet needs me
:D
I love you Pinkie Pie
We all do
huzzah
HUZZAH
:(
:D
Luna is epic
O_o
:P
WUT
lol
Um
uh oh
OBJECTION
What
inb4 celestia
Genetics.
d
AlienWarhead: ?
science
:S
....
OBJECTION
hey
trollestia strikes agian agian agian and another
HEY
"Don't lie to me cake" is what I wanted to say AJIsAwesome
ZUUUUUUUUUUUUULLLLL
overuled, bring in the dancong lobsters!
AlienWarhead: Ah.
those fingers
:D
dancing*
HA HA
haha
that nelson
Teeth?
dat lyra
lol
AJIsAwesome: I hit enter by accident when I typing it
:D
hello everypony
RUN BITCHES RUN
hi moopy
hewwo
......dat pinkie
Hi, Moopy. :)
Moopy!
hi
that derpy
that hole
....bigger hole
darn it
what i miss?
that deadpool
moopy a bunch of pony videos
Moopy, everything :)
awwww
Lonelyyyyy
:c
:(
:D
but cake
;~;
forever alone
that back to the future
:D
yeah, i thought it was pretty rude of twilight to have shut the door in his face in that ep
Doctor who the final fontier
Everypony gets cake!!!
Tardis car
goddamnit hoodi
pls go
its called a delorean
two episodes later...
I would see this movie
spriggles go back to your corner
no >:I
wow
:D
00,10damn good cyder
Its getting cold over there
00,10er cider
Note to self: NEVER break a Pinkie Promise. NEVER.
Lmao
00,10problem, dashie
note to self: test fate and break pinkie promise
lolol
Dat face :D
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WnzlbyTZsQY&feature=g-wl
dat name
Hey no links buddy
twoiloight_spurnkle: Where you want your funeral?
Dat awkward dancing
If you've seen the video of where that came from, it's even more hilarious. :D
uh oh
00,10hmmm not sure if should just ban premptively
i have the whole collection
00,10yep
aawkward
HoodyNinja: in your bedroom so i can rise at night and eat you
:D
:S
oK
OK spriggles, you got it
I actually never saw this one. :S
i CHANGED MY name shizuka
no need to get your PANTIES IN A BUNCH
no sense of hum
Indiana, Dr. Jones, makes a living digging up old bones
is that like humming
I don't like humming :I
00,10seemed funny to me
twoiloight_spurnkle: Maybe he misspelled Ham. :3
wolf ponies
^wut?
I'm gonna go to bed!! Enjoy this most wonderful of nights!!!
AJIsAwesome: yeah i thought that too
wolfdogs
oh
Night, LunaEclisped! :)
night LunaEclisped
:D
derpy derpy
nite LunaEclisped
rated pg13
lol
Dat Scooby :D
aw snap those are my favorite movies
:S
Night
that fighting is magic
that fail
bye LunaEclisped
Ryunosuke: for large amounts of big mac
Twilight hax
:D
:p
:D
Wat?
om nom nom
Dat sweetie belle
FUUUUUUUUU\
:D
that johnny braco
:D
but you're outside
Braco?
brvo
._.
No one likes bracoli
.......
bravo
bravo :p
oops
Actually, broccoli isn't that bad
Atatatatatatatata
atataatattatatatatattat
YATATATATATATATATATA
nice crisp peace of bitchslap
Actually, Broccoli i a personal favorite. Simply steamed with butter and lemon.
:D
D:
Vail voice acting is fail :I
???????
vail?
PROFIT
hoodi pls
Hahahaha
that trollestia
spriggles pls
nou
:D
I think poniator likes the moon...
Go home and be a family mare
that dr
Kill monday
Which Doctor did that voice come from?
:D
uh oh
*voice clip
monday is like the lich king, there must always be a monday, even if you move it to tuesday
Spyro xD
my little dashie
:D
AJIsAwesome: Doctor who is suppose to look like the tenth doctor
twilight_sprinkle: Oy, you alright?
Your name is normal again
AJIsAwesome: Doctor whooves is suppose to look like the tenth doctor
AlienWarhead: No no no, the VOICE CLIP where that came from.
Best dwagon!!
:S
HoodyNinja: i just got here. what was that twoiloight guy, looked like a prick :I
Mmh hmm
:(
poor Scootaloo
:S
._.
oh mai
.....
OH COME ON!
OH COME ON
:S
:D
whats the most interesting is that if theyre gay, that means theyre male
And cue Naruto music
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
and that sit
NO!!!!! :D
those sea ponies
AJIsAwesome: look up the creater "MrPoniator" on youtube to find out
Shoo be doo!
:D
I want to make a ship out of newspaper that floast
:D
Octo-Tavia
I'm still waiting to get into the lottery
octavia
ruin All the friendchips
dat kira
But they taste so good
^^
LOL
*^^^
I'll take a hay chip AND EAT IT
00,10unfortunatly the lotto got dammaged due to working eing done on the site to make it ready for s3
what a shame
Lmao
Sumica, ah, okay. I see.
HA
It's cool. Take all the time you need, Sumi.
:D
00,10results are ok but cant get in to the lotto it's self
00,10they are looking in to it but makeing sure things are ready for saterday takes priorty
oh spike
Yeah, far out dude!
:D
That is why spike is best pony
are you kidding me i just missed MLP?
NOPE
:D
uh oh
derpy
never say no to muffins!
Malmortius: just pony videos
knew
GUYS GUYS.. only 1 day 7 hours to go +D are you excited?
00,10hmmmmm, to skip or not to skip
Malmortius: +D ?
stupid sexy twilight
no skip :3
Sumica: prolly
:D
altho idk
What
Feels like im wearin, nothin at all! nothin at all! NOTHIN AT ALL!
Stupid sexy Malmortius :S
Stupid sexy MadSurge
:O
oh noes
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Sumica guess not
* Malmortius
Wut?
Ponies! \:3/
I like this opening ._.
more trolling
Good morning Bronystate! (and Malmortius!)
ello MadSurge
This connection seems to never give up
hi MadSurge
I now have cancer
You missed the good ponies
Hi, MadSurge! :)
Mornin' MadSurge
Rainbow Dash Always Dresses In Style!
NO
how do their necks support theri heads?
Um...
Magic?
magic
Nees more, Darling, Darling.
HoodyNinja: I'm sure I already saw them :D
00,10they have necks?
Wtf?
That pony has pixie wings
my eyes
And now, Rainbow Dash dresses in style.
Well I assume so...
Patterns abound :3
Haha
Sumica: How else would they wear scarfs?
"My childhood was scary"
No
Please no
oh no...
Oh, is this the entire video?
O.o
I have to go soon, don't make me watch this
I should go
;~;
Inb4 it's just the intro
/me ties HoodyNinja down
I need sleep but.....
im sad to say i only thought of coming here after looking at some rule 34 on rarity :C
later bronystate
Nuuuu ;~;
latas AlienWarhead
Cya AlienWarhead
I was busy fixing my little playlist -_-
mute button
In da moanin
Malmortius: did you burn it afterwards? :D
Oh god
Malmortius: Wait wtf?
Why?
Seems like it's only this part...
Oh i burnt "it" alright. heh. heheh. HEHEHEHEH.
as long as it was humanized
OOOOOK, time for bed! Hahaha
NOO
AAAGH IT'S THE WHOLE THING
Damn, now I have to stay
Wait, never mind -_(\
HoodyNinja: GO TO BED
Volume jump?
At least its the fist one and not...the second one o_e
Raritys laugh is cute
*first
Internet says otherwise
We need to stream some Katamari Damacy
Girls On Film!!
00,10have the game but no system to play it on
MadSurge: i second this motion
I almost saw this movie...
So what's Pi about?
Well ,i cant stay for this whole thing, so im going to go
Cya everyone!
So Skyfall finally comes out on this side of the pond tomorrow.
00,10about 3.14 hours long
Bye Rainboom :)
latas RaveBrony
See you, RaveBrony
I mean RaveBrony -_-
Night, RaveBrony. :)
Sumica: lol
yeah, Pi seems to drag on forever
MadSurge: LOL U TABFAILED DUR HUR HUR
HoodyNinja: IKR I SO DUMB RRRR
/me stays still
00,10wonder if trixie will get a redemption ep.
I hope so
Sumica: Think so.
My guess is she's the 7th element
Sumica: orget more screentime EVER
Not really sure though.
red dead redmemption?
sweet sumica stream
Ohai AJIsAwesome :)
HoodyNinja: i hope she replaces fluttershy
Hi, MadSurge! :)
oh spriggles
Fluttershy replaces you
hope she replaces rarity
:>
naw, not even in soviet rasha, hoodi
00,10need 9 elements
Yesh spriggles
madonna
00,10need to keep the races in balence
your not even here right now
*you're
u r*
Shouldn't there be 118 elements? :P
ok, got school in 3 hours, ima sleep now , night guys !
hoodi pls
l2spel
latas cratorkid
spriggles pls
bye cratorkid
l2p
bye HoodyNinja twilight_sprinkle
See you, cratorkid
Polydunami: 151! Gotta catch 'em all@
*!
seeya Polydunami
And I thought that was a lot of Pokemon, MadSurge
one time at band camp..
NOW look where we are :S
11,029 days \:3/
Thats alot of vision
I SEE EVERYTHING
:D
00,10no super less then 2 days
Rarity would be a terrible queen
11,02But...that's not when Wii U comes out \;3;/
:S
00,10bah who cares about that
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Android MLP Game Releases!
00,10we have ponies
Oh you NewSuperBronyU :D
:D
11,02i liek nintendo :3c
00,10oh theres the androide version
11,02it cool :3
Wii U suks Xbox > PC PS3 WII all u newbs I get 20 kill streaks errytime I play cod lol
who who
I like this song
11,02HoodyNinja: :<
00,10now all of you that could not get the game cause you did't have an i phone
11,02moooooo ;3;
Not even Halo 4
00,10can now get the game
Quack
is the android version out now?
unless you have a ghetto android phone
11,02i got the game on mah iphone :D
yes
11,02it cool :3
Wii U? MadSurge ORE LIKE WII-ASTE YO-U-R MONEY!
AHAHA
"Dear princess celestis"
Oh no, Celestia's doomed :(
Android version is finally out?
I have it for ipad
im on the road to getting AJ next
:>
DOHOHOHOHOHO
Oh finally.
i didn't press Tab
What is that game about?
aw, jaymoo will be happy now
rebuilding ponyville
NewSuperBronyU I has the i[ad version!
i couldint get a iphone becuse poor people caint afford a $600 dollar repair fee if it breaks
11,02Mutterguy: Awesome o3o
*ipad
HoodyNinja: think Cityville with ponies
11,02I have to try it on my iPad now...
Huh
Sounds like a waste of time
why?
13thegt90: only $600? why that's only twice the cost of the phone, not nearly enough
00,10lv 21 already on it
HoodyNinja: 3d animation is pretty cute
Ohai Shizuka!
Eh, I don't like sim games :I
lol
11,02$600 is too cheap
Needs more over priced
:S
00,10600 why that sounds like the cost of a wiiU replacement controler
NewSuperBronyU is obviously rich :I
11,02Might as well make it $1299, that's a price that would make it dip into my Starbucks budget.
>600$
wut
oh btw i think princess celestia is worth about $100 in game currency
i bought mine for less than 300
of course thats with at&t
:D
11,02$2999? welp, might as well stop getting a new iPod each week
but still
00,10not if you got her during the buged 60% off sale Mutterguy
11,02$39,999? I'll buy two.
:S
NewSuperBronyU: Rich ass muthafucka
11,02:<
I should mug you
lets rob esbee
11,02D:
:>
:D
/me stabs spriggles
11,02no dont do dat, then i cant get wii u ;3;
oi hoodi, u betreyed me
At 250,000 its a steal - You don't need that Ferari
My bad~
lets rob SB's Wii U
:>
with the Apple iSpend, put your money into our patented Apple iBlades and simulate purchasing our products every day!
11,02D:
11,02not mah wii u ;^;
hmm coming from the guy bragging about money?..
/me drowns HoodyNinja in his blood
MadSurge: http://derpy.me/aoLbJ :)
01,04HoodyNinja: I need a Wii U o-o
twilight_sprinkle: Yummy
o.o
U need a Wii U?
lol
HoodyNinja: i haz aids
SB we can always split the wii u i get half of it u get the other half
:>
AJIsAwesome: <3
Like I said, no one needs a wii-U
I come back and NewSuperBronyU is in evil mode again .-.
He's Gone rogue
twilight_sprinkle: Makes it sweeter
00,10they cancled wiiU
^
01,04Sumica o-o
A wiieww?
and ponies
00,10seems the hardware was declared a natonal secret in japan
Wiiiiiiiii yoooooooooooo
00,10they have to make it over from scrach in the US
dat Wii U release date is a release date for the release date
they just announced it an hour ago, they cancelled wii-u, s3, and half-life 3
Hard to believe
Oh no, SB will have to learn Rice launguage
01,04o-o
They never made HL3
:D
00,10it will be the Wii-U2
Untill Halo 4 was out
11,02Mooooo o~o
00,10but might take a bit to buy the name from the band
Mooooo
Moo?
13so
Mooo.
Sumica: no it will be the Wii U XL
11,02Moooo :D
13it will play
"In a stunning display of corporate overtaking, Microsoft has bought out all of Nintendo. Sources say that Call of Mario: Mushroom Warfare is in production."
Kooyanisqatsi...
13but only on top of your roof?
Wait, how did Pinkie Pie and Fluttershy hold their tickets?
Buytoast: :D
Pinkie is just being Pinkie
Buytoast: Want
11,02Shizuka: Only if the wind is at your back.
Sumica Just make it the Wii-W
Hah
AJIsAwesome: http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/02fa623edac30465e8720dd89833f03d.png :3
13where the streets have no name
MadSurge: HHHHNNNNNG
MadSurge: Daww <3
/me glomps MadSurge :3
Space
Its that fucking awesome
space
so he makes it rain on garden tools?
They gonna rust
Nigga get yo tools inside!
MadSurge: http://derpy.me/FuO3I
HoodyNinja: :S
:D*
She bounces with the beat!
time to see if the AMD BlueStacks player will play the pony game
AJIsAwesome: 2.3 wingpower!!!
Dat rock
:D
Can't.... Move....
anyone have a old atari
Kooyanisqatsi...
...
MadSurge: Wut?
HoodyNinja: that's the song's title, and a movie
your twighlight evolved into a rapidash
1m off to bed, night
:D
latas Panda
Good night, Panda :3
Night Panda :)
00,10hi Panda bye Panda
Talk dirty to a mynah bird :3
NIght, Panda. :)
:D
night yall
NIght, pony_666. :)
Muthafucka left on me
/me huggles Sumica ^^ "we need to talk more"
This reminds me; we should stream Daria here sometime.
11,02Night Panda :)
00,10yup
Night Pondoo
00,10not sure if keep going
/me burns incense for the dead chat :(
Damn nobody's on TF2
Oh shi-
put out those incense ur gonna start a fire
Wrong chat
/me takes the CVhrono egg to the top of the tallest mountain in order to revive chat
/me pokes chat
/me uses a Phoenix Down
Dem credits
Oh wow
Yay
This
inb4 aaaaaaa
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
my ears are bleeding
first!
:D
This is going to be incredibly crazy
spriggles you did it wrong
l2aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
It IS friday! :D
nah, inb4 denied
^
i prefer dubstep to this
00,10=p
:D
XD
Nope.
yep :P
Denied
yay
Awwww
called et
Night Sumica :D
End of stream :(
Thanks for the stream, Sumica. :)
thanks for streaming, Sumica :P
thegt90: But, dubstep is good, if executed properly, like all musical genres
Thanks for the stream Sumica
Yay I can go to bed! \:3/
Thanks for the stream Sumica :)
yes
00,10only 5 hours >_>
Someone has to ask Daniel ingram if he'll do a cover
yeah thanks for the stream sumica you rock buddy
sum
Sumica: So long, and thanks for all the ponies
Sumica: to what?
00,10that's how long I been streaming
Ah :D
MadSurge: The announcement htat s3 has been canceled
damn 5 hour
HoodyNinja: :D
00,10done way longer then that
"It was great"
TEEHEE
EET WUZ GR8
And fillies!
MadSurge: http://derpy.me/-59Dl
Thank you for the stream, Sumica
Damn
ermagawd!!!
That picture always makes me d'aww every time :$
AJIsAwesome: I blame you for my heart problems
ermagerd ponies, u peepl are onna dem bronies, rite???
AJIsAwesome: HNNNGH
STFU SPRIGGLES
AJIsAwesome: i dont have to pay for it, do i?
twilight_sprinkle: :D
cuz i wont :I
U should
nu
thanks for the stream Sumica ^_^
yus
only if i get payed
then you'd have the same amount of money and an extra fluttershy
So, you got a Fluttershy for free
no, i mean if i get payed and not vice versa
Alright just my random thought of the day. A couple days before season 3 of My Little Pony comes out they release a My Little Pony game.
Well, you don't get payed for good things happening to you
good things? where
all i see is some yellow horse thing
Well, your not dead, right?
So, its a good thing I'm too lazy to find your address
And g
That is all I needed to say
oi hoodi, i alrdy kno were u live
ooo
I think I found out how to do this sumica :p
Everyone knows I live in best state spriggles
liquid?
Plasma!
00,10do what/
Damn, Firefox.
what we were talking about on skype earlier :p
/me afk
http://derpy.me/bcr8g
00,10uhhhhhh remind me.
00,10what thing
AJIsAwesome: Stahp it, it's too much
Hmm, dA isn't working for me today. :S
Ow
The cuteness hurts
It's a Firefox issue; I switched to Chrome
I'm using FF and it works for me
Yeesh, this is just annoying :S
http://derpy.me/Np41I Also relevant
relevent*
Your first spelling was correct, HoodyNinja
:3
Polydunami: >:I
Dammit
If it ain't broke...
Break it
HoodyNinja: :D
Polydunami: AAAAAAAAAAAAAA *explodes*
Okay, it works again
Let me try my previous link
00,10big mac looks silly with wings
Can you see it, AJIsAwesome?
Polydunami: Yep. Daww. :D
00,10oh hey it has a daly bonus thing too
WELP, I hate to admit it, but even Hoodies need sleep. Imma go to bed now, latas
Sorry guys, gotta hit the hay. NIght! :)
Good night, AJIsAwesome
Night, HoodyNinja. :)
latas AJIsAwesome
/me hugs Polydunami and HoodyNinja goodnight :)
Damn it, my internet cut out and I missed the end of the stream. Thanks for all those PMVs and Poniator shorts Sumica
Night AJIsAwesome|Asleep
00,10sorry you missed out J_E_Smith71
/me hugs J_E_Smith71 goodnight :)
Sumica: How long did you finish? It cut out when you were playing the Poniator MMMystery bit
00,10I played all them then did anthology 1
Alright guys, enjoy the later streams (Thanks Sumi for yours) and take care. :)
But then I saw... it.
http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLF527C3C3EF2000D3&feature=mh_lolz Updated my playlist to accomodate for removed videos -_-
anyone want a free steam key for superbrothers?
Okay, I should go to bed. Good night, everypony.
I'm out :3
00,10was realy expecting to get to add more friends on this thing
00,10but the system seems broken
More friends?
Sumica is forever alone
:P
I'm always down to make more friends
I normally just lurk here, as I don't know too many people on this network
hmm
i dont think im conected anymore
well i think i shall be off to bed :) good night yall *hugs chat*
applejack is the USwest server right?
hi everypony
or it doesnt matter?
11,02Hai pony_027308 :)
hi this is my first time here
11,02Applejack is in Texas o.o
11,02pony_027308: Welcome :D Hope you enjoy your time here :)
thx
so it's the closest to the west coast?
11,02pony_2862: Yeah
k thnx
INTERWEbs is bing gay guz
this video
it is win
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYanweChMVI&feature=related
^ lolwut :D
/me rolls around chat like a silleh filleh
/me slaps AdamTheDuck
:<
:>
/me stabs Jmo with a rusty kichen knife >:3
Tis not wise to do that when I have possession of your organs
.-.
o.o
/me noms on cupcakes .-.
so quiet
/me licks DeadpoolDash
wow
9 minutes
wasn't the record like 15 minutes?
/me is licked
8:57 to be exact
idk, max ive seen is 7
ive heard only about 10
never heard about 15
Hmm
I can't remember
Might have been 10 then
night everyone
lolwut
11,02http://i.imgur.com/PHciE.png
Dat Phase3
>_>
:>
all the phases
NewSuperBronyU: :D
ohai pony pepple
11,02MadSurge: :D
pony pepple? :(
Ohai IshPonyynoPhsI
and what? Ponies?
Eww
There be no ponies on BronyState <_<
^ >_>
Your ponies is in another castle
THERE IS ONLY STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE.
Is it bad that I've never watched Breaking Bad till last night?
I have no idea what Breaking Bad even is.
AdamTheDuck it's a show about meth staring the dad from Malcolm in the Middle
on AMC
05>blows nose due to heavy sickness
/me licks Wrek .-.
05>nasal bleeding
/me is now sick
05>fml
/me licks Wrek's blood
o.o
/me huggles IshPonyynoPhsI \:3/
Licking is fun :3
o.o
Blood everywhere.
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Mare-A-Thons and Streams Today!
05also i had fever rise so i was freezign even though im not cold
^ browniestaet \:3/
05so i took a very warm shower
05feels good man
/me tries to be insertive with AdamTheDuck
*assertive
/me stabs IshPonyynoPhsI with a rusty kitchen knife .-.
/me absorbs the rusty knife and morphs his hand into it
Jmo, want to play some Killing Floor? :3
Ohai Phase4
ohai
uh
maybe
What's in it for me .-.
Hello Wrek :) good to see you again!
Jmo, all teh dosh!
Wrek, come play tf2 with us
Hey stop using my username bro
Loadsa moneh.
/me is hungry for some AdamTheDuck a l'Orange
05Phase4: i would but im dealign with bleeding nose disease
05im thinking of mixing it with vodka and create a new drink
ah
wut.
Hey guys how do i do the nick again
Shmoopy, /nick
Wrek Hemovodka?
05use /nick [desired username]
ok thanks
put a stick of celery with iit and call it a bloody wrek
/me sings "sunshien and celery stalks"
Shmoop, /nick Moopy
Jaegerglobin?
oh wait sorry
Rofl
Wrek: http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/80e58297bb37452b8344c7e5d15c9097.jpg have some purple for a quick recovery!
Shmoopy/Moopy
05srsly havent been this sick for ages
dang it
/me surveys surroundings and hides cure in trenchcoat pocket
Wait hang on a second i got an idea
Wrek: nose blood isnt anything serious, it just means a small capillar burst, it happens to me occasionally
05i know waht it is
...
I thought I had Twilight_Sprinkle registered
HA HA! there we go
must've been another network
The nose is also known as the triangle of death
05but its annoying combined with the overproduction of mucus, painful throat, dry clogging eyes, dehydration and fevers
/me falls asleep
Engi: oi
Engi: dont register my name, iz mine
Engi: here i mean :P
/me shrugs
hmmm
need new playlist
11,02Night all :)
goodnight NewSuperBronyU|Zzz
Goodnight NewSuperBronyU|Zzz
I spot a lurking GigabitHarmonie :D
/me drags GigabitHarmonie into chat :3
/me licks GigabitHarmonie
Fine, continue http://i.imgur.com/OjdzV.jpg then
later yall im out
welp...i guess im going to attemtp to watch all the eps
nothing planned till 6pm sat so migght as well
what song?
pony_1850, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8a0e2O8v5tE
part of a 2 hour mix
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 5 hours, 29 minutes, 52 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
thanks
208.167.345.210
ip for this server
hello
sup
im new
and lagging
i think my computer lives to annoy me
lol
excited for season 3?!
u have no idea
jk thats not even a question
Season 3 has been cancelled.
rhetorical question
That is all.
>_>
what?!
/me notifies that theres a no spoiler rule in here
i would kill myself it was canceled
I'd help!!!
:[ it better not be
you probably shouldnt do that pony_1850
do you guys think twi will become a alicorn in the future
No...
i need to get that mod
dont worry d3rb i wont
ragequit
i cant stand badlands
terrible map
what mod is that?
on TF2
pony_1850 You do realise that is a extremely big possible spoiler?
a bad ass mod
i just got TF2
i dont think its a spoiler its really just a thought
pony_1850 I won't tell much but really avoid S3 spoilers or speculations cause doing either can result in a ban
24 hours ban i think
server'
servers can send mods to clients
K
Just a friendly note to ya pony_1850 :)
ya np
<3
havent played normal tf2 in ages
anyone here get halo 4
05actually posting platant spoilers will get ya permabanned
oh snap
05posting spoilers that look like spoilers but might not be will get ya banned on thes pot but you can still appeal
Wrek Well lets just say what number pony said has been very around and i do not want to confirm stuff but lets say it's on the really big spoiler thing
then i shall log in
oh, ok wrek. Sry im new to this stream
05no worries pony_1850
why is your txt red
Hes a mod
05but if you're new i welcoem you and urge you to read the rules and FAQ
ahh
that would make sense....derp6_9
Yarharharharharhar
AWESOME SONG!!
05pony_1850: you might want to pick a less anonymous name aswell
^
pony_1850, Welcome welcome welcome, a fine welcome to you! Welcome welcome welcome, I say how do you do? Welcome welcome welcome, I say hip hip hurray! Welcome welcome welcome to BronyState tttttoooooodddaaaaaaayy!~
05you can change by using /nick [desired username]
name yourself xxx_PWNY_SL4Y3R_007_xxx
/me slaps Buytoast around a bit with a large trout
did it work
yep
Horray for new name
could go for some fish
maybe some smoked salmon
oooh salmon
Thanks Wrek
hmmm
something smells fishy
sooo did anyone get halo 4 here
/me rolls around in large trout
i didnt
05i dont own consoles
fair enough
"An ancient evil awakens as Cheiftan Halo knocks over a vase."
"Now, finish the fight after you've finished it to lullaby him back to sleep."
Obligatory image http://derpy.me/9ZbXK
^
is the server ip still the same/
damn i have a spanish test today but i think im gonna skip school cuz ive been up since 2am
?*
hello?
SPANISH?
IN MY MURIKA?
si
lol nice pic adamtheduck
MURIKA!
Hello pony_6090 :D
05so much new people
lol
hey MadSurge
05also AdamTheDuck: best image ever
05which episode is that from anyways?
Wrek, the Witcher
Wrek: ONE DAY :$
Gotta love Season 3 Wrek
^
Wrek I wonder how many the site will top on saturday
05also: welcome pony_6090 to bronystate. please enjoy your stay aswell as reading the rules and FAQ. you may aslo want to use /nick [desired username] do distinguish yourself form the anonymous crowd.
05durign S2 we apparently had 20k
though im sorta sad season 3 is only 13 episodes
05unique viewers
Not to self: stay till 4 am Sunday morning
*note
not to self
*up
Herp.
Derp.
i know. I'm tired.
11 minutes till LAPD is finished downloading. My heart can't contain the excitement.
05im thinking of getting spec ops the line
05jsut cause of the story
Wrek: Yes, do it!
05but i think the story makes up for it
I did the same
And I hated Black Ops
05specially after seeing ZP's latest vid on warfighter
05i reccomend you watch it if you havent MadSurge
:D is he really angry about it?
05actally
05no
05well yes
05but no
Just disappointed?
05he laughs at it
'no, well yes, but no'
lul
o u Wrek.
what is the server/
ugh....must..study...spanish....livestream....distracting
anypony know what thew server is?
ya
05Phase4: post the server ifno again please
208.167.345.210
thnx
no prob:)
208.167.345.210
/me licks Wrek \:3/
vroom vroom.
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 5 hours, 3 minutes, 12 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
05you watching it MadSurge?
Wrek: Uh huh, already at Doom 3 :D
Wrek: I know I ruined the game because I already knew the twist, but it was much better than any Call of Duty
g2g seeya guys at the livestream of season 3
See ya
Wrek: spunkgargleweewee sounds about right :D
05aye
05but yeah
05the vid brings very valid points
05cant wait to see doom 4 either
Wrek: when he's not pretentious he usually is right
/me licks Phase4 .-.
AdamTheDuck, o_O
/me rolls around ded chat while map downloads
Wrek: Best shooter with humans? Wolfenstein 3D :D
Oh my god Wolfenstein 3D <3
The revolution of FPS.
05the wolfenstein movie is apparently in the works again aswell
:D
05directed by one of the co writers of pulp fiction
Inb4 bad german accents
oh yeah, its payload
forgot about that
05gona lie down to some eddie izzard
05back in a few hours
The quiet before tomorrow's storm...
Later Wrek!
See ya Wrek
/me makes a list of videogame disk/carts he's broken out of rage.
Bye Wrek
holy crap WHAT is this server and how do i find it?
i cant find it either
whats it called?
74.91.112.238
tanks, brb playing tf2
Dat quiet
i know right
/me violently stabs chat .-.
/me is dead
so is the stream really that interesting or is it just dead. (i havent got stream up)
d3rb: it's TF2
Maybe everyone's busy playing
probably
hey guys
/me ish playing TF2 :3
Ohai alexxm
hey alexxm , how are ya?
how've you been AdamTheDuck and d3rb i've been good you?
its the weekend so im great!
alexxm, just fine, just playing some TF2 :3
Combat medic is best class \:3/
Jesus, is it just me or are these people's voices really annoying?
AdamTheDuck: no, you're right
I can't hear it but i'll take your word.
Well maybe not all of the, but that guy talking about Starcraft 2 is really hurting my ears ;~;
AdamTheDuck who is talking anyway
of them*
i did
its fun as all hell
i stayed up at 2am playing it
Hey brb guys have to go take a quick shower aight
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 4 hours, 18 minutes, 54 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
\:3/
woo
lul bronystate got eqd featured picture.
lolwat?
that just popped up on my greader
lol ah i see
damn spy is fast
so what class is fluttershy
alexxm, medic :P
alexxm, medic
makes sense
The Australian government does something right for once.
It's a miracle.
thats enough for tonight
and that is Jmo? .-.
inc tl;dr
Today, the Australian Federal Government has announced that it will no longer pursue the Cleanfeed, a mandatory ISP filtering program riddled with problems and ethical concerns. It has been axed, shafted, given the boot, killed off  pick a phrase, any phrase from the broad range weve employed to describe the best course of action for this moronic idea since it appeared five years ago.
FUCK YES
CELEBRATE GOOD TIMES C'MON!
Oh God, I remember when they annouced that
...ahem...this news pleases me.
Lul.
tha conroy is a complete moron, i dont know the details of this but i bet this getting rid of the isp filter wasnt his idea
Demaa~
:3
Ohai Gold_Demona
Good morning, Bronystate
/me huggles Gold_Demona
da Gold_Demona
dat*
how are things Gold_Demona
Things are going alexxm
Ohai Gold_Demona :)
ohai MadSurge =D
No stream, huh?
oic how it is.
Did Phase stop streaming?
Wha Mojay?
/me hugs Jmo
just disregard us Australians like we don't exist D:
Gold_Demona: you just missed some TF2
Jmo, that's good news
heh
>.>
Meh never worried me.
jmo, were all just a bunch of convicts
I hate Apple so much...
lol
we're**
Of course we are.
Gold_Demona: also I need both god mons to get the third god mon, that's some fine bullshit
Why's that AdamTheDuck?
/me goes to download the new iOs pony game
AdamTheDuck, are you going on about the patent?
oh.
LOl
Don't mention that when dema is around :<
/me gets 1 gig update that will take approximately 7 hours
MadSurge: You think that's bullshit? Look up how to catch Feebas in Ruby and Sapphire. THAT is some bullshit right there.
1gig?
/me throws his iPhone at a brick wall
Should of been only 97.3MB
912.7 mb.
lol...apple :P
wat.
lolol iOS got big ol' update for nothing
Android only had a small one.
Oh yeah Adam, first mistake, buying an Apple product.
/me didn't buy it
wat.
Birthday gift...
Gold_Demona: they're in a few preset tiles...?! Why
first mistake, owning an Apple product*
MadSurge: Not a few. One
:>
MadSurge: Only one
Yeah
MadSurge: And it's random
I would trade this in for an android -_-
/me owns an apple product...
I hate iTunes so much...
Dema, you get to own Apple cause you're cool.
/me feels like the only person in the world who likes iTunes...
i would hate apple so much less if itune was ok
^
I don't get it. Why oes everybody hate iTunes?
does*
lul
im sure its fine if youve been on apple for a while, butb i got a alot of flac's and wma's
I have no issues with iTunes
I have converters that fix the flac and wma problems.
Also iTunes has a thing now where they can convert wmas into mp3s
i have ALOT of music, cbf converting it
d3rb: you have an animal made of music? :D
I convert EVERYTHING I download into mp3s, just because mp3s are universal and can play just about anywhere
And I literally have over 50 days worth of music
i have a house and car made of cd's and records
i have 114 allegedly
lulz
Gold_Demona, y u no flac
literally. I click and dragged my base MP3 folder into an empty iTunes library and the end result was a playlist over 50 days long
114 days that is
Phase4: Because flac doesn't play in a lot of places.
Only use I've found for flac is to make good cds
none of that communist marx jams
its all australian convict anthems
once its mp3 you loose quality :/
Phase4: I don't store ANYTHING on my pc.
about stealin' and killin'
none
sounds MURIKAN enough to me
Gold_Demona, oh there are other things that make me want to drop this phone into the ocean
WHOO!
by the fact that I can't set my own ringtone
I have to "buy" one.
Wat.
wat?
No-one wants to ring you Adam.
You loner.
XD
My phone is a Razr. Only use for mp3s is for ringtones, and only if they're like 10 seconds long.
I like ringtones.
I don't care, I just want Guile Theme as my ringtone ;~;
Now Adam is crying in the corner.
but Gold_Demona ytou have the option to change it, one step ahead of an iphone
So what, you call yourself just to hear your own ringtone?
You sad, sad person.
Tsk tsk Adam.
lol :P
Gold_Demona: :D the old mons' cries are so jarring
"BEEP BOOP"
MadSurge: lol, Yeah, but that's because they had the original gameboy's soundcard to work with.
FREEEDOOOOM!
Uhh
So I downloaded the app, how do I transfer it to my phone? .-.
/me never touches apps on his phone
Gold_Demona: yeah, figured as much :D
Hell if I know. I don't own a smart phone. :D
Pantech Burst. :P
Adam, please just put it down before you hurt yourself.
/me throws iPhone at brick wall instead
Ehh good enough...
If ever I do get a smart phone, I'll probably end up getting an Android of some sort
Mostly because I don't want an iPhone that'll make me hate iTunes...
so mainstream, get a windows phone
I like iTunes. I don't want to hate it
Feel knackered, need a few hours.
Ewww, no Windows plz
Hey guys i love to stay and chat in all but i have to go to bed now so a see yall in the morning ok so night yall and love yall
later Jmo|Zzz
yall
Goodnight Jmo|Zzz
yall
YALLLLLLLLLLL
cya Moopy
o.o
Gold_Demona: I need to remember to teach to one of my useless mons that move to leave the enemy with one hp
MadSurge: False swipe?
Aye
g'day mate! dinkum mate
strewth!
lol
d3rb... Please... Just stop...
In italian it's false finale
bloody oath AdamTheDuck
roight
to roight cobba
:D
Croikey!
Cronkey!
Dafuq is Cronkey.
:D
:D
/me seriously wonders why Australia advertises itself with the broad accent .-.
its like crunk but aussie
Stereotypes ftw!
Smashing! (I know, it's british, but)
close enough
lol
Is there any italian stereotypical phrase apart from talking really loud and fast with an accent? :D
And gesticulating wildly?
Mama mia
Anything Mario says :D
LETSA GOOO
Adding "a" at the end of every other word. :D
:D
Fucking Absol, you're almost dead, why u no stay in the ball
night NewSuperBronyU|Zzz
But the only regular phrase that comes to mind is "mama mia"
Dam it i missed him again
My people have two main stereotypes. Coffee and Cocaine. :D
Hey, you wanna eat-a some-a bigge pizza pie-a? :D
i like your people
Coffee <3
MadSurge: LOL :D
Gold_Demona: you mean mexicans or spanish people?
MadSurge: Colombian
colombia i assume
Ahhh
Yeah, you're all narc smugglers :D
Not that it's a problem with me, but you NEVER want to call a hispanic by a specific country that they're not. XD
so, the new Mass Effect 3 DLC will have a female Turian in it.
smuggle it in the coffee beans :3
DeadpoolDash: :O
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 3 hours, 41 minutes, 2 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
night all
Goodnight JRP2234|Zzz
take it easy JRP2234|Zzz
nighs JRP2234|Zzz
OhmygoshOhmygoshOhmygoshOhmygoshOhmygoshOhmygosh
There we go! Sideways horn is caught
Ohai CrimsonPhoenix .-.
bye JRP2234|Zzz
what haoo
what happened CrimsonPhoenix
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 3 hours, 41 minutes, 2 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
This
CrimsonPhoenix, I thought you said you were going to be more like "That's nice" fluttershy.jpg
Yaaaay my sockpuppet ghost became an evil doll! :D
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 3 hours, 36 minutes, 10 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
AdamTheDuck, heh I can still have a glimpse of fun
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wILFddYxKOM
http://coconeru.tumblr.com/post/35323670795/cgeyeguy-demon-killer-i-have-feels-a
wow
I have no regrets! *plays Space Invaders*
MadSurge, you......MONSTER
kill em all!
No feelings for beep boop pixels
hello
Ohai kimplix
i have no regrets *boots up tetris
hi adam
I have NO regrets! *plays Pong*
how are things kimplix
good
no regrets have i *pulls out yu gi oh
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1352459006261.png
so if u see kimplix2, that's me
bronystate is featured on EqD for the upcoming stream
never knew till now
i gtg 4 now
see ya
so when the s3 premier is on stream, will commercials run too?
yep
i'm watching :3
chat will be near unusable
maybe s&asrt commercial will be on too
CrimsonPhoenix: :D busted
pretty chat will have to be in the seperate rooms
sure
kimplix, of course
i know now
still, will be very busy
but Hasbro's commercial are hilarious
like that one toy that air six time in a row
about some gooey thing
which toy?
any toy they all repeat like crazy :P
It's some sort of modelling goo but it's not play-doh
you should see the uk ones. the most annoying one repeats in 1 ad break about 4-5 times in 1 row
all argos
but it depends on whenever new catalogs come out
Gosh I love french toast crunch
Hi everypony
hello Rainboom
Hiyo Rainboom
/me is eating honey nut cheerios
/me loves Honey Nut Cheerios
Ohai Rainboom
Gold_Demona: mmmmm
Ehh...
I can see why people like these sort of games
Not my cup of tea though/
.&
.*
Kiddy cereals are the best
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8bX6-lZyFc suddenly, Team Fortress parody
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1352460141580.gif
:O
aww
I wanna hug that Dashie
I WILL RESPAWN
best line in that skit
MEDIC! MEDIC! Youve been shot?! Lemme heal you! No no I just twisted my ankle.
oh! good moring everyone!
mornin'
monrning lol
jeez
after much undeu dely. finaly got the lunaa machined
to tired to talj
hey NENUDJUS
i dont think ill talk any more
Hello taoumi :)
Mornin' NENUDJUS
Ohai taoumi
hallo MadSurge AdamTheDuck and good night.... x.x got wrok in 6 hours
YEEEEEES!!!!!
you making a luna taoumi ?
mlp: fim game is on google play :D
Goodnight taoumi :P
yeah d3rb
awesome
taoumi: :O GO TO BED
https://twitter.com/JBelskus/status/266869160766734336 d3rb
k MadSurge . nighty everypony
:3
sweet
weird cuz at first i thought it was 2 people with hoodies. but then i saw it was feet
later taoumi
As of this minute, I have finished the Ultimate Brony Challenge
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FIY41LrvMFQ
Gold_Demona: :D I found the ganguro pokemon! :D
MadSurge: The what now? O.o
Hello everyone :)
Kandarihu: Pony pony pony pony, pony pony pony?
Hiyo RainbowPie
Sorry i haven't been on lately, caught up in studies haha
hello
Gold_Demona: Jinx
:)
MadSurge: Oh lol :D
Because I am bored. http://fav.me/d5kgo24
hey MadSurge :)
hey Rainboom !
hey RainbowPie
is anypony else excited?
Hey!
yes!
:D
Jezebel: for what?
NENUDJUS: I believe for season 3 :3
But i could be wrong
nah, must be for cdo black ops
cod*
Season 3? There be no any Season 3 here. >_>
I'm not really excited, but I am looking forward to it.
^
Gold_Demona, simple drawing but it was.....nice to say the least
Gold_Demona: ganguro is a weird japanese fashion that sees chicks bleaching their hair blonde, tanning like crazy and wearing almost clown-like makeup :D
also
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-ultimate-brony-challenge.png Let's see. I couldn't avoid sleep, so that's out. I'm not even an alcoholic. I spent less than one total hour away from the computer (although I spent some time on the computer on other things as needed) and I didn't skip the intro/outros.
http://fav.me/d5kitsm
i'm so excited to see jack frost
lol
thats to mainstream
Kandarihu, doing that atm :P
i will loose
CrimsonPhoenix: It wasn't meant to be uber pretty. Just a quicky comic to illustrate the current state of my desk. :P
I realized that
Kandarihu: I think im brony enough for all that! lets do it!
still cute
and I cannot do the challenge
is there a live stream going on or is my internet being bad again :(
job and all
That cosplay is awesome
i got a job :P
RainbowPie: nope, no stream
RainbowPie: There is no stream at the moment
a challenge to watch all mlp episodes in 24 hours eh?
ah good :)
Gold_Demona: awww poor PC
hmm.....
24 hours or 12 hours?
in the span of 24 hours
12 hours is impossible
does it count if its taking up a quater of my monitor with chat and SAI paint taking upo the rest?
you know what?
There are more episodes than can fit in 12 hours
Yeah i know
http://ponycraft.net/wp-content/forum-image-uploads/lord-lemons/2012/08/Rage-Challenge-Accepted-2.jpg
RainbowPie, that's what I did. I was fasting on ponies for a full month, and I decided to go through with that in order to break my fast in grand style.
Kandarihu: haha nice,
yep
kimplix: Adding that pic to my folder of tumblr pictures
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 3 hours, 3 minutes, 23 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
This right here.....this just made my day http://fav.me/d5kj4jt
what about the pic?
I don't care if I lose everything in my life, since I saw the best thing ever to be produced in the internet
Has there been any spoilers for season 3 yet, or nothing is getting released?
no spoilers here mate :P
NO SPOILERS HERE
no spoils
RainbowPie, there has been like 9 minutes of spoilers in youtube
I dont want to see spoilers
Im just wondering if any has been released
yeah
plenty of spoilers elsewhere if you want, just not here
RainbowPie, there are plenty of spoilers around. And we've been mostly spared from that on Bronystate
RainbowPie: There's been lots
the 8 minute clip, 1st, 2nd and 3rd minute or 2 clip
2 songs
the 3 hour doco
d3rb, Kandarihu: I know! Im hoping there isn't any spoilers. Ive seen the trailer i think it was. Thats it
i have been DYING to say this, SEASON 3 IS COMING TOMORROW! :D
the 40 gigs of jpgs
so mininum of 13-15 minutes i have to say
Episode titles and airdates for most of the season
Rainboom: I KNOW I CAN'T WAIT
and yes 2 songs aswell
wait 2 songs?
:$
what's the other one?
I don't want to even hear the songs :p
I want it to be ALL new to me
kimplix: I cannot say, for it would be spoilers
lol ok
i know the understandings of spoilers
kimplix: Its not worth it
true
Sometimes I dont watch spoilers, but sometimes I just jump right in them :D
I don't care. I watch 'em. :P
Rainboom: It was good for me, When i started watching MLP and became a brony whole of season 1 and almost season 2 were out. So I got to watch them all without waiting for new episodes :)
Watch ALL THE SPOILERS!!! [insert hyperboleandahalf pic here]
Mmmystery of the Friendship Express is one of my Top 5 favorite episodes of S2 because all the references, comedy, and suspence in it. I was dying of laughter when they did Con Mane and the silent movie clip.
lol yeah
I was laughing at ALL of them cuz they were all such good parodies. :D
My favorite episode of season 1 has to be episode 16 "the sonic rainboom" and season 2 episode 14 :D
Canterlot*
Fluttershy/Pinkie episodes are my favorite by far
anyone using an IRC client? I just tried icechat, it sucks
is there better?
Jezebel: try XChat
is it free?
Jezebel, I believe it is
yep
http://xchat.org/download/
I got a new shipping, RARITY X TOM
free...for a certain time
I'm thinking I might download it on my PC, since my mac's out of commision at the moment.
I had LimeChat on my mac
/me noms on LimeChat
d3rb, I've had xChat for awhile now. Hasn't asked me to register or anything
/me licks AdamTheDuck
really?
Hey AdamTheDuck :)
Yeah
/me licks Rainboom :P
i paid for mine, i use it enoguh and i like it...maybe im just a sucker though
/me wipes off lick :S
Congrats Bronystate
You got EQD :P
i g2g. i'll come back later
Bye kimplix
bai
cya kimplix
/me licks Vordox
laters kim... gone
Zzz... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ID0N_cGoiM
Ohai Vordox
was bronystate on EQD?
Hai
RainbowPie, yeah
AdamTheDuck, can't sleep on that
RainbowPie: They got an article with other stream about current episodes and stuff
Oh I didnt see it
it's too upbeat
Check out the page, it just has this week's newletter as the image.
Yaaaaay Gold_Demona, I found a Ditto! :3
oh awesome!
Congrats bronystate 6_9
MadSurge: Yay! Now you can stick it in the day care and BREED ALL THE THINGS!!!
can't believe i didn't see that
Gold_Demona: yesh :D
GIVE ME YOUR SOCKS Socks :[
Hey guys :)
Ohai Rainboom
fail tab
Ohai Rainbow
Hey Rainbow
Hiyo Rainbow
So many people starting with Rain- .-.
tab fail lol
/me gives AdamTheDuck his socks and walks away slowly
:)
/me huggles all teh socks :3
So how are you all ? ;D
/me hugs back
Gold_Demona: but I need another to get the electric ghost thing that possesses furniture
More people in here start with "the"
God damnit Pony iOS game...
Gold_Demona: Rotom, that's the name
I just played with Twilight like 2 minute ago, why the hell does she want to play again?
MadSurge: lol yeah, that thing.
I just realised that can be interpreted in many different ways
:D
6/52..already yawning, not gonig well
Gold_Demona: a chick wants a Ditto to trade it
Oh my!
MadSurge: heh
Who has the MLP Game?
What is the game like?
Thats what i was going to ask haha
I dont know anyone that has it
RainbowPie, meh
Speaking of MLP games, I really want Fighting is magic
Meh good or meh bad?
Meh as in me.
Might just get it and try it out, I mean its free. so why not
who's playing the my little pony game?
Is it free? Is it for IPhone or I pad?
I will be in about a minute :3
Ive got it on my Samsung
Socks, I think both
/me goes to steal his dads iPhone
it's free
:)
been hearing nothing but good stuff from it
greetings all
hey misterbull82
Hiyo misterbull82
hii misterbull82
Ohai misterbull82
heya misterbull82
its earLy morning here, but i decided to pop on in and see what y'all fellow brony typEs are up to ^-^
http://derpy.me/USdfc wow Daniel just...wow
It's quarter after 7am over here
also, my text box seems to be lagging... o-0
Sun's finally out, the lazy bum
12:16 HERE
misterbull82, Not much really just talking about the new game for iOS :3
7;14 here
Socks: am or pm?
23:16 here
It's light outside...
Its 7:16am for me
anyway catch you guys later
:P
Socks: So I'm guessing pm
*7
Rainboom, you Australian?
oops lol
I am messing up today
Damnit
AdamTheDuck: no
AdamTheDuck, Im australian :)
fail tab, RainbowPie, you Australian
Socks: I hope you have wifi, the game is about 100mb
There you go ;~;
lol tab fail AdamTheDuck
AdamTheDuck, yeah
Too many Rain- peoples >.<
Cool
my chat input box is lagging.. like 1 letter per second before it lets me post anything... what the actual heck?
Too many muthaf-ing rainbows!
What does it meeeeean? D:
You might want to restart your computer or cancel a few things, misterbull82.
butterfly :D Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ
Is there actually something playing, or is my computer being a tard again?
good morning everypony :D
Deyna: nothing is playing
Deyna: Thar be no stream at this moment
morning Squallken
not anything being streamed as far as i can tell
it may be fIrefox itself.>. 8checks the system memory usage8
Mornin' Squallken
how are things Squallken
Okay, I thought my computer was being stupid again.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CpThkLTJjUQ&feature=autoplay&list=FLAViXIrbp86kg5lvVfFdQuQ&playnext=1
Well, Blunty doesn't like it
MAX VOLUME
GO
<3
so far, im liking the app
im playing the MLP, game for the iOS and its 20% cooler :D
I never did get to play those games, Vordox.
RainbowPie, ehh, I don't think I will be spending too much time on this game though ;~;
Deyna: Then enjoy the music
The pollen count, now that’s a difficult job. Especially if you’ve got hay fever.
I love chiptunes.
sheesh... firefox is eating up 168,999 k... and i only have three tabs open..... rebooting... c.c
AdamTheDuck, everyones different, I LOVE games like this the fact that is MLP based is just a massive bonus
08,01misterbull82: ha! is that all?
08,01my browser is currently using 7GB
O.o
Woah!
That's... ridiculous
Memory leak?
08,01RainbowPie: lots and lots of porn.
Lol.
Expected.
Holy crap am I still here?
Uhh.
Hi everyone!
08,01but seriously, most of what i've got open is either programming related or mlp fanfic
how do I work xchat?
what do I put in networks?
help please
hai everybody
08,01Jezebel: network irc.ponychat.net, channel #bronystae
08,01*#bronystate
Jezebel, do you have team viewer? ill sett it up for you if you like
be easier than explaining
and typing
team viewer?
Yeah
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H6A10gO9Io4&feature=channel&list=UL
Team Viewer allows remote control of someone else's computer
08,01RainbowPie: porn
with permission of course
best lanuage
Ninjazz, http://fav.me/d5k2556
08,01inb4 you buggers look up whether there's a language called porn
Ohmai
08,01inb4 there is.
Have some freakiness Carnival Cat.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jAabtQZSdlE&feature=bf_next&list=FLAViXIrbp86kg5lvVfFdQuQ
08,01RainbowPie: no
^
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jAabtQZSdlE&feature=bf_next&list=FLAViXIrbp86kg5lvVfFdQuQ
08,01of course not
oops
08,01just most
XD
AdamTheDuck, I always appreciate the sudden, pleasant, oh so pleasant artwork that comes out of no where.
silent room?
no prob
/me 08,01actually used to have tech contracts for a porn studio
:(
ok im gone
o.o
Dat Lightboom
I played with Team Viewer for a little bit between my mac and my PC once. It was pretty funny. :D
i got a sort of job now
Controlled my mac from my PC and vice versa
08,01alexxm: in porn?
/me 08,01needs to stop saying the word porn
Ninjazz, wet mane Rarity is best Rarity :$
08,01AdamTheDuck: actually, pinkie pie is the best rarity
AdamTheDuck, the truth is beautiful.
But the internet is for porn
Gold_Demona: sound interesting haha
08,01alexxm: so, in other words, porn.
testing
still typing slow for some reason
Hmmm. Rarity AND Pinkie Pie... That is a good combo though.
08,01Ninjazz: you've seen through me! i'm actually reading about directly accessing MTD chips on phones
it's not working :(
night peoples (again)
lol
night JRP2234|Zzz
oh, iT seems this is an irc chaNnel...> maybe i should try accessing this chat on mirc or something ;p
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 2 hours, 29 minutes, 43 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
Have some Luna!
Man the episode is on at 2am where i am :(
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sivUjOaNYoM&feature=autoplay&list=FLAViXIrbp86kg5lvVfFdQuQ&playnext=1
All nighter for me :D
RainbowPie, go to bread :<
you australian RainbowPie ?
d3rb: Yeah
/)
Wait you're Australan d3rb?
yep
So many Strayans.
RainbowPie, good luck with your all-nighte - zzz... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZEWFPLukz-4
AdamTheDuck: No DONT!
Be glad we're not speaking Strine Ninjazz.
AdamTheDuck: It shouldn't be too hard :) aslong as i stay up long enough to see the episode ill be happy
AdamTheDuck, actually I'm kinda disappointed.
I feel so special chatting with so many Australians. :D
Ninjazz: That's awesome too. :3
Oh Jesus
Damnit Youtube auto-playlist
Mostly I get all giddy knowing I'm talking to so many people that live outside my country. :D
RainbowPie, this song was next on my playlist, now I'm awake XD http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gt5tgKyRh4
Gold_Demona: where are you from?
The novelty runs thin after a while though...
But I'm stupid and easily amused. :P
RainbowPie: I'm a Murikan
Welcome to ANOTHER Chiptune! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I1USJ16xqw4&feature=bf_next&list=FLAViXIrbp86kg5lvVfFdQuQ
'Murika!
MURIKA!! BUCK YEAH!
Gold_Demona: Nice! I wanna go there some day
Vordox, that game rocked.
I want to visit the UK some day
yeahhhh! MURIKA!
I want to visit ALL THE PLACES!!!
But alas, I am po'. (can't afford the "or")
How do you guys feel about obama being re-elected? I heard most people dont like it
But i wouldn't know...
Meh. I felt like we were screwed either way so it didn't really matter much to me.
RainbowPie: Me, personally. I don't give a shit. I had absolutely no preference on whoever would end up in office.
"Lesser of two evils"?
ah, better
/me really doesn't give a damn about politics, both inside and outside of Australia... Although feels like he should probably make an effort to :$
I can chat properly now xD
MisterBull82: Yay!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BuQl47h8CCg&feature=BFa&list=FLAViXIrbp86kg5lvVfFdQuQ Rock out with the CMC, METAL STYLE!
MisterBull82, let us celebrate with some filly Vinyl. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fA9bCV7zLv4
If anything, Adam, you should get whoever is banning games in Straya a bit srsly. Like, that's bad yo.
they sorted out the r 18 rating though
comes in jan nezxt year
Ninjazz, ehh, news about the guy who objected 18+ rating for Australian gaming is getting booted in a year or so anyway
lol, I'm celebrating with some coffee actually ;) got quiet a bit of work to do today
Oh really? That's good news.
AdamTheDuck: Learn to Celebrate http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XmLwFWc5gMU&feature=BFa&list=FLAViXIrbp86kg5lvVfFdQuQ :P
d3rb, /)
(\ should be just in time for the new gta
Vordox, lol but I linked that too many times in the past few days XD
y'all mind if I linked up a piece of artwork I've been working on? I need some 'pinions ^^;
Yeah theres no more limit on gaming anymore in australia
AdamTheDuck: Hehe.
DAMNIT
WHY AM I SO HAPPY TODAY
MisterBull82, go ahead :P
Something will come back and kill me today, feels like it
because pony
Thankfully! I can finally buy all the "fun" games :D
d3rb: Got nothing to do with Pony
Don't question it, Vordox.
http://pinkie.ponychan.net/chan/files/src/135234062987.png <- finished pencilled version
dont deny it Vordox
because pony
I don't
But it's not
hi
MisterBull82, oh my
I JUST FEEL!
shhhhhh....it ok...because pony
The power of the universe is circulating
is anything playing in the stream? its black for me
I FEEL IT
Ohai RainbowDashSavior
Fuuuu
o hai ther
Another person with Rain in the name ;~;
so many rains!
RainbowDashSavior, no stream at the moment
hey RainbowDashSavior
Heavy Rain...
lol
k thanks
AdamtheDuck: I take it you like?
MisterBull82, yep :P
Wat. XD http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pRlZyZEHKBQ
It's so true XD
gotta paint it up digitally, and then later transfer it into a 3D image
Ted is finally out on DVD :D
anyone im off, goodnight everyone :)
RainbowPie, :<
Y U NO ALL NIGHTER?
Not tonight!
:<
all nighter ftw
Tomorrow night when the show is on!
Goodnight RainbowPie...
d3rb: Do an all nighter with me ;D
:D *
Night RainbowPie
i am :D
heh awesome!
im up to ep 6/52 :P
/me licks RainbowPie
Okay goodnight everyone (again)
Rainbows are spicy
/me licks AdamTheDuck
Hi
/me licks RainbowPie
hey GhostTCR
Hiyo GhostTCR
will season 3 be streamed here?
Yes
maybe...
Ohai GhostTCR
GhostTCR, nope >_>
There be no Season 3 here
dat applejack face
orly?
Your Season 3 is in another castle <_<
hiw are things GhostTCR
http://pinkie.ponychan.net/chan/files/src/135234062987.png just posting this one more time to get a few more opinions, before I do any more work to it :P not trying to spam
These are not the episodes you are looking for. *jedi wave*
Season 3 is being banned across all servers. Please move along.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MH7lXcUvgwY
I am your host, a man they call Ghost~
lol
SpaceGhost?
coast to coast?
Spaaaaaaaace Ghooooooooost
IMA MELTING POT OF FRIENDSHIP!
I liked that show.
+1
/me noms on Gold_Demona's mane for no apparent reason
Or I just thought I liked it out of the massive sleep deprived state of confusion.
What it taste like, Ducky? :D
yep yep yep
I liked Cartoon Planet better myself. But then I was a huge Brak fan back in that day.
Gold_Demona, taste like... Grapes... o.o
/me continues to nom on Gold_Demona
keys
hmm
I taste like grapes? O_o
a bit off topic (like most of everything here) but I just purchased Final Fantasy 12 off EBay for the PS2.. did I make a good purchase?
how much?
^
$10
sounds fine
only seen bits of it being played by other people.. thought it looked cool, so I decided to shell out for it
cant go wrong for $10
not at all
Hey how is Everypony today? :)
Ohai DerpDash
oh, we're... you know... pony Pony pOny poNy ponY pony
good DerpDash , you?
d3rb: Same here :I
im watching the mlp/phoenix wright crossover again
lol
how are things DerpDash
so... given that my current time is 7:53am, when should I probably schedule my time to come back here for the big stream?
alexxm: Good, but a little boring...
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 2 hours, 5 minutes, 57 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
^ then
cool, thanks
no probs
Thats 10:10am for me... pretty early
could be worse, 2am here :P
wish we could swap lol
Same so Im recording it just in case
10:55 for me, it seems.. but I'll need to look at that a bit closer
/me readys all the coffee machines :$
im just gonna eat coffee till then
10:10pm* idk why i said am
eat it straight out of the can?
yum yum, good stuff
d3rb: Like the beans or... O.o
I'm back.........!
both, may just snort straight caffeine
or not
why nt just buy the coffee beans and grind it up into sprinkles and pepper it over your scrambled eggs? xD
Welcome back Dark92Enigma
thats the thinking im after MisterBull82
genius
*bows*
Either that or replace the water for making the coffee with Red Bull
But drinking coffee is fun.
geeezius
I <3 fresh coffee
Ninjazz! :$ http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/1b8af56f920b321ed5ee0f8d36023416.png Hello~
i'm waiting for the S2 premiere in my country!
s2? what country?
why wait when you can internet!
Oh hello MadSurge. And Hellooooooooooo.
OH WAIT. IT'S THAT ARTIST.
YES. I LOVE HIS/HER WORK.
Cresento?
Dark92Enigma: Youtube is your friend... I think
or itunes
or netflix...or.....etc etc
MisterBull82: why?
I guess. I just recognized the style because he/she always has hearts in their eyes.
P,ao
opnmdain
MisterBull82: you were talking to d3rb
Ffff
Jmo, you are drunnk, go to sleep
havent actually checked youtube for MLP eps in a while, so I'm not sure about how things have been concerning uploads
just woke up shhhh
/me licks Jmo .-.
Ninjazz: http://bronibooru.mlponies.com/post/index?tags=cresento have fun with this tag :D
This will make my job even harder.
But worth it.
Oh and go back to bed jaymoo.
soooo... um.. Crystal Ponies.. why are they called that again? or is it yet to be revealed? I've been avoiding spoilers
Ninjazz: http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/4cf4b621e5f417e022b679b5a7470ef1.png HOLY SHIT
Make me you two timin'
dunno, im just gonna watch the show
MadSurge, making my job very difficult.
kay jaymoo. you can stay.
Ninjazz: sorry. What are you doing?
Yay it's Saturday \:3/
anybody here expect there to be a new villain in tomarrow's ep?
MadSurge, organizing the monster of an un-organized fanart folder.
Aaaah
Just 2 more days till Paper Mario
Tell I'm gonna go jump to bed
just another 23 days til my next payday :P
OBBBBBJECTIONNNNN!
Goodnight everyone :)
Ninjazz: my fanarts are not enough for that to be necessary yet
Night Ducky
OBBBBBJEEECTTTTTTTTTTIIIIIIIOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNNNNN!
i farted
Good morning :3
Hiyo Ponies47
MadSurge, when you save every single thing to the point where it takes 10 seconds for your computer to even respond, it's time.
Bye AdamTheDuck! and hi Ponies47!
hey Ponies47
.
Nite Adam.
.
you better say I can stay
Ninjazz: dat feel :D
.
you
.
sexy thing.
.
Inb4 kick
Mornin' Ponies47, bye Ponies47.
Bye Piefaceadam
Night AdamTheDuck :3
you can stay all you want. >_>
o u ninja
/me Hello Rachel Welch, Goodbye Rachel Wlech
don't tempt me babe.
Bye AdamTheDuck
I still love this image so much <3 http://fav.me/d54pfer
I try not to, but you make it hard. >_<
;D
c:
Wake up feeling like shit and doozy.
All good now.
My work is done. I can die feeling accomplished.
http://pinkie.ponychan.net/chan/files/src/135234062987.png srsly final post of this link before I call quits :3 just need some opinions
Not until you get me in bed.
AdamTheDuck, didn't know that was-and he's gone.
:o
>_<
Nawwwwwwwwwww
I'm pulling your leg there.
Oh... scured me for a sec. ^_^;
MisterBull82: HOLY SHIT SON :O
Dema
Deam
deamdea
hehe
For a second I thought ninja was leaving
Was gonnastart cryin'n shit
Don't do that. :c
MadSurge: I take it you like the drawing? xD any critiques or anything?
Hai everypony
deamdeamd
dema
I can't critique, I wish I could do that well :O is that based on Darkstalkers? :D
o i know a curse for dis
cure.
brb
MisterBull82: ^
Wha? :O
not really.. the surrounding scenery was inspired of this epic painting I saw of the Greek Myth location of the Ellysian Fields
Ohai DerpyMuffins :3
Yo DerpyMuffins :)
Hello
how are things DerpyMuffins
sup Crusader
Alright alexxm
the sructures and everything has that Greek feel to it as well, and the cavernous opening just adds to it
nothing much I haven't been to a livestream eversince the livestream of the end of season 2 xD
MisterBull82: it's because there's a stage of that game that looks close to it
Demo
Demaa
i wub u <3
i haven't ever been to a livestream for MLP
i wub u 2 Mojay. <3
just youtube?
o u.
:>
MadSurge: really? what's the name of the game again? I could probably use it to draw inspiration
Sleep interupttion makes me feel drunk
interruption?
Pfffft. Sleep
sleep? wtf is that?
is there meant to be anything onscreen since all I'm seeing is it loading
Crusader, there's nothing streaming right now
kk
MisterBull82: http://img33.imageshack.us/img33/4026/11185926vr74pqkf.png here's the stage
Oh God tomorrow is the big day. It's going to be chaos
/me stirs
WHY IS THE CHILD HERE?
No not really, you can stay.
MisterBull82: it's Darkstalkers, think Street Fighter with classic monsters
/me Hugs Jmo "Jmmmmmoooooo" :3
MadSurge: oh my... it does have striking similarities to my artwork o_O but I've never seen this game before
MisterBull82: well your horsie statue is prettier :)
lol, its barely in the image as it is xD
but thanks
Wait if nothing is streaming and the movie isen't intill 10 hours why are their people here?
just for a good ol' mornin' chat
We talk about nothing Crusader
fair enough
xD
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 1 hours, 40 minutes, 0 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
this is currently a chat about nothing... a Sienfield inspired chat
My shorts are soaked.
Wat do Dema.
wat?
._.
o.O wat
whats seinfield?
How foward jaymoo.
a show about nothing
best sitcom
I jumped on the shower and turnt the cold water on full and jumped out
on? In
Is there a way to make xchat not tell me when people join the chat? I'm not seeing it in the settings... >.>
In hope to get rid of this sleep decay.
kk, Since I live in Australia it must not air here >_>
Which invented the modern sitcom format
ah...maybe
youtube it. xD
OH MY GOD ANOTHER AUSTRALIAN
Lol
WHERE ARE YOU FROM.
Western Australia Perth
ermahgerd australia!
Oh my god
I have a brother.
Suddenly Austrailian chat
it always was :P
I want to love you and squeeze you and call you Bob.
the pony thing is just a cover
I usually see more euros than aussies
can we have a stereotype australian then? how many of y'all wrestle crocs? xD
Finally another Perth person.
So many Strayans.
all of us, and we all reide kangaroos to work
Same time, don't share blood.
ride*
Do you box with the kangaroos too?
And carry a machete everywhere you go?
I'm a bit sterotypical Australian sinceI lived up north with in Karratha for 10 years
I liek your knike, mate
only if they take our beer
I carry a spoon.
And a boomerang?
knife*
Hold on, gotta go and fetch a few things from the mall for my mom. Cake mix, croikey!
I carry a Luger po8 everywhere I go ;)
I can only imagine how many people just googled that
Do you still live up north of Perth?
"that's not a knife, mate... this is a knife"
Lol
I live in Thornlie, Jmo do you live in Perth?
Aye
Awesome
what part?
Down south
Mandurah area
in the hills?
Near the ocean.
nice
must be lovely
i feel so lonley on the east of australia -__-
Boo hoo
Now you feel my pain, d3rb.
There's too many frekin Victorians
did you go to thatmulticultural fair today they where having in south perth? I bought some Texas style hot sauce
vic is the best though
Hi.
Na, didn't hear about that
I lived in a condo right off the florida coast for about a month.. twas a very pleasant lil setting
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-skoEZrf2m48/UJwj8rVtNVI/AAAAAAABBVQ/UjWihqsIY2o/s1600/1.JPG LOL
hey Pinkielover123
*raises hand*
hey pinkie
Season 3 is out tomrrow.
Tennesseeian here
Ninjazz, I'll be straight forward all I want
and you'll like it.
right on the border of Alabama
I'm watching it here and on TV,
poor misterbull, he's alone :(
you've no idea
Yup confusing day for me.
why?
What I meant was, you asking Dema what to do with your wet shorts seemed rather out of nowhere, jaymoo. ._.
Yeah well
I needed advice.
Gaaaah, how do I disable join messages? D:
They're still soaked at that.
blowdry em xD
Everything is derpish this morning.
You have a poit.
point.
why is it derpish?
Jmo: Poit? Zort?
(>'__')>
"Everything is queer today" - from Alice in Wonderland
wat.
poit? zort?
NARF!
Narf. That rings a bell.
Pinky and the Brain
movie night is how to train your dragon?
Oh god
Pinky and the brain.
Poit was one of Pinky's words. XD
I'm in.
What shall we do tonight.
The same thing we do every night Jmo...
TRY TO TAKE OVER THE WORLD!!!
WE SHALL TAKE OVER THE WORLD
let's watch really crappy movies and make fun of them
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0Jlxw1Vc0E
I miss that show.
Best intro ever
besides mlp
It comes on where i live.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CWnWwN1z_UM&feature=related
*need to see*
best. series. ever
omg
Where Is Robot Jones?
who is robot jones?
anyway.. Crusade: again, Youtube's your very best friend ^-^ they have thousands of clips from MST3K
I'm watching it right now :D
but I'll do that tommorow in the day
Pound Puppies.
dunno
I like the remake better.
any you would recommend?
I like them both, personally.. but Mike takes the cake
as in episodes
I return from blowing my pants.
I really need to read what I type.
Blaming this on you Ninjazz.
CLOWN
wat
Crusade: see: The Touch of Satan, Manos; the Hands of Fate; Red Zone Cuba
You always blame me for your pants related shinanigans, jaymoo. :>
kk
I'm writting them down xD
O:
O U
and there's a whole bunch of other episodes I cant name off hand
oh wait!
yes?
So when is marathon?
marathon
is
10AM EST
thankyou for giving me something to do :D
lol, np ^^
also have you seen red dwarf?
Bloody smeg head.
yes I have.. merathoned it a while back on Netflix
/me Throws muffins everywhere
also saw it during my childhood
Wolf's Rain.
watched it before Monty Python's Flying Circus
late late at night
on some channel
ermagerd
Scoot-Scootaloo,
hm...
I used to watch it when I was in year 8 at school I would come back and watch it since we had it all on DVD
or it might have been after Monty Python... hmm.. *shrugs*
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CpeqXTnRe18
shit, mods, CHEESE IT
mods?
who are the mods?
HIDE THE DRUGS.
Lol
all the folk with the @ by their names
Hide Ninjazz.
quick eat them!
/me eats Ninjazz
Calm down.
Ninjazz is a drug.
This is NOT my fetish.
woah man....
LOl
My mind set isn't in the right place tonight.
SCOOTALOOO
that Ninjazz tastes like sounds
what's not your fetish? blowdrying shorts?.. wait, where were we again?
LOL
Ninjazz,
you should probably sit down or something, d3rb. like srsly.
Oh shit.
WHAT HAVE I DONE?!
Holy crap who is the mate?
Oh.
Dat Scoot-Scootaloo
I want u Ninjazz <3
i am, i am one with the chair man
Buffer.
Hola Scoot-Scootaloo!
I'm ok with this because it always happens with me.
the pleasantries of living on my own: my recliner IS my throne xD
i want a recliner
I want an automatic wheel-chair with rims.
I was buffering,now i see nothing.
Dey see me rolllin
Dey b haaatin'
and they say we bronies all live in our mother's basements.. Not I!
big 25" spinnerz
^^^^^^
They see me mowin'.
Define mowin.
>>
for me? 8:42.. other time zones will vary
My front lawn.
Applejack sword.
I lol'd
Your front lawn.
kk thanks
its 5.45 pacific time
Ok buffer again.
Awesome sword, is it sharpend?
Oi Scoot-Scootaloo, you gonna be doin' something?
o==][=========> mine is
Can someone help me?
with what?
I keep buffering.
Dat Sylandest.
Like dayum.
how can I help?
no one is streaming atm Pinkielover123
i think...
there's nothing to stream :P of course its gonna show its buffering
morning, everypony :)
Haai sexy.
Oh...
:>
g'day Sylandest
oh hai Jmo, d3rb
Gday Sylandest
/me huggles Jmo
howdy Crusader :)
Oh huggles, now we're getting somewhere.
Well when scoot-scootaloo was doing something i was buffering.
You gotta start sloow~
;D
I used to buffer... the floors at Wal Mart
First huggles, next the bedroom.
Shizzam.
Dayum, that lightning slow.
Jmo: oh, you know it :D
Look who's talking, you can't even make it to the bedroom.
wut
my god, you two! this is a chat about My Little Poni, an yer talkn dirty :O what will the childen think?!?
meh
I'm phasing between the hallways and taking the first step.
Jmo: I can too! I woke up there this morning...I think.
Not my fault I woke up with the wrong mind set.
LOL
I was talking about Ninjazz
You can make it there fine Sylandest
ooooh
yay~
I know dat, cause we been der.
;D
chat is now Ninjazz chat
NOoooooooooooooooo.
NO
chat is now a spiderman chat. post spiderman
no...its Ninjazz , spiderman has had his turn before
no
ponies
it went for 5 hours and was very entertaining
post ponies
I need pictures, pictures of spiderman!
aye, but we dont have silly images of Ninjazz frolicking around in a silly tight suit
hey! :)
I got more thent hat.
:>
...I would laugh my ass off if we had that
And you won't GET PICTURES.
howdy DaringDerpy :)
onry for jaymoo.
Jmo: pls share?
o u.
XD
For a price.
<
<3
name it~
I promised not to publish these pictures
Dinner, movie, date and bedroom.
Done.
hi alexxm!
LOVE TWIST
Oh yeah.
LOVE PUNCH
dat kick
Hey look I found Ninjazz
That's how you get things done.
Should I dress nice, casual?
http://www.google.com.au/imgres?q=spiderman+pony&um=1&hl=en&sa=X&biw=1366&bih=667&tbm=isch&tbnid=Sq-F_cuLZ_FiKM:&imgrefurl=http://forum.primalcarnage.com/viewtopic.php%3Ff%3D49%26t%3D294%26start%3D1010&docid=z5uwKjpiS0gPmM&imgurl=http://a5.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/418367_389772997703117_100000112609174_1749231_295706687_n.jpg&w=384&h=286&ei=2AmdUOD9O8nNrQfGzYHYDw&zoom=1&iact=hc&vpx=1065&vpy=155&dur=758&hovh=1
o.o
dat wall
LOL
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 1 hours, 9 minutes, 39 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
it's time
Imma break it.
<3Sylandest4eva
AAH! Wall of text!
/me Breaks wall text
my dates always end up differently.. restaraunt, and later, alone: computer
That's not me.
Crusader: use derpy.me for long links
Jmo: <3 wubs~
I don't go "HA HA. TIME FOR PONIES"
<3333
kk
I go "Finally, time for Rarity."
And that children, is how I met your mother.
FINALLY, TIME FOR *gets shot*
MisterBull82: you are doing something wrong
MEEEEYTYAAAAAAL! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ol6rpgJGf8&list=FLAViXIrbp86kg5lvVfFdQuQ&index=2&feature=plpp_video
GOooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
wat
MisterBull82, shot glass?
background music
DaringDerpy: so it may seem.
Hi everypony lol
not bad, Vordox
Hiiiiii
Jmo: I am teh mother?
Ave, Rainboom.
hi Rainboom :)
howdy Rainboom
Yeah you are.
yesh
:>
<--- Scandinavian = Metal Lover
G'day Rainboom
Hi rainboom.
Vordox: If only.
I like turtles... and so should you
Kammerjunk: By Thor, you lackluster rune.
sorry I like ponies too much to have time for turtles
MisterBull82: I liek turtles .-.
Vordox: Alas, most people around here don't like any kind of metal.
test
no one has bad feelings against turtles
I like rammstein
Vordox: That's what I get for living close to the capital, I guess.
and painkiller metal
ROMMSTAIN
I just like painkillers.
/me likes funeral doom metal
Kammerjunk: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSVBcm_BZRs IN YOUR FACE, EAT SOME METAL
I like trains
Crusader: You mean that german band?
HERE
EAT THESE PONIES!
nomnomnom
ponies? bah! "My Little Turtle; Shells are Protection" makes that silly show about equines look like Barney the Dinosaur]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-CvWBSYOwM
Vordox: Hey, I do like metal. I'm just saying, most people around where I live don't.
yeah
Kammerjunk: THEN THEY ARE NOT TRUE SWEDES
shells are overrated
Chicken, made out of real bloody chicken.
Correct, they're Danes.
Can ye blieve it?
Oh
Danes
No wonder, to ocloset o France.
Sissies
And then that moment of realization.
Denmark is a strange country. I can't decide whether or not I like it.
castlevania sounds really good on guitar
its way to sunny outside
what about the danes?
DaringDerpy: which tune?
OH FECK YEAh
THE song I linked
IT has MLP AND METALLICA
from german perspective....denmark is mostly coasts and cattle
guys
MisterBull82: the link Vordox gave
daringderpy are you german?
Well, we're mostly cattle and farms.
alrighty
And with farms, I just mean farmland.
operation : convertion
its starting!
Crusader: yes
Awesome
operation convention?
yes
no
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 1 hours, 3 minutes, 14 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
SOON.
convection? yes, more air
maybe?
Aaaanyway
meh...we need to accelerate time
GAAASSSSPPPP! yay...
what does !cd mean?
Time for me to go!
I have a 24 hour work now!
Crusader: Countdown.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dchiYx5Hzo
Huh. So it airs at 1am for me.
LAST LINK FOR ME! Good day sirs!
suddenly fluttershy
fluttershy is third best pony
Wait what is going on with the stream?
suddenly TREE
...somepony is trying to put us to bed
Not sure about the voice.
Fluttershy is my 3rd favorite :D
Yeah I am.
;)
No.. wait... SUDENLY TOM!!!!
Go away, I'm not sleepy.
Wait, yes I am.
HA. Joke's on you. I'm already in bed.
Dat Fluttershy picture.... MY HEART!
GO TO BED O_O
Stream is telling us to go to bed. ._.
it's 14:58 here...what are you doing in bed?
nooo, not sleepy nope
Scoot-Scootaloo, But I just got up an hour ago! D:
bed is for the weak
But it's morning here! D:
go to bed? its almost 9 in the morning here
My day just STARTED
bed is for the sleepy
Body clock is fubar ¬_¬
Ponies47, go to school.
Scoot-Scootaloo, you go to bed >:3
lolnah
school? I left college in 2002 xD
Something has happen3ed that is making me a much happier brony today.
But it's 3 PM here!
Equestria Daily has no nightly roundup tonight, How will I get my fix of seeing brony cakes? :(
Jmo, Don't have to be there till 10:00 this week. It's only 7:58 :P
I can't sleep at 3 PM!
God damn it.
Two hours.
Sure you can!
Who's streaming?
Yeah, I guess you're right.
Scoot-Scootaloo: Ita Op? =3
Scoot is.
Jmo, Yup. Two hours more of dealing with my (squee) :P
Gotta sync up anyway for the new ep
hi everyone :)
yo
Hey Lil_B!
Hi Lil_B :3
howdy Lil_B :)
Hii Lil_B! :)
hey Lil_B
Will just have to use Sylandest and Ninjazz for the next two hours.
Hi! Kencolt is a MUCH happier brony this fine fine morning!
/me picks up Lil_B in a friendly gesture.
G'day Lil-B
/me hugs MadSurge Ponies47 Sylandest Rainboom and d3rb , because I wasn't here yesterday :)
Jmo: I can last much longer~
I prefer to be used for justice, jaymoo.
/me huggles Lil_B back
Omai ;D
awesome Kencolt , why the good mood?
Because I've been allowed to use Denture Adhesive now! I may be able to eat!
da fuk
I remember when I loved Zebra cakes
he has friends
I can be used for anything and everything
We'll just label it as justice Ninjazz.
Ninjazz oh?
OMG, I remember those pies
in a dinosaur :D
aww Kencolt , you got braces?
Kencolt, why do you do this?!
NC
Ha ha. Commercials. Commercials are for people who watch TV.
and thanks Crusader :)
d3rb: No. DENTURES. Monsay they took every toth out of my head. I'm the old guy, remmeber?
Kammerjunk: what about the 80's commercial junkies?
Lil_B, oh.
No problem, how are you doing?
I hated it when I had braces. ._.
LOLWUT
wtf thes cats on this ad that is blocking my screenm
Jmo, yay placebo.
MisterBull82: They qualify too.
screen8
lol
screen*
i dont get time to be on during the week nymore
in this one future movie, the mainstream was an old commercial junkie
After these messages
sylvester stallone and this woman
... man I miss my old commercialls :(
APPLEJACK
I'm 55 come the 13th. I walk with a cane, have a damaged nervous system, and remember things that freak out even the mods. Dentures were inevitable.
Applejack! >_>
lol applejacks
Applejack where what ho
<.<
brb
>.>
lil_B: Youtube 80's comercials... thank me later
I'm not gonna say that.
I would make a joke about eating Applejack, but it'd hardly be appropriate.
wut
The Applejacks Test?
We just do!!!
lolwut
lol
nice
I thought applejack were an alcoholic beverage
Well I'm going to bed, Good night everybody I'll be here tommorow night :D
Night Crusader
MisterBull82 but I grew up in germany during the 90's :P
Applejack 94.
AppleJack's '94?
Sounds like a game.
lol 94
wtf is a bed? is it a chair.. at a computer?
Applejacks 94 was a magical summer
Applejack's '94
Has this guy done anything new lately?
Sylandest knows what a bed is.
Applejack is 94?
don't remember 94
Jmo: Indeed I do. I'm waiting on yours~
lol, no prob
Omai.
POPPLES!!!
;D
daww
I dont remember this ad...
Nostalgia, oh lord...
I always wanted a Popple when I was a kid. ._.
must've missed it
"Who's a silly pony? You is! Applejack."
I still have these.
this makes you the king of the soccer field
Dat awkward moment when you kick a soccerball and you realize its a bat dog bear thing.
LOL
You guys have freaky ads in the US :/
LOL
Fluffeh~ <33
I dont know what the fuck this kid is on, but i want some :D
Gooood morning BronyState
/me nuzzles AttackWithHugs
And chat is now stream. Time to lurk.
That kid is fucking high
This ad is strange.
morning AttackWithHugs :)
hey AttackWithHugs
Top o' the mornin'
Jaaymoo~
i wub u fluffeh.
goooooood day AttackWithHugs :)
Drugs in the cookies
:>
Aww yeah, Crossfire.
/me nuzzles Jmo "I wub u tew"
This scared me when i was a kid.
...I never actually played Crossfire.
I remember this!
there's a stream going on? o.o I detatched the chat and closed the stream window to clear up some memory
Never played it...
good old times
Obviously, he's never seen BeyBlade.
Hi Sylandest, d3rb, and Lil_B. Who's streaming?
don't let the balls touch
AttackWithHugs: not sure, actually
hi AttackWithHugs
Scoot-Scootaloo is.
XD
Hi DaringDerpy
oh god
Che!
OMG I REAMBER THIS
Hai Scoot-Scootaloo~
dude, so much
1-900?
oh hai Scoot-Scootaloo
today thay have internet chats for everything
Yo what's up?
ITS OFFICIAL SANTAS PHONE NUMBER!
I did this.
<---- I LOVE how they was legal
Frauds ALL OVER THE PLACE
Damnit USA
/me hugs Scoot-Scootaloo
hello Scoot-Scootaloo
/me hugs back
Scoot-Scootaloo: Tests this morning. Wish me luck? :D
back
Vordox I have a question
....oh dear...
haha
Eww...
LOL
o.o
Good luck Sylandest! May Twilight Sparkle grant you knowledge~
ROfl.
xD
rofl
Lil_B: ?
Scoot-Scootaloo: yaaaay, ty :)
internets did that to you
Vordox about the general Gamedesign of a Game xD
OMG I remember this commercial!
Lil_B: I will try :P
Ohai Scoot-Scootaloo :)
Vordox what do you think about Deadly Premonition?
I don't remember thid.
Lil_B: Haven't played it
*This
LOL
Vordox not even seen Fraser play it?
just eat your fucking cereal
dude, nintendo cereal
where the buck
was this
Lil_B: Nope
wat.
Cereal?
I'd eat internet the cereal
I'd eat Internet: The Cereal.
I'd buy Internet Cereal
Megabytes!
goddammit
I bet it sold well
Why we no have this?!
I'd eat it.
Internet cereal
O.O
'you won the internet' has a new meaning
........
Circus midgets.
Internet Cereal : Free Rule 34 Picture Inside!
lol
LOL
Vordox I say it like this, this is a unique game, and I would reccomend for you to check it out, I bet 10$ you'll like it
LOL
Heman!
Lil_B: Is it like Walking Dead? :P
lol, cups
Cups?
Cups...
CUPS
CUP.
Haha
its a real shame that the Nastalgia Critic is no more :(
Cup Swords.
Oh nostalgia
Daaamn.
Um... what??
lol cup swords
Watching these adverts is making me feel old aha
Burger King.
jebus.
when your common metal swords aren't enough
plastic cups
I... remember.... cups. Some of the old Star Wars cups sell in the thousands.
wtf?
MOVE
Vordox no, you are an FBI agent, and you have to investigate a streek of murdures in a small town
LOOOL
Lil_B: Oh LA Noire
dude, kid
PFFT lol XD
Vordox no, not like this
that kid is a jerk
Kid calm down.
oh hai Roseluck`
yay!
I'm back and..........NOSTALGIA CRITIC!!!!!!!!
lets move!
hi Roseluck`
Haha
AHHHHHHHHHRERRRRG
TODAY'S MY LUCKY DAY!
:[
They sold the HARD HAT?
BAKE! wait.. what?
Engineer Sets : Teaching kids to scream at each other.
oh hai there DaringDerpy~
dude, Transformers
Transformers.
Morph before your eyes.
Vordox trust me, it's unique, maybe check Frasers playthrough, it's one of his best ones
Robots in your eye.
Transformers
This is the 1st Commercial special, right? Who is streaming?
Lil_B: mbe :p
Xmen was better.
Transformers : When Megatron turned into a gun and shot Starscream in the face.
ahahah
OH SHIT
XD
:O
OH MY GOD
LOL
satan
KILL YOUR FAMILY
i was into Transformers G2 BEAST WARS
awww, he's adorable
wtf
Haha
;~;\
Who is streaming Ponies47?
OMG I WUB THIS GAME
I love this game
Scoot is.
drunken connect four always makes a mess
Dark92Enigma, Scoot-Scootaloo
Yay Connect Four ^^
I played this game all the time
yh Dark92Enigma - BW was the thing
Vordox and the way he talkes to the player as his imaginary Friend, I know you have little time atm, but ... but... DO EEET
Forsooth!
forsooth?
XD
dkfbgdsjfhbs
Forever!
Wow.
Frodo
for frodo
For Ev VER!
Pinkie: FOREVER
FOR-EV-ER!
wow
FOR. E. VER.
For Pony
Ohai.
Oh god these things.
:D
Cha Cha Cha CHIA!~
I want 20
I have this...
Chiapets ;~;
Chia Pets
CHIA PET!...........
Thats a little disturbing
I never had one
WHAT!?
I REMEMBER THIS <..-
Chia Pets is really boring.
awesome
Fluffy... dog pony thing?
....
I remember them
Light a grown Chia Pet on fire.
Tree?
And PONIES
XD
no pony chia. Sad face.
I wonder what happens.
well, I'd prefer the trees over the others
TREE = PONY = FLUTTERSHY SEEMS LEGIT.
A Fluttershy? :D
So.
rofl, chai paint
*chia
BUBU-BU-BU-BULLSHIT!!!!!!!
BUH BUH BUH BULLSHIT
XD
YES
hello everyone
THIS GUY
Micromachines!
Dude.
GO FASTER
OH MY GOD I STILL HAVE THIS\
I HAVE MICROMACHINES!
Wow take a breath.
they were my uncles!
Dat voice
More coke
Sonic in a nutshell.
DAT Micromachines guy :D
i have that one!
the boat! ZOMG!
Speed.
an d that city~!
What is he saying?
XD
LOL
HOLY SHIT! NOSTALGA!~
yatzee was his best student
...
Lol'd
Pinkielover123: i wish i knew
Wat
LMAO
wtf
DAT AUDIOBOOK
XD
lol
*SPLAT*
Boom!
you dont understand, i have those toys!
:D
HE'S MAKING MY MIND EXPLODE HELP ME
/me wants micromachines guy audio book now
:D
That's after the MY PET MONSTER review <--------
I hated this stuff.
lawl
WE WANT ECTO-COOLER BACK!
Banned by the fda
That stuff was HORRIBLE.
MOST OF US*
lol
Oh god
lawl
UGHH
boring idiot toys...but the commercials are cool
Not anymore :D}
Guys
GUYS
hm?
I just realized that tomorrow is PONIES.
Ahahaah
yay
IFDreebs: yes!!!!!!!
TOMORROW. IS. PONIES.
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 0 hours, 43 minutes, 50 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
Ewww ponies :|
IFDreebs: ONE. DAY.
Banana water slide thingy.
WET BANANA! :D
Pony pOny poNy ponY
/me is a fan of wet bananas
HAH
:3
banana lair
IS THAT MOM ON THE WET BANANA?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IddP8AAIGTQ
LMAO!!!
MOOOOM
MOM!
MOM
Why would you wana watch Ponies with these awesome adverts? :p
xD
:D
mom on my wet banana~
XD
the whole city could burn down and get overrun by zombies...don't care...ponies
Get off my wet banana! XD
GET OFF MY WEY BANANA!
WET*
No video links, please~
wat.
Fraggle Rock!!!
oh god
fraglerock
Fraggle Rock!
chat is so weird without the stream XD
lol
Fraggle Rock.
what the fragle fuck?
oh my god
WHAT THE
might hurt some women :D
I wanted those books as a kid. ._.
Thanks to this,twilight started reading.
NOOOOO
kill this.
Lol.
No, No, No, No,
KILL IT!
AGH
XD
FUUU-
NO
Wow.
.... wtf?
FUUUUUUUU~
pedo doll
Eww.
DOLL PISS
BURN IT WITH FIRE!
this is how fetishes start
bitch was dehydrated
wat.
Lol Rainboom aren't our names close.
Looks self contained...
MAGIC POTTY BABY
eww.
OMG MY SISTER HAD ONE OF THOSE DOLLS
Rainbow: Lol yes thats why ppl do tab fail alot
Then he sings a boring song.
lawl
INB4 Critic's Lament
Rainboom Lols.
dat music
we learned from our experience
lol
Dat sad music :<
D'awwwwwwww :'(
awwwww
ahaha
LOL XD
...
neeeerd
real tears, bro.. real tears
XD
OvvO
few moments later.. SHUT UP OCTAVIa!
Sat music is sad.
NEEEEEEEEEEEERD!!!!!!!!!!!!
Might I ask? What video is this, I want to watch it again?
such hope~
sad*
HA! Dumb and Dumber!
; - ;
T_T
he needs a hug
Wat.
also, otakon has AMAZING facial hair, and you should tell him about it!
Rainboom: It's the Nostalgia Critic reviewing commercials.
;~;
/me donates a pony
/me But I never intended this bullshit. Never! /And nobody really understood. Well, how could they?
lol.
LOL tab fail
LMAO
Wrong pony.
Dramatic critic
EVIL
Derp.
/me That all I ever wanted was to bring them something great! Why does nothing ever turn out like it should?
song inc
he has a very culturned house
go Dark92Enigma go!
dat musical number
WELL WHAT THE HECK?
lol
o.o
Rose: Like bacteria?
Rainbow and Rainboom, partners in confusing people.
Yush lol
lol
yes pony_4162, i see what you did there :3
Now, someone make their nickname Rainbowm.
:D
LOL
He's adorable
Lol.
/me And I just can’t wait until my next review, ‘Cause I got some new ideas that I really want to do! And my God, I’m gonna give it all my might!
How cute.
dude could totally be a va for a Dr Sues movie
Rainbowm.
THE GHOST DOG.
OH OH
Rainbowm
his first musical sequence
Derp.
This is great. XD
sandy claws the east coast
...
And last i hope
Boombow.
LOL
XD
lawl
Rainrain
Jesus?
XD
:D
XD
jesus
I just spat my drink
Lol.
XD
:D
Wut.
/me HELLO......HELLO.....I'm The Nostalgia Critic, HELLO HELLO, I'm The Nostalgia Critic........
Lol.
knowing is half the battle
MLP
YAAY
MY LITTLE PONY
MLP
:D
poni? poni.
Did I just see a gun in his hand
No Rainboom.
Dat ABC commercial break
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK
You know... we are a fucked up community.
My little pony, My little Pony, Isn't this world a lovely place.
didn't know they don't make these anymore
LOL
She still has cars.
Everywhere you go, a smiley face.
Sylandest: i couldn't copy/paste more.....the song was too fast
Annnnd I'm done.
Dark92Enigma: Still, well done :)
lawl
Barbies crack mobile
I just started noticing that.
Wait, wasn't that a pencil sharpener?
>->
LOL
THIS IS A MANS CAR!
:D
lo
I never thought about that. XD
wow!
BARBEH.
WOW...
WOW!!!!!!
I'm distracting myself from studying by watching this! :$
BBQ.
WOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wow
Wow
THIS IS A MAN'S CAR -----> .
WOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1111111111111111111111111111111
mrow
Oh dear...
...
He man.
wat
I'M BATMAN! (WOW!)
CALL HEE MAN!!!!
Sylandest: studying at pony weekend? good luck!
1-900 He-Man and She-Ra.
now do Pinkie!
;~;
I'd call He-Man.
DAT 1-900 number
CALL HEE MAN'S SEX HOTLINE NAOW
Haha.
Lol that reminded me, I have a play on monday/tuesday. Thank Sylandest.
If you catch my drift
DaringDerpy: Tests today, day off tomorrow so I can see the premiere :)
lol
I GOT PARENT'S PERMISSION
XD
Rainbow: you're welcome :)
I GOT PARENT PERMISSION!!!!
I HAVE PERMISSION
Lols.
in this case, turn this thing off, Sylandest
I HAVE PERMISSION!!!!!
I HAVE PERMISSON
DaringDerpy: never!
now!
Its going to be like 9 am when movienight is on for me...
I HAVE PERMISSION!!1
AND PERMISSION!!!!!!!!!
Yep.
THERE IT IS <----
DERPY
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 0 hours, 35 minutes, 25 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
wut the.
FUCKING BUBBLES
bubbles!
OMG BUBBLES
Is it a season 3 premiere or jst regular movienight?
FUCKING BUBBLES!
Bucking bubbles!
lol
WHERE DID YOU GET DOES BUBBLES
ahaha
*THOSE
Giant bubbles are AWESOME!!!
FUCK THAT SHIT! THIS KID HAS BUBBLES!!!!!!
BUBBLES
BUBBLES <3
fucking bubbles man
Pulsating, gigiling, huge bubbles
bitches love bubbles
25 HOURS AND 35 MINUTES TILL PREMIERE
9 hours, 36 minutes.
Bubble Things
Oh....
i love bubbles
So its tommorow.
Huzzah fluffeh.
But... What are Bubbles without Blossom and Buttercup? FAIL.
Changey things
Me thinks AttackWithHugs is excited :P
Yep
bubble Thing.....
Army stuff.
AttackWithHugs: ONE. DAY. :$
Changey things
Welp, It will be on a saturday for me.
CHANGELINGS
Bucking bubbles!
/me FUCKING BUBBLES!!!!!!!!!!
Bucking Fubbles!
MadSurge: *cue Dawn of the Final Day screen*
....my god, phone call all the things
Da fuck is that thing?
Rainboom D:
This part is my fave.
MORE CALL NUMBERS
*D:
Meh.
976-7777
Ponies47, I am excited but I have to miss ittttttt
7777.
the puppets are in your head
:D
ahahah
XD
Mr Herbert
/me doesn't think pedophiles are funny...
O_O
OH GOD
HERBERT!
lol
xD
AttackWithHugs, What! NUUUUUUU ;A;
XD
:D
SEEEEGAAAA
afterburner!
/me shivels into a pool of unhappy scaredness.
I dunno.
Wreck-It-Ralph.
HOLY MOLY! IT MUST BE MY BIRTHDAY
ahah
LOL
hahah
Ponies47, my sister's friend's weddint is the 10th. I raged fierce when I found out the premiere was gonna air on the 10th
God Pinkielover123 I wanna see that.
IT'S AFTERBURNER, HULKSTER! :[
buffering.... fuck you internet
dem graphics
IT'S AFTERBURNER!
I've already seen it.
XD
ha
Afterburner
lol
AttackWithHugs, I'm so sorry to here dat :<
BUT THE SYSTEM WILL NOT
Woops wrong console.
where did this come from?
Istill have my Gebnisis and Sega CD... womewhere...
XD
Ponies47 I knooooow :< I sad
Gebnisis?
yaa
who still has their furbee?
/me Hugs AttackWithHugs
Gebnisis.
It's a rope... on a stick.
Trolled.
Saega Gebnisis
WHORE!!!!!!! :[ :D
the one that would wake you up in the middle of the night
Genisis. Sorry, haven't slept in 36 hours.
She's a manic.
I want a Gebnisis.
Hopefully I'll be back home Sunday evening *hugs and cries into Ponies47's shoulder*
when you JUST wanna show off! (Trixie anyone?)
Meh.
Sayga Jebnesis
SHE'S A MANIAC
i had a furbee
Rainboom: just my thought
Kencolt, yo are just providing moar lolz.
OH MY GOOOOOOODDDD
Rainboom: I am not imagining Trixie using a Skip Stik.
YOU FUCKING LITTLE SHOWOFF
AttackWithHugs: http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/4896d9aa11c8d5f4ae1d3f4d49a46819.png :$
:O
xd
Why THIS wasn't popular as well? <-----
XD
im okay with this idea
MadSurge, ;~;
I am now imagining*
DINO RIDERS!
Wow.
lol
SPACE DINOSAURS IN SPAAAAAACE
confusing emotions?
Lol.
dinosaurs with rocket launchers and lasers...I'm ok with this
Damn girls and their confusing emotions :'(
The Evil ROULARD? He's a villanous flat-beaten steak rolled about a filling and braised for hours?
MadSurge, oooooh
awwww
OH.MY.GOD.
Those toys, so 90s nastalga.... from toys...
DAT JURASSIC PARK 2 CALLBACK
XD
BUNNEH
:D
OH COME ON!!!
id call the rabbit
Dat bunny :3
Its Angel
Angel?!
Lol.
TABLE
I would call him D:
KIMBA!
Tableh.
little toaster who could
table adventures
Table-bro! Yaaaay!
More like losing legs.
brave little toaster
I love Kimba! :3
I'd call the table
rock rockstone :3
1-900-IM-A-FUCKING-TABLE
coming up next; call door knob
Kimba, Simba, Kimba, Kimbra.
I dn know the difference.
*dun
LOL
cuz thats no fun
Because he wants FRED'S cereal! D:<
Of course.
once in a while~
who goes to the grocery?
BOX
Good point.......BUT THAT'S BUSINESS
Me.
cerial stealer
lol
dat intervention
I always asked the same question about the Trix Rabbit! I mean, if the Rabbit BUYS the trix, then the kids can be arested for theft when they take it from him.
^
clams. Their currency is clams
I wold love to trade one of my boring and stressful schoolsdays for a day in Bedrock.
not dollars
*would
Gold_Demona: shhhhh
Why not just buy stuff!
Heres one thing I always noticed: KIDS AND/OR THE MASCOTS NEVER SHARE IN THE CEREAL COMMERCIALS
My U button is being a poo.
U SHARE
Gold_Demona: just like BC :3
U CARE
:D
Lol.
BECAUSE IT HAS YOUR WIFE'S BOX IN IT! :D
XD
You gotta share.
You gotta care.
U gotta CARE U gotta SHARE.
...
LOLOLOL
Ummmm
Killers.
:O
TROLOLO
IS THIS SOME KIND OF CUREL JOKE <----
Is that a blendtek?
sadist
TORTURE
Poor whatever the hell they are!
Yes, it's a Curel Joke.
OH MY GOD
LOOOOL
I REMEMBER THIS
Tootsie pop!
HOLY CRAP
O_O
Mr. Tank
I LOVE THIS
Tootise pops!
i remember this from the late 90's
THIS COMMERCIAL IS NOT FOR CLAUSTROPHOBIC ONES
yesh!
It still comes on.
I still see this!
and early 2000's
ONE OF MY FAVORITES <---
TROLOLOLOLO
THREE/
Yeah.
Why is he naked?
Tootsie Owl, the original trol.
xDD
Good point
:D
the boy. he likes turtles
:D
O_O
Guam, tweh, tree.
I can see your junk
LOL
XD
Terminator Owl
Dat Terminator
Luna Game in a nutshell.
OH GOD.
Well, students at the Swarthmore College concluded that the median is 144 licks.
HOWL-INATOR
/me Shivers
PINKIE NO
Over 5000 I think
NOOOOOOO
Why.. ;-;
worked
Sorry, had to pause it
bust out the stanky leg
LOL
Do the arches! :D
Actually, a group at MIT built an automated licking machine to find out how many licks, IIRC.
a date? LETS GO TO MCDONALDS!!!
But it's really vague. Cambridge got 3481 licks, Purdue got 364 licks.
MMMMMMMMMMMMcdonalds.
MIT students....
lolwut
ahah
HAha
.-.
Wut
Dem arches.....
\o/
MONKEY
lol
MONKEY
Golden Arches.
MONKEY
dat water world reference
A MONEKEY
1 moar day!!!
lol
MONKEY*
MAKEY
Zelda...
A rap song?
Zelda!!
ah.. um.. er.. um.. err... ah... um... M
....
THE ZELDA RAP :D
No.....
What.
Rose: that was Mario bros the movie
um
No.
no
Just no.
There are two horrible Zelda raps.
That's like giving MARIO a rap-----wait
just, no.
take this, zelda fans!
This one.
real rap song
He doesn't need a rap.
NO! GO BACK TO THE OTHER RAP
Woops.
GREEN EGS AND HAM
IT'S PARTY TIME
its not even that its bad
EGGS*
Got kicked for quick messgaes.
lol XD
ahahahahaha
lolwot
ahah
that face
Umm.
o_o
/me facepalmed
Dat faec.
dude
fits
wat
dat face
face
ahaha
Japan..... nuf said
LOL
XD
PRINCESS
:D
/me Excuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuse me, PRINCESS!!!!!!!! :D
Dark92Enigma: just a tad bit off
Why can't we do this weird things anymore?
Well EXCUUUUUUUSEEE ME PRINCESS
oh god
this is evil
YES
UM
Lol, everyone is liike 3 seconds ahead of me..
HOLY SHIT
WHAT THE
WTF!?!
SQUASH THEM
ooooh
;~;
i got an ad D:
THOSE POOR THINGS.
KILL THEM
BEST GAME EVER LOL
lol Grape escape ! I remember that! XD
its like a guro fetish started kit
TORTURE THEM
Sylandest: since we're on different time slots, i couldn't tell :D
KILL EM KILL EM!
dem sound effects
Dark92Enigma: :D
I want that game now
Guess Who!
guess who is awesome
GIVES YOU POWAAAAAAAAH
I had this game! lol XD
0-0
even better drunk
"Is he black"?
never played it
Guess who? ITS BARNEYYY
GUess who!
My Mom and i played it-----
There's so much rip offs of this game.
is he an illegal alien?
AHAHa
D'aww, theres a baby moth chilling on my hand..
Its so tineh.
lol
Is he a stalker?
imagine if it gets back? <------
Haha
does he look like a bitch
:D
XD
does he?
DOES HE LOOK LIKE A BITCH?
Rainbow: aww
is he a neckbeard?
the GUESS WHO game <-----
ahahaha
LOL
ENGLISH MOTHERFUCKER
Its so tiny, and fluffleh...
Ooo
lol
animal cards
Aw, he flew away.
...I prefer he-man plastic sword cups
Sylandest: me too.....
xD
Buger King = The most worst kids meal place.
CORN POPS
1 out of 5
Enviromental Pokemon.
uh-oh
Booger King?
lol Oh geez, I'd forgotten about these. XD
MY OC LOVES CORN POPS
Hungry Jacks.
dat jaws theme
o_o
these kids always seem ready to kill for the cereal
corn nuts?
right
Buger King in Australia = Hungry Jacks.
Why do they want corn pops so bad?
see u in 24
yup, Rainboom
Wrong Pony?
:D
TAB fail lol
It's just corn pops.
Lol.
This is like us and our ponies
/me YOU are tearing me APART, CORN POPS!!!!!!!!! :[
ahaha
NO YOU DON'T
There goes the 5th tab fail between me and Rainbow lol
HIGH and low.
I gotta have my pops D:<
Lol.
Oh god these scared me.
Sylandest, So true. GOTTA HAVE MY PONIES! (Laughs like complete nutjob)
Dat Exorcist face
Ponies47: :$
Rainboom and Rainbow are at it again.
Fruit snacks! ^^
creepy as hell
Yay
Kencolt: you meant Stephen......but you're right
umm
/me still likes fruit snacks
CREPY FAEC
AHAHAHAHAHAHA
Fluttershy..? You ok there?
OOOOOHHOHOHOHOHOHO
:<
OH GOD.
Hold me! ;A;
dat CREEPY FACE.....
That face is the stuff of nightmares
Now inverse colours.
:O
I'm scared
:D
Dark92Enigma: hold me
oh god why
Great.
RAEP FACE
:<[
OOOOOOOH.
:D
grapist trees?
oh god
no
Now i'm going to have nightmares.
HAha
Grapists.
you're TEARING ME APART FRUIT TREE!!!!
.......
pedo tree vs rapist tree
This movie.
Was horrible.
/me holds Sylandest
:D
...
the bmn movies look decent today
disney is at least better than rapist trees :/
I have a Briar Rabbit plush from Disney World :)
Cereal.
And I cannot type.
the south will rise again
Kencolt: Oh.....never knew that
OKAY!
BRIAR PATCH
Great, now I'm craving fruit loops.
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 0 hours, 18 minutes, 34 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
OKAY!
...
Gee thanks.
oh god not cabbage patch
These was strange.
chucky and chucky
Oh god MY CHILDHOOD NIGHTMARE (out of many)
ahaha
SHe's SEVEN YEARS OLD-- HOW THE HELL--
How many of the Critic eps have we watching now?
Wait.
25 HOURS 18 MINUTES4444
XDD
pedo bear got back
ugh, its like the factorys breeding pits. just the thought of that makes me see red.
ouch
7 year old giving birth..
Wuzzles!
/me I DON'T WANNA LIVE!!!!!! I DON'T WANNA LIIIIIIIIIIIIVE!!!!! :'( :D
UMM
i dont want to live on this planet anymore.
....
WUZZLES
WHAT THE
The wuzzles had TOYS?! O_O
MONSTERS
DEM WUZZLES.......
still better than ponies
Lol.
my sister was obsessed with this
...
KILL THOSE ABOMINATIONS
Bee and Lion.
I don't even what is this
BUMBLEBEEEE
I would by them
That one is really scary
XD
If they ddin't come alive.
SO WHY DO THEY ALL HAVE WINGS?
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 1 days, 0 hours, 16 minutes, 40 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
*didnt
They
Haha
Buy our shit.
HASBRO! :[
Hasbro
We don't care about rhyming! Buy our shit.
lol
BUY OUR SHIT :D
Lol.
Oh my gof.
NERF!!!!!
STORM!
*God
LOL
NERF BARRELSTORM
80s superheroes
no waiting.
That kid is MLG~
NO WAITING
Nerfs....
I loved the Wuzzles cartoon. I had no idea they had a toy line! ._.
Only 6 barells
MWAHAHAH
This boy is insane.
Nerf is OP, please nerf
Still going strong.
AND 5 FOAM BULLETS! >=D
NERF!!!! because blowing up shit, gives YOU POWEEEEEEEEEEEEER!!!!!!
CHILL OUT LADY!
Ummm
I heard you like Nerf so I nerfed your Nerf with Nerf.
Im scared
SAY GOODNIGHT!
Scoot-Scootaloo,do the drug PSA.
ONE LINER!
Every spring, during the spring clean. You always find a nerf dart under your couch.
You nerf herder
wat
Next.
??????
ALIENS!
Afternoon Bronystate!
A flying alien que- ATAX?
Atax.
howdy Yokupony
Scruffy nerf Herder
Flying-- Wait. The Queen did NOT fly.
HAha
LOL
So.
Hey Yokupony!
ATAX!
atax
So many things...
He's.
Atax, the Ultimate Tampon Space Marine.
lol
Hey Yokupony
Medicine?
yay! NC :D
LOL
XD
Bottling aliens.
Damn.
Game over man.
...
wut
Uh what
/me GAME OVER MAN!
This one...
OH THIS
Your Johnson.
;~;
JOHNSON!!!!!!!!!
Hmm?
O_O
o_o
...
Johnson :D
but
YOUR JOHNSON
Your johnson.
my johnson...
/me JOHNSON? :D
o_O
.....Johnson? o_o
Johnson
Oh long johnson
ahaha
You, your friends and your Johnson.
Oh don piano.
:D
summer whites?
/me DAT JOHNSON :D
/me JOHNSON???
You, your girl and your Johnson.
Why I eyes yah.
ahahah
:D
I'm laughing so hard.
LOL
MY SIDES
Haha
good old times :)
I can't study with this on
dammit
xD
HERBERT!
XD
meow
He was fishing with his johnson. :D
You and your Johnson : A Way For Life For Many Years
Mommy turn on your headlights! Theres a snake in the garden!
LOL
Way Of*
Oh god....
THIS
Why must we show the awesome stuff when I need to study? ;_;
Wunderboner.
WONDERBONER! :D
WonderBoner.
/me THE WONDER BONER :D !!!!!!
I just ran ot of skittles.
Oh God!
WONDER BONER
wunderbuner
LOOOOOLLLL
DUN DUN DUUUUUUUUUN
WUNDERBAR
Wonderboner O_o
No, no, no.
That sounds so wrong.
......
:O
seriously?
e_o
NOOOO
So.
'NONONON
that made t.v airtime?
THis is a gross as hell item that, apparently, actually works.
the wonderbolter
If you kill a fish,you get a boner?
:0
Lil_B: oh my god no
boner fish? :o
Lol.
My wife would like that.
ahaha
/me MY WIFE WOULD LIKE THAT! :D
XDXDXD
NOOO!!
^
:D
YOU KNOW
YOU KNOW!!!!
O_O
HAHAHA
YOU JUST WENT THERE
Oh god.
stop saying wunder boner!
THIS is my favorite SPECIAL <----
I might head...
WonderBoner.
My eyes are getting s tired that it hurts to keep them open.
Everybody laugh
DAT CON!
lol, anime convention
Dat Inuyasha.
inuyasha
Dat con croud
Night/Afternoon Yall.
Rainboom, Go to bread :3
ahahah
O_O
It's funny you should ask.
HAha
NOOOOOOOOO
Night Rainbow
DON'T ASK
Bread?
Also tab fail.
so pre 2011, no MLP Costume
Wonder Bread?
Night Rainboom
Bred
Night Huggles.
Lol
G'night.
/me likes wonder bread. :3
Haha.
No no no.
And Ponie.
ahaha
/me WONDER BONER!!! REALLY!???? :D
ahahaahahah
Your Johnson and your Wunderboner have a fantastic evening.
he should try some yoga
I have a kitteh on my lap :3
Another one?
yay
Sugar Crisp.
90s comercials for the win
Oh yes.
wasting time ftw!
Lego!
brb---------THIS IS THE LAST one Pinkielover123
wait.. is this on loop?
!
No, it's a Trilogy.
Movies,little berry nuts shits.
lol
! is best title
After these messages
ah.. I thought he only made two
ok, im taking off my headphones, I have to
um no
ET Board game.
or else im not gonna study at all
Snake? SNAKE?!
Thats just cheating.
this is addicting :(
After These Messages, We'll Be Right Back, and "Exclamation Point"
WOW
DANGER
WOW I CAN MOVE IT UP! :D
ahahh
WOOOOO! :D
LEVEL UP!
Hahahaha
xD
AAAAAAAA
That was cruel, NC.
exactly
And the loser has to play the videogame.
What?
Klansman???
The game is horrible.
LOL
Hahahaha
/me snrk
E.T Atari game ;~;
NOOOOO
well, i have duty, i'll be back later
EEEEHHH
Those eyes stare in my soul
We need to watch ET
Bye Roseluck`
oh god....cabbage patch kids
G'bye.
Hahaa
Of course it's going to cry.
Later Roseluck`
KISSDOOOUUUKEN!!!
SONIC BOOM
You squeezed her hand.
Hahahaha.
I wanna watch ET on movie night
Baby Cakes flashbacks...
Rainboom.
Inflated potato? Haha
I think it's how to train your dragon.
Rainboom: one of my fav childhood movies :3
Pinkielover123.
Baby cries : So real..
Rainboom
Hahaha
Grape Nuts.
So.
Pinkielover123.
Ew, grape nuts
Dem grape nuts
Revenge has arrived.
UM
O_O
Underwear?
The closest thing to nuts that she touches.
O_o
Awkward...
o.o
What perverts
o.o
I own a pair of those.
Oh god.
OH GOD
NOW SMELL THEM
Pull it!
Hahahaha
:D
:P
LMAO
MadSurge: *smells* mm smells like shit! ;D
wot.
Rob!
NOW SMELL THEM :D
Rainboom: pretty much :D
TOG
XD
That Other Guy
Xd
ROB!
Awkward.
And touching
Hours.
...
lol
XD
20% Juicce?
lol
20% JUICE
20% juice. It needs to be about 20% cooler
20% Cooler.
20% COOLER!
20% JUICE
PRESERVATIVES FTW!!! :D
20% Cooler
Rainbow Dash Approved!
:D
water
20% COOLER JUICE
Awesome...we need that juice
80 % Preservatives and artificial other crap! :D
More lirk
*Liek
LOL
RD's official drink
I wantb that
:D
20% Cooler.
20% juicer
dat Ponies47 :3
dat lame pun
Legos! :D
ZACK JACK
Zack the Legomaniac.
Zack!
LEGOMANIAC!!!!!!!!!
Zack or Jack?
ZACK JACK
Zjack
Hah.
wot?
When I collected legos I didn't want the modern lego sets. I wanted the stuff like Jake and Zach are playing with
UMM
OK.
ZACK
JACK
The factory that needs to be blown Up?
:D
LOOL
:D
Ponies47: I like the complex sets :)
ZACK
Haha.
/me ZACK! ZACK! HE'S A PSYCHOMANIAC! ZACK! ZACK HE'S A---------
zack zack he's a pyscho maniac
Zach Nuuuuuuuuu!
DAT NARRATOR
:D
4TH WALL BREAK
Who ya gonna cALl/
YES
THESE WERE AWESOME
24 hours people
INB4 all of the movie quotes in 3....2....1
transformers before transformers existed
I think I still have one of those
lol
O_O
I had that Terror trash one!
wat
:D
Oh my god.
wow
Watch him scream! LOL
That's um.
/me I'VE BEEN SLIMED! :D
"I have seen shit that will make you white."
That's a big twinkie
/me THAT'S A BIG TWINKIE
PAUL SCHAEFFER
That's a big twinkie :D
THAT'S A BIG TWINKIE|
SPOILERS! the 80s were weird
AACK BACK CACK DACK EACK FACK GACK HACK IACK JACK KACK LACK MACK NACK OACK PACK QACK RACK SACK TACK UACK VACK WACK XACK YACK ZACK
SCHEFFER*
gotta love the 80s
Oh god....
/me had a lite brite as a kid...
Rainboom: wat
OMG
I didn't :(
lite brite
I wanted one
I STILL HAVE THID
not me.
*THIS
i had a light brights
Mickey
and i made boobies
Haha
O_O
/me glomps Gold_Demona
LOL
:3
Gold_Demona: hello sis
S2 IS PREMIERING IN MKY COUNTRY RIGHT NOW!!!!!!!
ahahah
I had those pieces EVEEERYWHERE! xD
ohai Bronysith :3
Craiglist, for kids!
ah so like my mums house then
Nice enigma
That's the Lite Brite Mark 2. Mark 1 was a simple square grid, the hex grid came later.
Hahaha.
HEEERRRESSS SUZY
MadSurge, Those were a bitch to build but I loved it. I still have all of my legos. The lego sets I collected the most were stuff like these http://tinyurl.com/b8w2lkf :3
i color organized a pyramid
i thought Lite Brite Mark 1 was the Etch-N-Sketch
Ponies47: but building them was fun :$
I remember that.
:/
ha!
Sugar coated awesomeness
Back when cereal commercials had a continuity
tripple trouble!
It shows you?
flipbooks...
ok so golden crisp has steroids or what?
Haha
Hah
o.o
ahaha
MadSurge, Indeed :3
:D
wut
omg :D
POPTARTS
POP TARTS
Ah...poptarts
POPTARTS
hot-hot-hot poptarts
Now I want poptarts -_-
so hot!
What the hell is happeneing?
I still love Poptarts
so poptarts!
So cold, they're hot, and so hot they're cold.
Ice-9
Cool is hot
Dry Ice.
i like things that suck!, theyre great!
Hot is cool
Poptarts
You're hot and your cold.
LOL
IT'S NOT POPTARTS!
/me IT'S NOT POPTARTS!!!!!!!!!!
IT'S NOT POPTARTS
Um
HAha
/me DAT FACE
Explosive radiation!
HAHA
Poptarts!
LOL
laser poptarts
TMNT!!!
POPTARTS1
TMNT OP
!*
IMMA FIRING MY LAZERR
teenage mutant ninja turtles!
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire - Part 1" airs in 0 days, 23 hours, 56 minutes, 55 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
teenage mutant nunja turtles!
Hahaha
O_O
UMMM
NO
you suckey your jimpo
Ummm
Haha
gimps~
/me NO.
Usagi Yojimbo. From the comic by Stan Sakai. Excellent read if you can find it.
gimps can fight!
Dat innuendo?
Pillowy mounds of mashed potatoes~
I only knew about Usagi from the time-travelling cartoon series.
lol
And Horses write friendship lessons yes it is all realistic
dat :D TOMMY WISEAU
ohai turtles
lol
CHICKEN
That is NOT how you call a chicken.
YOU ARE TEARING ME APART TURTLES!!!
Haha
LOL
CHEEP CHEEP CHEEP CHEEP
tommy should play the shredder next
SCOOTALOO
Do the Barbie?
What
NOOOOO
Do the mario.
Do the monkey
Do the Pinkie
Haha
Do the Monkey.
lol
:D
Swing your arms, from side to side
LOL
I'm trying to step on a bug while I have a headache. XD
does dance club barbie come with extacy?
A SPIDER :D
XD
PAULA ABDUL
And a little less Prozac
LOL
Haha
whos paula abdul?
alexxm, pop singer
ok, im back
done studying
alexxm, from the 80s
I'd say "Your Mother", but that would be immature.
OHI
lol, pop tarts
ITS NOT POPTARTS!
IT'S NOT POPTARTS! x2
i HATED THEM TOO <------
IT'S NOT POPTARTS
raidation!
HOLY SHIT
I HAVE THID
*THIS
Haha
RADIATION!
WELL I STILL HAVE IT
Rainboom: MadSurge the joke is also played in his next review: Once Upon A Forest
Those things suck
ahahah
bullshit!
BULLSHIT
Dark92Enigma: yeah I know :D
Poptart Cars?
what the hll?
wat
Transformers.
Popcarts
TRANSFORMERS!!!!!!!
what were pretenders
Uhh...
So........?
Uhh...
DATFACE
lol
alexxm: You really don't ant to know.
UM
That wasn't transformers.
Holy shit
/me wanted a Teddy Ruxpin doll as a kid,
alexxm: Toy exclusive lines.....
:D
HAHAHAHA
OH SHIT IT'S HIM
Oh God not that thing! ;~;
That is one creepy bear
He remembers critic
0_0
DOOM
FAMINE
PEDOBEAR NOOOO
....
LOL
i couted 9
...
UMM
uhh
15
I MEAN TEDDY RUXPIN!!!!!
my brain...why...
why
18
A lot
25
HAHAHA
SQUEEZE!!!!!!!!???? :D
wot
29
why just why?
Where Did My Sides Go?
42
30.
ORGASM
Dat innuendo
Wat
Wth
i counted 30 phalic stuffs
wth?
Pretender transformers?
Pretenders?
Eenope
HEAD
YOU DID
WTF
HAHAHAHAHA
NOOOO
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
\
give them Pinkie Pie
lol
INJECT THEM
/me IS THAT MOM ON THE WET BANANA----AND YOUR JOHNSON----SQUEEZE THE WONDER BONER.
or Fluttershy cuteness
I DID it
She's an asshole just for that
SLIMSUIT
LOL Mood Wishlap
Uhh
LOL Dark92Enigma :D
My mind.
80's YOu So Crazy <3
USO DA!!
Its just like a plastic bag
This is the last one <------ the dumbest of them all :D
WAT
different actors lol
The slimsuit - it's heavy enough you can't get to the fridge.
^
Haha
One size fits all?
LOL
:D ONE SIZE FITS NOT ALL
No sh*t.
LOOL
I WANNA SILVER SPACE SUIT
WOW
It's like a rock soup
Haha.
LOL
ahaha
TAKE IT TO THE MAX
it's JUST LIKE NEVER WEARING THEM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
How the hell do you lose weight while sleeping?
^
anyone got the mlp app btw?
ahaha
I sacrifice my common sense for all kinds of things. It's fun! :D
Yeah.
WHILE ON OZ <----
oh god.
How?
Oh hello Snow
HOW
DAT NOSTALGIA CRITIC ANTHEM
meow
Think about it, NotBigSurprise
HOW DID YOU LOSE WEIGHT WHILE SLEEPING?
It's confusing.
oh hai Snow
O_O
ded
/me blows up
OMG
/me ZACK!!!!! ZACK!!!!! HE'S A PSYCHOMANIAC!!!!! ZACK!!!!! ZACK!!!!! HE'S A PSYCHOMANIAC!!!!!..............bitch
boom :3
*BOOM*
LOL
zack
Goddamn you zack.
just tim, kirk, and pat left
Hello.
zack is worst human
lol
Obnoxious High Pitched Critic :D
Hello.
Hello,Hello.
my name is zack...
but you can't kill Kirk he's in the future
/me hello, hello I'M THE NOSTALGIA CRITIC
Mmm wet banana
This end credits.
omg my balls :'(
Huhwut?
My wife would like taht
lol
Umm.
Yes, Taht.
who was streaming/
?
What now?
Loading screen.
O:
soooooo... wet banana?
discord
wut
OH DISCORD
/me IS THAT MOM ON THE WET BANANA?-----THAT'S A BIG TWINKIE-------MY WIFE WOULD LIKE THAT
My gut. I think my gut just gave its resignation. XD
Roseluck`: Yo
silly song With discord?
I loved these segments
Waterbuffalo
Oh.
... Approoval :)
Veggie Tales! <3
wat da hell
wonder boner
lol
Veggie Tales.
Btw....TheAccountSecond....i know he uploads MULTI-EPISODE features of the NC
Wot M8
i love veggie tales
are requests being taken?
to the poeple who got the app, how do you add friends?
people*
even if it turned me off religion
Pinkie, just eat your vegetables.
Veggie Tales
OH MY GOD.
s2 SHOULD HAVE PREMIERED IN MY COUNTRY right now.......
click the scroll->Scrolls to GL Live->Scroll to Friends
PINKIE SPEAK ENGLISH.
what's veggie tales?
What's hilarious is the spanish is accurate! :D
Make Pinkie speaking Spainish canon!!
Gold_Demona: Ikr? :D
Did you not see me dancing?
lol
someone hug me
to add friends that sent you an invite do the same steps except go to Messages->Click Requests
Wat
wot
Gold_Demona: and i get it too :D i watched Veggie Tales in English and in Spanish
Speak.
ESCUCHEN AL PEPINO!
English.
No
I didn't know there was a spanish Veggie tales. :D
^
Veggie Tales. God I loved them so much :3
Larry was mulitlingual
That show annoyed me.
Cant even whistle.
Zamer: whats your name on it? then i can add you :)
lol
Dark92Enigma, I meant spanish language.:P
Zamer01
Wat
no shiitt
Gold_Demona: oh.
It's-What?
I vote for Pizza Angle next! :P
O:
The in-game friends list is still bonkers right now though, I blame Discord
The Jackson 5.
O_O
Jackson 5!!
Oh wow.
Oh god
What's this?
wat
oh, right
animated Jackson 5? O_o
Yes.
how come its so lo resolution?
Zamer: sended.
this was before my time.. but yet, its so nastalgic
uh
Which one is Michael Jackson?
JACKSON'S FIVE!
Jackson 5?
the kid
Too soon after Michael's death!
ABC.
MadSurge: I think he was the smallest one
wat
Back when Mighael Jackson was still black.
123
THER'ES TWO KIDS
Mighael.
nostalgia vs. avgn who wins?
the one in yellow
Michael was the youngest
I C
Of a snack?
*Snake
A Snack.
is anyone here even old enough to remember this?
I hear Gary is a REALLY nasty town.
um
wat
Dat background laughing
Rainboom i'm just as confused as you.
i'm Michael Jackson, your Tito
Someone call Batman
the SHOW MUST GO ON!!!!!!!!!
UGH I HATE BACKGROUND LAUGHING,IT RUINS EVERYTHING.
What am I even looking at
how the? how did that wrench fit!?
Michael Jackson is best pony.
Dat Wrench
-->Put Snake in Birdcage, seems legit
A crappy PBS show.
http://i.imgur.com/JQ7eF.jpg is that mickey mouse
thats pretty cheap.
That voice...
wth Bronysith.
poniponioniponi
XD
ABC
123
ABC
Dammit, I can't remember the name attached to that voice!
thats damn cheap conserding dianna ross was pretty damn popular back then
this old animation style...nostalgia
PINKIE PIE IS SO FUCKING AWESOME
Noi
cop been derped
Is it Paul Frees?
when was this made?
FUCK DER POLICE
wait wat
late 70s
dat train
woo woo
Scootaloo: FUCK THE POLICE.
Snakes, why did it have to be snakes. .-.
Snake with eyes
SELL THAT SNAKE
And Michael was forever obsessed with Diana Ross
That snake is adorable.
I just joined, WTF is this?
Ohohoh
MJ TV show.
dat voice acting
aaand cue the song
AND THAT'S HOW THE SONG WAS MADE
Hey that teacher was a dunce
Hey guise
MJ was awesome back then
oh god
dat rainbow
petters
but everyone knows he stills live on :O
Oi Chibi :)
ABC
123
Rainboom, Yeah, like Elvis. :D
I love this song
^
Too much singing...
umm what
Too much hearts...
is she supposed to be wearing a giant party hat
It means i agree.
Gold_Demona: Elvis just went home
Ever think it was funny how it started with a "pink snake"?
MadSurge, Oh yeah. I forgot
no it's the Dunce hat
MadSurge, Wasn't Michael an alien, too?
pony_9836: Oh god
it was back when kids got in trouble they were made to sit in the corner wearing it
Abc ron23 abc 123/
.*
Gold_Demona: yup! :D
what
Pink snake
.-.
too much singing
^
Monkies dancing on a drum?
