Ragnano: Get over it.
Well, I better change too
RainbowAsh: exposition
foreshadowing
Kencolt: HAHA, that's hilarious and something Alton Brown sounds like he would do
for now it's UTC+4 and now they want do UTC+3, but not sure cus they idiots
is meanwhile here today?
Combustiblelemons: <3
What idiot let him do this to their kid?
:3
raptors are terrorist commandos
SpadeKyurem[R], I believe that. Just saying, even if it was possible (which I very much doubt), 30k won't get you anywhere
Personally I dont have an issue with gays, people need to leave them alone
Trollestia: so it are ramen from the brand JapeLuna?
nice to see you meanwhile :D
Urg, I'm so much of a fan of animation that I forget how mumbly people sound in live action
30,000k I guess if so
Gaydars aren't very accurate. They return false positives too much.
And you Combustible. How's it going?
RainbowAsh: Apperently it had a 80% success rate
mmm starting some early psychological trauma for t he kids
cowvarkian, it would make more sense if he told it to his imaginary friend.
They let him do it cause it's Sam Neil <.< I love that guy
:'( okay
Trollestia: He did. He used it again to explain how to cut up a chicken.
Ragnano: Nailed it. Enjoy them moonrocks, I've heard it adds a cheesy flavor.
RainbowAsh: yeah
Luna will be in his dreams tonight
Kencolt: That's Hilarious.
Ya know, for kids
SpadeKyurem[R], what did they do? Create a questionaire where they asked "Are you gay?"
lawl
I hope Luna will be in my
BLAME ALL DEM KIDS!
Ragnano: Your name keeps making me think of Ragnaros from WoW
LordDerpington: careful
They do smell.
LordDerpington: yes, with a wierd voice
/me applejack hate kids face
?
LordDerpington: He'll, uh, uhm, she'll be stuttering, um, yeah.
what an asshole pilot
dat ass
SpadeKyurem[R]: that could be because that's the name my name is based off xD
LOL
I emptied your fridge
LordDerpington: I made that joke last night :D
KFC guy
old man steals your food
Too obvious?
hey everypony
hey saig
Howdy
it's a Gabe
how are things Saigneur
Hi, Saigneur.
hi Saigneur
LordDerpington: Nah, no one payed attention to mine :D
Saigneur: hi
Hi Saigneur.
i don't get a welcome? :(
Saigneur*
:3
inb4 newman
better
yeup
Hi Combustiblelemons!
AJIsAwesome: I just found out something weird last night
lol
that seems like a big ass rv...
What, SpadeKyurem[R]?
Spared no expense
BRB, getting food
Combustiblelemons: WEEEEEEEEEEEEEELCOME STRANGA!
Did it just go to the slide show for everyone else?
lol
hi Combustiblelemons :)
I can't think of a good dinosaur name so I went the lazy man's route
Bronystate, spared no expense.
hai Combustiblelemons !
Get the expenses! Spare none!
AJIsAwesome: Apperently the voice for Axel voiced Silver in Generations and Shadow in Gens was Saix
hi Combustiblelemons
:3 that's better
Whoever heard of a fluffy T-Rex?
Guess it was just me
SpadeKyurem[R]: Huh. I didn't know that.
wait wat
testing teh gay?
Random glue
SpadeKyurem[R], but radar implies that it should work over distance and passive, but I don't see how that could work
not me, but you're the first one :O
Saigneur: I once made a gigantic list of names... It took me 10 minutes, and I got half of the list. I got told not to name spam haha
I dont really see whats so "wrong" about gays, sure it isnt "natural" but if that makes them happy, I don't care
Back
dat bribery
I dunno about the gaydar
SpadeKyurem[R]: Good on you bro! I'm bisexual, that's awesome.
SpadeKyurem[R] what is "natural" anyway?
nothing like some bags of money to grease the wheels
lol
why hello thar dari.
But I have heard the US army tried to develop a 'gay bomb'
money makes everything bette
SpadeKyurem[R]: are we on this covnersation now?
A gay bomb? lolwut
i thought that's why there's HIV
ekips: when they say natural they mean right in their eyes
cowvarkian: if we are im staying out of it XD
They launch it at enemy lines to make all their soldiers stop fighting and start loving it up instead.
O bomb full of gay people?
i missed the episode but its already on youtube
Its apperently unatural for a man or woman to be with the same sex
There are some genetic markers that seem to increase the chance of an individual being homosexual
gaben
FAT FUCK
A hormone
damn a sexbomb.
It explodes and makes everyong fabulous
Its just a hormonial bomb
SpadeKyurem[R]: thats utter crap
RainbowAsh, no there aren't.
FAAAAT FUUUUUCK
Combustiblelemons: Nah. It was SIV that made the leap to humans through the consumption of chimpanzee meat, probably.
sexbomb, sexbomb, you're my sexbomb ^_^
DODGSON ALERT!
...Thanks yah fat fuck :p
See nobody cares
i gotta love gay bomb c: no homo
or chimpanzee rape LordDerpington
nyeh
the fat man....hes so stupid
''ihihihihihi''
SpadeKyurem[R]: It is somewhat counterintuitive from a biological standpoint, since the natural impulse of all life is to reproduce.
i hate this fatass
Is that Gabe?
XD
I bet he is.
I know someone who should get hit by a gay bomb :3
XD
inb4 Gaben
he squeed
gabe newell is awesome, don't disrespect him.
So his investors will care about the opinion of the expert thats on Hammonds payroll ? And he hasa gift with people ..... like this guy!
Kencolt: But the thing is, not everyone has to do that
Kandarihu, I think observations on several hundred species of mammals and birds might disagree with your notion.
HL3 in that bagg
18 minutes
RainbowAsh: ikr
Nyeh
Hl3 for 2013
Haku has appeared
...Hammond's mistake?
$
Bow down
Plushies don't count
Spared no expense my ass
Half life 3 for 3016
TO MY INFINITE GLORY
Suddenly epic music
Oh here we go
ohai Haku1013
choppa
und dann goldblum
/me bows down to Haku1013
Ooh hahahah OOooo Hahhaha
not a fan of Geoff Goldblum :s
Jeff Goldbloom, the living walking and talking stereotype.
or is it jeff... lol
SpadeKyurem[R]: It's merely I have heard a few gays activists insist that it's genetic. You'll have to admit, that's a gene that wouldn't be passed on easily. Thus, it must be more a psychologica/socological factor. I make no judgements, I speak merely from science.
thelonevelociraptor? Are we dinosaurs now?
/me rawr
if you want
Every time I hear shit like this Gaydar, I ask why are we wasting money on this crap?
:3
Aww, it's no fun looking for random background events when it's just plain ocean
>movie about dinosaurs
there!!!!!!
RainbowAsh, if it's done with a broken scientific process intended exclusively to "prove" homosexuality to be natural and throwing out any evidence that contradicts the narrative, we can't call it science. That's what happened with that whole "gay gene" debacle.
Kencolt well, it "could" be a genetic disorder that is accidental?
Howdy everydino!
>convo about gay people
I uh, think that uh Hammon's ability to uh know people hasn't worked f-f-for him with uh Nedry
Kencolt it doesn'tactually make you 'gay' it just increases the hormones in the soldiers to the point that they want to stop fighting and just have sex with the nearest person
epic soundtrack
welcome to executive bathroom island!!!!!
^
haha
Oh god
what the hell
haha
thelonevelociraptor RAWR
lol
.~.
gay detector
this movie is cultissime
Why do people spend money on pointless shit and it gets approved?
T-Rex1013: rawr >:3
thelonevelociraptor: Hey, are you thelonepony?
Whether or not homosexuality can be traced to a gene, what does it really matter, beyond the realm of scientific interest?...
Kencolt: i have read that a gene that encurages females to actively reproduce with males can sometimes work their way into the males of the same family
Trollestia: No <_<
when did this discussion turn to the "weapons of mass sexuality"?
ikr
dari said something about it
PEHNIS!
blame him
best music ever!
Anaruski when wasnt it?
thelonevelociraptor: I should be the lone pony then >:D
Anaruski when we say so!
...Rawr.
Combustiblelemons: We've had ponies played before and we had a discussion about politics.
Anaruski :D
she wants the D.
o.0
VenHur must become a dinosaur
AJIsAwesome: fun times
thelonepony: D:
thelonevelociraptor: Hey, lookit me
AJIsAwesome: true
no get in water :U
And this is why soundtrack composers should be more respected
Pink shirt day :D
the politics of equestria AJIsAwesome
/me noms on thelonevelociraptor tail
Our 8th grade ban played that theme....sorta
real men just hold onto something
And all of those, again, are genetic flaws-- and thus wouldn't survive long by simple laws of evolution. No, I have to go with a sociological/environmental aspect.
Look at that Pink SHIRT
entirely relevant.
*8th grade band
Combustiblelemons: No. Real life politics.
Awkward silence
:|
usually the rotor blades
To the roflolcopter
Stellafera: John Williams is worthy of much respect.
EXECUTIVE BATHROOM ISLAND
i really never understand what morale in this movie
like
pony_4908, the gay lobby is trying to argue that homosexuality is natural so that any criticisms of the lifestyle can be flagged as racism.
Trollestia: oh you :3
Indeed
I mean on the John Williams
i don't remember that then :P
Kandarihu: I'm fine with that
thelonevelociraptor: Oh, you! :3
Peter Griffin: Well this is peacefull.
not really racism though, just bigotry
so much security
Raaawr...
Kencolt: those genes have been proven to exist
I thought th moral of this movie was don't make dinosaurs
/me noms on Trollestia :3
then you build a giant park you need better security system and responsable emplyee
Again if people are happy being with the same sex, It's not my right to decide how they live
/me noms on Fluffasaurus_Rex >:3
kandarihu: Well, shouldn't any excessive hate be taken care of accordingly anyhow? I mean, given fair warning and all.
thelonevelociraptor: No! You've gobbled my backside!
molesia
T-Rex1013, ikr :D
All this security, and the Dinosaurs still break all hell loose
cowvarkian, well I'm not fine with it. I'm tired of being called racist just for being white.
LAWN MOWERS
D:
there
Blazing_Beatz: It was like airport security before 2001
WHAT KILLED THE DINOSAURS!
i'm sorry ;^;
Fluffasaurus_Rex: well feathered dinos were fluffy :D
rawr
and what the hell is going on in the main chat
Blazing_Beatz dat spoiler
Kandarihu you're probably called racist because you're racist.
Won't the lawyer be dead in 48 hours?
A meteorite.
Kandarihu: though you can't really be racist against a sexuality. thats not how race works
SpadeKyurem[R]: THE ICE AGE!!!!!
incoming meme
Meanwhile: that too
thelonevelociraptor: Haha, sokay. I needed to lose some weight
Blazing_Beatz: life uh... it uh... finds a way.
Meanwhile, I am NOT RACIST!
dat reacotion shot
I love how they didn't notice the disnosaurs until just now.
pony_3045 If anything they should have the dinosaurs less smart, and dometicated them so we can have pet dinos
ITS A COW!!!
reaction*
Buytoast: randomness, stupidity etc
mother of god
:[ rawr
Except that it is natural, it does exist, and why do you care how other people live? Seriously, believe what you want, but keep judgment to yourself.
Kandarihu: You strike me as a bit racist.
like always
Raping time?
THEY SEE US
Kandarihu: I read that as meanwhile, I am not a racist.
RETREAT
Jageman: No, they haven't. They have been suggested, even pointed to-- in the opinion of certain resrachers-- but they have yet to be proven. Even if they do, they are counter-reproduction, and thus should by logic die out in time-- or at least me in a much smaller minority than the actual percentage claimed.
RETREAT
Meteorite plus lava covering about a third of India
Dat Spielberg face :D
Alright guys, let's calm down.
thanks Buytoast
mother of god.
Your failure to recognize a universal morality does not make it dissapear!
Why the fuck did they build a park full of deadly dinosaurs, WITH NO METHOD TO KILL SAID DINOS
:P
INCOMING TACTICAL GROUNDBREAKING CGI!
I thought the leaf was more interesting.
This is the movie that made dinosaurs cool again.
/me protects Buytoast from mane chat
Meanwhile, Kandarihu stop being rude to each other
lol nevermind
the same reaction when we see a new ep on stream
i am a stegausaurus !!!!!
we really should stop pumping hormones into cows..
But Fluffasaurus_Rex has a better one
SpadeKyurem[R]: they have shot guns
/me gives Buytoast a mane chat hunting gun
dat music
T-Rex1013: When were dinosaurs NOT cool bro?
YOU DONT SAY
That cant kill a T rex!
D:
SpadeKyurem[R], because the theme of the movie is "What has science done!?"
SpadeKyurem[R]: a weapons locker full of shotguns and assault rifles?
Angeling; well, about that...
SpadeKyurem[R]: They did have a method to kill the dinos - they mention it in the story. They need a supplement of lysine or they die.
ITS A DINOSAUR, HOLY FUUCK, WHAT THE SHIIIIT
I want a dinopet!
Let's not be at each other's throats, alright?
RainbowAsh: Now Im thinking of Doctor Weird
it works, my timemachine works ! BAM, I AM A STEGOSAURUS
Trollestia: When that meteorite heated up the earth and killed them off?
How far should science go is a little closer
:D
brachiosaurus...
ok
STEP
anyway
pony_4908: Gah
stomp
Yay?
pow!
Kencolt: It's because it's a recessive gene.
...my last honorban was 72 hours and it was for three offenses.
gaaaaaak
I think he's going to start crying or something
In the book by Michael Crichton they didn't have any shotguns but they did have one Rocket launcher
GENTLEMEN, BEHOLD! DINOSAURS!
pony_4908: Are you pun pony?
See...Our Band Tried at playing this Jurassic Park theme...buuuuut we failed because its really hard to play
Trollestia, I didn't mean to be rude to him.
And then gravity happened
dat sysmic movement
I'm a Stegosaurus! :D
Better CGI than Twilight.
ohshi-
Trollestia: Sometimes.
and because we wree in 8th grade
Brocollisaurse
t-rex?
We have a T-rex!
Trollestia before this. Not many people really liked them becaue the only cool dinosaurs were in books. Sure, dino-films existed before this, but they never made dinos cool. Then this film came out and everyone was "I always thought that Dinosaurs were cool, hurr deur"
oh man i missed 20 minutes :(
I'm a pengen
T-Rex is my fav Dino
sexual tyrannosaurus
And you know the rex of the story
We have a Hulk
welcome to executive bathroom island
/me can run at 33 mph
However, what he accused me of is a VERY VERY VERY serious charge.
Kencolt: Recessive genes don't show in every single person who has those genes. You're choosing to misinterpret how genes work so you can pretend that genetics can't possibly be a factor.
Rawr.
Is it sad I used to think the dinosaurs looked so real? LOL
spider man
T-Rex1013: Oh, well, there is ALWAYS godzilla
I loved the version of this on the kazoo
But tyrannosauruses are from the cretacious period!
Azuredragon: we have a t-rex
welcome to executive bathroom island
*snort*
we have a t-rex. "nerdgasm"...
what is a t-rex?
WELCOME, TO KENTUCKY FRIED DINOS!
I'd personally be more terrified than excited...
/me is wondering how the creators of Jurassic park got a stegasoarus
dat dinos wannabe Stegosaurus
epic
Trollestia: No, we was just an 8th grade school band, and failed at keeping the beat
Science isnt evil or good
just awesome
Combustiblelemons: Don't rain on my jurassic parade.
CriticKitten: Recessive doesn't explain the claimed percentages of the population-- which, by the way, is also disputed. I am merely saying that much of what is being called "fact" is far from proven and is counterintuitive.
Cretacious park doesn't sound as good i guess.
the music <3
holy what this shit its a dinosaur :0
Science changes on who uses it
ZZZ: This was a big-budget movie. :P
Blazing_Beatz: I remember my 8th grade band. I think EVERYONE had one.
Why is Colonel Sanders breeding dinosaurs?
Its neutral mostly
what the fuuuuck ~
bogy agreed , the music is awesome
Stallion_of_War: Ran out of chicken.
Stallion_of_War: Boredom?
HOLY FUCKING SHIT
"Excuse me mam, can I rape you with this stick?"
Meanwhile: i apologize for my parade raining.
ITS A DINOSAUR
Stallion_of_War: For his finger-lickin' good chicken, of course!
Kencolt: in genetics, almost nothing is proven 100% true, but there is sufficent evidence that those genes do affect sexuality
Trollestia Godzilla was a mutated Dinosaur/Creature that existed before dinosaurs/some other origin explanation that the film series said.
there is only logically sound and fallacious science. good and evil science doesnt exist.
Stallion_of_War more meat
T-Rex1013: JUST KEEP PROVING ME WRONG WHY DON'T YOU
Trollestia I know my Godzilla
Trollestia: Yeah I think so too. We was a good band, got first in a few things. T'was fun
Kencolt: the exist in mutliple species as well
So if pleading innocent to these charges are rude, then I can only plead guilty, and face all the consequenses.
Kencolt, if there are several sequences involved, any percentage can be explained perfectly well
Blazing_Beatz: Haha, I'm glad you had fun :)
Looks like the museum of natural history
there are gay giraffes, arent there
nomnomnom
THATS ME
Jageman: Perhaps. But I can't think to the extreme that most activists claim. No, I still stand by a sociological and evnironmental stance-- nothing wrong with that.
RAWR
Wheres Crow?
Kandarihu: What are you talking about...?
Are we still talking bout this?
I know why Jurrasic Park failed! They just need a Freeman in it
oh. this part. ._.
dat ad
dem 4th wall
A movie within a movie...Ya'll know what I'm sayin', dawg?
Hello
Kencolt: but aren't there gay giraffes?
Kencolt: epigenetics could also be a factor
Going out, be baack later
Dem lines.
RainbowAsh: True, but to many people are less trying to explain and more explain away.
Meanwhile is probably trolling you
Going out, be backlater
yay
TOO MANY JOHNS!
dat 4th wall!
Too many Johns
CHANGELINGS.
SCIENCE FOR ASSHOLES
Applejohn
.~.
cowvarkian: That seems to be more dominance behavior.
lol
dari: Not really, he's pretty racist.
meanwhile is known for that
SO MANY JOHNS
THE DREAM IS COLLAPSING
sausage fest!
el flabador lol
hehe
pinkie! that's your fault!
too many john pi
This Island was WAY before Apperature's time!
Ping
Mr. Dna
SpadeKyurem[R]: WE NEED TO GO DEEPER
How did you make dinosaurs? WE BUCKED WITH SCIENCE!
Kencolt: Actually, recessiveness does explain it. I don't deny that some might "fake it", but to deny it as a factor is to effectively deny evidence that doesn't suit your narrative.
oh god this.
AHH
the cartoon thingy
Fuckin' Mr. DNA
braeburn!
Can I ask why anyone THOUGH MAKING A PARK FULL OF GIANT DINOSAURS A GOOD IDEA?
*Thought
And here's more interesting DNA anyhow.
DInersauaars
DERPY SCIENCE 6_9
DAHNO-SAWRS :P
Dinasores.
so realistic dnas!
SpadeKyurem[R]: Money
:P
FUN FACT: A single DNA strand is 6 feet long
SpadeKyurem[R]: For teh lulz?
DYENOSAWRS
9_6
SpadeKyurem[R], robots are too fake.
Dinasaurs who run a diner :D
the animation style reminds me of superjail
:P
SpadeKyurem[R]: Because, SCIENCE
I love that accent.
lol
I am Mr. DNA, ask me anything.
Kypyrak!
Dina saurs that run a diner
daanosaaar
minecraft
xD
SCIENTIFIC PROCEDURE
minecraft
Is the head operator here Cave Johnson?
dat minecraft o.o
Science it works ... somehow
BECAUSE WHY NOT
SpadeKyurem[R]: Are you Cave Johnson?
He's raping it!!!!!!
Combustiblelemons, lol indeed
That is not how it works
that wouldnt work
Recently they found that the half-life of DNA is a few million years, so any DNA from the dinosaur age is completely destroyed by now.
Ta_Dikin: WITH A NEELE
Science isnt about why
CriticKitten: I'm not saying it's a possible factor. I'm saying it's hardly the major factor that some would claim. Again, counter to the normal laws of reproduction and what genes are about-- which is making more genes.
Woh, woh, woh. This is going way too fast. We need to dumb it down some more.
this is FUCKIN SCIENCE, MATE! :D
SpadeKyurem[R]: probably
Its about why not
i love superjail :P
they need warden
too
CriticKitten: Here, let me explain
Yup, the sap got hard over a long time; which is why the mosquito didn't rot, because it took a long time...
CriticKitten: Impossible, I meant.
BRILLIANT
warden would know how to run this place.
Dr Grant explains why later on, right?
science man
YAY IM MISSED THE EPISODE :D
THE POWER GLOVE
It's so bad.
And make it a nice graphical interface?
NOW YOU'RE PLAYING WITH POWER
why a frog?
A babeh dinasur
AND THEN WE BUCKED WITH SCIENCE
I HAVE A POWAH
The wardone would know shit about running the park, he can barely run his superjail
plus alice wouldn't let dinos run amok
dat baby o.o
and that's how dinosaurs are made...
Science: Throw stuff to the wall and see what sticks
Cloned, short lived dinosaurs yay
alexxm: plot point
Are these uh, autoerotica?
And thats how Equestria was Made!
?
KILL IT BEFORE IT LAY EG~ oh wait nevermind
"Quick boys, look busy, the boss is here"
I can't think but Benton Quest would sic Race Bannon on Hammond and tell him to punch him in the head.
XD
autoerotica?
welp dinos didnt work out , now do ponies
XD
auto erotica?
AUTOEROTICA
eggs!
Autoerotica = wanking
Why do I think Cave Johnson runs this shit?
They can do that for you
Those people are masturbation.
Kencolt: Because it's not a question of reproduction. It's theorized as a manner of population control.
indeed.
Robot Porn?
robot rock.
And PUUUUUUUUSH
oh lord
screw the ride
they just did
they broke it
PUSH!!!!! PUSH!!!!!!!!!1
lol, "Can they do that?"
Look at all of the autoerotica!!
you broke tha rules!
hello everyone..how was today's episode? :)
yeah, just waltz into a clean space research area
Assum
GET TEH FUK OUT OF MY EGGS!
amazing
hai red_ony
dat leftclick
red_ony: good i think
I HAVEN'T SEEN IT YET NO SPOILERS
Where's the heat lamps?
Wait was the guy on the intercom Samuel L. Jackson?
red_ony: it was great :)
red_ony: you can find it on youtube already
red_ony, very good ep
Pokemon eggs?
red_ony no spoilers for 24 hours
Spoiler: Scotaloo is a chicken
hi red_ony ,it was pretty good
Togipi?
Top-class episode. Absolutely brilliant.
"Dang, I could really go for some scrambled eggs right now..."
*QUE EVOLUTION MUSIC
One of my favorite episodes it the entire series, so yes, it was good
I'll take Patrick's advice: Push ponyville and take somewhere else
I haven't seeen it yet..will wait till tomorrow...:)
puuuuuuSSSHHHH!
DUN DUN DUN, you got a pokemon
Yeah, don't talk about the ep until 24 hours after it has aired please
awwwwww
*Face Hugger to the Face*
IDIOT
look, its a tiny killing machine
Yoshi?
ITS YOSHI!
dat animatronics
C'mon out Spike
yoshi haha
/me says "DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAW..."
Just think, that could grow up to murder you.
Dear santa...
Eughhhhhh
DAAAAAWWW
inb4 it bites his jugular vein
kill it with fire
awwwww, lets name it killer
Meanwhile: it will be fun
Chicken!
Stallion_of_War: GO FOR THE JUGULAR
http://derpibooru.org/172706
Meanwhile: well, so can a dog :D
stop spitting germ onto him
I still prefer puppetry and animatronics to CGI
TO LATE THEY ALREADY LAYS EGGS!
Anything can kill you
LordDerpington: oh god, fund it
LordDerpington: lol
WHAT HAVE SCIENCE DONE!!!!!!!!!
Brock saves Ash from permanent scarring. "No, Ash, you don't want to watch Picachu's mate lay her eggs. Picachu give live birth." "ICK!"
Do they take precautions to make sure...
so long since I've seen this
It's a good thing they didn't use DNA from a species of frog that can change it's gender if there's a lack of males or something
LordDerpington: <3 daaaaaaaaaw
its simple!
LordDerpington: that is amazing!
simple
DNA splicing is so easy.
Oh yeah, sounds so simple
Stallion_of_War, yeah, that would be completely moronic.
DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAW<3<3<3
Depending on your method they only COULD end up as females, actually
life uh, uh finds a way.
now this is fallacious science
Lesbian dinosaurs.
see.
Who in their right mind thinks reviving the dinosaurs is a smart idea?
but, but..
What porpose of this guy? Just chillin around?
life uh..find a way...
RainbowAsh: People could end up getting eaten and the dinosaur population could run amok! How awful would that be?
Meanwhile: ....not sure if want
life... finds a way
lesbian dinosaurs
Life.... uh.... finds a way.... uh... yeah.
The Teiidae say hello
SpadeKyurem[R]: why not?
Alchemist: Read the novel-- they actually explain HOW the hell they bred in it.
I hate raptors.
WHAT HAVE THEY DPNE
YOU PACKED IT, YOU WARP IT IN A LUCHBOX,A DN YOU S-S-ELL IT! YOU S-S-SELL IT! YOU SELL IT!........and life, uh, finds a way, yeah.
And then he snaps it's neck
Stallion_of_War, luckily they all are professionals. They got white coats and everything.
WRAPPED*
FORESHADOWING
He snaps it's neck :p
damn, i love dat sound
dat cow.
BESSIE NO!
Moooooo
Its my scientific opinion that shit will go down because otherwise the movie would be boring
You bread Rappers?
NOT THE COW!
GO HOME SCIENTEST UR DRUNK
Moo~ :S
Moo ^o^
mmm Lets breed lots and lots of deadly dinosaurs
FUCK THAT BULL
mooo
dont cha know
Steak time!
noooo not the cow!
Super Brony is that you?
:S Moo~
Dis foreshadowing
TrixieMuffin, the writers will find a way.
save the good cuts first!
Females also have horns
nomnomnom the moomoomoo
Yes have an exhibit where you can't see anything
moo
Nooooo! SuperBrony64!! Get outta theeere!!
Sea Bass? No Dinosaur meat?
So....let's review. We're making a park full of dinosaurs....FOR KIDS.
Raincow, come in raincow, we need your help...
NOT THE COW
poor mr. moo
Meoooooooooooooooo
Those are some mean flesh eating plants
sure they professionals, they have a cows
:S Moo~
GG cow
T-Rex shot first
ñom
And no one at any point said "this sounds like a fucking terrible idea"
CriticKitten: We have no possible way to keep them contained
nom nom nom
Technically cows are females; they're bovine as a species
Moo for mee
Noooooooo!! SuperBrony64!!!
they have there permits
CriticKitten: What kid doesn't like dinosaurs?
*ei
I loved them
nothing will go wrong!
How did the government approve of this shit?
Technically technically cows are bovine who have had offspring
i loved them when i was a kid
Cattle, bovine is just cattle-like
Sweetie Belle Moo~
wrote a book on them ^_^
I think every kid goes through I dinosaur phase
The costa rica governemnt is terrible
yeah
LOL
SpadeKyurem[R]: why should they have to?
yeah to dinosaur phase
Just imagine if the raptors learned how to smear cheetah blood on themselves. They'd be too fast to catch.
So...you want to make a dinosaur park....
Ok you're good!
Yes! The #1 MLP comic just arrived!
Kandarihu: What did I say about a government? I don't recall mentioning one
Kandarihu: He is leasing the island
It's about time. :P
SEEMS SAFE
But where did he get the fucking funding?
Here lies cow, it will be missed.
Hey, here's an better idea.
I am
well, who's hungry?
hi everypony:P
Who's up for stake?
That looks delicious.
indeed.
Stallion_of_War, sorry. I meant to ping SpadeKyurem[R]
I'm STARVING.
SpadeKyurem[R]: from his company gentech i thingk
In the book he got investors by going around showing off a miniture elephant
Why not make an ANAMATRONIC Jurrasic Park, you dumbbells?!
I do not like
do they serve dinosaur meat?
.~. i wouldnt be hungry after that
Kandarihu: It's fine
is that dino steak?
Ah well...
hai flitter_heart22
/me is eating a chilli pizza right now
VenHur: What fun would THAT be?
:3
damn ads
:S
i forgot how long that film
I have to ask, the shotguns and such might work against the small dinos like raptors right?
Combustiblelemons: Damnit, I just have ramen :(
Trollestia: ...Negative 1?
What the fuck do they have to stop a T-Rex?
nyeh
VenHur: Yeah like the ride at Universeal
VenHur: Try less.
We'll have a coopen day or something
translation: DAMN NATURE U SCARY
A shotgun aint gonna do shit
pizza 1 ups everything.
oh ! i was wondering what to eat but now i remember i got ramen
They have a dart gun
Trollestia: ...90?
lol
Hmm... nah
Malcom's a bit of an arsehole...
Definatley a Dart Gun
SpadeKyurem[R] nukes
yes genetic power
they use a party cannon for the trex
They had a dart rocket launcher
You know what would solve all of their problems? Nano machines.
So...bets on who dies first
VenHur: You can't guess right at all. Think less than -1, more than +-1.
pony_4810: Gray Goo Scenario
YOU PACKAGED IT, YOU WRAPPED IT IN A LUNCHBOX, AND THEN YOU SELL IT, YOU SELL IT, YOU SELL IT!.........:[
why did they invite thgis guy again?
lawyers will always die first =x
SpadeKyurem[R]: in armor piercing rifle round would kill the trex
Time for me to leave for a while, cya later :D
So learning is all bullshit becaue we're just learning what other people know
Great scientist right there, says that if you don't do the research yourself it sucks
Cya Havok
red_ony: so we can laugh at him
The lawyer invited Malcom
Clearly you should never listen to your peers
bai
SpadeKyurem[R]: they are not covered in armor
"Goss Science is built on the shoulders of Giants"
Good*
Man, just kick this guy out....he's a wank.
SpadeKyurem[R]: they are just big
Stellafera: Clearly because they never might skew their results
count science word
Actually a big meteorite selected them for extinction
Nature didnt do shit, twas a meteor
Heshould die , his only point is : "I dont like your atitude , Sir!" , also hes wrong
RainbowAsh: Probably
Jageman: But I would prefer a gun that would let me not get close to the fucker
a meteorite is natural :P
Meteors are natural.
LAst I checked Meteors werent part of Earth's natural environment
Shot guns only work good at close range
The giant lava flows covering India also had a bit to do with it
lol see
aggressive living things
Rape!!!
plants
http://sphotos-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn1/155409_640688045987_1246570702_n.jpg
SOMEWHERE YOU DONT WANT TO BE NEAR A T REX
SpadeKyurem[R]: Rifle would let you say away from it
that doesn't make sense
space selected thier extinction
Plant Rape!!!
inb4: there is no black guy
<3
SpadeKyurem[R]: that is why i said rifle round
SpadeKyurem[R] Im a t-rex. Rawr.
:|
Holyshitthereisnoblackguy
dramatic close up, lets hear what he has to say
later everypony :) going to play some PS2
The bloodsucking lawyer
Dat vampire
Ha
But why the fuck did they revive the DEADLY dinos?!
says thank you
Bye Michael :)
bye Micheal
SpadeKyurem[R]: variety
They are probably not allowed around the KFC manager
SpadeKyurem[R], rule of cool
Why not just the harmless ones!
SpadeKyurem[R]: they sell better
KIDS
KIDS, That's their name
FUK U
Yes, invite your kids
SpadeKyurem[R]: Cause they're the cool dinos.
''were doing it tonight o-o '' is what he said in his ear
CHILDREN; LIVING THE LIVING DINOSAURS DREAM
SpadeKyurem[R]: you would pay big money to see a t rex
SpadeKyurem[R]: no such thing when you've got 3 ton reptiles covered in iron hard bone plating
By that logic , in 5 billiom years the sun will swollow the earth so we can do as we please cause "nature" has chosen earth to be destroyedanyway
/me holds a Dino Riders toy.
There are SO MANY logic failures here!
/me hates kids
IF YOU LOOK CLOSELY
I want that Jeep!
Google Self Driving Cars
i hate kids then i was kid
YOU CAN SEE THE GUY TURNING THE WHEEL
IPADS
otakon: they are not covered in iron hard bone
lol cd-roms
No expense.
NO FUCKING WAY
dat computer expert
I miss those things
maybe some none meat eating dinos would have done better
CD-ROMS
Hello again
CD-Rom, holy shit
i like kids :3 they always say the most random things
HOLY FUCK ZOOM AND ENHANCE THAT SHIT
I hated kids before it was cool
I wonder what they'd think of Ipads
TrixieMuffin, the hope is that we might migrate to other stars by then. If we can survive the next few centuries
Jageman: no they have PLATES of it, they're also fiercly territorial and freaking strong
hey kid, GET THE FUK OUT OF ME
holy fuck this shit its a dinosaur what the fuck
Lindeman, no, I did, and made it cool.
TrixieMuffin almost. Humans no longer require Nature to choose for us. If the sun eats earth, then we will focus all of our energy in findind a new planet
Also why is the t-rex not locked up behind super heavy security?
SpadeKyurem[R], she is
Lindeman, what about the Cutie Mark Crusaders?
otakon: its not that tough compaired to modern weapons
Pardon me if I start firing off random Getter Robo references.
SpadeKyurem[R]: bc it's a T-Rex
he will debate the fuck outta you
The kid has Goldblum disease
All I see is the flimsy fence
because they have a dart gun
Go away Tim.
I don't like you.
Sam Neill does a lot of tv shows
I hope you get eaten by the raptor.
Damn. Never knew.
Shaddup Timmy.
go home Tim.. You're drunk.
God dammit Tim!
Poor Timmy
otakon: calcium can only be so strong
OWNED
Jageman: dude Crocodiles take a 12 guage shot at POINT BLANK RANGE in either the head or stomach to kill, I think Dino's are tougher than that
lol
im gonna play pinkie pie's hyperactive chat bye guys!<3
Jageman, they are obviously teenagers
SpadeKyurem[R]: Guess it's blindly trusting on modern technology...bit in the mindset of "I created you, damnit, so i can contain you"
Wow, GG
He's doomed. Socially.
Meteors are the trolls of space
Samuel Jackson!
A shotgun isnt going to do shit to a Dino
Jageman: thigh bone of a human is harder than concrete of the same size and thickness
nope.avi
Raptors are fast
Lol
SpadeKyurem[R]: exactly
oh!
You would get killed before you could fire a shot
Black guy!
ooooo, so it was the Hurrican that fucked them over
Iwa tell that to Victor Frankenstein
/me holds onto his butt
A t-rex is huge it would take a few shots to down it
otakon: that is because of how brittle concrete is when its thin
/me butts onto his hold
/me farts loudly
He is hunting KFC manager
I'm tired of these MF dinos in this MF park!
Whe the ACTUAL fucking FUCK are we talking about ETHICS during a MOVIE? What Colonel Sanders did was wrong, it was pretty much a bad idea.
otakon: I think it's because of the structure: a hollow ring is the most stable.
A SINGLE BULLET CANNOT HARM ME
i just wondering how long he'll lives
T-Rex1013: Oh I did, I was Igor's more handsome brother :)
Scales so large it would be like kevlar
^
T-rex1013, But TWO
otakon: and no animal can take a rifle round
/me runs away from his but
SEEMS SAFE
Yeah we're going to hit it.
basically plus hard bone and dense muscle
Whats the name of that dinosaur that has armor plating and a club tail?
dat meeting
Bones thick enough to rival concrete
yes build giant gates in a desert
Iwa Frankenstien didnt have a partner. He was all alone when he created the monster
king kong
Anyone remember the Jarassic Park game at Chuck E' Cheeses?
SpadeKyurem[R]: Stegosaurus?
Yay~
Jageman: how bout a hippo?
That thing would be impossible to kill
Jageman: has anyone shot a rifle round into a whale? bc that's the equivalent
Spared no expense
ankylosaurus or something like that?
shotgun has a lot of power in it
otakon: kevlar can not stop rifle rounds
KING KONG AINT GOT SHIT ON ME
Hm...if Dino DNA revives dinosaurs...then...What'll happens...IF we get injected by Dino DNA?
King Kongasaurus
Ankylosaurous thats it
otakon: basically it can be seen as a bio composite
SpadeKyurem[R]: They had a rocket launcher or some shit in the books and they blew up 3 raptors with it and used it to launch a giant dart into the T-rex when it escaped. Shotguns are easier and more logical so I guess that's why they have them in the movie
otakon: yes they have
Jageman: those are deadly^^
otakon: it killed it
VenHur THATS NOT HOW SCIENCE WORKS
Those things have fucking armor and a shot gun aint gonna do shit
AW FUCK, I DON'T WANT TO BE MUTATED! [goes into a coma]
this sucks.
Let's all look at the poisonous deadly dinosaurs!!
T-Rex1013: He did? Damned Hollywood spawning the idea of a Igor slave working for him...:(
sup niggers
Sorry, the CGI budget ran out.
XD
MOVING ON!
damn adds
Troll'd
The problem with large enclosures.
no diloposaurus but they'll be here
Lolollolololol
Trollolol
Ad-block my friend
Iwa yeah, Hollywood is an idiot sometimnes
soon...
BRONTOSAURUS: I Am A Stegosaurus! :I
/me mutates VenHur
But how effective is a shot gun gonna be against a Raptor?
what ads? :D
Those things are fast
Just put'em in cages. Problem solved.
@VenHur We become members of the glorious Dinosaur Empire?...
not very
only me
SAM JACKSON@
pony_3045 I like trains
SpadeKyurem[R], bullets are still faster. If you hit it, it will bleed
You essentally have one shot and if you miss you're dead
Jageman: still point is dino's are naturally armored like crocodiles. Unless it's an extremely high power rifle it won't down it in one shot
I loved the days when you could smoke in the office
RainbowAsh: You have to hit it first
Newman!
Ostrich = rl raptor..don't mess with them birds
I'm tired of these motherfucking dinos...
T-Rex1013: Guess it was the formula those days...Mad genius plus retarded assistent...both in kid's and serious adult themes
Jurassic Park drinking game : take a shot whenever :"We spared no expense!"
It's all Windows ME's fault!
pony_1390, inB4 Terrible Thunder Lizards.
otakon: nothing can take a rifle round to the head
Gabe Newel?
Nedry!!!!
gaben
oh great, this asshat
>nothing
otakon: nothing
Is that you?
wuz gud niqqa
i need some food
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lxxx71sIu31r9e4mmo1_500.jpg
>Crocodile gets shot in the head
GABEN AND KFC GUY!
wuz real gud
SpadeKyurem[R] Very effective if its only one raptor, since REAL velociraptors were ONLY 3 FEET TALL AND WERE PROBABLY SCAVENGERS.
>walks away
Jageman: what rifle? .308? or a .50 cal? specify
Dat Product placement
Happens all the time
Oh he has a gift with people!
look at all those pizza boxes
Hey! The KFC guy is Samuel Jackson...Respect Him!
I think the people were supposed to be in buildings if anything went wrong. You can't miss with a shotgun in a hallway
I would prefer to use a fast firing weapon against raptors
i eat aaaaaaaaaalot and people think im anorexic since im no fat at all
SpadeKyurem[R]: no, you need POWER
A shot gun doesnt work well for a fast dino
Best excuse for not working: "It's compiling!"
Origins of the modern nerd.
otakon: it depends on the dino
And you have a fenced-in area for the t-rex on your guided tour WHY?!?
SpadeKyurem[R]: SPAS loaded with slugs
Trollestia: that was incredable
Kujo_Jojo: Not today, Eager McBeaver!
too quite
otakon: Whats more worth it a power gun that if you miss your fucker or a fast firing weapon
SpadeKyurem[R]: you need stopping power to kill a beast that big not rate of fire
I think there are instances of humans surviving a head shot
/me runs like hell.
What about explosive ammo?
*fucked
LordDerpington: Or, of course, the infallable "It's calibrating!"
Thanks Ta_Dikin
i'd say a shotgun or a 50 caliber weapon would do it.
IMMA LISTENIN' to the most AWESOME song ever
Calibrations.
He's making so many messed up computer references that I'd cry foul at this movie if he weren't probably lying his butt off.
FUN FACT: THe raptors portrayed in this movie are actually Utah Raptors, the largest raptor found todate. Velociraptors were a much smaller breed, being only 3 feet tall, most likely covered in feathers, and were porabbaly scavengers
T Rex of the movie will be very interesting
A Slug would mess those dinosaurs up.
FUCKING GOD
also dinos wasnt lizards, they were chickens
lolol...Woman
VenHur I have plenty of serum and time it will happen
say whaaaat.
What about explosive or incendiary ammo?
And I'm crying foul on "Man destroying God"
BITCH
I would think a T rex would take several shotgun shots to down it
badumm*tshh
lol woman
Zohrd: well the problem is if the round doesn't penetrate the skin it might not kill it
Utah raptors? So they have very open relationships?
also, argonians are trees and khajits arent cats
get your stinkin god out of my movies
lol, CriticKitten
CriticKitten most likely
nom nom nom
Goat wins!!!!
T Rex got downgraded
Dinosaurs were Scootaloos?
otakon: .50 BMG would do it
I'm still waiting for th dinos
Kujo_Jojo: You sick little...
Look at that goat! It's so cuuute~~~
Stock goat sounds, Yay
BURP
You know the Dilophosaurus is also the wrong size those get up to twelve feet tall
YES, The Goat shall die
"They had a petting zoo with tiny ewes...!" :P
Iron Will nooooo
Wait, it's gonna do what??
Goat A wishes he had stayed workign with iron Will
How many shot gun blasts would it take to down a T rex?
Baaaaaa
Goats are not lambs
NOOOO IRON WILLL!!!!
yeah, well they're carnivores.
Iron WIll is a bull not a goat
Fuck the dinosaurs, that goat is scary!
This really gets my goat
>implying a shotgun would kill it at all
argonians are trees, and khajit arent cats
It willy!
Yes you can.
Sundaysmile, he's a minotaur
:# aww goat
VenHur to make sure I injected myself
SpadeKyurem[R]: you couldn't kill it with that, too large. It would be like trying to take a whale down with a shotgun
goats have the weirdest eyes.
IF SOME DINO TRIES TO BLOCK SHOW THEM YOU ROCK
they're like hyprnotoad eyes.
MJÆÆÆHHh◙~
What are we watching?
Booooooooooooooooooooooooooring
NOO IRON WILL'S ASSITENTS!!!
this is an awesome website XD
Goat to be something exciting soon
http://images.nationalgeographic.com/wpf/media-live/photos/000/196/cache/feathered-dino-update-change-age_19676_600x450.jpg
At a million shotgun blasts the trex might die
They have nothing at all to stop a T rex
hammond is dissappoint
I hate that Man!!!
probably..
Morons
you know what kills everything? an RPG.
LOL
me too
lol
Dat Jeff
otakon: if you know where to shoot, a .308 could work though
http://i.imgur.com/HwmDW.jpg
me too
`Xenu: Congrats, you just won an internet
The guns aren't there to kill the dinosaurs, colonel Saners didn't want to kill them because he values them more than people
We all really hat that man.
Combustiblelemons: wont kill sumerpan
hat?
THE DINOS ARE DEADLY
He is Discord!
I saw that one
HAT?! GABE?!
sumerpan is invincible to all except frying pans.
Oh, god, Sumerpan.
I immagine a round from a tank could do some damage.
but flying dinosaur can leave the island since a bird can e.e
We all really hate that man.
Well, it's very simple, miss. You see, you gather six rainbow-colored gems called "Chaos Emeralds".....
did you say hat HAT HAAAAAATTTTT
THERE ARE ONLY 2 THINGS THAT KILL A T-REX: A SPINOSAURUS AND ANOTHER T-REX and maybe a rocket launcher like they used in the actual Jurassic Park book
FUCKING GOD
What about a Gatling gun vs a T rex? :)
Jageman: yeah the eye, mouth. But everywhere else you've got to thick muscle and heavy bones and plates.
http://img.thesun.co.uk/multimedia/archive/00475/SNN2525GX1_475740a.jpg
She is not very smart for a scientist, is she?
i still bet on trex
otakon: so?
Dat Jeff Goldblum
RainbowAsh: she is a paleontologist
You old dog, Malcolm.
well imma go play banjo tooie XD
Come on T Rex
and scootaloo at the end
most charming man in the world
`Xenu, please pardon my nitpicking, but for the sake of rhyming, that ought to be "If some(2) dino tries to block,(5) show them that you rock!(5)"
Jageman: now shoot it in the eye when it's rushing you full speed
RainbowAsh: Paleontologist. Figures.
this is not chaos theory
RainbowAsh: different area of science
or becasue you cant aim for shit, dude
how fast can raptors even run?
He's a Chos Theoriticin, she's a paleobotanist. Different disciplines.
THIS SHOT
SpadeKyurem[R]: How fast is the wind.
YU CAN SEE HIM!
IDIOT
otakon: 2,650 ft/s, would go right through the skull anywhere
HA
WHO IS DRIVING
otakon, yeah, but that's just common sense
Jageman: a skull like a battering ram?
4the other car is missing
why is there a steering wheel on the car if it drives itself?
No, that's just Jeff Goldblum
Windows 98 is driving
glitchdetector: it drives itself
GHOST DRIVER
otakon: yes
OH SHIT
A Gatling vs a T rex
Combustiblelemons: If the auto drive fails?
they're fucking doomed
....wait, you don't have locks on your car doors? WHY?!?
glitchdetector: Jesus took the wheel
You aren't supposed to get out when there's freaking bison outside your car, much less T Rexes
otakon: that is how guns work
it's sorta on rails SpadeKyurem[R]
GOOD GAWD
T rex > gattling gun
Jageman: dude have you SEEN a T-Rex skull? it's HUGE and HEAVILY plated
Damn! I must be a genius!
Stellafera: bison are bastards
Combustiblelemons: If they ever have to go offroad and outrun a T-Rex? :P They really thought ahead there.
gatling gun beats all angeling
CriticKitten: I have no idea. Somebody should critique them on that.
o.o
SpadeKyurem[R] Depends on which one. Utah Raptors were most likely actual predators, so prbably fast enough to chase down other dinos.
http://static.environmentalgraffiti.com/sites/default/files/images/Deinonychus_feathered.jpg
otakon: you over estimate the strength of calcium
true pony_4908
otakon: If it bleeds, we can kill it!
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-9vHGGZyPnMs/T4OtC52Db6I/AAAAAAAAH80/5jL5gg27m4E/s1600/feathereddinosaur734295.jpg
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Top 10 Pony Videos of November
Hey listen
HEY
LOOK
HEY
hi
ghosts haunt the place
i can agree with that logic
STAY HE SAID
lolwhat
mmmmppphhmppph
So in reality, you would have to have NERVES OF STEEL TO HIT A FAST RAPTOR COMING RIGHT AT YOU
timmy
timmay!
WOAH CHECK THAT SHIT
I really wish timmy died
Jageman: you over estimate the stopping power of a .308, six feet of water will stop it so why not 2 feet of solid bone?
Timmy: incapable of following simple directions
timmmmyy
You deserve whatever is coming for you kid
TIMMY !!!!
timmy fell down the well
mppph
CHECK. THAT. SHIT. OUT.
kill timmy
and then got eaten
THERE'S A DINOSAUR, LET GO RUN AT IT
0 for effort lady
its TIMMY TIME
Why isn't that in an enclosure?
welp it's 2:50, I'm out for now
Are we in Terrydactyl land now?
otakon: the trex skull was not made to stop bullets
omg they have killed timmy !!!
05if that was me timmy wouldnt be abel to move an inch without me snappign him back in place
RainbowAsh: herbs roam free
goddamit Tim, you're just like Carl from the walking dead, you are never where you are supposed to be!
tricerapony
kill that kid!
When did we get into Banjo Tooie?
05you dont run away in a place like that
SpadeKyurem[R]: I don't know, you're the navigator
those feels.
Smart
otakon: the difference is the water bleeds away the energy of the round
It's only a dinosaur, nothing to be scared of
CHECK THE SHIT LOOK AT THE SHHHEIIIT
Jageman: well you don't know that, but what is the biggest animal killed with a .308? anyway I'm out for now
RainbowAsh: Because obviously herbivores don't need to be kept in enclosures for safety reasons or anything
ew
otakon, more people get killed by hippos than by lions each year. You don't want to roam big herbivores roam free.
ive always loved banjo tooie
We landed in Star Foz Adventures!
Wrek: unless you want to be crushed or eaten
oh noes
Fox*
Azuredragon: Where's Krystal?
otakon: the skull would absorb the energy and be punctured
brony2thextreme: Terrydactyl Land? :)
Jageman: the bullet would shatter
http://www.wired.com/images_blogs/wiredscience/2012/04/y_huali.jpg
If it doesn't eat meat there's no danger I mean look at hippos... oh wait they are more dangerous than lions
HOLY MUTHA OF ~
Pterdactyle
HE LOVES FUCKING DINOSAURS
there already are pretty scary things on this planet as is...a hiooppotamus for example..look it up... up to 45000 kg, 6 inch thick skin , 25 mph fast, extremely agressive; kill hundreds/year
how to not spook a dinosaur, touch it everywhere, exteraly and internaly...
otakon: but would not stop
dinophilia
sadly im only at jolly rogers lagoon :(
actually t-rex suppose to look like
damn
>Is brilliant scientist
Combustiblelemons: Hell yeah
those numebers
Pterdactyles were not dinosaurs, they were reptiles
>Lays on dinosaur
typed too fast
Wrek: They packed, it, packaged, wrapped it on a lunchbox, and then they sell it, they sell it, they sell it!
otakon: the shrapnel would enter the brain
stool sample
of course
CHECK THAT SHIT
otakon: that is how hollow points work
ITS POOP
What not not movie is not this?
best quote in movie coming up
Dat render distance
Im sorry to say I found shit in your poop
Trollestia: Hahahaha!
Trollestia literally
otakon: they shatter on purpose
seems legit >_>
crt <3
Hi, Im a batshit crazy scientist and welcome to Jackass!
http://ask.metafilter.com/20369/How-do-you-kill-a-TRex for you Jageman and I am GONE!
Paquack: DRHUnleashed: I'll see myself out.
Ive heard of studying shit, but this is ridiculous
NARWALS ARE PHERESTRHOTHICK
We're arguing about how bullets work on dinos
Damn
What are we doing with our lives
lol
Hey look, it's Fox news headquarters!
Why didn't i pick a nickname......
haha
thats a lot of fish....er ...poop
Five minutes to cross an island?
CHECK. THAT. SHIT.
LOL
Holy Shit!
BIG PILE OF SHIT
THATS A LOAD OF BULLSHIT
Ugh..
that is a lot of shit
CHECK THAT SHIT OUT LITERALLY
This shit is getting old
CHAOS ON BULLSHIT MOUNTAIN
...Gross...
lol caps
\shot
The great mighty poo?
if you want to kill a t-rex you take a browning machinegun
brony2thextreme: I said that already!
Is that you?
problem solved
goldblum's right where he should be
Bullshit Mountain is the best mountain.
thats the 2nd biggest pile of shit i've ever seen\
pony_6094 just use the /nick command. type /nick and then the name you want
amongst a pile of crap.
AND IM GONNA THROW MY SHIT ON YOU!
http://3.bp.blogspot.com/__7l69n0HOFA/TUzVpLQEZJI/AAAAAAAAAT4/KDLFpsFbS90/s1600/EvolutionFactTrexChicken.jpg
brb
I'm getting to old for this shit
Gatling gun > Trex
Trollestia: dat jon stewart
nyehehehe
>Ba dum dish
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: MLP Comic Issue #2 Teasers on iTunes
WHY IS THE SHIT PILES SO BIG
lol didint see trollestia calm down :P
he is programming the weather!
Hey, cowvarkian http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lxxx71sIu31r9e4mmo1_500.jpg
listen to ugly tie guy
Veloshitraptors, Trishitotops, Apatoshitus
Trollestia: I remember that
cowvarkian: Yeah, I've had it up since last night :D
hes hacking bronystate
..
There's derping I can do?
NEWMAN
DONT LISTEN A GABEN
Why is this fat guy trying to ruin everything?
Nittany_Discord: They just rolled with it?
Give him 15 minutes. It will be worth the wait
i wish i were here for the how to train your dragon movie
WTF?!
love that movie
I'll take one
Dat prophetic wisdom
Dat comic teaser
Seems legit
SpadeKyurem[R]: He feels Hammond pays not enough
Smooth.
How To Train Your Dragon was filled with Gak on Euro movie night
Dat humanoid creature in Equestria... D:
dat applejack face
He's such a bad liar.
>_> there you go
So...
Gaben is evil!
Dat wallpaper
DAT POOOOOORN
>_>
Knew it
dat big red button
bamn.
Say expense again! Say expense again! I adre you I double dare you motherfu**er!
DAT BACKGROUND
damn&
Alchemist: expense
Expensive
hey gaben saved pc gaming :/
I KNEW GABEN WAS EVIL
was that samuel l jackson?
Alchemist: Don't be shy, you can fucking cuss on here :D
Gabe is awesome :(
show some respect
yes Anaruski
What're you up to, Wayne Knight?
Trollestia: fuck yeah
He activated the Halflife 3 selfdestruct!
he doesn't deserve the hate he gets :(
hahaha
xD
Expensive expenses
cowvarkian: FUCK YEAH
HAAAAAAAAAAAX
(I dont hate him, im just joking)
Trollestia: fuck yeah
Woops cheese is awesome
Dat zippo
cowvarkian: So... How's life been lately?
zippo is best lighter
zippos are overrated
Oh well
No
Trollestia: boring and repetitive
GREAT SECURITY IDIOTS
makes your smokes taste like lighter fluid
back in the day when the good guys still smoked in the movies
The Tessarak?
ms-park security is offline...
cowvarkian: Ain't that the truth. At least we got some Season 3 Pony episodes, that helps me get through the week.
hes evil.... evil.... EVIIIL!
I use a Zippo. And can't imagine using anything else.
that LN2 storage
SOMEONE SET US UP THE BOMB
Gaben is destructing the HL3 engine?
Sundaysmile: thats why you only use them for setting fires
The guy in the straw hat that gave him the shaving cream can is paying him like ten million to steal this stuff
WHY IS THIS SECURITY SO SHIT
or don't smoke
he turned the security off
SpadeKyurem[R]: It's like the TSA before 2001
First they revives dinosaurs with Dino DNA...Then maybe...they'll mutates... [gulp] ...us.
yay..
http://images.wikia.com/mlp/images/a/a2/Scootaloo_fluttering_across_to_the_right_S3E4.png - cutest t-rex
I would have done the same...just without the dumb
dat goldblum
Dinosaur makes the Shaving cream good
VenHur: Who says they didn't already have done so in the past? :o
pony_3045: THAT'S NO DINOSAUR
ohshi-
Im tired of these motherfucking dinosaurs in this motherfuckin park!
Does anyone know the name of that frilled dinosaur?
Is that Samuel L.?
And the fat guy screws them over
Iwa: Well, uh...
Yes
Luna is the best pony
Trollestia, dinosaurs are chickens :P
Thats Samuel Jackson
NEEWWWMMAAAANNNN
So here's a fun question
he gainbed some weight
fat guy screws himself over by letting carnivores loose
like why would you do this
pony_3045: Okay, it just needs more context is all :D
Damn. 6_9
A... complete SLUT?
If he wanted to escape the park, couldn't he just drive out? >_>
Trollestia: slob
Look a half life 3 disc!
Why shut down all the security on the fences?
It's on an island.
And this is what?
Isn't it on an island or sometihng?
sup guys i'm back
Did the fat man scew himself over?
Gaben is abandoning the hl3 project
NM, you?
Oh well... Alchemist, he's probably one of those too :D
Gaben
It's on an island, yes, but the park itself is designed with entrances and exits that don't involve being shocked to death
Why Did you Go Inside the Damn Velociraptor Cage....WHY
CriticKitten, just to cover his escape.
Why not use those? >_>
SEEMS LEGIT
he's trying to steal the dino DNA that much I understand
lol
well 50/50
stand back, im hacking!
Nedry = Worst driver... ever!
You didn't say the magic word!
LOL
http://img.gawkerassets.com/img/187o78ksd0avngif/original.gif
Uh-uh-uh!
huh?
ah ah ah
YOU DIDN'T SAY THE MAGIC WORD
Is this Juressic Park :)???
ah ah ah
Ah Ah AH
uh uh uh
And...with the DNA...he'll might mutates our popularity!
Ah ah ah!
stand back, I'm going to try SCIENCE
Trolling
ah ah ah! ah ah ah! ah ah ah! ah ah ah! ah ah ah! ah ah ah! ah ah ah!
Gaben trollface
you diddn't say the magic word
THE HORRORS! THE HORRORS OF IT ALL!
the first troll
Hacking? Whut.
Stellafera: Tell me about it.
TO STOP A GABEN
hacking bs.
The magic word is HATS
ZOOM AND ENHANCE
No one else in the lab knows JavaScript?
magic is the magic word
The password is always "swordfish"
hey bronies have you tried a peanut butter and ice cream sandwich?
no
Its probably "PLEASE"
yes
LordDerpington: No the password is password
Brony_ponies: No.
Kandarihu: But that's an AWFUL idea. Think about it, he's driving through the dino area himself.
OMG IT IS JURESSIC PARK 8D
password1 - it needs letters and numbers
Kandarihu: So he's risking his own life by shutting those fences off.
I have and It's yummy
Brony_ponies: peanut butter and pickles are pretty good
sam fisher
Haha laywer.
lol heavy = expensive
dat logic
password is 12345
p4ssw0rd
Tim, you son of a biiiiitch!
Nope
Screw you lawyer guy.
IMMAH KEEL YUU!
CriticKitten, yeah. You got a point there.
nightvisiony
password is 12345
eat timmy
:O
it costs 400,000 dollars to wear these goggles for 12 seconds.
heavy = expensive
Idiot, it's the owner's grandkids, they can do whatever they want
Dat technology
Oooh, nightvisiony
You just take two peices of bread put peanut butter and ice cream on both sides and squish them together!
Goat sandvich
cowvarkian: You kidding?
hahaha
i need a hug.................e stick to beat you with
WHO TOUCHED MY GOOGLES!
Trollestia: about peanut butter and pickles? no
Ohhhh Boy
Run
cowvarkian: Really? I'll have to try it sometime.
:S I have no huge sticks!
peanut butter, ham mayo and pickels is good too
Dat face
classic scene
Vince the shamwow guy touched sasha.
oh man..
BOOM SPLASH BOOM SPLASH
Run
DRINK DRINK
Run Tim!
Running only makes the flesh more tasty =3
RUN
Welp
WUB WUB WUB
DRIVE THE FUCK OUT, BITCHES!
well then just a hug c:
drink the taco
T-Rex1013: THIS IS YOUR TIME TO SHINE
http://images2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120810055222/mlp/images/2/2c/Cutie_Mark_Crusaders_group_hug_S01E23.png
bangarang
DONT SIT THERE, RUN
u ded
most memorable scene
DINOZORDS ASSEMBLE!
A wild Vinyl approaches
Yup, power sounds like that
Ninosmr: WUB WUB WUB, OH YEAH
YEAH JUST DRINK THE TACOOO
Power coming on, yep, that explains it.
ROAAAWR
gotye is gone.
rawr
DAT LEG
oh there it is
DONT SIT THERE
RUN
You just take two peices of bread put peanut butter and ice cream on both sides and squish them together to make a peanut butter and ice cream sandwich!
ohshi-
I love how the "hacker" just starts screaming.
oh, there's the goat...
"I will sent him an offer he cannot refuse"
SHOW TIME
05this was wehn it was allowed to chop an animal up as movie props
BURP
Well fuck.
lol
Hellow there
OM NOM NOM
RAWR
scooot
DINOZORDS
This is quite the rexing situation
yum
don't move.
hehe its meee
Welp, they're screwed.
Brony_ponies: sounds good. which kind of ice cream?
I AM A STEGOSAURUS
<--- A SMALL THING HERE, when the glass gets TORN LOSE inside the car, the kids scream... FOR REAL, it broke :D
oh no :(
T-rex: OHAI, YOU SED U WANTED SOME GOAT?
Red Ranger Power
Fail
evenin' everypony
It "saur" where he went.
Epic... and stupid... fail
RUN ITS GODZIRRA!
DON'T DO EEET
Brony_ponies: or just any ice cream
:'(
Amd now you know the rex of the story
Genius hiding spot
cowvarkian: vanilla
HIDE IN THE BATHROOM
Run, my cow friend!
lol
ah, that scene
most memorable moment.
hahahaha
Rule #1: Stay inside the car!
when you gotta go you gotta go
Brony_ponies: ah, ok
seems legit
/me frees SuperBrony64.
Washroom is more safe than the jeeps?
NOW RUN
Well double fuck.
he should stay in car
RUN IT GODZILLA!
Wrek: Are... Are you kidding? Please tell me you're kidding. Well, then again... I guess there was that real horse head in The Godfather.
toilet>car
05rule 2: stay inside the car
I like that they have a "shit myself" station at the T-Rex Paddock
Suddenly fucked
IT GOGIRA
Dinoland, the sequel to zombieland.
Prisonbreak
sh*t gonna get real son
Wrek: Rule 3: I don't know, muffins, I suppose?
i would say... RUN
dat roar
Sundaysmile: ikr
HROOOOO!
run, its the whale gorilla!!!
RUN ITS GOJIRA
Wrek: Rule 4: PROFIT!
Yay?
RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAR
This is why the doors should be on seperate systems from the fences
We need a Gatling gun
RAWR
ITS GODZILLA
Well. Triple fuck.
RUN
So you're basically dead
tyrannosaurus vision based on movement
Anaruski: exactly
Anaruski: Alot more really.
Don't move. It's a t-rex
That only works on movies..., oh wait, this is a movie
IMM
IMMA
there goes tokio
IMMA FIRIN MAH LAZOR
I turn my volume up for that roar
But due to intternaitonal copyright laws its not
BRILLIANT GIRL.
Stupid kid.
Oh god
BRILLIANT.
Dumb kids!
yeah attract its attention!
so how does he find the guy on the the toilet?
NO
OPPA T-RE STYLE
TURN IT OFF DAMMIT
TURN IT OFF
VenHur: Rule 4: Always carry Muffins for Muffin emergencies.
<--- Natural Selection please
FUCKING KID YOU IDIOT
GENIUS
TURN IT OFF YOU BITCH
05again
RUN ITS GOJIRA BUT DUE TO INTERNATIONAL COPYRIGHT LAWS ITS NOT BUT WE SHOULD STILL RUN LIKE ITS GOJRA
GENIUS
0513 reasosn to smack a bitch
05turns ligths on
IDIOT
Lmao
these kids are idits
Grab a nice solid hold on that idiot ball, kids
most kids tend to be idiotd
turn it off
Hey, a T-Rex, let's shine a light at its face! :D
O_O
Ninosmr: Just wait until the human toast.
Kids are idiots.
How can you rexplain that kind of logic
HAI
FUCKING KID
Yum yum
TURN THE DAMN THING OFF
peekaboo
T-Rex " Oh thanks for letting me see where you are"
TURN. THE. FUCKING. LIGHT. OFF. RIGHT. FUCKING. NOW.
someone farted
THEYRE JUST KIDS AND THEYRE PANICKING GIVE THEM AB REAK
Paquack, that's a nice rule
Wrek: , i found the idiot ball <----------
Timmy, this is all your fault, damnit!
brony2thextreme: that's why it's so sad they are rarely killed off in movies
CAR-TIPPING
That is such a good sound.
kids = retards
FUS
canned meals
and that's why you always keep an anti material rifle in a tourjeep through a park FULLF OF GODDAMN DINOSAURS
DUMB BITCH KEPT THE LIGHT ON
THIS GLASS SCENE IS REAL, it REALLY broke and scared the children! XD
"Hey guys, come on out. I wanna play. :D
NOW THEY SCREAM
Don't move kids! It can't see you if you don't move.
IDIOTS
STOP MOVING IT
AT LEAST SHINE IT DOWN
Point it face down
Wrek: they have enough time to escape, yet they never do
HERE LEMME HELP YOU OUT
if only they were in this movie XD
RAPE TIME!
ac-130 inbound
glass vs 50 ton t rex... yeah.
Get Timmy!!
The t-rex wants a kiss
brony2thextreme: red_ony: yeah, kids should get killed in movies where it makes sense that they would die. Then again, that'd be really controversial.
How about we shine a light in mr t-rex's face. Obviously we won't get hurt :D
tip it
EAT TIM
yeah kill the kid
T-rex: Hold on let me help!
RIOT!
I love you, truck
damn air wick ads
Jeff, here, have the idiot ball!
Oh sorry!
yeah! car tipping!
Combustiblelemons: 50 tons? I say closer to 3. :P
^
either the glass or the KIDS would break it it crushed them like that
om nom nom car
When aproblem comes along. You must tip it
ths dinoasur is one smart fucker
Tasty Car
i forget my facts.
The t-rex will get you out!
TAKE THAT YOU SCREAMING BASTARDS
lock and load
Dat Goldblum stare
Combustiblelemons: glass + a couple dozen tons T-rex leaning on two kids
Uh,.....do you need me, uh, uh.....i heard some kids were screaming
<-- Sam Niel burnt his hand in this scene
Yes. a flare TOTALLY works
/me attempts to eat kids
They live in the novel. Thus, they live here instead of dying for your cycnicism.
So kids, you having fun?
MYEEEEEEES?
FETCH
logic isn't it
SHIT
i need an adult...
So how different is the movie from the book?
fetch
Oh, NOW he's acting?
IDerp
Kencolt: but cynicism is fun....
catch the ball fido
People, the kids are not idiots; theyre KIDS and theyre PANICKING!! Id like to see one of you be hunted by a FUCKING DINOSAUR AND NOT PANICK
IDIOTS
<--- WHY IS EVERYONE IDIOTS
I wanna be a hero too!
T-Rex: Best. Novelty. Account. EVER.
like a cat and a lasrerpoointer
Heyheyehy
Anyone else think the T-rex sounds a little like berserk Evangelion UNit 01?
dumbass!
whoops
love this part
Nope
SO MANY IDIOT
lol
I CAN'T HELP...........IT'S TOO BEAUTIFUL
Well, he's a moron
Hai there
Set it on fire like the headcrab zombies!
I dThats embarassing.
Gundam stylee?
She turned the light on and LEFT IT ON
i love this part :P
BYE BYE
oh god
WELL SHIT
<--- Ian killed the Lawyer actually :D
IM TRYING TO TAKE A CRAP!
ded on the shitter
THEY ALL have a hold of the idiot ball
lol hahahha
Well you're fucked.
DONT MOVE
What a shitty way to die...
/me Shit Happens
NOOOO
OCCUPIED
NOM.
NOM NOM NOM
ho u fucked son
That the shit is this
DONT MOVE
DED
he died like elvis
nom nom nom nom
NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM.
SirGanjalf: Ba-dum tsss
05his shit smells
SirGanjalf: :D
did he died?
the game of thrones one is /perfect/
That was a terribly built bathroom
Wanna look cool and be like a hacker? Just click "hack" and tap on the keyboard :D http://hackertyper.net/
SpadeKyurem[R]: OOh god, hahaha
No, he's alive.
no ithink hes fine..
Did he say fuck? Did that kid say fuck?
kuoli saatana...
oh good
shut up
Girl shut the hell up.
did that kid say fuck
SHUT UP
I would buy that
DAMNIT KDIS
shut up.
SHUT UP
i'm in that awesome scene. everyones running round but I'm just like riding on my tricycle eating a peanut butter sandwich.
smack her
DUMB BITCH
STFU bitch.
stfu
DAMN BRAT
smack her peeease
wait did that kid just sat "oh fuck?"
sacrafice the girl
DO I HAVE TO SLAP A BITCH
Wrek: what a shitty way to----SirGanjalf beat me to it
then runm
Sems legit
bitch smack that hoe
Ninosmr: I THINK HE DID.
Goldblum, get the spaceship! Wait, wrong movie...
SpadeKyurem[R]: The book has a lot more "ecience" in it-- much of which the author admits probably wouldn't actually work-- and a fair number of scenes were missing, which later got used in The Lost World.
SHES A FUCKING KID GIVE HER A FUCKING BREAK
so how did he see the guy on the toilet?
he didn't move.
NAAW CUTIE DINOSAUR<33
dat spin
Ninosmr: yes
/me was out of fucks to give
now lets play spin the car!
I'd say "fuck" too(and a lot) if i were on their place
Kencolt: "science"
?
wasn't the T-rex a savanger?
T-Rex1013: but hating on kids makes us feel superior!
You've got to credit Michael Crichton - he did do his research well for his books.
eat the kid, yea
SPIN DA RCORD BOI
God, Everyone is stupid
twixie_sprinkle: ikr
Combustiblelemons, he did move a little. Also he was a lawyer,
she just want a making friend!
How many more people died in the book?
butt
did i miss the fat guy dying
how did it climb that? o.O
scavenger also implies eating anything smaller than you
Well that throws the whole motion theory out the window. >_>
OMG IT'S SPIKE OWO
SpadeKyurem[R]: Yes. It's a Crichton novel. I's gonna be talky.
hugz nao?
lawyers are people too ;_;
Why can't we be friends why can't we be friends
choke
alexxm: Not yet
oh shi-
twixie_sprinkle hate on the people who gave the dinosaurs thier hunting instincts, not the underage kids who have to suffer
Fat guy hasnt died yet
<-----The Tyrannosaurus' roars were a combination of dog, penguin, tiger, alligator, and elephant sounds.
HUGZ
And he left the boy under the car, IDIOT
Did anyone die less or differently in the Book?
Fluttershy would have solved this in 10 seconds flat
Die less?
ded
T-rex is like"F*** yeah, i killed a car!
Jageman: hunter
^^
raaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh
Don't quite remember...
as in not so many
Takt that, car!
Stellafera: TRUE
"Stop buying poor vehicles"
Mejzen:yes lol then twilight will go to the scene sayingSPIKE WATCHA DOING THERE DRESSING UP LIKE A DINOSAUR!
They left the damn boy under the car!!!
Dark_Horst: how do they know that?
Whoever put that hacker website on, THANK YOU THAT'S BEAUTIFUL
SpadeKyurem[R], Hammond got eaten by a group of those small carnivors right at the end. I think that is different in the movie
Why did the t-rex shove the car off the ledge?
Jageman: think about it. this thing's body is built for the sole purpose of sprinting
Ohai Samuel L. Jackson. Already back from VGAs?
Jageman: a scavenger wouldnt need to do tha
that T-Rex i like FUCK YEAH DOUBLE KILL
They left the freaking kid under the car.
WHAT DAFUQ?
robert is bro
ikr
meme incoming.
T-Rex1013: eh we can hate on all of em a once! but im being ironic, i agree with you ofc
It's like a cat. It loves pushing things off ledges.
05send da faking hunta
Dark_Horst: it was too large to sprint very far
Ninosmr: Triple actually
Humans are actually built to be fantastic endurance runners
Wrek: Snipah can handle it
I forgot Samuel Jackson played in Jurassic Park
Uh-uh-uh
ive never watched it
get a gun dumbass
Dark_Horst: don't forget how heavy it is
he gonna die
Newman:|
So has the fat man fucked himself over?
:O
SHIGGY DIGGY
Jageman: it was also large enough to sprint very fast. cheetas dont go very far either
FAT ASS GONNA DIE
DAMMIT JACKSON CALL IN THE AVENGERS
Gaben = fuck the fan-police
¸lol
NOW YOU FUCKED UP
SpadeKyurem[R]: yeah, he's a real fat fuck.
I like how their fix for Nedry's hack is "turn it off and on again"
moron doesn't look where he's driving.
great driving
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lxxx71sIu31r9e4mmo1_500.jpg
Damnit Ned you had one job.
I haven't either
NOW YTOU HAVE FUCKED UP
Stark can figure it out in ten seconds
ONE
im at lord woo fak fak :O
But some people are obsessed with it
Dark_Horst: cheetas are also smaller and more efficant
fatfail
Drove into the Damn Velociraptor cage
Dat sound effect
Trollestia: way to early
he velma now
YOU FUCKING FAT FUCKING FAT FUCK
Gaben turned into a wheel
What an idiot
oh shit i cant watch tis. HEY EVERYBODY I CANT WATCH THIS. OH SHIT (props if you got that reference)
thats a faster way down a slope
*TWEEEE
Tony Stark fixed that car in a cave, with a box of scraps!
why does he have to be so fat and nerdy... :/
Jinkies! :O
twixie_sprinkle: I DON'T CARE IT'S FUNNY.
Jageman: they have also less powerfull muscles
i got a crabsticks /)^3^(\
Idiot driving into the Damn Velociraptor cage
Paquack: and turned it into a transformer
love this part
WHats tthe name of the frilled dinosaur?
classic It's-funny-cause-he's-fat
Dark_Horst: as you double in size you quadruple the mass
dolphin!
oh look, blubber snakc
did that dino squee?
cowvarkian: Hahaha!:D
SpadeKyurem[R]: Dilophosaurus or something
herro.
*Squee*
it would be funny to buy RIM stock
Oh god
peekaboo
run
haaaai
Trololololoo
and give it as gifts as a joke
Run
Yeah that's nice, bye.
Dark_Horst: that would make it too heavy to sprint
aww he wanna play
Daaaw, look at the wittle dino.
Awwww
aww
awww
ded
Gaben its like: oh hi HL2 fan... he... go-gotta fgo
its the headless HORSE!
Jageman: well, if he was a scavenger, why would he have a hunter build then?
Idiot...RUN
yep
What a cute little fella
talk to him
Aww sheeet'!!
aw so cute
05should have kept his glasses
HE DED
Dinosaurs want HL3
HE IS FOOD
it got angry, because he called her "boy"
no food? you food!
Not quite the deft communication skills of fluttershy
Dark_Horst: what makes you think it had a hunter build
he is food
I have NOTHING on me!
LOL i thought you talked about the man 'cute'
...
Actually you have plenty of food
nope.
Jageman: just stated
Just ignore the thing
YOU ARE FOOD
DUMBASS
that bastard
He took that personal
dead
Dark_Horst: large meat eater does not mean hunter
...INSIDE
aww just keep him
KEEL HIM
Jagema
nom?
Jageman: didnt say that
god.
DED
omg
runnnnn
ded
:O
Smoozed!
He's just showing him he's incompetent in moving...idiot :P
"HL3 cancelled!? Well have some of THIS!"
What did it spit?
oh god
ew
he came.
Ewww
Hocked a loogey on him.
lolol episode 5 hrs ago
Ew...
it spits poison
holy shit thats awesome
cum
DO NOT LOOK AT IT
bukkake!
im a little late
stupid
SpadeKyurem[R], poison
MY EYES!
to paralyze its prey
GET BLINDED
OH GOD
<--- NOTICE THERE IS NO MUSIC
WELP
I came
Best part of the movie :D
HOW DID IT GET IN
NOPE
strange in deed Vordox
You are dead, not big surprise
Hahahahha
NOOO NOT THE DEOXYRIBONUCLEIC ACID
oh no not the whipped cream!
thing spits poison at you, stop at the car to take another look at it
oh shi-
Howäd it get inside?
DED
THE PLOT THICKENS!!!!
magic
bow chicka bowowo
well... shieeet.
NOTHING SEXUAL HAPPENED THAT DAY
No HL now
There's more than one of them, that's how.
wat ehy doin in there
Bow Chicka wow wow
he he
hmm
HL3*
TIMMEH!
i missed it cuz of an add
you mean timmy dieing?
Later fat guy.
TIMMEH IS STUCK IN THE WELL
Why is that Car on Fluttershy?
DIS NAME
I wish he ddied
*died
He left us! He left us!
panic time
rape face
I wish both of the kids died
hold that bitch under water for 1 minute, it should calm her tits
She is seriously gone-zo
dat pedo face
Sewer Level!
No, I mean the fat guy dying
05thats when you say "dont move or you die"
Stay here. Now screw this shit im going home XD
and then they run screaming and die
Idiots leaving the boy in the car with a T-Rex
They deserve to die
05hes better off without them
Wrek... So... In order to stay alive you gotta move?
dat girls like: #YOLOSWAGBASEDSWERVE
waaayyy better off
Wrek: We need your W-Rex :P
in order to stay alive you can't have kids
Blazing_Beatz: The kid is annoying, thats why I want to eat him
Thank god it's buffering only now and not during the episode
hah
teehee
the episode was good
ohshi-
atleast the kid doesn't talk has much at this point
poor scootaloo
05thinkign back
05humans are quite disgusting
Wrek: Took you this far?
we are aren't we
Hello Everypony! :P
Fluttershy is gonna drop them
pony_1600: teaching disclipine... like a boss.
Wrek, you dont say?
Dark_Horst: according to what i have read, the trex was a predator/scavenger.
11,02O.O moo
No.
SuperBrony64: :D
@wrek well took you long enough lol
Jageman: Read? Not mean seen?
Wrek: I like to think Im some what clean..in the sense
this is the worst ford explorer ad ever
Hai SuperBrony64
Just let Fluttertree take you down
Wrek: Yup, that japanese guy who ate a dutch woman few decades back agrees...Very stale, no flavour at all.
Hi everypony.
Jageman: he can be both
crap.
just climba round the tree not down no?
11,02Meanwhile: Moo?
oh noes the car is falling.. lets move a few inches to the side and it will miss us
Dark_Horst: that is what i just said
Jageman: was assuming you implied he was scavenger only
can't they move to the side....
No moo.
Those kids have anxiety attacks like the plague.
Hi everypony.
QTE Q TE
how've you been DinkyDoo
Mash A FASTER
SWANDIVE
YES, STARE AT THE FALLING JEEP
press X to not die
AC3 Mofos
Dark_Horst: most likley was not a pure scavenger
Being chased by dinosaurs isn't enough. They have to be chased by Falling cars.
Oh shit i pressed Y
Why didn'T they just drive the car down..much faster
SPAM X GOD DAMN IT!
SHAUUNNNN
do they have a killcam?
That's one heavy car... :O
Press X to Rick Krispies
SHAWN!
the cars that ate paris
Kencolt: They have to make a game out of that
dead.
i like when scootaloo and rainbow dash hugged
x
DINNERS SERVED
Achivement unlocked!
No, don't spam X
JAYSSSOOOOONNN
they already have.
several
you don't say?
11,02Meanwhile likes moo :D
lolz.
Dark_Horst: but also not likely as fearce a hunter as shown in this movie
and then the tree fell over
SuperBrony64: ohai
The T-Rex was the origami killer!
SuperBrony64 like moo
11,02hai cowvarkian :3/
JASOON!
quien habla español
Hey SB64
JASOOON
No Super, I do not. Nor do I like anything you do.
*bloop!* Achivement Unlocked
11,02wipergone2: O.O
these cars look like they came out of a happy meal
Ohai SuperBrony64 :3
Meanwhile: I liked you better with the moustache
I just lost the game
lol^^
GOLDBLUM!
Meheheh
Press X to Run
Dark_Horst: the fossil evidence suggests that the t rex may have not been able to run, or run very fast anyway
Jeff!
Jageman: well, he does need a lot of energy. if there's prey in front of his nose, he wont ignore it
Fail improper roar there
SuperBrony64: :S
cowvarkian: Implying I don't still have it.
kien chingados habla espalol
dat guy...
/me pokes SuperBrony64 :3
How the fuck did the Trex catch any food them?
dumbass shining your light
:D
Hold Y to focus on the roar
Meanwhile: >.> I was told otherwise
cowvarkian: By?
Dark_Horst: true
Just came back from eating lunch...
Meanwhile: I don't fucking remember
Epic music
11,02thelonevelociraptor: wub ^-^
I wonder about a theory...a very...creepy theory...
SuperBrony64: :D
wait.... wasn't that the side the T-rex came from?
#
epic teleport to the bottom of the pit
dem shrtshorts
then why the sudden drop?
cowvarkian: Well, I still have it. Consider whomever it was poorly informed.
Now see, if they would have used Sips Co. dirt, none of this would have happened...
Just. Stay. Still!
dat footprint.
or did it fucking climb the wall onto the road
STAY STILL
dat scene
mmm high quality dirt
lol
"CHECKMATE!"
Meals on wheels
haha
:D SirGanjalf
GOTTA GO FAST
Go catch your meals!
Gotta go fast!
how fast can T- rexes run again? 40mph?
GOTTA GO FAST\
gotta go fast
GOTTA GO FAST
Objects in mirror are closer than they appear?
PUNCH IIIIIIIT
NUMMIE
SNIPAH WILL SAVE YOu
Dark_Horst: there is a theory that the t rex had infectious saliva
FASTER FASTER
The origional fast food
Screaming "SHIT!" seems very appropriate
DAMNIT IAN!
LEG ITTTT
Objects in Mirror are Closer than the Appear
Playing that Jurassic Park Chuck E' Cheese game is finally gonna' pay off.
bump
LEG ITTTT
DRIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIVE!
I'm slightly confused as to what's going on, last time I was here the fat guy was being stupid and talking to a dinosaur
Objects in Mirror are Losing
GO HOME DINOSAUR!!!!
Jageman: entirely possible. komodo dragons have that too
LEG ITTTTTTT
DRIVE Fster ffs
I remember the arcade game where you shoot the dinosaurs.
RUN LIKE THE DICKENS!
You failed to catch your Meals on Wheels! Try again next time!
Hold RT to accelerate.
A meme before Internet...
VenHur: That game was amazing
Warning, objects in mirror are closer than they appear.
I herd of ordering your meal to go but this is ridiculous
"GAME OVER YEAHHHHH
Now if only the actors were badasses to actually DO that in the movie.
In the novel, Iam spent most of this part whacked out on morphine-- because of pain-- and babbling scraps of wierd science and philosophy... which helped explain the plot. ^_^
Save Point
Jageman: huge monitor lizard. lives only on the komodo islands. nasty bite
warning- objects in mirror are faker than they appear.
FRANCIS
That's the type of fast food they should serve in the US.
Alternate LT and RT to climb!
Now see, if that had been a bear driving they would have been in trouble
" I HATE TREES "
SuperBrony64: \:3/
HE HATES FLUTTERSHY D:
Hold Y to Climb Tree
Dark_Horst: it that theory is true, it would not need to be very fast, just get in 1 bite and walk the prey to death
Exdeath?
I hate stairs.
Is that you?
how is long time until film ends ?
11,02wipergone2: \:3/
SONG!
Dark_Horst: i know what a komodo is
I hate elevators
No
singing in the rain ^_^
CUTE3
Another hour or so.
hr maybe?
I hate vests
I hate stairs
I hate the woods.
I hate rollercoasters
I hate hospitals.
I hate hate
I hate snails
can i say i hate humans? =x
I do
Hoot-hoot-hoot-hoot!
yeah owo
He sounds constipated
"Hey Jeff..look at these idiot humans making strange sounds..."
oh, I watched this on the stream last night
Hey, I can speak whale! :D
Jageman: then you're the first guy i spoke to them about that didnt go "wat"^^
I hate that dickneck dinosaurs
they can still crush you dumbasses
0:23 and i dindnt aleep until film ends
jk:P
Clearly because they are herbivores they are totally safe
*sleep
Being a herbavore doesnt mean it cant still kill you
rhinos and hippos are herbivores too...
"They don't eat the plants; the plants are poisonous"
Claw up the arse
they kill people.
Dark_Horst: before i got into computer science, i studied zoology
first blood to the raptors
personally i hate hippos.
PRESS X TO STAB KID WITH THE TALON
They can come work at Sipsco
Where did he get the tallon?
Combustiblelemons: thats because theyre territorial dicks
"I don't know what he said. It SOUNDED like 'Monkey Dances in rainbows with palladium', but that's can't have been it?"
push Tim off. please
Ba-dum tsss
ah ha ah ha
indeed.
HAHAH
dammit carlos
11,02Those talons are only worth 1 copper
Kencolt: it totally was
dinorape.
just rhow the kid off that tree
You know, none of this would of ever happened if the scientists wouldn't revives predating carnivores.
...Just sayin'.
Then we are going to die. Duh
SuperBrony64: dat WoW
SuperBrony64: Fucking raptor skulls
Doyouthinkhesaurus - *Flies away*
They can slave away the rest of their lives in Sipsco dirt mines
next time t-rex says high: slash kids calf. makes for easy snack. buy escape time
CARLOS!!!
SO RARE
"You better not snore" :D
merchandise
/me in the giftshop...
I had one of those lunchboxes as a kid
SuperBrony64: dat guild wars 2
Advertisement advertisement
mm shameless product placements
Hurasic park memorobelia....
All rides must end next to the gift shop
your name is too fitting for everything meanwhile.
and these stuff were actually sold to the audience later :)
jrassic*
Angeling: This is where it all began.
11,02Tigereyes are rare drops from T-Rex
Yes, I just had anear death expirence with the Dinosaurs, Ima go buy some Merchandice
Always got time for soup
And there's Colonel Sanders
Combustiblelemons: Yeah, i've heard hippos are responsible for most casualties of all african fauna
MEANWHILE AT THE HALL OF JUSTICE
Combustiblelemons: Ikr.
yes. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-01TA5bzJU
pony_4908: Aach-shooo! Aach-shoo!
No icecream brands?!
SirGanjalf: because they're territorial dicks
Angeling can it be product placement if it's for your own product
SpadeKyurem[R]: whts halls of justisc?
And then the T Rex ate them all
yes
Who would make the food for him during such events?
BAD JOKES ARE BAD
11,02Ninosmr: No YouTube links during stream please
MEANWHILE AT THE HALL OF PRODUCT PLACEMENTS
^
I NEED TO GO <__< GOODBYE
:D
Meanwhile in Equestria.....
bye Mejzen
The security for this park was not though out very well
Brandless icecream tubs! Sacrilege!
Will you bastards stop pinging me.
Cya
is that a new fic Blazing_Beatz
Bye :D
bet you're getting pingspammed meanwhile XD
VenHur, but keep in mind, the best product placements are realistic.
lol
Meanwhile: never
dinos an comer
Combustiblelemons: It's bloody annoying.
Then Change your name Meanwhile
disable pings again
and should not be hated.
/me reinstall morrowind
Blazing_Beatz: I've had this name for over a year, go eat a brick.
My grandkids are still out there, but I'm alright.
classic meanwhile
meanwhile is a bronystate veteran :P
Hi everypony!
Pfff
Meanwhile: Touchy Touchy....sheesh
Meanwhile Meanwhile kept listening to all the pings
Hello Biglaw
how've you been Biglaw
Grandkids in danger? EAT ICE CREAM
hi Biglaw
good, saw the new episode!
Meanwhile, Meanwhile is being Meanwhile.
05http://derpiboo.ru/176100
Best ending ever :D
Illusion~
inb4 pinging meanwhile gets a ban
PONY and RainbowAsh Stop startin'
Wrek :D
are those....
SPOILERS?
cowvarkian: Naw, I'm not quite that fussy.
well he deserves a break from the pinging
FOR SOMETHING I HAVEN'T SEEN?
MEANWHILE-CEPTION
D:
Oh, he knows me. I complimented his moustache thelonevelociraptor.
BUM BUM BUUUUUMMM
oooh jurassic parl
what did he ever do to you :'(
prak*
VenHur: you too
can we get back to dinosaur killings?
park*
what is the point of ping?
O_O
WHY ARE WE EATING ICECREAM WHILE DINOS ARE ON THE LOOSE
WHY
NEEDS MOAR BLOOD
it goes with pong
Is that a skeleton with a hat in the background
Ice cream is the answer to everything.
SpadeKyurem[R], because powerless
Jageman: Because you get to pong them.
dem animatronics.
That was a great ep tho.
and then it ate them
the end
SpadeKyurem[R]: because ice cream
11,02I like ice cream :)
nom
^
I wish more movies would run with animitronics
AGreed, SuperBrony64.
sneeze on dat bitch.
and then he throw them of the tree
SuperBrony64: I like gelato more
bitch be calm
Shut up Bitch...you over react too much
kid still hasnt learned lesson
inclusion of luna
VeggieSaurus?
Dont tease the dino
veggiesaurus
brachiosaurus: These leaves taste bloody
/me gives SuperBrony64 some ice cream
dumb luck this time
VEGGIE SALET
Yabba-dabba-doo!! :P
BITCH GIMME MY FOOD
*eats them*
never met anyone who hates ice cream :3
SuperBrony64: even though its the same thing >.> but dont tellanyone
saled*
Noms on the humans in the leaves
and then he fell from the tree....
Oh look, it's Littlefoot's mom.
/me noms on AJIsAwesome :3
i believe the proper term is "vegansaurus"
end of movie
dino pulls him off the tree
Rarity is even More of a gem this season <3
Veggie salad! Veggie salad!
VenHur: those feels :'(
I dont get the Veggi salad thing
05they all have a cold
/me is nommed :D
sure...what could happen
a huge cat
*veggie
Just like a big cow
lol
Nope
land before time.... god i loved that as a kid.
DENIED
Its nothing like a big cow
Don't leaf me!
She got Rage Virus'd
You are covered in dinosaur snot. Congratulations.
LOL
LOL!
You aren't Fluttershy
yum
HAHAHAHA
05YUMYUM
gesundheit
Hahahahaha!!!!
11,02Moo o.o
owned
LOL God
The power of science had brung her back from the dead!
LOL
gesundheit
SuperBrony64: Mooo :3
then she got the black death
SuperBrony64: moo :3
DEATH IS CHEATED
05god bless a dinosaur, how ironi
05c
Ahahahaha
salud
what DID they throw on her on that scene?
Can someone explain the whole Vegie Salad thing to me?
11,02dat a big cow o.o
She ain't no hacker
She WILL be traumatised for the rest of her life.
NEEEEEEEEERD!!!
she's super l33t
She's a nerd.
dr hax will kill her.
god loves dinosaurs
EGS
population control, eh?
dem be making babeeez
The haaaaax! (monitor)
Lesbian dinosaurs, what'd I tell you?
Someone breeding chickens on the island!!
ohshi-
I told you this would happen.
Shit
That was fast.
Wrek: http://www.explosm.net/db/files/Comics/Matt/omnipotent-beings-correcting-their-mistakes.png
They've been shipped.
And no shiny pokemon in sight
welll...how would them breeding concern you?
unless you stay for a few years
That Escalated Quickly........and Ended Abruptly
hot lesbian dinosaur action...
Alchemist: XD
smells the egg?
mutants.
Sniff
Obviously the experience of almost being killed by a T Rex won't cause any reason for being traumitised
Sex changing dinosaurs.
Lego genetics.
Pokemon had a theme park JUST like this...only anamatronic-y.
all dinos are trans
truth
OH GOD
Malcolm Sex? (Ba-dum tsss)
WHY
why are you smiling?
from male to female , but they are already all females so that doesnt work
that's BAD!
i also like how they put her mane in a pony tail
Draw me like one of your sexy french men
he sexy and he know it
Vordoxensaurus: I was waiting for that joke
put your shirt on goldbloom
Little did they know, the mucus contained deathly virus with long incubation period...
11,02NUKE THE ISLAND
cowvarkian: So easy
VenHur: I remember that episode....people got attacked by a Giant Pokemon
Sundaysmile, only the dinosaurs that are cloned with toad DNA and forced into a single-gender environment like Jurassic Park.
SuperBrony64: D:, but... my people ;^;
That's why I never use C+.
Zombie Dinsos!
Dinos
so all of them then yeah?
but goddamnit it
so, you really like her mane?
What the heck is wrong with the right screen
I had a nightmare of Dino DNA...
11,02thelonevelociraptor: They eat moo cows though ;~;
hurry up with teh scootaloo x luna pics
Wait, so what ever happens to the random staff and zookeepers running around the entire Park? Does it ever mention what happens to them...? :|
I do that also
Cows fault for being delicious.
...It mutates me into big giant dino and ates all the mods and you guys.
Turn it off and on again.
Nightmare's scary.
DONT SHUT IT DOWN
IDIOTS
They have the main circuit breaker in their control room??
yup
SuperBrony64: but we need to eat, we dont like eating each other ;^;
my body is ready.
that how my computer look like 14 years ago
My butt is held
not sure about the r34 pics
uuu
the islands staff left before the storm hit
thelonevelociraptor: Im ok with it
My body is Reggie.
or maybe 20
They still would have needed to turn that computer back on . . .
Why did they have to turn off all the power, just turn off the computers.
VenHur: xD
Now Just Turn the power on....
did they hear about USPs?
SuperBrony64: buryed all over the island
11,02thelonevelociraptor: Then I have to eat you o-o
BlitzWing00, because they smart and wifi lol
The computers would all be hooked into other systems.
genius.
OTHER END
F
THE
Then Suddenly...VELOCIRAPTOR
SuperBrony64: D:
COMPOUND
i mean UPS
SuperBrony64: D: dont pls!!!!
link the whole place with nuclear bunkers!
Fuck your other end of the compound.
Suddenly T Rex
Why, SB? ;~;
dinosaur!
The ideal environment for Monster Hunter
<--- Listen to when the dinosaur attacks and shakes the animal, LISTEN to the Dog playing with it's toy! :D
Previously on LOST....
chickens.
Road runners!
Damn look at dem sons of B***** go they halling ass!
/me gives SuperBrony64 a scootaloo
11,02Cause, thelonevelociraptor looks delicious and I don't like eating my people
DUCK
pony_4908: I knew that hillside looked familiar
And like evading a question
Azuredragon: dayum nature! Yo scary!
RUN
http://e621.net/data/3d/94/3d9436277b9fdfed8fa230c198b2e630.jpg?1354997612 daaaaaw
Well they have meat on them, so in that sense they're "meaty."
That thing come by my house I kill it
And then he died
SuperBrony64: D:
SuperBrony64: But you don't eat meat, SB. ._.
/me eats the Scootaloo
DEAM CHIKENS
ostriches!
well, kinda
http://e621.net/data/sample/ed/e9/ede97cde8de176561d7bff5511e07068.jpg?1354994688 HAHAHAHAHAH
STAMPEDE, IN THE GORGE
LISTEN NOW
yay SCootadino is now canon c:
T REX!
/me hugs AJIsAwesome
SuperBrony64: Eating your peopl-Saaay, wait a second, you're not a mutated brony that suddenly becomes a giant T-Rex now, aren't you?
OH GOD
ninja rex
om nom nom
The little lizard thing just got ate!!! DAMN NATURE you scary
nom nom nom, om nom.
DOWN BESSY DOWN!
/me hugs SuperBrony64 back. :D
DONT SCREAm
haha
DONT SCREAM
DAMN NATURE
Bronysith: ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
I'm with the girl
11,02VenHur: I need about tree-fitty
GENIUS
BLOOOD
What up with the green shit?
damn nature u scary
WHY U SO SCAREH?
trex dont give a f%&@
SuperBrony64: hey
God those kids are STUPID
daymn
you don't say?
11,02DANG DAT RAT LOOKIN THING JUST GOT ATE
RaveBrony: so I take you like Rarity too?
SuperBrony64: well go ahead, eat me ;^;
Wrek: Why didn't Samuel bring a gun or weapon?
He obviously is no real hacker. There's tons of blood on the internet.
why dude didn't die
LIAR
/me glomps thelonevelociraptor instead
SuperBrony64: Fine then, hug a tree.
SuperBrony64: >.>
DISNEYLAND OPENED ON JULY 17, 1955
/me hugs SuperBrony64 :3
This isn't fucking Didney Worl. There are maneating monsters roaming the forest.
don't be hasty.
Tourists are best rum
Getcher facts right, John. :|
How did it not occur to them that the dinosaurs may get out of their cages when they shut off the system?
LOOK AT THAT SOMBITCH RUN HE BREAKING WIND
not untill i've seen those street fighters pummeled to dust!
dat spas
one shotgun round to rule them all
Woah Woah Wait.....Samuel Jackson DIDNT survive the treck to the other side of the island....What is this?
That's like...two days before my birthday.
lol
11,02thelonevelociraptor is mah friend \:3/
1 gun per group..that's the rules
And damn, that was a LONG time ago...
WHOA THAT LIZARD THING JUST GOT ATE DAMN NATURE YOU SCARY
/me fires a Zat'nik'tel at thelonevelociraptor
who remember ductales on jurrasic park? :D
http://e621.net/data/sample/06/93/069397e7e0654ba2a3da5f9c0812c0da.jpg?1354944961
/me noms on SuperBrony64 :3
friendly velociraptors :3
SuperBrony64: is mah friend \:3/
It was first ref to this movie i remember
13Jageman: hey keep your sg1 out of this
DAYUM NATAH, YOU SCARY
Yeah? Well why don't you grab a shotgun too girly?
/me is shot, dies on inpact
dat nose
Snoipah here!
Shizuka: but i like sg1
11,02Shizuka: Ohai :)
mfw its e621 and not porn
dat herdmind SirGanjalf
SuperBrony64: I have created a Super Dino Mutation DNA...err...thingy. Now immah mutates yuu >=3
Velociraptors made it out
11,02D:
Oh boy
05RAPTOR JESUS IS MY LORD FROM NOW INTO VELOCIRAPTURE
why didn'T they just cimp over the fence
SuperBrony64 \:3/
*climb
thelonevelociraptor: Zat'nik'tel only stuns on 1 shot
11,02Derpy_Hooves \:3/
scootaloo should just join rainbow dash in the tent
Wrek is paying Rapt attention to this
SuperBrony64: \:3/
Saxton Hale will guide you.
a raptor broke out? better drink my own piss.
Jageman: doesnt it vaporize on two?
Combustiblelemons: well, duh:P
she could help her get over her fears
velociraptors = made of dreams, rainbows and vicious mauling
11,02wipergone2 \:3/
Because theres a SPY
/me stings SuperBrony64 with the DNA...thingy.
Jageman: ah, I knew that <_<
thelonevelociraptor: its the 2nd shot that kills, and the 3rd vaporizes
05no
051 is stun
with sax?
Not once in the bible does it say that jesus was not a raptor
"That's just what they'll be expecting..."
052 is kill
053 is vaporize
Bronysith: I know YOU would
11,02VenHur: D:
yup
Alchemist I read that in Duke Nukems voice
4 is profit
http://radbot.net/pix/854.jpeg
/me is stung
clever grill...
SuperBrony64 is mah friend \:3/
Snipin's a good job. mate
cowvarkian: vaporize on 3rd
Immah evil silly poneh.
http://alltheragefaces.com/img/faces/large/surprised-clever-girl-l.png
INB4 CLEVER GIRL
yeah
And dat eest true.
Oh hi Wrek.
damn SirGanjalf|Raptor ..... DAMN YOU
Kill them my cousins >:3
CLOSE THE FENCE
i was waiting to do that!
<--- DOOR CLOSED
SAFE
:D
This part reminds me of the game Primal Carnage.
and she ran leaving a trail of urine and shame
He's delayed, he didn't come back, yeah sure he's probably just lurking around in the dark.
Nittany_Discord: makes sense
What could possibly go wrong.
/me molests Bronysith
thank you Bjornfot
was waiting for that
Haven't played Primal Carnage in a while.
danger danger! high voltage!
OMG A FENCE
11,02Is Mr. Arnold the guy who was smoking?
Wait for it
When we touch! When we kiss!
I always found it kinda sad that the guys who built that park never made plans for this kind of situation (the dinosaurs got free)
you got it :D
Use stick on FENCE
Super: Yeah.
Inb4 he gets shocked.
SuperBrony64: Yes.
You will have to do, otakon is not here...
And
Its not very effective
Shizuka: gatling staff weapons
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGH~
ded
dry wooden sticks=condect electricity
LOL
Pikachuuuu!
Troll Grant.
AND THEN A TREX CAME AND ATE HIM FR SCREAMING
Yeah tossing a branch at it would show if its off or not...
Troll?
GAME OVER
trollface
fake ded
Hahahaha
The 1st troll face
put it there SirGanjalf|Raptor /)
:D
u mad kids?
And then it'll turn on of cource
They've had 2 token black guys and one goat, nut no sheep
He's a dick. A heroic dick, but a dick.
hmm
but
Nittany_Discord, wanna stream it after EMN?
Just then, the guy flips the power on.
SUDDENLY POWER TURNS ON AS THEY ARE CLIMBING THE FENCE
Lol, he trolled them kiddies!
11,02Tololololol
Trololololol
what they would give for wire cutters
SuperBrony64 trolololol
Give it here old man!
f-ing kids can get through the hole, sheesh.
but anyways
/me is now mutated D:
Combustiblelemons: (\ BTW: I wonder if there's a ponified version of that clip(i hope not)
please
they need to hurry up with more pics
lol
Electrocution in 5...4...3...
if not, there will be.
ded they all ded
Its about to be a race
Can't they easily squeeze through at the bottom...? :|
2...
they being, the unpaid artists?
race to the other side, looser gets fried :D
need a longer countdown
luna x scootaloo, or scootaloo x rainbow dash
1...
Danger Danger4 high Voltage!
It's not a race. Except against time.
SuperBrony64: Yush, me, teh silly evil poneh nao haz giant raptor...err...thingeh.
ITS GOING TO BE A RACE REALLL SOON
Anaruski: loser*
rule of the internet is ponify EVERYTHING.
go go go
INB4 HUMAN TOAST
Now jump!
THEY ARE GOING TO DED
See, the cameraman got through at the bottom!
best grandpa in the world
hey bronies! Do you like cheetos?
/me noms on VenHur
power up~
electrocutes his kids and gives no fucks
Brony_ponies: not really
11,02Brony_ponies: You bet!
pump it!
Use the ripcord?
I AM FULLY CHARGED!
Brony_ponies Naah
SuperBrony64: Nuu! Me no want to be eaten!!
pull the button...
/me roars
Bye Bye Kid
JUMP
ded
just drop
GET OFF
JUMP
GET THE FUCK OFF OF THAT FENCE
jump
Im charging my LAZORSSSSS
just let go stupid kid.
ohai everypony, i'm back :)
Nah, they never kill off kids in a movie.
Jump Tim!
or drop dead...that works too
inb4 they die
stoopid flash
I like eating cheetos while watching ponies! it feels good in my mouth!
*cue Van Halen - Jump*
doesn't red mean bad?
Michael: Welcome back
Jump Tim!
Welcome back, Michael. :)
JUMP
/me brutally rapes flash
JUMP!
wb Michael :)
WHEN THERES AN ALARM, JUMP
GO AHEAD AND JUMP!
I hate hate hate these kids
JUMP YOU IDIOT
Jump, jump!
Fine, die then.
ALARM MEANS JUMP, SO JUMP
noooo
KId knows all about dino--can't count.
just jump
Count faster stupid.
never climb a fence that says danger 10,000 volts kids
NUUUU
thanks Lindeman , AJIsAwesome and thelonevelociraptor
:D
Deep fried Timmy
Super jump!
the best.
Actually getting electrocuted will send you flying 50 feet.
Kids are stupid.
IDIOT
Ded
JUMP!
DED
ded
1, 2, ded
kuoli saatana.
ded
electricity does not through you
IDIOT KID
he's dead, jim.
Michael: _)
According to Bronystate mods, Castle of Cagliostro, a Hayao Miyazaki movie and anime classic, is a B-movie. Bullshit.
The Kids Launch - the new jurassic park ride!
<--- How'd a Veloci get behind the wall?
ded
ugh lag
05now thats one hell of a drug electricity
ded
05best kick in the world
oh shit
Ima chane my last name to Rex, so that one day Ill have a daughter named Tyra, and her middle name will be Saurus
Michael: :)*
SURPRISE
Should've counted to two
ded
SHIT
CHEETOS IS GOOD! I WANNA EAT PUFFED CHEETOS!
Them movie griefs his death.
in rl he'd be a smoldering corpse still grabing the fence
OH HAI!
oh boy, here we go
johnjoseco is going to have fun with the new episode
Surprise.
Suddenly raptor!
maybe i'm a horrible person, but that scene was funny
SUDDENLY VELOCIRAPTOR
11,02ded
Wrek: bender approves.
In the business of kiling people
Pehnis
having gamer luna with scootaloo or seomthing
SUPRISE MOTHAFUCKA
need a hand?
oh god
yeah pump that shit
Hai Thar!
FUCKING DEAD SPACE MAN F*CKING DEAD SPACE
ARM
suddenly raptor
:D
CALL IN THE AVENGERS
/me watch Bjornfot rape flash
ohshi-
Need a hand?
Heeeeeeere's Rapty!
bye all, be back later
Need a HAND?
lol
What's up with this strobe effect?
Mr Arnold isn't looking so good.
(sorry)
._.
Don't worry, he's armless.
She's ARMED and dangerous.
Got to hand it to them, that was pretty scary
but those things cunt open doors?
Stellafera, I see business is booming in this movie.
bye Jageman
That lady really should have brought a gun.
Tis but a scratch
They also think that The Disappearance of Haruhi Suzumiya, a critically-acclaimed, high-budget anime film, is a B movie. Also bullshit.
not the flash though
HIGH VOLTAGE
T___T
Well, that dind't come in HANDY
But hands are sure handy things to have
<--- BEST SCENE INCOMING
Clever Girl
ugh... new youtube design drive me crazy
Suzumiya dissappears?
dat hat
Did anyone play the SNES Jurassic Park game?
pon_3045: I hear ya
hunter
but the hat is your sorce of power
/me in the goddamn jungle...
Snipin's a Good Job Mate
you'll get used to it pony_3046
I've played the SNES Jurassic Park 2 game. It's fantastic.
inb4 clever girl
Outdoor work
<--- Dat Cock killed him
Look at all the palm trees
I hear they take cues from Facebook now
Really
Clever Girl...
i really liek his shotgun
CLEVEER GIRLLL..
>using shotgun
cowvarkian: I already nail'd that! But stilll.
http://derpibooru.org/10021
http://alltheragefaces.com/img/faces/large/surprised-clever-girl-l.png
SURPRISE
Wii Zapper in gun form?
http://derpy.me/Lhr5R
oh hai :O
CLEVER GIRL
RainbowAsh: I did when I was a young-un'.
<-- HUMAN SUIT
gotcha.
ded
clever girl...
11,02I played the Jurassic Park game on GBA where you had to build your own dinosaur theme park
Random Snake
what was muldoon pointing at?
OM NOM NOM NOM
00,10he should have fired any ways
SUDDENLY SNAKE
http://derpy.me/Lhr5R
Meanwhile snake
i cant wait
SuperBrony64: Oh, I know that game.
Smoooch
that sounds awesome SuperBrony64
SNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAK!
the sexy pics
oh god yes
05throw him on the fence again
Of course he survives
He kissed a little boy.
05that hsould quick start him
http://derpy.me/W00pH
There's a YouTube video from a guy who purchased the actual Arnold's arm prop. :D
Plot Armor worked
10 thousand volt and hes alive?
Its a bad sign when there is smoke coming off the boy
really?
and he has no ill effects whatsoever
CPR usually breaks ribs
Oh he's alive, betetr throw him ba-damnit Wrek.
Electricity solves everything
Bronysith: contain yourself! :D
Paquack, I might give it another spin. The 3d is surely going to be atrocious by todays standarts, but I remember it was some fun.
>_ >
Wrek: improvised defibrillator? :D
you know that might work...
Plot Armor is best armor
And now he has permanent brain damage, yay
SuperBrony64: Now stop nomming me... =c
LAWL
DErpy as Velci
You're not supposed to give them the kiss of life if their heart fails are you?
INfamous
no
or so the ad they put on tv tells me
11,02HE'S NOT RESPONDING TO MY POKING STICK
the fence is 10 thousand volts with 1 milliamp ;)
10k Volts....Thats no Defib...Thats an EKG
dat lag.
it's just to keep oxygen and blood flowing to the brain
POKE FASTER DAMMIT
SMACK HIM
Lagg
Cardiac massage won't fix a fibrillating heart though.
dem lag
Aw, no buffer circle when Ustream lags.
RainbowAsh: I remeber playing the arcade one that they had at Chuck E' Cheeses.
ummm dat lag
aw
I think that kid is still smokin'
Dat hairdo
Eat all the junk
>Get electrocuted
FOOD!
just escaped death...let's eat some cake
>Eat cake
RainbowAsh: It was awesome!:)
Plot
This is the good life.
Yes, leave the kids in the middle of a
Oh my
PLOT
dat ass
DAT PLOT
"Cupcakes, candies and pies, oh my!"
DAT PLOT
i want caki :(
No refridgeration.
*cake
But cardiac massage will provide properly circulation when while in fibrillation
DAT PLOT
Get yo ass over here
11,02Watching this on my iPhone~
>sex
As I was saying
OMNOMNOM
and then they sexed
Yes, leave the kids in a Dinosaur infested park
SuperBrony64: Using Puffin?
Cake taste great after a 10,000 volt shock
/me slaps pony_4908
Didn't that kid almost die like a few minutes ago? Hearty appetite for that
Wobble wobble
05watchign 2 idiot kids eat a shitlaod of baked goods
snot.
jello
Suddenly Raptor.
<-- DAT JELLY
Behind you
05WHY
SuperBrony64: Is there an app? 'Cause as far as I know, you can't access the chat from iPhone...
05DO THEY TEMPT ME
Well fuck.
oh god.
scary
JELLO!!
JELLEH
gasp
:O
oh shit son
ALWAYS LEAVE A KID IN A ZOMBIE INFESTED PARK
you jelly yet?
/me steals SuperBrony64s iphone
VERY SMART
find a knife!
oh i remember this scene ._.
EAT TIM. EAT TIM. EAT TIM.
pony_4908: This chat is just standard IRC. Any IRC client will connect.
This scene scared me as a kid
iz a memorable scene
this scene scared the crap outta me as a kid.
00,10well to be fair wrek the girl only had the iddiot bal for a little bit
SEE?
lure it into the ovens can cook it!
I SEEEEEE YOOOOOOU
Wrek: You know who dies in the original script?
and*
Groovy
shut up kid
00,10the boy picked it up and has been runing to the endzone
I hated the scene SO much as a kid
Had somewhere to go and couldn't stop by and say helllo. You know how it goes?
05true
I wonder if you could tame a dinosaur by feeding it delicious steaks as it grows up.
it did!
loool
Smart Dino
If only Rappy was there - he could negotiate
IT LEARNED
smart raptor
they are now fucked
dat evil choir
Watch out for the visible puppeteer in a moment.
dat evolution
Yfw they figured out how to open doors.
You can't lock a raptor in a closet, their too smart.
At least he's polite
Clever girl
Here's Jackie!
11,02pony_4908: You can watch Ustream from an iPhone but you'll need to download an IRC client on your iPhone to chat. Colloquy is a good choice.
why?
whats wrong with sexy?
There!
Meanwhile: They now too much.
NOW LETS BAKE CUPCAKES!
*know
hes talking
No, that' a Deinonychus.
I for one accept our new raptor overlords
<--- Lovely animatronics
Spike stop it
Smartest chicken ever lived
11,02Dat velociraptor o.o
YOU GOTTA DO THE COOKING BY THE BOOK
SEE!
calling reinforcements
Scootaloos relatives
who are russian
Velociraptors are only the size of a scootaloo.
oh no you didn't bitch.
All you have to do is a cup of flower...
00,10You cant lock a raptor in the closset cause it's an 8foot dino
Velocorapture is upon us!
also no feathers
on these
11,02THROW A ROCK AT IT
Sumica: Velociraptors are closer to chickens
raptor 1 calle dfor backup
THROW TOM!
why the hell kid still alive!
SuperBrony64: Thanks.
tap tap tap
KILL IT WITH FIRE
next he's gonna request an airstriek
Scootaloo is a raptor?
<--- Lawl
Use the fork
Clever boy
LADLE
Wheres the flour?
use the forks
to da hax point
Rolling in Strike Package, Bravo on Velociraptor Target
Great thing is that you know what the Raptors will do if they get the kids, Grant told us way back at the start of the movie.
damn those are some strong tables.
They go aisle by aisle
11,02pony_4908: Np :)
In wonderously graphic description.
ladle taste
Trashin' the camp
that laddle is taunting them!
RAPTOR SMILE
FUCKING UTAH RAPTORS
velociraptors like gravy.
trolled
Wut
TRLL
Behold the power of Mirrors!
CLEVER GIRL INDEED
Haha!
trolloolol
lol
00,10they are neve that shinny
I really want a raptor for a pet...
IDIOT KID
stupid dinos
Sumica: hai
...Too bad such thing is silly...
Run Tim!
where was the second raptor in this?
This movie is filled with clever girls. The dinosaurs are most of them.
slow raptors at least.
Limp Tim. Limp, you can totally outrun that goddamn dinosaur.
:D
ow
<--- SNOW/ICE IN YOUR FACE
XD
See, they are like birds. Who else saw that commercial with the birds crashing into a window because it was too clean?
RAAA!
:D
dat run
RANDOM RUNNING AND SCREAMING
locks work right?
creepy raptor is creepy
nope.
LEEEEEEEEERYOOOOOOOOOOOOOOY
LET ME SEE YOUR WAR FACE
EspyLacopa, I did.
AND THEN I PULL OUT MY SHOTGUN
RAPTOR SMILE
I see you!
I did, EspyLacopa.
JEEEEENKIIINGS
evil look
and then a little boy was stronger than a charging dino
<--- The Big One = Main villian Raptor
raptor gone mad
11,02No way that kid is strong enough
JURASSIC PARK
hai
Left 4 Dino
Raptors gone wild
You've got a gun, dude.
Yeah, because a kid with limp leg could totally outrun a raptor
Clearly, this means Raptors would do the same thing.
Little kid manages to push the door close while a raptor pushes against the other side. Suuuuure
EspyLacopa: Birds-- some at least-- WILL do that.
DINOS ON THE CONTROL POINT
CALL IN THE AVENGERS
well we should be alright...unless the raptor know how to use a shotgun....
HAI!
gotcha
"Ello poppet"
SuperBrony64, remeber that the floor was slippery on the freeyer
Haiya buddy
There goes the gun
electric doorlocks ftl
Blu team has captured the control point
Hi everypony
LEMME IN!
Dat tech :D
Raptors would totally run headlong into a glass window thinking it isn't there if it was clean enough.
ITS FREEZING OUT HERE!
hai Aylnine
*Nosebreath*
HACK IT
Hi, Aylnine.
Get the shotgun for them you idiot kid
Hack that comp
I know LINUX
Suddenly nerd kid
and then she started browsing porn
and everything
i know computing!
THAT'S a UNIX system?
she was taught by mr miyagi.
11,02Hax
That's how the computer works
could the program be any slower?
LAaaaaaaaaaaaag
Hey Michael, AJIsAwesome
Shock Kid, grab the gun for the adults!
Cant the boy take the gun? O.o
ZOOM AND ENHANCE!!! ZOOM!!! ENHANCE!!!
There genuinely was a 3D UI for Unix like that.
this isn't how hacking works :S
download all the porn
red_ony, Unix. It's the closed-source predecessor of Linux.
OHERMGAUD! UNIX!
dat graphics
That's how Linux looked in the 90's, kids. Watch and learn.
They play fuckin simcity V0.1 or what?
LordDerpington: As I showeed in the trivia
SAVE ALL THAT PORN!
Tim, stop standing around like a spare part and give the grown ups the gun. Jeez.
That's not how UNIX works, much less hacking!
Kandarihu: ;)
Lol
PRONZ
Deus Ex had better hacking than this
THE CALL OF MY PEOPLE!!
the raptors must not have that sweet porn!
uber haxzor
Nedryland!
Sexy Woman = Fine :3
dat sexy pick
Kencolt: actually thats legit
Meanwhile: Tim is best useless character
She found Nedry's pronz
I would pay for somone to make navigating my hard drive look like that . ..
Perfect timing
Combustiblelemons: It can be if the idiot programmer made the UI look like that...But yeah, in general it does not :P
she made the crazy eyes
lol
what about sexy man?
90's computers lol
Does anyone else see that crazy green shit going on?
NOOOOOOOO
Oh 90s computers.
ringringringringBANANAPHONE
Kencolt: as some have said, there was a ui for unix like that
GUNS
Why you so easy to use?
or sexy ponies?
Dat 3D!
DEAUGH :[
dat jam
"Dur"
Im sure theyre fine to some people, but I dont look at them :I
hi, i'm hollywood
"Hi have you thought about changing your phone service provider?"
and welcome to hacking
twixie_sprinkle: Srsly?
wut
why the smirk
twixie_sprinkle: WHY? That seems so stupid.
twixie_sprinkle: HORRIBLE UI, looks to me.
GRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANT
learn to aim noob
Kencolt, the file explorer exists for Unix, and probably Linux, maybe even Windows. It's useless for most purposes, and who ever said she was hacking?
Iwa/Combustiblelemons: That interface is real.
Raptor don't need no ladder
SAMUEL JACKSON DIED BY THE DINOSAUR.....WHAT KIND OF MOVE IS THIS
NYEH
Dat irony
<--- LOOK AT LEX'S FACE
Raptor don't give a f-
that's a nice effect
Kandarihu: She did?
He was yelling "grant"? I could never understand it.
awkward moment that they even haven't good network to controll whatever
CriticKitten: Exactly why I wasn't refuting it to be false :)
00,104 shots heard 4 casses on ground, 3 holes in glass
11,02What did he yell?
DEATH BY DINOSAUR = COOLEST WAY TO DIE
TEXTRAPTOR
damn lag....
CriticKitten: MFW: 6_9
That DNA code
Oh goody, Velociraptor pelvis, just what I wanted to see today.
ATCGTAGCTAGATGAACAGT
Shotguns don't shoot bullets.
I've had it with those motherfuckin' dinosaurs on this motherfuckin' island!
Oh, this was the scene where the stunt performer looked at the camera, so they stuck Lex's face on digitally to cover it up.
Boot to the FACE!
ow
SuperBrony64: Either "GRAAAANT" or "DEAUGH"
boot to the head!
T-Rex1013: DEATH BY DINOSAUR = |BEST| WAY TO DIE
Sumica: Could've missed the window? :D
raport knocked out by little girl
it's a shotgun - a gun which fires shots
11,02Who is Grant?
Another victory for sensible shoes.
Missed the drumstick!
Quick, kick it in the teeth.
but
Almost time for THE LOTTERY!! :)
sexy
SuperBrony64: Sam Neill's character.
Super you fail at following this movie.
IVE HEARD SUFFACTION IS THE MOST PLEASANT WAY TO DIE
SuperBrony64: The scientist/main character?
Just because she claims to be a hacker near the beginning and simply opens a program near the end of the movie. That's no hacking.
00,10also tiny holes for a 12 gage firng slugs
YES! Scare them with a dead guy!
STOP WALKING ON MAH BONES
What was that raptor standing on to lift the panel if there was nothing underneath ?
<-- Fun Trivia here: In the original script, the T-Rex skeleton in the lobby was hooked up to pulleys like a giant marionette. In the ending, Grant was going to man the controls and act as puppeteer, using the skeleton's head and feet to crush the raptors.
you spin me right round
Time for a big damn hero moment!
Grandpa? Noooooo!
Now with ponies, theres no such thing as sexy :D
Trollestia, THIS is the best way to die, http://radbot.net/?i=3675
yes
Damn, that would have been a stupid ending.
yes tehre is
need i link?>
Spinning spinning
dinosaurs have no respect for the dead.
Nope :D
Vordoxensaurus: That would have been really fucking dumb.
Meanwhile: Agreed. XD
Dinosaur: No, my twin brother!
Vordoxensaurus, that sounds like it would've been awesome.
and your legs remain unbroken.
Azuredragon: Okay, I was way fucking wrong. If I was in that situation, I would literally just enjoy that.
what.
this is some bad construction
HOW COME THAT BOY NEVER DIES
Raep time
Blazing_Beatz, plot armor
I know in this type of convo I cant beat you, hahaha
kinda weird isn't it.
AND THEN I MAKE ANOTHER APPEARENCE
NOW DIEEEE
Azuredragon: I would LOVE to die like that. IF I have to die by non-natural causes
kids dont die in a spielberg movie
aw
rawr
kill em already
Damn Plot Armor
do it
DAT LIZARD JUST GOT ATE DAMN NATURE YOU SCARY
there is always a bigger fish
um, where did it come from?
SURPRIIIIIIIIIISE~
noms
t-rex to the rescue
...
We got a T-Rex
11,02We need Turok
Thats some thick plot armor
lol
T REX WITH HIS OWN THEME SONG
/me attack Noms on T-Rex1013 >:3
fuck you t-rex
really like how he had a shotgun and didnt hit a single one
Convenient. How did that thing even fucking get in there.
HOW DID IT GET IN THERE?
T-rex to the rescue
now t-rex is good guy or wat?
Its not like its so inconspicous
To the Rexue!
SuperBrony64: I remember him!
00,10trex has 100 in sneak
So, T-Rex is Hero? he killed the Lawyer and saved the Main Characters
In-fighting
"Leave him alone you BRUTE!
i just find the art itself sexy
Ninja T rexes.
<-- CHECK THE LOGO
the colors and curves
they will actually ride that trex home
Lawyers are evil
/me slams thelonevelociraptor to the ground and eats yo face
so the t-rex is the hero of the movie
Yeah, T-Rex1013 is the hero. Deal with it.
chomp
nom
/me dies
<-- READ THE LOGO FOR GOD SAKE, ON THE CAR
ultimate roar
ingen
Dat lob.
RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGH
:O
....why didnt he eat it
You know, what they should do is a re-release of this movie, only told from the point of view of the Raptors. All the dinos can talk, and you never hear the humans talk.
red_ony: They must've cut that to leave room for sequels. XD
k,
lol
urass park
RAWR:[
I can appreciate the art. But think nothing of it :I
Dark_Horst, you gotta tenderize your meat first
Now nuke the island until we re-create Godzilla~!
:D
That was such a tyrannosaurus ex machina!
:'(
Noooo, not the executive bathroom :(
you wont be thinking of it
TIme to Nuke the Park
T____T
this was one of my ultimate nostalgia movies. glad to see it again
for you will be fappign
Where's Samuel L. Jackson?
EspyLacopa: We may have lost this battle, but the war isn't over!
yay, then they go home and nuke the island....
dead
Nittany_Discord: ded
He got eaten by a raptor off screen Nitt.
samuel got eated
Nittany_Discord: raptor snack
jurrassic park sequels were bad.
now I have only you, mosquito
very bad.
Forgot how he died.
He's looking for his arm
Hammond got eaten alive by the same dinosaurs that killed the fat guy earlier in the book.
T____T
Been so long since I saw this.
"LET'S ADOPT THEM"
RaveBrony: I agree on ponies not being sexy :D
00,10smash the stick so he cant rebuild the evil
Nittany_Discord: He Died off screen, that or he is riding a Dinosaur
Nittany_Discord: we didnt see it, but the woman found his arkm
*arm
little do they know, the aliens already implanted a child in the little girl
hello :)
And he's all like "The fuck have I doned?"
meh, the episode was eh
\o/
First time I saw this movie, I was disappointed that the chaos math guy didn't die.
Oh, I remember that. OK.
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Livestream Saturdays
Wrek: With every new draft of the script, there was a different set of survivors and a different set of characters dying. At various points during pre-production, Hammond, Malcolm, and Dr. Wu were going to die and Gennaro and Muldoon were going to live.
they could still open that park...considering only the handfull of people died
Now think about all the legal mess the old man has to go through now.
BIRD
Samuel Jackson Died....how is that possible
Heya DaringDerpy :)
Angeling Godzilla or Zilla? Cuz if youre going by that origin, Godzilla would have to be mutated frrom a Godzillasuarus, otherwise we'd get Zilla, the amercain godzilla who was renamed by Toho because it didnt deserve the word God in its name
great. all alive and happy. now nuke the damn island
more people die in carnivals than jurrassic park
Little do they, that dino sneeze infected them with a deatly virus...
Vordoxensaurus, why didn't they stick to the book?
Now there's just a random island covered in dinosaurs in the middle of the ocean. I'm sure that'll never go wrong.
*know
they could sell it as the best and most dangerous safari on earth
Ive grown content with 'That' side of the fandom.... but i just despise how sooo many of my friends I made when i first came here turned to that side...
RainbowAsh: Screenplay
the only dinosaurs who survived...
Dark_Horst: But then they can't make money off of a sequel!
hi MLP_Brovakiin :)
I really wish they killed some main characters
meanwhile - how wrong you'd be.
Who cares!? I want some giant atomic breath lizards!
It never even felt tense
Red_M: They did. :P
great film
I'm more surprised Samuel L Jackson wasn't playing his "Angry Black Guy" character.
AND SUDDENLY: NUKE
red_ony: What're you talking about? Mr. Arnold was the star! D':
damn i love this music
Now it's time for them to go back... TO THE FUUUUTUUUUURE!
JURASSIC PARK 4: DIRECTED BY MICHAEL BAY
00,10the realy silly thing is hammon dies in the first book
JP 2 and 3 are set on different Islands.
1000/10
T-Rex1013, I never knew that about... Zilla
in the Jurassic Park 2 do they come back to this island?
00,10and comes back in the second
Combustiblelemons: What could possibly happen. It's not like they'll decide to go back there or, pfft, bring a dinosaur back. How silly would that be?
And then the once great standalone movie was ruined by The Lost World.
john williams?
pony_4908: who?
and now im off to sleep.. 5 am over here
No. Different island.
cyas
Full Points 10/10
Starlight_Phoenix, no, they come up with more islands out of nowhere
from halloween 2 xD
Kandarihu I know my Godzilla. :)
red_ony: Black guy. "Hold onto your butts."
And then an "Mm'kay" 3rd movie.
In the original novel, it's implied that Malcom dies. In the sequel novel, Malcolm is shown to have lived-- but to have had his profesional life ruined by the experience.
IKR meanwhile, what flawed logic would that be.
FUN TRIVIA Alt: In the original script, Gennaro and Malcolm were combined into one character, and Muldoon survived in the end. In the original book, Gennaro and Muldoon both survived, and Hammond and Malcolm died (though Malcolm returned in The Lost World: Jurassic Park, explaining that "doctors did excellent work").
1:01 and i didnt go to sleep )
11,02They based a book off the movie?
*pauses to think*
Lol, 3rd movie has the Plane crash on the island
oh yeah, humans are stupid.
SuperBrony64: Totally.
I remember reading Lost World (the sequal), and how part of the first part of the book was simply -finding- the other island.
SuperBrony64: Quite the opposite.
SuperBrony64: yeah...i had that as a kid..it had pictures an everything
Book came first. They bought the rights before it was finished tho
VenHur I like the 3rd film the best, because it gave me what I wanted from a Dinosaur movie; Dinosaurs fighting others dinosaurs, and humans being hunted by said dinosaurs
John Williams is a boss
quick question
anyone else hate baby mario?
O.o
This is an wonderful classic groundbreaking movie, too bad it was ruined by The Lost World... >->
SuperBrony64: The novel was published in 1990. However, pre-production of the film began in 1989, using only Michael Crichton's manuscript. It was widely believed that the book would be such a hit that it would make an outstanding movie. It turns out that assumption was correct.
from you know
Zombie. Higher chance of survival
Combustiblelemons: Why not both?
yoshis island
Zombie, becaue it all the zombies woulod be dead in about a year
is the raffle now?
Zomvies
I didnt play mario, so i wouldnt know :I
only when he's crying
^
Zombies, easier to kill
Can't I pick asteroid or comet?
...
holy shit...
more challenge that way.
Dinozombies
HOLY SHIT
Or Yellowstone supereruption?
Now...If Hollywood WANT to make a reboot of the original movie like they doned with The Amazing Spider Man, here's a few things...
Nittany_Discord: Dat 2012
ILM!!
1: Let Timmy be killed! MWHAHAHAHAHAHAH!
I'm tired of hollywood remaking anything....
John Williams is the man.
Alchemist: Already happened, check "The Last of us"
i doubt yellowstone will erupt any time soon
naw, never played that game
It won't at least in the short-term.
scientists say they could be off by 100 million years.
And 2: Don't let the human run away, make them have guns and riffles and kick some dinosaur asses!
>.>
<.<
or was it 100,000.... :P
Well, apparently people in the playtesting team were ignoring him because his cries weren't annoying enough
VenHur one does not simply hunt a dinosaur
WHAT IF DINOSAUR EXISTED IN EQUESTRIA?!
VenHur: You kind of miss the point of the movie here.
Best episode idea
Vordoxen - they have DRAGONS
Vordoxensaurus: They aready got dragons.
VenHur: one does not simply become turok
*already
Vordoxensaurus, Fluttershy would be the unquestioned ruler
SO...... Jurassic Park 4. Would any of you watch it?
kinda worse than dinosaurs
Based off of a three-eruption cycle, Yellowstone is overdue to erupt, but I don't trust most natural cycles.
Guys, Jurassic Park IV is official slated to release within the next two years! :D
Kencolt: Well...yeah...you're right...LESSON LEARNED...
Dragons...
I WOULD THE FUCK OUT OF JURASSIC PARK 4
close nuff
dinosaurs would mean evolution, which would mean a time before the sun and the moon could rise.
My first games were Spyro, Tiny Tank, and Diablo :3
pony_4908: It BETTER be as good as the first one...
Starlight_Phoenix, the sequels got more and more awful. So I wouldn't touch it with a ten foot pole
EspyLacopa: Wha??
damn... how was there life on their planet when they control the sun and moon?
Yeah...
wouldn't that mean they were always there?
I WOULD THE FUCK OUT OF JURASSIC PARK 4
probably
damn creationists.
And hopefully not as crappy as The Lost World: Jurassic Park...
RaveBrony: my first games were in the arcade :)
I love the idea...
unless they "fine tuned" it
My first game was Mario 64
of T-Rex Ninja Robot
:D
Got randomly linked it in another channel.
OH WAIT
ITS A FUCKING BIG BLOCKBUSTER FILM ABOUT DINOSAURS, ITLL BE GOOD NO MATTER WHAT
suited to pony needs
I say buck it, and continuing with the portal to Equestria
Already exists!
Ah, lol
thx
VenHur: Nope. Hollywood. Large corpoation in the movie which hollywood hates-- hates all corprations that aren't part of hollywood. Thus, corporation bucks up again, CF. Jurassic Park 2.
Has bronystate shown the lost world or jurassic park 3?
probably yeah
Meh, I don't know...
I don't see why they wouldn't have, Starlight_Phoenix.
Lost World is the worst of the JP films
Those things are so strange :D
:D
When's the poll/lottery/thing going to be up?
The whole 3d-ish effect
JP2 needed more Jeff Goldblum
Time for singing!
And now, PONIES! :D
wasn't there a fourth one or am I just high?
About new Episode: I was surprised that Luna didn't steal the show and make everypony go crazy over her and ignore Scootaloo.
Your high
pony_4908, after pony
Same with Transformers 2 being the lost of the TF Bay films
good
PONIES
Lottery is coming later today.
Sundaysmile: You're high.
pony_4908: It's on Tuesday or Thursday.
ponies
PONIES!
This is hilarious :D https://twitter.com/tarastrong/status/277509435469991936
that was a scootaloo episode?
Ponies <3
After this pony ep.
well bad
because I'm not high :P
Suddenly dinosaurs
I think the lottery is after this episode.
Shhh, it hasnt been 24 hours yet :D
Jurassic Park
on the intermission :D
mah private parts!
Everyone had their own screentime
How does one vote?
Suddenly Dinosaurs
oh Tara
scootaloo and luna shipping confirmed
Young 'uns? You aren't that much older Applejack . . .
O_o
Alchemist: :D
VenHur no he didnt, he helped produce them. That's not "making" them
What is Tara teaching her children? :O
Ponies with dinosaurs.... use scoots dna
i can't get that outta my head since watching friendship is gic.
Booo *throws can at Bronysith *
im late!
Alchemist: ...clever boy
I'm also joking, because scoots part was a bit underplayed
fan service fan fiction episode
terrible
0/10
My leetle ponies, my leetle ponies, aah aah aah, okay let's skip this part. It is not my favorite.
Starlight_Phoenix: Something for Every kid in here.
BRB, Bathroom break.
what did you give the trixie episode?
YAY!
omg!
for that was pure fanfiction
im so excited!
i was just in time!
10/10 for yellow quiet saving the day
ask a mod
AJ is underrated i think :/
Hi Season 1 opening
I love AJ
I wish the Trixie ep was a 2 parter.... it was so rushed :(
Objects in Equestria must age preternaturally fast for that thing to have fallen apart after only a few years . . .
Thanks.
I think AJ is the best pony
3rd favourite pony.
there was an email link on the website Punkie
Whos excited?
Punkie_Pue: ask a mod about it, they will set you up
not sure if it's still there though
aj is best pony, no doubt
Season 1 opener feels so odd to me, feels like so long ago.
the whole episode
was just fanfiction
and fanservice
Cool, thanks.
Haha
Combustiblelemons: DikeKike is to this day one of my favorites.
wait
Scootaloo has been scooting alot as you can see.
thats it
ive already seen this D:
Wait, you have to contact a mod, or can you just wait for the newsletter?
him and cs188 go down in my favourites Paquack
slow motion
And here we can see rare velociscooter
b movie is due after this episode?
Meh
I thought all episode until now were pretty cool and well done. There, I said it, now yell at me
Dang.
I've seen this scooter riding clip used so much for PMVs
raffle after this?
Bye guys.
Anaruski, yep
ads?
Apple Bloom is going to become a carpenter?
Anaruski: yes
cutie mark niggers
bye lala
ah right
foreshadowing into their cutie marks
so i'm gonna to do a coffee for me )
All I can hear here is the FIW version
never stop the church!
How did Applebloom not get her cutie mark after doing all that?
Whenever I'm feeling down...
kewl!
yep,only hearing Sweetiebot
dat voice
she has to clean an entire mansion for that to happen Sebiale
I liked all episodes until now.
I love this person
Part
TREX IN SPACE
Sebiale: They have to be conscious of their talents. They were just doing that for fun, plus they're blinded by their 'quest'.
Sebiale: I guess you have to realize what your passion is
scootaloo gets a good voice in s3... wat.
Scootaloo's singing improved since this episode
A LOT
Twilight Sparkle never realized magic was her talent, Celestia had to point it out.
holy shit
Cutie Mark...Acquisition Program!
Apple Bloom's name doesn't seem to match her "talent"
fluttershy pulled a shinji
no meal uncooked?
no stone unturned
I'm honestly not sure if construction should be Apple Bloom's talent. But Scootaloo seems to be very good at propelling her scooter with her wings and Sweetie Belle is very good at singing and song composition.
DIS SONG
Eh?
when exactly?
THIS SONG
in the trixie episode
seems like the farm ALWAYS has apples to pick
Twilight got her cutie mark I think while the princess talked to her
But you don't pick apples, you buck them . . .
Carpentry is probably AB talent
perpetual applepicking.
she fucking pulled a shinji
Whines
complains
well they did try to make a chair/table that one time...
doesnt want to do shit
SCOOTAQUEST
Sebiale, the apples get picked by bucking
GAK IS BACK!!
That machine is very dangerous.
and then saves teh day
oh no
Ayline, the other two messed it up
rainbow taffy
Punkie_Pue: Yuo have no idea
No, they're being ground into rainbows
Stellafera: After she went an umexpecedly powerful magical surge at an extraordinarily late age, yes.
rainbow
it turns ponies into rainbow taffy
And yet saves the day because she actually does shit
LOL
DAT CRY
Trollestia: http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-Xxg9unq3Kx4/UD-PYI0c8sI/AAAAAAAABDk/D6QPUTEE0iA/s1600/GTFO.png
I wonder if Rainbow Taffy would be spicy.
for the gak.
Eps 1&2 - a great start with the characters personalities (but the villian sucked), Pinkie ep - Over the Top awesome, Bully ep - Pretty good, but was rather dull, Trixie ep - Fun but rushed, Newest ep - Fun and sweet
Her birds only accellerated the process
Combustiblelemons: IT. IS. ON.
lol
dat baby cry
maybe Apple Bloom is good at raising barns
Why did Rarity allow this?
There are my opinions, lol
AKA Misato
why did i get kicked and you didn't? D:
Stellafera who says she did
Stellafera she was asleep
Combustiblelemons: http://i.imgur.com/88Pyv.png
Rarity didn't. That's Aloe and Lufa's place.
aww, no shocks?
dum
frustrated twi?
misato accelerated the process
Combustiblelemons: I have nothing more at the moment.
those bottoms
RaveBrony: we're not too far in our opinions :)
indeed.
shit when did they put bats in minecraft
and Fluttershy was a shinji
AHHAHA
Nope. No precognition
scared the hell outta me
MadSurge: :$
and well, it's good enough for me trollestia :3
did someone say...
snorkels do not work that way
OPINIONS?
o_o
Shoo be doo, shoo shoo be doo
you know those aren't allowed
that's some pretty localized weather.
...
no sea ponies.
RaveBrony: I think Sombra might make a return
saddle bag bug?
unless you share mine
well they do control it RawketLawnchair
Twi is taller than Cheerilee?
Haha Spike
http://tinyurl.com/7q6ho9p
cheerilee is sexy as well
You had one job, Spike. ONE JOB!
So youve said :D
Combustiblelemons: Check that shit
Frankly, I have a feeling that the Cutie Mark Crusaders are holding each other back. They might have a better chance of finding their cutie marks individually instead of collectively.
but horses aren't sexy
Kandarihu: SHUT UP IT'S CUTE WHEN THEY DO IT TOGETHER
they're horses
^
dat title drop
How do you define taller in horse world? I'd say bigger
Pinkies4thWall: I KNOW I HATE IT WHEN THEY DO THAT
MadSurge: Meh maybe :P
titledrop.
Yeah! *squeak*
Kandarihu, Apple Bloom sucked plenty at finding her talent on her own.
dat titledrop
Yay Rarity!
Maybe it was ust Twi's hair, lol
*just
time to post suggestive pics
The CMC drive Twilight Sparkle to Title Drop
RaveBrony: with a better motive, I mean :D
RainbowAsh: We're talking about Scoots and Sweetie.
roommate is riiiight behind me :S
Suddenly, Cutie Marks in thievery.
Yeah:P
Where is the exaust sound coming from?
yoga mats
http://askprincessmolestia.tumblr.com/image/37456888829
Wow, I didn't know that there was this dynamic before Sisterhooves Social
they stealed rarity
so... which ones of you became crayon specialists? Since I'm pretty sure quite a lot of you enjoyed crayons as a kid.
Sebiale: grand theft cutie marks
They couldve done better on his design tho :(
Punkie_Pue, from her wings, somehow
http://askprincessmolestia.tumblr.com/image/37123459118
Combustiblelemons: Offer him/her a chair :)
Punkie_Pue: Scootaloo's flutters?
he hates mlp :L
I didn't notice lol
/me reads the site name
i still think sombra is more villainy than chrysallis
Nope
I really do not remember most of this episode
cause Conquest isnt really villainy
ghost and goblins
Scared, Spike, definitely scared.
Wait a minute, are Apple Bloom and Sweetie Bell sitting Lyra-style?
dat wobble sound effect
Combustiblelemons: Hey, Combustiblelemons' roommate! Your roommate watches Poooonies! PONIES!
her kingdom needed to survive so one has to fall
he's watched an episode of it, that's all i'll ask him to do.
big woop
Meh
http://askprincessmolestia.tumblr.com/image/36930266953
I still wont click on those links :D
Kung Fu > Dancing
Nothing wrong with pones.
http://askprincessmolestia.tumblr.com/image/36787222741
Applebloom should have been in the movie, http://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/2011/7/28/3c149f85-dda7-4b82-b545-0c705c84ac9a.gif
try capoeira - martial art and a dance
http://askprincessmolestia.tumblr.com/image/36503327308
/me dances
feet?
Forcin' people to watch pones and stuff isn't to cool.
try breakdancing
Ow asshole, what're you doing?
indeed.
http://askprincessmolestia.tumblr.com/image/36303268718 one of the most suggestive JJ pics
FEET?!
/me kidnaps DeathStar
Four Left Feet
wat.
Spinaloo
alexxm: you creeper
scootaloo a dancer ?
DeathStar what
Arararararar
ouch
So Fresh
dumb fabric
DUMB FUCKIN' FABRIC
dumb fabric
the kind of music that plays for a good night of the old ultraviolence.
dumb fabric...
She is remarkable good at the piano considering she hasn't fingers
PARTY HARD
facepiano
Dumb Fabric
WORDS ARE HARD
It has the strength, and the strussel
Dumb rock- i mean fabric
I havent checked up on JJ's work in a while.
phhhhhhhht
i know the feel sweetie bell
Dem lyrics
DIGESTRIA
Scootaloo is hungry apparently
these writers.
thats what they are
Digestia is best Princess
they crack me up.
GOBBLE GOBBLE
08,01i have an interesting star trek fact for you all
!
Hmm?
do tell
click the last link
what is it?
tell us
stupid fabrics
Yes, do tell.
and you will know what i mean
Nah, im good :D
dumb fabric
Bronysith: my brain is breaking down on those images
ZOMG TELL USS
heh
haha
5 legs...
heh
Are they bad, MadSurge?
08,01did you know that actor James Doohan (who played Scotty) fought in the second world war, and was shot 6 times by friendly fire. one of the bullets cut off his middle finger of his right hand
for colts of course.
08,01you can actually see this in some shots on star trek
Is that a fifth leg, or are you just happy to see me?
Meanwhile she makes those CMC capes perfectly
yeah i did know that pshh
RaveBrony: no, they're VERY suggestive though
That is interesting.
wow
Capes are easier
didn't know it was ff though
brb
:O
really..... never noticed
RaveBrony: which DOESN'T work with ponies! :D
tharr be whales heereee
05speakign of this episode
wat.
Was that a... Step Brothers reference?
05anyoen ever drawn "adult" sweetie belle as a singer?
power tools in equestria.
i find it working so much
I've seen some shit...
ifyouknowwhatimean.jpg
Wrek: they must've
Wrek there might be.
i think so wrek
Oh geez, lol
atleast an anthro.
Wrek: lemme check
I think a few folks have done music as her "future " cutie mark
back
dat poster.
Wrek, there is one anthrofied at least.
Aretha Franklin will be Sweetie Belle's cutie mark.
Snails is best colt
If I REALLY had to choose, I'd prefer them human :D
SNAILS! GODDAMMIT!
lol
05link in PM?
Peachy Pie
ANTHRO LINKS IT IS
title drop
TITLEDROP
FUCKIN' TITLE DROP
Aylnine: Ooh, that's a good one.
TITLE DROP
Not anthros, HUMANS
Title drop again! Woot
XD
Oh?!
dat title drop
so many title droops
Yeah, i like Humans, lol
I'm fine with anthros
DIS SONG
Haha
TIME FOR SOOOOOOOOONG
humans are good though
PUMP DA TUNES
IS THIS THE REAL LIFE?
Twilight jinxed them.
http://e621.net/post/show/273274/absurd_res-anthro-blindfold-cutie_mark-equine-fema
Title on e621.net: e621 absurd res anthro blindfold cutie mark equine female friendship is magic hi res horn mannequin my little pony panties rarity (mlp) ribbons rose shnider twilight sparkle (mlp) underwear unicorn
well done twi.
It's all Twilight's fault
my ears
bohemian rhapsody
]D:
I TURNED THIS SHIT UP
ahahaha
That's why Scootaloo sung so badly, it's Twilight
i could never listen to this.
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOUD
Journey.
FUCKIN YEEESSSSSSSSSSSS
With this? Twilight probably saved their lives.
http://emotibot.net/?i=3100
P.O.S.
if we're loud, people will think we're good right?
Bronysith: NO! >8(
Ew
anthros are creepy
ROCK ONNNNNNNNNNNN
I wonder if Scootaloo's VA is also similarly vocally challenged
You can actually hear a laugh at one point when there's a fan
http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/1eb7de70c8960469e282d6a070233f84.png THESE ARE HUMANS
I'd like to go on a bit of a crack theory that at one point, Sweet Apple Acres is seriously damaged by a disaster, and Apple Bloom plants new apple trees to replace the lost ones, so her cutie mark appears as a tree.
WE ARE THE CUTIE MARK CRUS AAA DERS
Nyeh
They mute it well.
yes MadSurge those are humans
applebloom's dancing is adorable
good job
DAT GUITARRRRRRRR
lol
well i'll be... my roommates cracking up at this.
Backing music is decent
DEM HAIRDOOS
Scootaloo's voice actress is actually a good singer, the story just calls for bad singing
cowvarkian: well apparently someone else here is not getting the message :D
it's something.
mkay
Combustiblelemons roommate: Welcome to the herd
Right here you can hear a laugh when her voice goes soft.
Compliments to the pony shredding the guitar.
Dat makeup.
Combustiblelemons: THEY FUCKING BETTER, IT'S HILARIOUS
ill post more ponies
Combustiblelemons: Don't let him get away!
because in the Hearts and Hooves episode she doesn't actually sing
i really like their manes
she talks her lines
Laugh
SHIT'S FUCKING AWESOMMMMMME
dat face
Ohnoez.
Did anypony else hear it
He says fuck that XD
YESSSSSSSS
http://www.ebay.com/itm/110985766757
ouch
There's a youtube vid of her singing Jingle bells in Scoot's voice somewhere
Title on www.ebay.com: My Little Pony Friendship Is Magic Sexy Human Nightmare Moon Figure | eBay
still better than most modern "performances"
FUCKING AWESOME
clap clap clap
DEATH
*WILD APPLAUSE*
I HEAR PINKIE PIE
/me wildly applauded
Combustiblelemons roomate: One of us! One of us!
EVERONE POINT AND LAUGH AT THE FILLIES
XD
NO
lol no!
No.
NO
lol
NO.
gobble gobble
no
MAYBE
HOOFSTOMPING
no.
NO.
no.
no
no.
THE ONLY MAGIC ACT
When we watch the encore of the new episode, I'm gonna listen for Sweetie Bell's voice cracking.
MINES BIGGER, BITCH
whens the encore?
Bigger
HURR HURR
ONLY DRAMATIC PERFORMACE
My Little Humans.
it's shinny!
There were only 3 contestants
Cutie Mark Comedians!
ONLY COMEDY ACT
jcelios, after the 2nd Pony Episode.
k
No
Diamond Tiara, Silver Spoon and Twist don't get SH!T
I got that one Jingle Bells Song. It's fucking awesome. Sorry for the link, but hell, this should be in here.
Comedy? :o
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8T26p9TOIAg
sunny days... i remember an OC someone made called that.
BEST COMEDY ACT, OK THEM.
COMEDY????
Aylnine, there was also Twist
3 acts,3 categories
*then
olk
5h 57m ago... SHIT, i missed it...
ok
Sucess
Diamond Tiara and SS was back there somewhere
oh, right
the time when the show had hidden Derpys all over... :(
oh,alright
those outfits
Sorry Diamond Tiara and SS, being jerks doesn't win you anything
FUCKING TWILIGHT STOP THE TITLE DROP
reminds me of latex
better than expected
Blazing_Beatz: AT least they didn't win anything
reminds me of the 80s
nope.avi
What a story, Mark.
suddenly striping
I hope we get some hidden derpys this season. Ones wher you can see her wall eyes.
Dat Twilight and her 'Oh's
aaaand?
Trollestia: she's going all Celestia in this episode
Lipsync is off for me
COMEDY!
YES?
pony_5011 it should be on YouTube already.
Comedy. :D
RAINBOW
dat face
http://e621.net/data/sample/ba/f3/baf30ef0d04f5bf51cfcd10c127197ff.jpg?1354189977
Dat face
Almost time for LOTTERY!!!
Punkie_Pue: I will accept the non wall eyed version as well.
cock!
ONE DAY, I SHALL..
Foreshadowing
SOON.
One day.
Blazing_Beatz: but it's better than Jeff Goldblum's ''uh''s.....right'?
one day.....
BlitzWing00: yes, i know. But i like livestream more
http://e621.net/data/sample/c5/9d/c59d7ab6057007c2607406268bb2314d.jpg?1347521126
ONE MORE DAY........
one. day.
fraaaaaaaaaaance
dawn of the final day
Alchemist: Id like to at least see the face.
:I
ONE DAY MORE
*evil moon hovers low over hyrule*
pony_5011 I find the livestream harder to see things.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=EV-rMi8Vd2k
ONE MORE DAY (Insert Linkara Reference here)
Yay Intermissions
intermission.avi :D
lottery timez now?
You mean Termina?
Lobby!
is that...
:D
SILENCE!!!!!!!!!!
I LOVE INTERMISSIONS
intermishunz.
lol
Let's go to the lobby... or the lottery.
Please tell me I'm not missing the movie and HOLY SHIT ITS BEN]
inb4 +m
A FORBIDDEN LINK?
good.
Lotto time
>.> Bronysith you are one sick puppy
For people that have not seen it
Who else is playing the Last Day theme from Majora's Mask on Dec. 20th?
Where?
http://e621.net/data/sample/ed/de/edde5afdd205dbfabaf113e93bc15b9f.jpg?1331476798
Me?
i am Paquack
inb4 +m
How does the Lottery work
yesyes new seson
/me goes to the lobby
ok, silence, the mods will speak
http://e621.net/data/sample/a9/ba/a9ba69781b01fa0999195b8f162b3acb.jpg?1328030995
lottery, show us the results!
along with some airraid sirens
Combustiblelemons: ;)
http://e621.net/data/sample/56/21/5621dbac0c48b3471d9346f14219f1a4.jpg?1305272115
let's all go to the loooobby
lotta lotto
Lotteryyyyyy
I need to definatley stretch my wings
*gets herself a mantou*
uh, mods, uh, uh, you're awake? uh, uh,uh uh uh uh that's chaos theory, uh uh uh CHECKMATE
I knew I recognized that music
*opens new tabs and checks tumblr-land*
Yay Simcity 4
I WANT GODZILLA FINAL WARS TO BE A MOVIE WINNER
the song which always played during my city's economic collapse.
mods asleep :D
That simcity 4 music oh yeah
Stellafera: Simple. the mods have a list of each nomination. They RNG for the list, discuss the random movie and then either say, "Yes" or "What the heck was that moron thinking?" Rinse and repeat.
is this lotta.... auto.... erotica?
Mods Asleep: Post Ponies
i could never run a simcity 4 city without cheats :s
Ah
WAKE UP, MODS!!!
Uh, isn't it lottery time?
need to re-install sc4
suddenly i have the urge to build some cities
This music makes me want to get simcity 4
still got it somewhere if i wanted to redownload it
jcelios: nope, all human, we spared no expenses!
cmon tron!
You all are strange, lol
TALLY HO!
Is that what this music is?
Tally ho!
hate losing the code book to computer games though
tally ho?
hihi all
TALLY HO!!!
I always had the problem of being too nice to my citizens and not having enough low wealth people
05Paquack: it says in the corner silly
RaveBrony: I really am! *D
Hyea Kurra :)
8D
Paquack: Lower left corner. Lists the playing track.
asK A MOD
Hahaha! Didn't notice. :P
Still waiting,
i just spammed high density zones everywhere.
/me listens to easy listening dubstep. Made by DJ Pon-3. Ooh.
.
hai Kurra !
Starlight_Phoenix, you must go on an epic quest
Whassup mai homies *ahem* I swear never to do that again. What'd I miss?
hai Michael :>
when they starting the lottery
No +m?
it should be
today is lotto day
BEES !!!
Not yet.
NOT THE BEES
NOT THE SOLLUX
NOOOO
THIS
The horror! :O
why bees?
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lmlbt56k2D1qbi5v6o1_500.jpg
bees
Why nots A?
THE HORROR! D:
Hey Nittany_Discord :)
meh
Nittany_Discord: where your colors?
they are waiting for the toot spam to do it.... arent you? ARENT YOU!?!?
:)
THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU EAT THE MIND HONEY
Amazing gif they have here.
:3
There is nothing between me and bees
DONT HURT MEE
NO MORE
Dat driving
Is pure awesome!
THEY'RE UNDER MY EYES
twilight in background
Hey guys.
Stellafera: Here's how it works: every thursday, there's a newsletter. once you sign-up for it, you must fill in the weekly survey that goes along with it. in the survey, you can pick an A movie (a blockbuster) and a B movie (A cult following) and a pony episode of your choice
C'mon guys! We wanna know what we're watching next weekend!
nah
I'm with Kandahiru.
Buffering.
:(
no its not
patience please...
an attention clamouring chick with a crappy camera filter?
Dark92Enigma-: except the newsletter is sent out usually between monday and wednesday
I'm on line three...
C'mon..
...Well fuck...
We got 14 minutees.
oh yeah dat song
minutes*
Ooooh, I'm digging this Civ III remix.
They should include some Civ 4 music
how do you sign up for the newsletter?
Not me, twilight..
HEY GUYS
Not me either.
*OM NOM NOM POPCORN(
LETS GET SOME POPCORN.
I'm praying that I get B-movie. I picked a damn good one.
So what do you guys wantto see as Next Weeks A Film?
Ragnar's ancient era theme in Civ 4 is epic
Derpingtons, you do realize why the new intermission video is 10 minutes longer than the old one, right?
Haku1013: Grave of the Fireflies
/me points at SuperBrony64.
pony_pony: I;ve been here for months and even I don't know :D
HE stole the popcorn!
Yeah.
/me makes chocolate popcorn
thats a filter?
I miss the days when we were randomly selected from chat to choose the movie
just thought it was a bad camera
I think.
EspyLacopa: Fantastic movie, but it was too painful to watch the first time. So no.
Independence Day?
Patience.
^
What dafaq.
NERDS
Calm your plots, ppl
ok
BITCH PLEASE NERDS ARE INVALID
GEEKS ARE WHERE THE SHITS AT
Dark92Enigma-: they are waiting for the toot spam
Pffft, fine picky bunch
;)
CRITIIIICS!
i've heard that from SLADE all the time: PATIENCE
The last time I won was I think in January. We watched Revenge of the Nerds for the B Film
So
EspyLacopa: Copious amount of feels and tears.
http://media-cache-lt0.pinterest.com/upload/10836855323801336_nHxHPR4W_c.jpg
I never won anything.
I think Luna will star in her own movie.
:I
dead alive was best movie
^
Who is best pony.
:U
some day woona :3
Ryunosuke oh, i see....by the way, thanks for correcting me :)
SHOO BE DOO
corsets are so 1800s
that's even worse
Revenge of the Nerds was best B FIlm
ugh
So apparently Princess Luna can pull a Freddie Kreuger when ever she wants to.
I wonder... maybe they're having setbacks in getting the spreadsheet ready. That's the only possible reason I can think of that the lottery didn't start 6 minutes ago.
shoo be doo bee do shee bee doo
i won a pony episode once in my history of being with bronystate
and still, crushing your ribs
VenHur: me neither, but theres always hope. most of the time I dont even know if my nominations are eligible.
Who is best poneh.
fun
ding
and i've been here since it began :L
=_(\
Lottery time
i think thursday is the cutoff day for lotto though
Best pony? Applejack.
If there is a movie, it had better be made of awesome and win, and be a capstone finisher for this generation of MLP
yay
ya
Combustiblelemons: i won a pony episode last week
Its Steampunk, corsets are kind of apart of the darn thing.
I know
Aaaand +m!
Dat runescape
pew pew
Random!
we gots the lotto
Didn't put in max number
Lottoooooo
:P
But yeah, my main point is its pure whuman women that are sexy :D
*human
sure
but those ones aint sexy
well different people find different things sexy
i personally find personalities sexy over appearance
77
77 is BronySith with Gladiator
13pff that's totally a B
YES
SITH
XD
Nice.
Personality is good too.
THANK YOU
HOLY SHIT
And thus, A vs B arguement has begun!
Thank you, Bronysith
/me hugs Sith
13B FOR BARE CHESTS THAT IS
Lawl
76
Congrats, Bronysith!
CELEBRATION TIME
08,01oh! lotto!
But i work hard on my appearance. So i look for that in my women.
Gladiator is B "ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?"
thats for sure
ScootaChicken with George The Hedgehog
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FsqJFIJ5lLs
YouTube: Are You Not Entertained? By: allstar21369 Views: 861974 Likes: 2324 Dislikes: 45 - https://youtu.be/FsqJFIJ5lLs
Is that even a film?
..George the Hedgehog?
geez ive been voting that movie A since the beginning of time
13nope
13imdb has nothing
hahaha
Sounds like a Sonic-related flick.
scootachicken
08,01it is, it's polish
with george
05it is
the hedgehog
Huh.
05a polish animated comedy
052011
what>
?*
Bronysith: How did you do that. I just wrote that.
Gladiator, never seen that one O.o
sounds like an over the hedge spin off
Is it a valid B?
RaveBrony: it is very fun
Must be : D
052.6million budget
05for an animated film
08,01it is
05very B
00,10stuff like that wins and you all think we rig these pifffffff
Ok then
08,01not sure if theres a dub
08,01also, i was very drunk at the time
08,01so my recollectino of it might be better than it actually is
One of these days, my A Movie pick will be chosen.
There shall be tears.
this is technically my second win
49 is Mekapi with Griffon the Brush Off
What is it?
RaveBrony: Grave of the Fireflies
O.o
Never seen that one either D:
EspyLacopa: Oh shit
It's a great movie, but it's OMG so sad.
So we have our lineup
RaveBrony: It's by Studio Ghibli, and it's the saddest thing ever :'(
A: Gladiator - BronySith
o:
B: George The Hedgehog - ScootaChicken
Pony1: [1x05] Griffon The Brush Off
Pony2: [2x23] Ponyville Confidential
Damint, when is it my turn to win again? I want to watch The Land Before Time or Terklen in Trouble...
thanks
Just googled george the hedgehog, looks like S***
Noooooooooo! Curse you Bronystih for stealing my prize.
Sorry, I had tol
You just put those films in there to make us think it's not rigged
złoty
hmm
Where was Gondor when ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED
Hey guys
why u did that ops
land before time is pretty good
Movie picks?
Hmm, I thought Gladiator was rejected for A Movie.
I loved Land Before Time.
I want my B movie to win :D
otakon17: i win
So how do we sign up for the survey so we can suggest future films?
Seriously, is George the Hedgehog is like, Sonic's long lost brother?
yay gladiator
My b movie nomination is also animated, it has half the budget of George the hedgehog and it was labelled as an a movie...
lolwhat
That was a quick lotto
ops put new episode on with HD
00,10Inb4 I cant find B "movie"
Oh my God no way
desertman2: Oh no, you've worked out our dastardly plan
WHAT IS THIS I DONT EVEN
YOU ARE ALL FUCKING WELCOME
The only time I won I voted for My Little Pony: The Movie just for trolling.
Sumica: It looks terrible.
Sumica: It's polish
FUCK IT I'M SKIPPING THAT MOVIE.
VenHur: No it's based on a comic book
Lol....George the Hedgehog....definatlery not watching that
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_the_Hedgehog_(film)
Title on en.wikipedia.org: George the Hedgehog (film) - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Bah. Just google it
You guys are gonna freak out so much :D
asd
I found the movie within a few seconds.
VenHur: And sadly.. it's a shitty adaptation imho]
George The Hedgehog... Sounds like fun.
Bronysith: Inb4 yiu don't win bc they can't find it
Haku1013: this calls for a celebration does it not?
No
Congrats Bronysith :)
It's based on a comic book.
pony_4908: You wait till the middle of the week to sign for the newsletter when the survey's active
otakon17: how could you not find gladiator?
oh god hes reading porn on the cover
Well this should be interesting next week
Trollestia: Think "the Hangover"
That was the wewk when S2 premiered and there was a S1 marathon. And we started off with that movie... >:D
SirGanjalf|Raptor: A comic based on Blonic The Hedgehog based on Sonic The Hedgehog?
I'm glad I don't work next Friday. Been waiting for Gladiator to win for a long time
HES READING POOORN
Bronysith: Oh you picked A
otakon17: oh... god.
Okay then...
Congrats Bronysith, but Im not that into Gladiator
brb
VenHur: That sounds so much better:D
05hold your horses impatient dingwits
Bjornfot: Nice. :D
Haku1013: Sorry if this is common knowledge, but how would I initiate a private chat with a mod to ask?
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_the_Hedgehog_(film)
Sumica: ...google it... its the first result
otakon17: gladiator
Trollestia: Yeah except animated, in polish with a hedgehog
pony_4908, /msg <target> <message>
Be back, Minecraft...
Kandarihu: Thanks.
Are you not entertained????
otakon17: That. Sounds. Amazing.
So Gladiator and George The Hedgehog
Bjornfot: I remember that, Bjorn. That was -hilarious-
Wrek: I can feel the love ;)
Back when BronyState was actually good.
MadSurge: Hmm?
Right?
for all of those who can't find George the Hedgehog, it is referenced in IMDB as ''Jez Jerzy''
3 mins left
was that the smooze one?
Yes.
Nothing can stop the smooze!
Well apparently George The Hedgehog is too crude
^
blade runner was that night too wasn't it?
So we have to reroll the B
RaveBrony: my B movie is nuts :D
Bjornfot: implying bronystate is bad now
^
reroll
Sorry. No fun next week.
Wait. Too crude?
Bronystate sucks now
Knew it
cowvarkian: Ikr
We walked Deathstalker!
But trust us, we're happy.
Eh, it's ok, but... it's not small and cozy anymore, you know?
I knew that would happen
05ENTER THE FUN POLIEC
Old BS>> this BS
13inb4 dari wins
13or mod
INB4 I didn't take part
:P
cowvarkian: because people i know well are still here
Me winning would be cool.
Dude it's way too raunchy
13inb4 rigged anyway
its the same bronystate to me, so I can't see a difference
^
13but srs that's an awful film and you should feel ashamed for suggesting it
^^
^^^
05i never win lottery :C
hahahaha
Mephias with Mars Attacks!
FUCK YES
scootachicken is getting rerolled
05AAW YEAH
oh damn
13SOLD
a good B
Shizuka: its ScootaChicken, what do you expect?
05ITS A WIN
Good.
cowvarkian: obviously doenst understand
/me obviously doesnt
05Mephias has reached exhalted with bronystate
Great B film
13see now THAT'S the kind of movies we want to see in B
TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT
Lawl
hahaha
YES MARS ATTACKS!, MUCH BETTER
Ok, I might show up next week now. Mars Attacks! is an awesome film.
Lol
Dammit Pinkies4thWall :D
Mars Attacks is not B. 100 million dollar budget
Pinkies4thWall: Indeed.
pure win the b movie
Oh no. This is going to result in loads of 'MURICA' spam, I just know it.
0
so for the record, define too crude
Mars Attacks? Isn't that one of the mod's favorite movies?
Shizuka is pleased :P
Mars Attacks is total B
what are u doing ops? some contest?
:P MLP_Brovakiin
Yay, Mars Attacks! <3
How is a movie about a hedgehog crude..?
08,01too crude? too crude?!
shes going to celebrate with asuka
I was relieved...I didnt want to see some Polish Movie
:3
Don't spam, please.
Err, which mod was it...?
Midnight_Fyre: But maybe the reviews make it B
TIEM FOR RAT RACE
00,10ah this week mya be saved yet
if you know what i mean
MARS ATTACKS! Yes! I haven't seen that film since I can't remember but it's so good!
the proof is in the pudding: Less memes and memorable moments
DAS BULLSHIET
05Midnight_Fyre: it is as good a B as it possibly gets
08,01okay, it might be rather crude...
OMG RAT RACE? YES
Okay so Gladiator, Mars Attacks and ponies
Mars Attacks? So much better
sounds like a good line up
08,01but we've shown worse!
Sounds good
Yep, otakon17.
Hm...which mod like Mars Attacks...
i can't wait.
Midnight_Fyre a B Film can be a low budget film, a bad film, a cult classis, or a very old film.
I forgot...
what the fuck is rat race
otakon17: i enjoy gladiator
Okay then I'm out for now
I'm STILL thinking though....
Midnight_Fyre: I voted Home Alone 2, but they say it a B due to its mixed reviews
otakon17: oh no you fucking dont
rat race is a good film i think
J_ESmith71: It has good reviews though
Still at work and all
MLP_Brovakiin: I do it again for good measure.
a movie 70million budget is approved as a B movie but an israeli animated film with 1,5million gets placed in category A?
At
vaguely remember it
All_the_homestuck: You're in for a treat.
TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT
Work
I need to sign up for the Newsletter
Basically a remake of It's a Mad Mad Mad Mad World
Rat Race is about people racing to get 10000000 dollars
Okay. done
otakon17 x work
08,01SirGanjalf|Raptor: i enjoyed it
good
Bye otakon17 :)
Pinkies4thWall: Spam is bad :I
Lol
So wait, George The Hedgehog is now a Worst Movie Clause?
Take care all, bbl
OH WAIT
/me grabs otakon17
yes
THIS MOVIE!
inb4 Pinkies4thWall gets kickes
too crude for views
Bye, otakon17.
bye odor coon
Anything to do with lab rats and science?
/me wriggles free
rat race!
Bean
i remember the bronystate tradition of always doing pinkiequest before a stream
yep
Give me a goodbye-kiss.
If reviews determined a movie's rankings, then my eternal choice for B Movie would all depend on what reviews they go by. IMDB hates it, RottenTomatoes love it.
I <3 Rat Race!
The fuck is this
No
tootspam.
I don't think that's a Worst Movie Clause
._.
I'm just a slight bit confused
THERE BETTER BE A FUCKING LABRATORY OR SOME SHIT
Hell yes! Mr. Atkinson!
oh god, i remember this movie :D
/me kisses otakon17 anyway
:( sorry, Nittany_Discord
Do it or he'll make penis jokes >:3
Later otakon17!
it was so fun
Wayne Knight?
and rowan aktinson is awesome.
Please tell me the whole movie isn't like this
Wayne Knight?!
O_o
All_the_homestuck Rat Race about a group of people racing to get 1000000 dollars, all to entertain a bunch of rich bastards
CosmicLatte: nope,
Wait...that's the chubby man from Space Jam!
And John cleese! How is this a B-movie?
CosmicLatte: It isnt
Newman is back
a brony is in this movie.
I hate the ending on this one.
Thank god.
i love the voice of Breckin Meyer :)
GOOOOOOOLDBEEEEEEEEERG
spot the brony.
I swear, there have been more movies pre-emptively WMC'd than WMC'd after the movie ran.
fuq yes
Combustiblelemons: who?
CosmicLatte: These are just the credits
Today is Wayne Knight day
omg Rat Race
seth green.
05if you havent seen mars attacks!
by watching the movie
NOW WHERE THE FUCK IS NIC
08,01it's like Battle Royale, but stupid
oh ok
05calling it not B is not valid
13Kandarihu: better than having to decide after the fact
IF HE ISNT IN HERE JOHN WILL NOT BE HAPPY
you're welcome
VenHur: You mean its the fat guy who got eaten by poison spitting dinosaurs
Wrek, agreed.
08,01wait wait wait
wait music by John powell?
08,01Mars Attacks
celebrate what?
Kandarihu: THAT'S funny.....we've had only 2 WMC's
My favorite time was the week we watched The Room
wheres nic cage when you need him.
Shizuka, yeah. I agree.
i'm pulling all the stops to make it to next weeks stream
05its the B for next week now
Dat SFX
something
nothing will stop me.
omg dis movie
nah ive just kept picking it for A
It got picked?
ohai dere regulars
It's much better to ask for permission than to ask for forgiveness.
Kandarihu: well deciding a movie is too crude isnt exactly the same as wmc
ohai
Hi, IshRemorselessPony.
hey Ish
i remember this movie
Ohai there IshRemorselessPony
Hey IshRemorselessPony :3
what won the lotto?
me
Does it go all around the world?
/me glomps IshRemorselessPony
gladiator
My project for begging After Effects class ended up looking better than this movie's intro.
Wait.. The Room isn't too crude to show, but a movie about a hedgehog is?
somehow the animation reminds me of gmod :S
08,01Dark92Enigma-: i most certainly am not
twixie_sprinkle, in everything but name, we just witnessed another pre-emptive WMC.
Bronysith aaaaaaaaand?
beggin = beginning
Ok, I'll wait patiently for the blatent racist steriotypes
08,01it's not a B
08,01it's an A
gladiator
i won with gladiator
Gladiator and...
So, are there many movies with the same premise as Rat Race? There is of course "It's a mad(x4) world", and crazy race, the german rip-off. Anything else. Seems like you could do something like this every few years with a new cast of comedians...
IshRemorselessPony: A "Mars something" movie, if I recall.
AFRO HORSE!!
Also this casino is where Sumica works
mars attacks
Anyone got any ideas for A?
wut
and the pony episodes?
This movie is all about Bronies fighting over the chance to go through portal to Equestria, including the ending.
lel
I do, but I'm keeping mine a secret. :D
Afro horse seems like a funky disco pony porno.
afro whores
"Lonely Space Vixens"
Afro Horse
Is the lottery still going on?
IshRemorselessPony: GIlda The Brush Off And Ponyville Confidential.
If i cant think of anything im going with "Spirit" for the lulz
Havok: Nope.
She really does pronounce it like Afro Horse!
:<
LIKELY STORY BRO
Kandarihu: well wmc is usually just so bad its not enjoyable at all, if a movie is too crude to view here, it doesnt mean its a bad film
Who won?
RaveBrony: i dont feel like voting tbh
I TOLD YOU IT WAS A PONY PORNO!
uu ii a aaa ting tang wala wala bing bang
:D
uu ii a aaa ting tang wala wala bing bang
all the details
that bitch.
lies
Lmfao her description..
Havok: Sith, Mephias, and I can't remember the other two.
hes a clopper
Dick.
00,10yeah but my boss is an achent old jewish man that has his kids via invitro.
AFRO HORSE: STARRING THE SIZZLING SOUL SISTA ZECORA.
WUT.
oh that guy
PILLS
Afro Horse? Must have watched MAGIC.MOV. It's the footage of Rainbow Dash with the afro mane for 90 minutes
well i win the big one
she loves her job.
The Hobbit 1977
A horse with a fro, sir
lol
I feel like its my duty to participate, lol
Woman
StinkomanFan: YISSS
"insert stroking of Ego"
ohgod.
SHIIIIIT
xDD
Loser of the week.
Havok: just wait till Newsletter comes out
whats that movie?
StinkomanFan: :D
ok, brb everypony.........
cya evrypony
XD
Fuck you, Fox News!
LOSER
Cyall
Kay :P
VenHur: SO TRUEEEE
Lmfao
O_O
bye SweetieG4K
oh!
i got it
http://s551.beta.photobucket.com/user/BrotherOfSasquatch/media/AfroHorse.jpg.html
WOAH PUNCH
shiii-
Hahahahahaha...
cowvarkian: :O YEEESSSS
rawrity
twixie_sprinkle, you do realize there are standards here, right? Wrek went too far with Penn & Teller and ended up showing porn. Then he took a month long ban for streaming. The reroll from this movie was in order to prevent another incident like that.
Damn that ponies ugly.
you came?
DUNRFIERFOERN[F
rawrity isn't here? D:
damn.
EWUDEWJD
<---Nittany & Shizuka
maybeh
All_the_homestuck: Yus
maybe=yes
Kandarihu: yeah? im just saying that wmc isnt the same as deciding a movie is too crude to view here
hufheuhegeyheih
EUBFDEBU
Ow?
dat seth green
My Aunt and Uncle once won 300000 dollars in a casino. 10 Minutes they lost it all in a single bet. Worst vacation ever.
Why don't you do it?
13honestly from chat's behavior with a black cinderella, there's no chance in hell they would have gone through that movie
what is dis sorcery
Haku1013: Sorry bro
ouch.
Hahahah
Dat Fall.
dat falling is so fake :P
08,01hahaha
Oh goood, she's DEAD
ded
lol
Derpyyy: Yup.
win.
Whoooah, my stream is lagging..
wut
Dat falling is sooooo FAKE.
Shizuka i missed the first viewing of that what happened
FAIL
No, it's okay, don't help, she's fine.
Shizuka, really? Were people flipping out over that? I was honorbanned during both showings.
CosmicLatte: Good luck bro, mine's fine.
Be back
THE PARTY DONT START UNTIL THE FAT BITCH FALLS DOWN THE STAIRS
Silly mods... Expecting this guys being able to behave
lawyers, lawyers everywhere.
i
There we go, refreshed
just
noticed
these*
I think it's fixed
Gnight everypony :)
Kandarihu: those are weird standart if they dont grip at sex szenes from, say, game of trhosnes and misfits which were pretty much the same
whoop
Shizuka: It wasn't about a black cinderella. It was about butchering a Rodgers and Hammerstein musical almost beyond recognition.
13alexxm: let's just say we learned who all the closet skinheads are
You guys started talking about the fall ten seconds before I saw it xD
g'night Michael
ponies stopped writing to molestia and trollestia
Night, Michael. :)
:P
night michael :P
Derpyyy: I'm still here T~T
night Michael
Kandarihu: also, he didnt end up showing porn. he ended up showing pen and tellers bullshit
Shizuka: Well... that was my problem.
RING
WHYYY
you wouldn't happen to be from RT would you?
Why does Whoopi Goldberg look like a clown
lol
Trollestia: im big
Everypony's writing to Woona now
Whoopi Goldberg is one of my favorite actors
DO IT BITCH
StinkomanFan: She's adorable bro
same Haku1013
Dark_Horst, it was the episode about some of the criticisms against porn.
UNNACTEPTABLE... CONDITIONS!
we need shipping!
Must be an Iphone
Kandarihu: your point is?
She carries extra phones. At least she's prepared.
get our shipping done!
Bronysith: its been a bi-winning weekend for me so far. I got admitted into my first choice college, Im seeing the Who in live concert tomorrow, and now this
shipping!
I still want it explained to me why Whoopi looks like a clown.
what kind of movie is dis
we want celestia x luna now!
*unacceptable
:P
Derpyyy: pretty good one
cool
Derpyyy: Yeah, you can't describe this.
CosmicLatte: Why not?
it's a comedy
SAMOSA EUGHHHHHHHHHH
d'aww
Because no D:
kay
they still tour?
:o
one /weekend/
SHE DOESN'T NEED TO BE MARRIED
cause i dont understand anything
kinda like cannonball run
oh shit
d'aww
Psychic.
BITCH GET A HUSBAND
Wow, that's a spot-on psychic.
lawl how could i?
SPOT. ON.
08,01samosas
08,01are fantastic
i dont know
yay
you get mugged
Good ol' Whoopi GOldberg.
neil dies
i dont know
BEST PSYCHIC EVER
what a good psychic.
She was EVERYWHERE in the media.
they go on beds with shoes on
cool
These kids,.
O_o
kids
Fat kid, fat dad.
"Dear Princess Woona, ... about that dream you stepped into... I... uh... Sincearly Rainbow Dash."
Must run in the family.
>_>
I would put money on the fact that that psycic was the babies father :O
On your mother's EYES?
a meteor strikes earth and kills you
:3
<_<
BAM HEADSHOOOOT!! BAMMM!
LOL
hahaha!!
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Naughty or Nice Event Begins!
Grr, still lagging a bit
AWW, HES GOT HIS FATHERS DICK
AHAHAHA
Sorry.
Nick? TITS
08,01StinkomanFan: ha
Refresh'd
Kinda creepy idea... Luna stalking in everypony's dreams... Now thing about teenage colts.
SirGanjalf|Raptor: Woahkay then
That happened to me and my sister once
>_>
Luna stalks the dreams of cripples.
don't talk about the episode i haven't seen it yet D:
CosmicLatte: That shit ain't funny
Yes it is and you know it. :D
pinkie pie could become anything on halloween, so she became scootaloo.
PAPER
these sound a lot like spoilers
Come on, Nick!
TAKE THE PAPER
NO SPOILERS FOR 24 HOURS WITHIN NEW EPISODES AIRING
DO IT NICk
Left 4 Nick
XD
Nick says "I have my own damn paper"
STOP RIGHT THERE CRIMINAL SCUM!
Cool story Nick.
leapord dead 2
Haku1013: you just made it a spoiler by saying it's a spoiler.
A winner is you!
I GOT A DOLLAH
StinkomanFan: I'd rather die than go to hell!
Rochelle: i like ham
This guy what.
StinkomanFan: PRISON* My bad
The critic...
MONEH
THEN PAY WITH YOUR BLOOD!
Gayest gamble ever.
lol
clink
those nominees are bullshit
Gamble away your hopes and dreams man
lolwut
Magic tokens
Yeah, no spoilers until at least 24h after the ep has aired
Here comes the plan
Golden tick- er, tokens
StinkomanFan: NOOOOO
/me 08,01hasb't seen the episode yet
Sorry, I wasn't aware.
spoilers: voldemort dies
so was todays ep good? no spoilers ofc
I'm so glad this is a comedy.. I sure need one right now
i will be here to spoil early then.
Best Jam
I'VE GOT A GOLDEN TICKET!
spoilers: Rosebud is his sled.
oh good, the scam!
Aylnine: It's the best comedy :D
Flim flam Brothers...or Burger Rain....
to the beer factoryy
Run, Charley!
I LOVE SCAMS
Oh good! A scam!
condo sale
08,01Aylnine: what's up?
Derpyyy, you do that, and you get banned.
goddamn condo salesmen.
I'VE GOT A SCAMMING TICKET!
MAKE ME 4 FEET TALL AND CALL AN ED, CUZ I LOVE ME SOME SCAMS
FREEEE GRUB
the cider sliders are the only logical choice
Kandarihu: kay
It's poison grub :D
FNCFINFIFR
isnt that seth green?
rnkivfinf
what are we talking about willis
Sue himself!
/me 08,01hugs Aylnine
You should sue somebody!
08,01Aylnine: i'm sorry, hun
The point of these roullete machines is to only go for the hottest ones.
i still dont know what this movie is about though
Bonehead... Owch.
Oh my god... look at all this porn
twixie_sprinkle: The new ep was great, wait till you see it later after the next pony ep
Good 'ol Whoopie GOldberg.
hey bronies if your school planned a field trip to go see The Hobbit in 3D, would you go see it?
J_E_Smith71: kk thx
MR. BEAAAAAN!!!!!!
YES
Mr Bean
Rowan Atkinson:D
<3
MR BEAN YES
A GAWLF COIIN
Er, okay. That's not the point of it, but the trick to it.
I NOW LOVE THIS MOVIE
Dat Bean
lol
I love Mr. Bean
MR.BEAN!!
YEAH MR BEAN
Yay, now we can get to the good (i.e. british) comedians :P
A gould coine!
his expression is funny
Mr. BEAN?!
ohai dere Blackadder/Mr Bean
mr bean
WOW AWESOME ROOOOOM
Mr. Bean is a gift from heaven.
<3 rowan atkinson
BEAN
Blackadder!
No pun intended
What pun bro?
mr bean and cheese
meh, dont see whats funny about bean
What a beautiful parrrty
....he sounds dubbed
Cocky doggies?
mmmm cockdoggies
Cock Doggies
HE'S SO COOL THAT HE CAN SPEAK WITH TELAPATHIE
lol
wait, what?
Its clear any category ponies are in, the ponies are going to win, lol
His english is TERRIBLE
dont mess with flutterguy
People tend to forget... Some things ain't spoilers, until someone let's others know it is indeed spoiler the others are talking about... Now let's talk about that abandoned house in the everfree forest.
Cockdoggies! :P
YES
That's it, I'm out.
SUDDENLY
(/)° 3°(\)
i dont know
and John Cleese:D
I KNOW THAT VOICE
JOHN CLEESE
a wild dani appears
was chrysallis really that evil?
Lmfao what
little cockdoggies
cock doggies are now what i'll call them.
*dabi
North Carolina!?! Sheeit
lolwut
maaaaaaaaybe
Hahahaha
Lol, Rat Race
"Thank you for coming. Now, you're all going to die."
she was naughty
hey bronies if your school planned a field trip to go see The Hobbit in 3D, would you go see it?
LMFAO WHAT
And heres our rich bastard for the night!
Repopulate
wat.
WOAH BRO
cause she was going to FUCK shining armor
Your are last hope
thats for sure >.>
With you John Cleese; ALWAYS
Bahahahahahahahahahahahaha
the guy: LMFAO
Rowan Atkinson and John Cleese. <3
Whoopie Goldberg AND Mr. Bean in the SAME movie?!
TROLL
ME GUSTA
O_o
He's insaaane
Okay no that's the best xD
with that crooked horn of hers
Bronysith only for nurishment though
He made a joke.
This guy wins
jauke
OH MY GOD HE OPENED HIS MOUT
troll
dat troll
Bronysith: sounds cool
but she talks in a seducing tone
Jokes like this are awesome
jouge
GOOSEPIMPLES
trollestia is in this movie too?
08,01goddamn
and has half lidded eyes allt he time
08,01i love redheads
of course shes going to fuck
:D
=_(\
Derpyyy: You have no idea bro
AHAHAHAHA
"Get into a full elevator and tell everyone 'im sure youre all wondering why Ive called you here'"
goose pimples
Hahaha?
dat laugh
This guy is fucking insane and I love him.
awkward xD
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
:D?
you guys will spam about everything nostalgic won't you?
08,01Dark_Horst: you're not lookin ghard enough
Dat Cleese
>on a site of bronies
>expecting no spam
FlGHT CLUB!
go
stop listening so hard den
xD
Brony_ponies: SPAM! I loved that! Oh man, look at the nostalgia I get fro spam! SPAAAM!
Lawl
Brony_ponies: Floam? :D
mlp fim won teh best animated series thingy
Meep.
lol
dont deny it
Without a personality. Jelous...
AND HERE ARE MORE RICH BASTARDS!
chrysallis is a wHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORE
Derpyyy: thats because we rigged it
Brony_ponies: Yes, we all know about "Ye Olde Product That Must Not Be Named".
poor man.
So... what do y'all think of the movie?
Derpyyy: That poll is still going on for 24 more days.
Bronysith: There'd be spam on practically any channel, regardless if they're bronies.
Is this like Hunger Games?
good for you
Kind of
Trollestia: Your character movie. :P
its still winning though :P
CosmicLatte no
NIC CAGE
Vordoxensaurus: One day I'll get my own movie
hahaha
Ok through the whole marriage thing and all that comes with it, I cant deny such accusations.
Sounds like it, though.
Derpyyy: Well, there's no way we can't win any poll with ponies, but, you know. :P
Trollestia: Until then,this is yours.
hey trollestia, why haven't you uploaded chat reactions?
I think Coach would be better captain
lol yea
Vordoxensaurus: FANTASTIC
But i wouldnt even have thought that far had it not been for that X_x
2,000,000
2 million monies
so many monies
dont put that thing up to your ear!
Gooo!!!
CREEPY SMILE
LOL
D:<
2 million bits
/me ECCENTRIC RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR~
:D
GO YOU STUPID
Rrrrarrr raaarrrr
hahaha
RRR RRR
GO!
I'm eccentric. RAWR
bitch, I can do whatever the fuck I want.
A rrrace!
I love Mr. Bean.
Not just a rave...a RAT RACE
RRRRRace
rrrrace
I hope I winnn
THERE ARE NO RULES!
NO RULES
rrrace
GO!
so did Amazing Race base their show on this movie?
go
GO!
No seriously this is Hunger Games.
GOOO SUCKERS GOOO
he's eccentic
i like mr bean but not beans.
Eccentric is a word used to call rich people who are crazy
GO
GTFO!
GOOOOOO
hey Trollestia, why haven't you uploaded chat reactions?
CONTRADICTION
See, he is yelling go...ITS A TRAP
FUCK, YOU DONT NEED TO ABIDE THE LAW
Brony_ponies: To troll all of you :D
XD
GO GO GO
Brony_ponies: He's explained
i would have been out the door so fast
EXACTLYYYY
BAM BAM BAM
LMAO
hahahaa
xD
man those guys are thick
RRRRRRRACE
Lmfao
a tttttrace
:D
attttrace
A RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRACE
mmmmPasta~
A BIG OLL RAT RACE
Pasta is gud...breathing is important
Brony_ponies: He's been too busy and there have been issues with the stream. He said he'll be back next week
lol
dat run
What kind of jackass gives away money?
me
crazy italian
A SECRET PUBLICITY STUNT
CosmicLatte: someone who is betting money on who wins
wait for it
CosmicLatte, rich idiots gambling.
CosmicLatte: HEY1
you're welcome
PONY: yay
watching new episode here :)
Lmfao.
umf umf
lol floorhump
StinkomanFan: that was a spoiler.
lolol...Mr. Bran
there's a ghost combustiblelemons :S
>_><_<
*Bean
thank you
mr.bean what are you doing
Yeah, no way
damn internet going down
See ya!
lol
Dat Music
Combustiblelem0ns: haha
AND THEY'RE OFF
shut up :(
FUCK YOU THATS MAH MONIEZ
No PONY, they just showed us the rich idiots gambling.
Let the games begin!
TO THE STAIRS MEN
it's not funny :'(
I'm going to get a drink.
Wait what the steram no
puck da folice
Dat Lag
dat lag
Then i get lag
Suddenly, lag.
combustiblelem0ns: NOO no.
yeah.... not racin... >_>
aand lag
ikr
Refreshed and fixed.
umm
By the way guys TroIIestia's back with chat reactions
whys this guy talking about dolphins?
XD
/me hasnt gotten that lag yet
what are they racing for?
StinkomanFan, didn't say it was gambling yet. Still obvious though. :D
2 million monies
money
*pinky to face*
Two MILLION dollars
Combustiblelem0ns: 2,000,000 MONEHS
2 million monnies
/me is clopping too much to care
I'm weeening
2... MEEELION dollars
I'm weeeeeeeing
nevermind just had a weird ad.
weening.
Combustiblelem0ns: 2 hundred BILLION dollars
weeenie
Bronysith: oh quite you
*quiet
WEENENG WEENENG
Tmi
not quite
Hey all.
*puts pinkie in his mouth*
/me watches Bronysith clop
as in pinkie finger
There's your ponies.
PLAY DIRRRRTEH!
Durty
:S
not pinkie pie... that's just wrong.
StinkomanFan: now they are reveiling it.
Oh god but not Pinkie's finger
pinkie promise when you promise
Those were fucking scary
See? Ten idiots are recruited for a gambling race by John Cleese
I need an adult, eer, Mod!
i agree
GET IN THE CAB
ponies with fingers = ohgod
Um, let's keep chat classy please.
well if you dont you're gonna die and if you do you're gonna die
Lyra?
Good 'ol Whoopie Goldberg.
Never really happens, lol
INK PENS
yay ghost me disconnected :D
/me sends an angry religious nut after Bronysith
"I'm going to be a film critic!"
AJIsAwesome: then bronysith cant be here
RaveBrony: It happends sometimes.
>_>
*happens
I missed the lottery. Can anyone tell me what won?
A CriticKitten!
StinkomanFan: I see what you did there
Combustiblelem0ns: RARITY CATCHME
and Bjornfot needs to tone it down sometimes
Her face
WE!
FAMILY STICKS TOGETHER
or rawrity
DocSane: Gladiator and Mars Attacks
idk
;)
Hahahaha
Run Mr. Bean...Run
Mr. Bean lolololol
lol bean
cowvarkian one does not simply have Bjornfot tone it down
08,01Haku1013: because glue!
narcolepsy.
SUDDENLY BEAN SLEEPS
And Asleep
J_E_Smith71: Interesting combo...
Iss a race iss a race
true
EES A RAEC
sleepy bean
sleeping while standing
He sleepy
bravo
:D mr.bean is best pony
:o
Mr. Bean is going to win
Ah, he's narcoleptic
you mean colt
08,01Haku1013: glue made from science
Well, sucks to be you then
MOTHER FUCKER
its nice to hope though
<---- DIS MOVIE
is it legal to do this by the way?
I'll bet the bids STARTED at $2,000,000
if it was i'd do it
are you guys paradoxes
Time for bed, goodnigbt everyone :)
/me Pinkie1013
D:
DocSane: We had a reroll, the first B movie that won was too dirty to play here
Glue was made from Horse Glue way back when.
If a mod tells me, I take it easy.
Nyeh
Combustiblelemons: why not
its 4:15 pm where i am
http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/31536109.jpg
:o
*goodnight
Night, MAilbox
:D
it'd be so fun :3
What would it be like to have ponies obsessing over humans as we do with ponies?
im in umm
08,01>.>
J_E_Smith71: What was it?
canterlot
Pinkies4thWall: Oh you :P
poor man.
OH OH
OH SHIT
This reminds me of the Hunger Games, for some reason.
:)
You'd have Lyra.
uh oh
Paquack: Ask Lyra :P
Paquack Like Lyra?
ohai sat
uh oh
This has been reminding me of Hunger Games forever.
J_E_Smith71: What? What about that one zombie movie? The one that was insanely violent? With the custard scene?
DocSane: George the Hedgehog. some Polish animated thing
i like to eat panquacks for breakfast.
20 g? really
Sports are serious business.
Ohai Chrysalis_
and dinkyhooves.
J_E_Smith71: Never heard of it.
08,01DocSane: Mars Attacks for B
The world is trying to kill that guy
YEs
MARS ATTACK
YES
yus
berightback
Yeah, like Lyra. :P
Mars Attacks? That's a shame.
ack ack?
Lolsneeze
what a shame.
AJIsAwesome: you missed a whole flurry of VERY saucy fanart :|
50 shades of grey.
..........
NO
Mars Attacks is an... interesting... movie, for sure.
Ack ack! Snack pack!
Um, what?
I think shes reading 50 shades of grey.
"I'm not a creep"
you dun want know
/me 08,01wonders how long it'll be until 50 Shades of Grey is a film
Damnit Jon, leave her alone! You have a cat for a reason!
Mane chat or here?
AJIsAwesome: courtesy of bornsaht
08,0150 Shades was really badly written
Here
How can they even make that film without it being a porno.
Oh. :S
I thought they were doing it...
I don't know if it would be a good idea to vote for my regular B Movie next week.
08,01i've seen better clopfics
08,01PONY: yes.
Well, it's good that I missed it then.
Well, it was a fanfic for Twilight.
50 shades of grey is already being made into a film
You mean it isn't already a movie yet?
emma watson... damn
also, there are some really well written clopfics
the best usually have a no-clop version
If we're talking Fifty Shades of Grey does that mean we can discuss clop?
I do say though, a touch of class would be most pleasant in this here online chatroom.
"..mail it to me."
^
yep.
good clopflics should instead become pornos.
http://xkcd.com/1128/ <- 50 Shades reference here
AJIsAwesome: Luckily I have already seen worse stuff than that, so I will sleep soundly tonight! :D
i did something wif doctor whooves b4
hahaha
Bigger then her condo. XD
RaveBrony: never going to happen
Lololol dat headsmash
LAWL
Bigger than her condom.
i was next!
<--- DAT GU
RaveBrony: http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/8fa6e363ed9309366756e3130c457c68.png is this classy enough? :3
Because I remember this story called "Preggity". Guess what it's about
YES IM CALLING U A LIAR
GU
dat buffer
cowvarkian: I've seen chat being classy in both here and mane chat.
cowvarkian: As is expected.
PAWNCH
THAT PERSON IS FAILIAR
CHECK THIS PAWNCH OUT. FALCOWN PAWNCH
Lol
:D
hahahah
I know
Ouch we're completely booked.
me too
http://cdn.derpiboo.ru/media/BAhbBlsHOgZmSSJlMjAxMi8xMi8wOC8xN18xNF80MV83NTlfMTc2MjcxX19VTk9QVF9fc2Nvb3RhbG9vX3F1ZXN0aW9uYWJsZV9mb2FsY29uX2FydGlzdF9sYW1pYV9wb21mX3BlZG9iZWFyBjoGRVQ/176271__scootaloo_questionable_artist-lamia_spoiler-s03e06_imminent-rape_implied-foalcon_pomf_pedobear.png
AAAAAAAL- BEQUERQUE
Dallas? Sallad!
uridifaFBJUFNAF
AND NEITHER AM I.
MadSurge: While visually appealing, I tend to look for more order in my class.
oh my
LMAO
Combustiblelemons: SALAD
AND NEITHER IS HIM
VEGGIA SALLAD!
<--- TERRORIST!
AND NEITHER IS SHE IN THE BED
>:)
It's Dalas Salad
This plan smells foolproof.
Dat pre-9/11 security. :D
this scene.
MFW You make a bomb threat in public
Um.
<= pre 9/11 security
Oh god, no
What are they.....doing?
DO YOU ALL HEAR THE SONG
DO YOU HEAR IT
Bjornfot Derpy.me
Oh good idea.
this damn scene.
hall of the mountain king?
Don't tell me you didn't think of that song
saboutage.
IN THE HALL OF THE MOUNTAIN KING
INB4 9/11
rofl omg
I was looking up George the Hedgehog and it said it contains A relationship between a woman and an antropomorphic hedgehog." All the Sonic '06 jokes we could have made...
eeyup knew it
RaveBrony: she is very actioney though :)
I LOVE THAT SONG
This movie actually came out less than a month before 9/11... :D
9/11 made plane jokes "in bad taste"
funny how the radar isnt spinning
Saucy ponies is one thing, suggestive with fillies is just plain wrong.
Ah, the days BEFORE Nine/Eleven.
lawl J_E_Smith71
This is why they upped Airport Security
damn terrorists.
J_E_Smith71: I know right.
This is clearly an excellent idea
Gah, I hate it when chat crashes.
ohshi-
frnfebjuefbujfderf
^
9/11 JOKES ARE PLANE WRONG
Hahahahahaha
Lolololol
LOL
That's not GOOD
THAT IS NOT GOOD
9/11 jokes are dumb. They are PLANE stupid
it'S okay guys. that radar isnt moving anyway
Pinkie1013: haha
derp
is broke
That isnt good at all
RaveBrony: indeed
You spin me right round baby
Lindeman: I'm going to hell. I laughed.
LAAAG
Also, I like the art style, MadSurge. :)
oh now it is
Okay. Since this event is for people who couldn't be here last night, let me clear something up. This movie came out a month before the 9/11 attacks.
"..That's not a good sound.."
Right round
it spins
Snake jokes are plane worse
dat music + scene is just fitting xD
Thats what he said.
Like a Record baby
cum on guys gay jokes arent funny
didnt this movie come out before 9/11/01
Trollestia: we all are
Nyeh
AJIsAwesome: it's awesome :$
Hahahahaa
Lindeman: Haaaaaahahaa
GET OUT OF THE FUCKING CAR
Duh.
Eeyep Punkie
Trollestia: well, If there is a hell, lots of my friends will be there too
GET. OUT. OF. THE. CAR.
MadSurge: Reminds me of Uncle from Jackie Chan Adventures. :D
Trollestia: :D
dat scream
DIS
ITS A FLYING CAR
that is one strong rope.
MUSIC
SCREAM LIKE A GIRL
best song
RaveBrony: http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/6df1b549d3557eef81890c4f3a0da9cf.png this is classy :D
Lmfao what even is this
LMFAO
AAAAA EJFNEOFNCEFR
dat green screen
RNWEFINDERNI
cowvarkian: It was the plane jokes, wasn't it?
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEK
B JDFRNJCFRNCDFKOCDFKCDFRJCF
Anti-terrorist car
What is he even trying to do, anyway?
God I <3 Rat Race SO much
Trollestia: sure
Kandarihu: Break tthe radar
what the hell is that rope made of, diamond?
RaveBrony: You're right. That IS classy.
This song reminds me of Adventures of Sonic The Hedgehog
what are they doing
Thats what I hear out of him all the time.
* MadSurge
I think they were going to pull the spinny thing off the tower
cowvarkian: hahaha.
hi
August 01
Uh oh
UUUUUUUUUUUU
STUPID CARRRR
And then the spinny thing pulled them up the tower
OH
terrorists win.
SHIT
Vordoxensaurus, and why does he want to break the radar?
dumb fabric (of reality)
mission acomplished I guess
Well, that worked.
MadSurge: I concur, that is, without a doubt, full of class.
Kandarihu: Stop the other racers
T____T
FUCK DA PHYSICS
ewwwww humanized
Trollestia: I would go to hell just because I'm an atheist though, which is why I said if there is one
LOL
<--- Lawl
A technical problem
cowvarkian: IKR??
What are you, faggots?
DA FUQ
Vordoxensaurus, I see.
Eh, seems legit.
Um
._.
a bit
They should have more than one of those
FUCK PHYSICS, says pinkie pie, while going in the pool.
ROAD TRIP
If the entire giant fucking airport has ONE of those
Bjornfot: implying you aren't?
ಠ_ಠ
<-- OH SHIT TAXI
I don't even know
uh oh
When was it issued? In Guam. XD
oshit
GODDAMN STUPID NEW GUYS
NO
Hahaha
http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/1ce0926a57d846fb17de7e69402f36dc.png this though isn't classy :D
FUCK YOU
derrrrrp
Lol
New comer employee
DAMN PROBIES
Aylnine: What?
New guys. Always rough
XD
MadSurge: I think it's somewhat classy. :<
Festive, yes. Classy, no :D
Go Whoopie Go!
Forgot to mail it
MadSurge and this is a volcano http://i.imgur.com/p55R1.png
Trollestia: Pblllttttt
...get it?
Ba-dum tsss
Seriously, the idiocy involved in having only one of those extraordinarily important things..
I didn't mean faggots as that, cowvarkian.
also, argonians are trees, and khajits arent cats
IshRemorselessPony: dat Koopaling :D
Derpyyy: Plllbjblbkbblkbtjlkbtttt
PLING
captain
GET TO DA CHOPPA
?
Bjornfot: what, like british ciggarettes?
THE CHOPPA
Trollestia: qwertiuwteoifjslkjdfjnvalkjsdfhj
TO NEW MEXICOOOOO
get to da chopper!
^ :D
Roswell? There are Aliens there. :O
IshRemorselessPony: Needs more FIYAHBALLS.
a bundle of sticks
You can fly...
quite right yes
But...HE THREW THE KEY AWAY
AND NOBODY ELSE CAN FLY
No, ciggarettes are fags.
GET THE KEY
Think of the happiest thing...
Derpyyy: IT'S ON BRO qwertyuiopl;kjhgfdsazsxcvbnmjhkgfdjsxfcvgifhrbednjfdjnh
LOL
Realization!
You can fly, you can fly, you can fly!
Bjornfot: same thing
Faggots are brittish meatballs.
he can fly! he can fly!
GOTTA HURRY
Lol that guy
what is he getting at??
GO GO GO
THROUGH THE TRASH
Trollestia: ALRIGHT odsajkfoiukajskvnalskjfniosdpajfoiawjef
hungry for garbage
Bjornfot: good to know
cowvarkian no you're thinking of fags, faggots bundles of sticks
COCONUT!
John Cleese <3
What do I have to do, eat one out of the garbage.
bet
on
IshRemorselessPony: but I'm not a bundle of anything
I BELEIVE I CAN FLYY
EVERYTHING
The Volkswagon Beetle was used by the Nazis
Trollestia: dkfjalskjdcjnba;wojdoiaejfdjalkhfkljhdciajsdiofhwuehfkjsdhfivuhakjsdhfkh
Derpyyy: I say we end this now before it gets out of hand
cowvarkian if someone calls you a faggot they're not referring to a bundle of sticks
Trollestia: yyes sir
LOL
Jars
WHAT
yeah, I know
ohgod
A jar and a funnel
xD
funnel
JArate
XD
Trollestia: i mean maam
lol
JARATE~
eww
LOL PRARIE DOG
dat description
LOL
:S
EWWWWW
Lmfao
OH
EUGHHHHHH
EW
OOOOOOOH
I was eating...
Lmfaoooo
EWWW
BAD IMAGE
SWEETIEBOT
deaaugh
Yeah, I don't need that mental imagery.
IshRemorselessPony: I know how poorly formed insults work
$20,000
dat face
Just another job..
lol u can notice greenscreen
what?
His face
good thing i failed to understand that
HAHAHAHA
CP!
haha
LMAO
Lololololololololol
lol
Push away!
:O
Crap, I was Trollestia, but I got disconnected.
PUSH AWAY
._.
its gonna fly out of the car
AHAHAA
push away
Record_Discord: Yup~
Record_Discord: Okay
Record_Discord: oh yeah, you're trollestia
Trollestia: So... It's you.
SHIT ALREADY YOU LITTLE BITCH
push her away...
lol shark bite in new mexico
LAWL
Shark bite. In New Mexico.
Shark Bite....
should have said cancer.
LOL Shark Attack Unit
lol
whoops hit backspace
Geography fail
cowvarkian: Lindeman: So there's a REAL trollestia? My bad. HAAAHAHAHA.
Shaq Attack Unit?
WAT
HAHAHAH
*hair twirl*
What
DAT CAR
What even was that
DUDE
NO
lol
STAHP
xD
stupid sexy John Lovitz
:D
A shortcut..
Record_Discord: I been doing this a lot longer than you, boy.
Oh he's fucked now
rape
desert rape
Ahahahaha
call molestia
Trollestia: Fair enough. Have a good day, good ma'am.
WAIT
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
LOL
WAIT HOLY SHIT
lel
;_;
sleepy_pony: maybbr
Dude it's not that bad
START RUNNING DUMBASS
poor guy
Waaahahaaa
WAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAAHA
<----- Humanity greed....
whats wif dis ad
I live in Arizona, hot sand's not that bad
KATHY BATES
WHAT THE FUC WAS THAT
Aww
ಠ_ಠ SQUIRRELS
They're so cute
squirrel?
>.>
Eh, fuck it
<.<
oh no...NO not that squirrel lady
Squirrel!
oh crazy squirrel lady
Not the squirrel lady D8
Ooo, squirells for sale.
I wanna squirrel
Squirrel? What the fu....
you can have it back for now
I want a squirrel.
it's just a squirrel!!
Fluttershy woulda bought a squirrel.
Can I have a squirrel
hot sand reaaal hurt
/me wants a squrril
shake hands?
Awww Whoopie
a squrl
i'd take one.
oooh.
Just buy a squirrel and she'll tell you
uh oh
Combustiblelemons: Would you? Would you really?
shortcut
We need to have a "Rat Race" Sorta thing with a good chunk of Ponyville.
LAWL
Kathy Bates playing another crazy woman
isn't that the lady from Misery?
Could've fooled me.
Yes you are
This is one crazy woman.
Record_Discord: Nick's clear, I won't boot you this time
I think it might be Buytoast
you are what
who is you
Hanako: ... Who are you?
Do they know how to crack walnuts whole?
Record_Discord: purely to release into my neighbours flat. he's a jackass.
Record_Discord: Trollestia.
They should've bought a squirrel. >_>
Nuts
such a nice lady>_>
I wanna squirreellll
Awww.
I was talking to the squirrel lady who said she's not retarded
Ahahaha
WHOOPIE I LOVE YOU <3
Hanako: But... shouldn't your name be Trollestia?
no she isnt nice...believe me
Nice Boxers man
Speaking of which, are any from Wonka's factory?
shirt boots
oh noes
Um, the directions involve going up a big hill.
oh, yeah
inb4 dat museum
that's third degree murder isn't it?
Record_Discord: I changed it back so you can use it.
she's also a bit of a serial killer
BARBIE
o man dis part
Woooo Barbies!
Lol
._.
Lol Barbie Museam
KLAUS Barbie museum
BARBIE MUSEAM, YEAHH!
No spoilers!
Well, okay Hanako. And nawww, it's fine, lol. If you've been using it, you deserve it.
/me licks cowvarkian
funny scenes incoming
Wiggin' out.
Barbie Museum?
SirGanjalf|Raptor: no spoilerin
/me gets licked
oh i remember this part XD
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OMG
Oh, is this Rat Race?
poor guy.
Oh god that wife
HEADBUTT
I assume with your tongue
yes Gilda
Gilda: Eeyup!
Gilda: yes
F*CKING WOMAN
not with a weapon
yes
Eeyup Gilda
LOL
Hoo boy guys just wait till you see what kind of Barbie Museum it really is...
AHAHAHA
nazi museum
suddenly: Nazis
wat
AHAHAHHAHAHA
THAT museum
wow
aaaw crap he gets slaped
WOOOW
NAZI MUSEAM
nazis
Lmfaoooo
HAHAHA
....
xD
epic win.
OH
MY
GOD
ummm....
Nazi barbies
Ahahaha
:O
um
Lol ok then
Klaus Barbie <3
cool
ballroom dancing champion...
ITS IRONIC BECUASE THEY DRIVE A VOLKSWAGON
why aren't they speaking german?
Heilbot:D
dncfideindfin
All dem swatstikas.
XD that mannikin
Haku1013: *wagen
vanemare: because they're uneducated hicks
BARBIE MACHINE
mannequin*
BARBIE MUSEAM
RUN
...
Damn internet died
just run
You...are...failing
(They're on their way to a gay Gypsy Bar Mitzvah for the disabled.) :D
AHAHAHAH
lol Jewish family
Love your do!
Ahahahah..
DAMNIT KIDS
dem trolls
THIS IS HILARIOUS
DHHDERHJFERIOHEFRSHORTCUT
let's hope he doesn't have a rocket launcher for the chopper
efiwfrifrhiofih
ifiohrofiov
EHEUHUEHUHUE
Get another key cut?
uuravuh
rnufnfrjifr
ONE EEE
or steal one....
Awoooogah
Awoooga
Dat Hitler's Car
LMAO
they stole hitlers car
AHAHAHA
one e
the movie just skipped for me
Lmfaoooo
wow
oh man i love this movie XD
HITLERS CAR
HAAAWNK
hay yeah
WOW
xD
xDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
dat benz
LAWL
THAT WINS
WWOOOOWWW
it gets worse
hitlers gonna be pissed
they're always pissed
winrar
They're always pissed -- they're nazis!
They're Nazis. It's like it's their job!
klaut einfach mal hitlers wagen :/
i like how they kept the flags up
FUCK IT, ITS HITLERS CAR
You should a took the flags off...
wird ja nicht bewacht
hitler killed millions of people
whoops
Ha. Haha. Boyfriend.
(nah just kidding)
He should have at least taken the flags off...
random guy steals his car decades later
oh my xD
vanemare: HE DID?!?!
vanemare: He didn't.
protip: never piss off a female chopper pilot
GASP
CHEATING
DAMMIT CHARLENE
that is justice!
is hitlers' car actually still in existance?
BASTARD
OH
GODDAMNIT CHARLEN
SHIT
TAKE THIS!!!
inb4 Psycho GF mode
CRAZY WOMAN
O KINKY
VENGEANCE
:o
Combustiblelemons: I doubt it. It probably would've been torn apart soon after the war.
LOL
D<
inb4 crazy woman
ach du scheiße
uh oooohhh~
RAAAAAAGE
POOL SEX
women scorned and all tha
HELL HATH NO FURY AS WOMAN SCORN!
^
i think so too pony_4908
OH SHIT ITS TWILIGHT
OH MY GAWD
MURDER
Indeed. The man responsible for the third-worst mass casualty events of the 20th century.
Dieeeeeeee
TWILIGHT RAGE MODE
And that's why you don't mess with Pinkameana Diane Pie
NAVY PILOT
Overly Attached Girlfirend
Note: do NOT piss of a helicopter pilots
don't piss off a chopper pilot.
I feel like you're not supposed to randomly detour your helicopters to fuck with your ex-boyfriends
Kandarihu: and then theres stalin
Ahhahahaha
MY FATHERS A NAVY PILOT MOTHER FUCKER
<-- Ow
LOL
cowvarkian, and Mao.
Right in the wall
Kandarihu: him too
Oh My God
NOT THE TRUCK
Just don't date anyone with a helicoptor
DAT ENGIS A SPAH
OPEN IT
xD
DROP ALL THE THINGS
CROWBAR
:[
or a pilots license
OPEN IT:[
:D
OPEN IT
NOT THE TRUCK
OPEN IT!!:[
OPEN IT OPEN IT OPEN IT
OH MY
<----It's Fluttershy XD
"NOT YET" "okay"
Dat stunts
Lmfaooooo
flutterrage.
YOURE GOING TO LOVE ME!!!!
AJHAHAHAHAHHAHA
I love this woman
You were spupposed to LOVE MEEEEEE:[
hahaha xD
hes got 3 stars in gta
I want my five months back
Cops: "WTF?"
<--- Why I fear women
Ahahahahah
well
SO MANY LAWS BROKEN
haha\
Can a chopper fly that low...
better than keeping it in I suppose
"You're gonna love meeeee!"
*supposed
XD
Ahahahahahahahaha
I WANT MY 5 BUCKS BACK
hahahaahahahahaha
Jon and Flutterrage sitting in a tree
cops/ Wut \cops
dat police is like "dafuq" xD
awesome
GIVE ME MY 5 BUCKS BITCH
YOU CANT RUN FROM A WOMANS FURY
WHERE YOU GOIN, BABY? WAIT FOR ME
/me is jelly and wants licks too...
nothing to see here
Cajun: evidently they can
they were within the speed limit
K-I-S-S-I-N-G
<--- AWESOME PILOT IRL
DUDE
nah i think she try to kill him
FINISH HIM
TAKE THAT SUCKER DOWNNNNNN
I LIKE THIS CHICK
DED
O_o
he dead.
ded
This is why I'm not allowed to fly helicopters
She is amazing pilot
She can fly
A COCKROACH
ded
Oh God...
CosmicLatte: BAAAHAHAHAHA
yeah, I just roll with it RaveBrony
Not the Engine
no airbag
._.
DUMBASS
shouldnt have thrown out the flaregun.
That's how things woul've been if Flutters could fly welll
A
*well
engeneer help !
/me gives cowvarkian to Bjronfot to lick
*Ah
B
SPAH SAPPIN MAH HELICAWPTER
seems to have sucked up some sand
"I can't die here! I have a cat!"
115 laws
And this is Record_Discord, signing in.
*Bjornfot
it should have exploded
515?
oh my
RUN
Only 515?
Need a dispenser
http://ohdatcheerilee.tumblr.com/image/31074669384
You know, a helicopter isn't even as fast as a plane.
OHH MAI
http://ohdatcheerilee.tumblr.com/image/31074669384
<---- DAMNIT WOMAN
<3
rofl
Ahahahaha
gta
THROUGH
PUNCH
you and I are through!
GTA win
FALCON PAWNCHHHHHHHH
The blades are still spinning
BITCHSLAP
IshRemorselessPony: wait, waht
I love the soundtrack here! :D
Sugar Pie Honey Bunch!
Bronysith awwwww
The feels of that pic D:
516 laws broken
CosmicLatte: they would be
Vordoxensaurus: It's pretty good
156
I PAID FOR IT
Tracy confirmed for 4th GTAV protagonist
AHAHAHAH
ouch.
OW
Isn't that the Cherilee that has sexy times with her students
157 Federal laws violated now
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmph
=-]
HA!
Fitality!
...
never cheat on this gal
I think she said five hundred, not one hundred...
Mirage
=[]
Hahaha
and then the feels are gone...
oh dear
I lik eher..
Tracey is a bona fide BADASS
WATER:O
dafuck
<---You KNOW where this is going...
dat sob
looking like a fool with your pants down on the ground.
:D TIME FOR SHENANIGANS
Well he doesnt look fucking insane at all.
no IshRemorselessPony no its not
ohai lucy ... and lucy
bushman rulez
xD
OH THIS SCENE
Ahahaha
They are off to brony con
I LOVED this scene
SHES HAVIN A BABY
it's Prairiedogging ^^
I'm pretty sure it is.
praire dog, anyone?
GUSHING
gushing
GUSHING
Hahahahhaah
Haha
damn, ninja'd
for the baby
GIMME THE JACKET
:D
idiot
well either way
lol science.
TABLE OFF YOUR JACKET
at least scootaloo wont be sad
VAGINA O__O
HAT
HER VAGINA
/me evil laughs
NO HAT
....vagiiiina o_o
AHAHha
GASP
LOL!
lol
Everything BUT WHY MY HAT!
VA GAI NAH
VAGINA
HUUUUUUUH
This guy has a very indepth knowege of annatomy
FOR HEr.......Vagina
ohai all the lucy''s
that driver was a bro
That guy was stupid
You can't drive a bus.
I had to go for a minute, what happened?
<--- Check the people here now XD
ifyouknowwhatimean
hellooooooooooooo
OH MY GOD
HELOOO
"I Love Lucy" Con!
I walked away when he started drinking water
some of those are probably guys
CosmicLatte: Vagina happened
agant 47
oh
Erm
I LOVE LUCY CONVENTION
SO MANY LUCY's
you
Okay?
Well
All of them are.
<--- Bronies
GPOY we Bronies :D
aaaw creep
ALL OF THE LUCIES
Wait a minute, 3rd Annual?
CosmicLatte: this guy tricked the real truck driver into giving him his cloth by saying he needsit cause his wife was giving birth
Ive got a drawing to work on, you all have fun :D
CosmicLatte: no, srsly
OH SHIT ITS A BUS OF LUCIES
Too Many Lucies! :O
oh
Oh, okay.
If that was a Brony bus....
BEST
DAY
I feel like I should know this, but who's Lucy?
EVER
still asleep
I WHIP MY HAIR BACK AND FORTH
BEAN
http://ohdatcheerilee.tumblr.com/post/34713269300
Title on ohdatcheerilee.tumblr.com: Oh Dat Cheerilee
XD
wat.
LOL Mr. Bean
Is he dead?
ATKINSON
ISS A RACE
EEZ A RACE
Mr. Bean, always good with kids.
Yes Mr bean!
rrace
One of these days Lucy , straight to Silvercity
Its a Race
RRRRRRRACE
Mr Bean is close friends with Luna
GO BRO GO
is a race
RRRRRRRRRRUN!
Nedry?
TAXIII
Dennis!
NEWMAN!
NEDRY
AHHHH DINOSAURS
HEY!
DENNIS NEDRY
IT IS FRICKING NEWMAN!
Hey, I thought he died in the last movie! :D
Newman:|
dennis wat.
NEWMAN!
DENNIS!
THE GUY WHO GOT ATE
Bjornfot: oh dear
that is so amazing
Gaben returned!
Oh shit
THE SECOND GABE
Yeah, SUE his fat ass
so he survived being eaten
Ohhhh shit.
OH SHI- GLORIA ALRED!
Blazing_Beatz: best description
Ta-da
DAda!
gabean
NOW ALL WE NEED IS A THIRD ONE
RAEC
A raceeee
HAAAX !!!
EL PASO
Pinkies4thWall: I Know right
But they cant count to 3..
GRRREAT
Grrreat
wins
Ggrreat
GRRRRREAT
Ah ah ah! You forgot the magic word!
Getting a key cut
nice plan genius
Called it
<3 WHY IS THIS MOVIE SO AWESOME
Vordoxensaurus Kandarihu: Thanks. Never heard of it though...
THE'RE GRRRRRRREAT!
Gggggggrrrreeaaaat
ಠ_ಠ
Iianail
Lmfao
Oh hey
Didn't last week's B-Movie have a dude from Seinfeld as well?
This guy is from H
...
eroeroohn xD
nice
nyeh
URROUH
weeping_pegasi82 I was just saying that
Three copies, now.
Oh God...the Keylocksmith is gonna steal those keys
I rrrouu
:P
fail
bucking morons
IWUJ
:p
aw stupid
oh dear
UIWSHGRIERHGSE
ADAFADAFSD
IM GONNA EATEN
LET'S GO STEAL A CAR
HEAAREHE IAZ
So, what is this movie?
Wayne Knight is also Michael's friend in Space Jam...
uh oh, Pyro's pissed
ISEEITISEEIT
Haku is back
YOu
AHAHAHA
YOU
Pinkies4thWall: Rat Race (2001)
SHOULD
HAVE
YOU SHOULD HAVE BOUGHT A SQUIRREL
brought a squirrel
BOUGHT
wat
:O
I KNEW IT
A SQURRREL
I FUCKING CALLED IT YOU GUYS
YOU SHOULD HAVE BOUGHT A SQUIRREL
YOU. SHOULD. HAVE. BOUGHT. A. SQUIRREL
Dem signs.
Freaking Squirrel Lady
AHHHHHHHHHHHH
SuperBrony64: hi#
SQUIRRELS
that was psychotic.
<-- LOL
HAHAHHAAH
:D
oh what a bi***
You should have bought a squirrel!
secretly shes a killer
pony_4908: thanks
holy shiet
that's hilarious!
THAT SQUIRREL LADY
HOLY SHIT
LOL
that was disturbing
that... bitch
i count 27 cars
Yep it's a Kathy Bates character all right
damn
buffers
Scrrencapped
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
people should just put booby traps around animal shelters
nice ^
Lolwut
Dat murder....
Killmenow,jpg
I <3 Squirrels
thank god for the insurance
They should've bought a squirrel. :D
lol
The Squirrel Lady went very far just for the sake of punishing people who ask for directions without buying a squirrel.
well
<-- BRONIES
the lucy bus
LOL
STAY BEHIND THE FUCKING YELLOW LINE
JOIN THE HERD
poor man
who doesnt want to get with rainbow dash?
Vordoxensaurus: what murder? she just gave them directions
She's takin' a drag
AHAHHAa
OH GOD
lol
Lol
<-- Oh god
well id prefer twilight or rarity >.>
oh god
Lolololol
FIRE
OH NOOOO
Lucy, your hair is on fire
aaaw creep
FIRE FIRE FIRE
fire fire!
did the lotto happen yet?
MY HAIR IS ON FIRE
This is so totally a Lucy bus
Good job
IT'S ON FIREEEEEE
aniderp|bestcakeever: Yep
MY HAIR IS ON FIRE
now she's really a redhead
Now she really IS A RED HEAD
Ahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
I REALLY LIKE HER MANE
MY HAIR IS ON FIRE
cause i think rarity would be a nice mistress/dominatrix
Guess Lucy was kind of a hot head
<---- Bronies ftw XD
LOL
what was the choiuses?
aniderp|bestcakeever: Gladiator and Mars Attacks won
Rarity is a fucking bitch.
smother her!
dat music
NOT THE BATHROOM
DAMNIT VANEMARE
WWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
STOP SMOKING
XD
what episode?
waaaaaa
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Lmfao this is so hilarious
FUCKING BUBBLES!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING!?
ohgod
OH GOD
<--- DAT I LOVE LUCY THEME
WAAAAAAAAAH
:D
LMAO
NOT THE BATHROOM
:'(
these women
WHAT IS GOING ON
X'D
STUPIIIID
WAAAAAAH
What are they even doing
xD
wat
WAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
2 million dollars
DISHWATER
bubbles, my bubbles
How was there enough water to make this happen
.....
Where's the chocolate?
CosmicLatte: I Love Lucy Convention Tour Bus
that white
Go go soapbus!
FUCKING BUBBLES!
STUPID WATER
bubble lucie rave, that must be someones fetish...
LUCY BUS FOR HOPE
I know what it WAS, I just wanted to know like.. what WAS.
How many Lucies are there anyway? 20? 30?
PARTY BUS!
You'd think that guy would make enough as an NFL referee to maybe not worry.
MURICA
Twilight is an adorkable smart awesome scientist.
There's usually enough room for 50 on those buses.
About 2 million.
<--- TRUSTING A WOMAN!?!?!?!
Hitler's harmonica!
dat
Hitler germs
Hitler's harmonica
HITLER GERMS
Hitler's harmonica
Hitler's Harmonic XD
MRS. HITLER
Mrs. Hitler
Eva Braun's glasses! :D
Mrs. Hitler
LAWL
that lipstick
<--- STOP touching stuff!
Hitler's girlfriend lol
foreshadowing
that song
Hitler's lipstick
Gaben
BEST EVER
XD
Haku1013: New Mexican Klaus Barbie museum, duh. :D
Lol
:D
Mr. Bean
<_>
<_<
Mr. Bean and Nedry.
Zooooomin'
Hello guys :)
ASS
CHANGE CHANGE CHANGE
inb4 THAT speech
ass
Haulin Asss
aw righty.
Hålin garse, alright
ASSSS
ASS
ass
lol
ASS
LAWL
Lol
XD
<3
DAT ASS
DAT ASSSSSSSS
dat heart
KALI MA
xD
Hart?
Wait what
It's an ass-heart.
That just got dark
gaben
Wanna see it....lol
he really wanna see it...see that heart xD
Nerdy will save the HUMN!
There's something wrong with that guy
this guy has a weird boner for the heart
/me noticed the thunderstorm in the background.
you wanna see it?
OH GOD, Hes gonna mess up the heart
Why would you want to see it..?
oh god
LAWL
:D
air
HES GONNA MESS IT UP
SEE THE HEART BEAN TOUCH THE HEART BEAN BE THE HEART BEAN
are we allowed? xD
he keep dino heart :D
bean can happen
This chemistry is AWESOME!
It needs fresh air
Lmfao
<3
HEarts need air
fresh air
inb4 out the window.
<3
Edgar Allen Poe, is that you?
IN TINFOIL
My heart needs air.
he can get skittles dropped into it
ITS A STEAK! EAT IT!
Newman And Atkinson!
IT'S IN TINFOIL
BEAN LOOK AT THE HEART
EAT IT
AND THATS WHY HE GOT EATEN BY A DINOSAUR
WHY
HEARRRRRRRT
hahaha xD
KALI MA! :[
lol
OH GOD
touch it
THE HEART
aw boring
xD
Haku1013: Silly haku, that's not the reason.
NO
LAWL hahahaha
delicious
OH SHIT
Haha
Lmfao this method of sanitary heart transport
HEART ON THE FLOOR
boing boing boing
eww
i think i found eet
Ahahahaha
Caramel apple, heart, same thing
apple
caramel apple
smote
That's a carmel Apple
ILLEGAL TIME
158 Federal Laws broken
stealin' gas... from the cops
holy cra
Don't mess with Black cops... D:
smote
Wrek: Loving the movie? :D
smitten.
gonna get smote
SMOTE DOWWWWN
BREAKING THE LAWL BREAKING THE LAWL
yep, she's psyched
<-- Dat Old trick of Blowing
OH SHIT
lol
HAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAH
Ahahahah
BWHAUHWHHAWUWHAHUWAH
HAHA
uh oh
win
aw lagg
hahaha XDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Lagg
LIGHT IT ON FIRE
<--- And now we're nearing the climax!
Gotta refresh...dern lag
Hmm, it's going to take some getting used to how Ustream handles lag.
Its not you
I'm so confused
It was all
Oh crap, it's getting close
THE BALLOON FESTIVAL
I've been to that
hot air balloon chase :)
TWILIGHT SPARKLE'S MAGICAL BALLON
Come on lag!!!
jacking a ballon wat.
inb4 Ride of the Valkyries
This music. <3 Man Rat Race has awesome soundtrack again <3
It's probably not actually filled all the way yet
How does ustrream handle it differently?
quick use you blukbot powers!
balloons are so slow :S
or not
Where's ValtheJean with the lyrics to that song from G3.5 with the balloon?
Lololol
YOU HEAR THAT COW??
Let's DANCE ballet with opera!
those shock absorbers.
SUDDENLY, OPERA
best soundtrack
Lol what, light switch for cruise
OOOPERA
What just happened
What's Opera Doc?
Lmfao what
MOOO
oh shit, is his tongue caught on the hood ornament?
Mooo!
LL
COWS
MOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Squirrels again?
Moooo!
animal abuse
Mooo?
MOO
MOOOOOOOO
Mooooreiella
this movie ftw
Lawl Cows
Cows and cows and cows
this movie.
HOLY SHIT COW
FUCKING SQUIRRELS MAN
Those poor cows.
cow
Behold! The Empire of SuperBrony64!
holy cow.
Ahahahah
jump to the side
COWS KILL MOVRE PEOPLE THAN SHARKS
FUCKING SQIRRELS
there is no cow level
<--- lawl
I TOLDJA MAN, I TOLD'JHA 'BOUT THE COWS!
lag
LMAO
RUN BOI RUUUN
lol
how do you outrun it?
What's wrong with him?
I'm so confused
damn what!
T____T
Cruise control at 10mph?
:'(
OH GOD
OH GD
NO
Cow!
COW
HAHHAHAHAHHA
THE COW
dat cow
NO COW
reminds me of the ending to hitman
MOOOOOOOOO\
cow
NOT THE COW
SuperBrony64: YOU WATCHING THIS?!
MOOOOOOO
HOLY COW YOU GUYS
UDDER
Dem utters
AHAHAH
mmmmilk
MILK FIGHT
that was udderly disgusting
this is udderly hilarious
Hey all! ^,^
i don't think that's how it works
EW
Rage Virus
pwnyy: BAAAAAHAHAHAHAHA
Poor cow
NYEH
sploosh
LOL
What's gonna happen to the cow?
THE CAR
CAR
He didn't take that into acCOWnt.
AHahaha
the music :D
Oh yeah, because physics.
We Have Lift off
Cool Stunt Bro
DIS MOVIE IS AWESOME!
Holy COW you guys
smamp monster
CTHULHU
it's cthulhu!
*swamp
grawrrrr
Swamp thing
Like I said...I love Rat Race...this was a amazing choice
SPLOOSH SPlASH
someone has a BEEF with this movie?
cthuthlu
hugs :3
:)
<---- err....
Um
dat brohug
GAY
nao kiss
broglomp
Bromance
Dude, that must have tasted SO bad
What movies won the lottery? 6_9
TIME FOR LUCY
o dis part
OH MAI.....
OH GOD
<---
AH
WHOA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
WOAH
Oh my
MOOOO
COW!!
DAYMN
HOLY SHIIIIT
xD
COW
cow
MEWWWWWWW
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
Dat effects
FLYING COW
Dat CGI :D
is taht a new remake of some like it hot?
ITS SO REALISTIC
WAT
AHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Legs everywhere
WAAAAAAAAAH
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
WAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
LAWL
Wahhhh
WAAAAA
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH
WWAAAAAAAAAAHHH
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Dat Lucy! :D
WAAAAH spam time
waaaaahh
WAAAAAAAAALUIGI TIME!
THOSE LUCIES
OH GOD
wahhhhh
Oh god all the girls
getting off the bus would be better wouldn't
it*
There are TOO MANY LUCIS
SO MANY LUCIES
They all screw up in true Lucy fashion.
Someone kill them all
mother of god
NO NOT THE SPARE
Heimlich manuever XD
so annoying
NEVER TRUST WHEELS
haha!
pinkie pie would be proud
NEVER TRUST WHEELS
XD
Dedicatedfans
SirGanjalf|Raptor: Mother of Lucy
They might turn on you
And this is why I don
best pitstop ever
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Tip'd
Dedicated fans
't trust wheels
WAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAa
Waaaaaaaah
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
LOL
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
they should totally work for red bull or something
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
<--- Bronies
:D
WAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
D:
T______T
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH
:'(
And now Owen WAHH
that is my idea of hell.
We ARE like that. :D
Lucy Fans.....Far Worse than bronies
WAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH
Iz a nickel
eets a nickle
A nickel..
OH GOD
is a neekle
OH
pop
SHIT
MY
GOD
Mother of Lyra http://i20.photobucket.com/albums/b217/strangething/ponies/lyra-mother-of-god.jpg
LMFAOOOO
SHIIIIIIIIIIT
Uhhhh the heart's kinda useless now
there it goes
It slipped!
Dammit Bean
Wayne Knight AND Mr. Bean on the same scene...
HAHA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
oopsie
I win~
WAAAAAAAAAAAAA
I lol'ed big time.
Lmfaooooooooo
FUCKING MR. BEAN
IT BOUNCED
that heart is a gonner
THEY DONT HAVE THE HEART FOR THIS MISSION
I make a joke
maybe it bounced XD
Trollestia: NOW you shouldve linkedthat pic
:D
GODDAMNIT BEAN
This scene is SO Mr. Bean.
DA AHRT
*snort*
to help you forget how screwed you are
Dead
win
Snort
snort
if i were u i wouldnt use that heart anymore
twixie_sprinkle: True, true.
THE DOG HAS IT
JAOK
NO BEAN
jauke xD
LAWL
Screwed
SO SCREWED
ohai doggie.........
A doggeh!
Oh god no
...
FUCKING DOWG
"I made a joke, to make you forget how SCREWED you are!"
doggie has heart
<--- LAWL
Shit.
DAMMIT BEAN
BEQUEREL
oh god
I looked this up on TV Tropes. There was a deleted scene where the Lucies are picked up by another tourbus that are also headed towards the same convention. It's filled with men cosplaying as Lucy's husband, Ricky Ricardo.
WOAH
Awoooooga!
Just
So screwed
Hahahaha
Just no
Dem flags
AHAHAHAHAH
dogs brings present, human throws it away
Mahogany!
oh god
I fucking love Hitler's car
<--- LAWL now they are ADMIRING
AHAHAHA
Middle Finger
uh oh
LOL
XD
inb4 things go horribly wrong for the umpteenth timme
<---- PPPFFFT HAHAHHAAH
best scene incomming
middle finger
WAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Well, shit.
OH HE SAID DYKE
Bike
SHIT
Not helping!
HAI
Well... shit.
OH SHIT
oh god
:o
XD
g2g
OH
he is so screwed'
oh shut
OH SHIT
welp
CHAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGE
shit
SLAM THE BRAKES
OH SHIIIT
Yup, he ded.
That biker gang.
I LIKE YOUR DICK
So. Many. Slips.
SLAM THE BRAKES
Let the MUSIC BEGIN!
oh shoot
SLAM ON THE BRAKES YOU IDIOT
YOU CAN'T DO THAT TO HITLER'S CAR
Not the BENZ!
hells angels
THIS IS HITLERS CAR
Best scene incoming
INB4 HITLER
XDDDDDD
hothothothothototohtohthotohtohothoh
this speech
dat scene xDDDDDDDDDDDD
Oh God
<--- WHY ARE WOMEN SO VIOLENT in this movie?!?!?!?!
ohgod
oh shit son
Oh god
OH MAI
XDD
LOL
GOD
NO
HAHAHAHA
:D
OH MY GOD
/me HITLER TIME GO GO GO
...
JUST NOOOOOOOOOO!
:O
SirGanjalf|Raptor, I kinda liked that last scene
ASHDAUHFISUAIGFWUGW
:D
NO
No.
OH
HHAHAHAHAH
MY
GOD
OH GOD NO
Ahhhhh
IUFVISVISEUGFIWGFAWEF
HAHAHAHAHA
:D
Brilliant.
._.
lol
XD
Lol
BWHAUWHAUHWHAHW>AUHWUAHWUAHWUAHWAHWAHU
:D
Oh poo
OH GOD NO
BFIAFBHAIWUFHIASUHF
Hello everypony
._.
LMAO
wat.
:D
no.
GUN
BWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAAA
/me sieg heils
HAHAHAHAH XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
how does this
DinkyDoo: Hello
XD
nein nein nein nein nein !
SIEG FAIL
LMAO
WOAH
DAMNIT OLD PEOPLE
OH MY GOD
oh shit
Oh my
That is awesome.
any germans here who would understand that :DD
wtf?
don't do that at an old people convention
Dat woman
lol
this is wtf
That was my favourite scene when I watched this movie for the first time
That was great
tits
im german and i didnt understand any word
Helooooo Beautiful
oh my
xDDDDDDDDD
OH NOES
this is an oddly specific fetish
vanemare : I didn't really understand his dialect, sorry.
poor man
Hellooooooo nurse!
Eli: this movie?
mmmm
Sailor...Hats
oh yeah
134 Current?
sexy time
this gun be gud
<--- Aaaaw
dude
Jacoozie....Filled with Pepto bismol
ummm....
okaaaaay...
WHAT
D:
O_O
>_>
WHAT
What?
,,,
...
ಠ_ಠ
that
WHAT
This guy has a weird fetish
oddly specific
<--- And he had NO personality!
ಠ_ಠ
O_O
shave my buttocks
'-'
O_O
Uhhm
hats
>.>
<.<
ಠ_ಠ
WIERD FETISH
ಠ_ಠ
you forgot the sailor hats
._.
ಠ_ಠ
I'd do it
ಠ_ಠ
uhh
Wow
XD
1 million dollars
Ooooooooooooook.
ಠ_ಠ
LOL
:D
wow
good bet
bored rich guys
LOL
3000
HAHHAHAHA
OH MY GOD
HAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAH
THE DOG
/me lost
NOI
It's like Candid Camera.
Lmao
Those rich assholes:D
Hot dog? :D
poor dog
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Comic: Bank Robbery / Scoots and Dash / Princess of the Fright / As Sweet / How Trixie Rolls / Trixie's Competition / Headless
\m/ಠ_ಠ\m/
win
DOGGY NO!
I love these guys
<--- OH
Doggeh, noooo:(
GOD
ded
fried heart
10,000VOLTS
:'( THe Dog! :'('
Doggy ;_;
10,000 VOLTS
now the heart should beat again
random electric fence
And creepy crap like that is why I'm asexual.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO THE DOG =(
:(
Naahhhhhh, those holes aren't bite marks!
Nittany_Discord: good for you
They're speedholes!
pshaw!
Nittany_Discord: Cool lady! That's awesome!
The dog will serve a great justice
Kill the drifter....what the
oh god
Drifter....
uhh...
D:
I like cuddles better than, uh, that stuff
Find a drifter!
Oh god
Why is NEWMAN so awesome as a sick fe'ck?
Uh oh
what a horrible thing
RUN MR. BEAN
Damn Newman, you scary.
RUN
Run Mr. bean!
RUN
black screen
Nittany_Discord: Arguably, you are much better off than us, with our "crazy" urges...No offence meant
run mr bean
OH NOES
Run.
NOOOO
RUN
uh oh~
idiota
All gone
GTFO NOW!
POOOOOR MR. BEAN
RUN
WAHHHHHH
XD
:[
<.8
Enrico knows what's up.
WHAT THE
Mr. Bean! IT'S A TRAP!
:(
This is now my fetish
-.-
he has the right idea
Whyy....why do you....
Mr. Bean style :D
hey look, a drifter ------------->
....
WHAT THE
XDDDDDDDD
yeah of course
RANDOM TRAIN
LAWL
train
GET HIS HEART
XD
:D
Look, a Drifter!
LOL
sure.
WHA WTF
Rowan STYLE!
he didn't actually grab it
yeah that wouldn't kill you
no electric fence there for some reason
Bullet train out of nowhere
He was stalling for that train.
wat
Heart's ok!
Oh, the innuendo
<--- IT WORKS
weeping_pegasi82: bad quality, there was another string
:D
Random Train...then the heart started
:d
lol he has all the luck in the world
Haha
ah
Electricity fixes everywhere
I like trains
Well, there's ya problem!
Idiot
no sand
LOL
in the desert
No sand?
LOL
oh, right...
DESERT
yes, yes you should've
dumbass
Shoulda Bought a Squirrel
Whoopie!
XD
Shoulda bought a squirrel
You think?
Random caterers!
Motha' mercy
LOL
YES
it's not rocket science, you know.
TAKE IT
POTENTIAL
Land..
speed...
....
OH SHIT
OHHHH SHIT
Quick, rocket car! STEAL IT
dat rocket car
aah gordon freeman
they're not
oh god
CalTech
wasnt this in a road runner cartoon?
Ahahahha
:D
they are
GO WHOOPIE
STUT
Strut*
rofl
Lol
They aren't!! ... They are...
THEY ARE
This movie came out long before Half Life 2
Go Guinan
<--- Solo Seat
They totally are.
:D
just like GTA...stealing an 5.000.000 $ project xD
can't be faster than RD
failure.
Oh God
Mid August 2001
AHAHAHA
Shit.
Kandarihu: not that long
WHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
:D
How do you start it?
How do you start it
Inb4, runs out of gas
<-- LAWL
HAAAAHAHA
Needs to be 20% faster.
INB4 DED
ZOOOOOM!
FUCK YEA
FWOOOSH
THAT GUY
oops caps
THAT GUY
Rainbow Dash is faster than THAT.
100% rainbow dash approved
go on warp 7
SSHEEEEEEITTTTTT
sonic rainboom!
It's the Rainbow Dash car
<--- LAWL
HAHHAHAHAHA
Sonic Rainboooooom
xDDDDDDDDD
lol this girl is good
lol
wtf
what a douche
INB4 smote
What a douchebag
Karma
btw, this car did that http://www.glitterazi.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/thrust-ssc-e1348118176848.jpeg
AHAHAHAHA
Gods wrath
SMASH
Karma in 3
ded
that God's sign
In Hollywood, God ONLY works through signs and wonders.
2
:D
1
KARMA BITCH
LOL
BOOM
Yay!
xDDDDDDD
heh
YESSSSSSSS
Dat Fatburger
twixie_sprinkle, no.
lol
ooooh
Hah
HORY SHITTTTTTT
twixie_sprinkle: no
twixie_sprinkle: Movie wise...yes :p
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=WEuq8Zac3E8
YouTube: Magic Duel: Let's fighting love. By: DeusGear Views: 19034 Likes: 1030 Dislikes: 58 - https://youtu.be/WEuq8Zac3E8
<--- LOL
oooooooh!
win
Faster than a speeding bullet!
SHEIT
ooohhhhhh
twixie_sprinkle: only in places like that
oooh yeah
EspyLacopa, almost
THEY made it into the Wonderbolts
Ahahaha
>.>
what
That one is GOOD.
Jello Jaws
2 million dollars...
shake thet
HOME DEPOOOH
Bumpy ride. :D
HAHHAHAHAHAH
they ARE the wonderbolts
HAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
StinkomanFan: The car HAS the right colors
Dont Touch the Engines
Ladies u so crazy
Well, at least they made some good time there.
Rainbow Dash is 20% faster.
Of course they didn't notice the rocketcar. :D
<3 This movie... has...EVERYTHING
lol
LOL She thinks they are mental!
What??
wouldn't that car be really hot from all the friction
hippies.
LOL
<-- LAWL
No, crazy people.
Stream is on, and you Know that o_o
blended in perfectly
"Rainbow House" :D
Combustiblelemons: not hippies, insane people
ha
oh god XD
Macaroni? 8D
Macaroni night!
Rainbow Dash takes care of the crazy people.
"We came in a rocket car!"
^
ezio would be proud
Life Time Supply of Hummus, IM SOLD
that girl is smart.
Little kid nail'd it
HUMMUS!
Blazing_Beatz: me too
But you know, that mechanic was kind of running a monopoly. He was the sole resident of his market, so he can treat passersby who stop at his shop however he pleases, without any competition for his victims to go to.
HUUUUMUUUUS!
EspyLacopa: Of course you did, now into the bus.
extremely Jewish family
Go it alone
oh no
pita bread is nice too
<--- WHAT?!
What movie is this?
who here lives in Cornelius, NC?
looking for lifetime supply of hummus
Worst. Dad. Ever.
iNTERGEN12, Rat Race
iNTERGEN12: Rat Race
nazi mobile
Lolol
INB4 POISON
DAT FACE
drug your own family, yay!
drink it aaaaaaal up
<-- Dat face....
RAEP FACE
Asian Lucy
more lucies
Awww. Poor Gooding?
Looking at his son
HUMUUUUS! http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6m0hvNEGN1r356ip.gif
Kandarihu: That's still better than Philips having a cartel with LG, Samsung and whatnot to increase tv prices with 30% :S
plot twist, they're allergic to it
DAMN LUCIES
OWEN
lol black angry man
OWEN OWEN
lol
Owen
what movie is this?
Whooo's the greatest bus driver. . .
SHUT UP
Asian Lucy
:D
Ahahahaha
He..shut down...the lucy... HE IS GOD!
HE DOES NOT WORK FOR THE BUS COMPANY
nigga stole mah bus!
HES GONE CRAZY
...stop
where does he keep the key?
Stripper!
#DatAngryBlackGuy
stole my bike
Oh mai
Oh god
Lmao
WOAH
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
OH GOD
RUN
very Asian Lucy
RUN
So many awesome twists, so many awesome actors, so many awesome moments. situation soundtrack...<3
OH GOD GOD OHHHH GOD
DEATH
And he's gotta wifebeater...
bro you just bucked up
He ruined our whole racation!
Kill him.
He wuined our whole waycayshun
lol
OHHHHHHHH SHEEEEEEEEEEIT
he wuined our whole waycayshun!
RUN
HE RUIN ARR OUR RACATION
A wrath of 1000
chased through the desert by a horde of lucies isnt a way to go through life son
Asian Lucy
*A wratyh of 1000 Lucies
Those crazy rich people.
*wrath
that Nittany_Discord
<--- Dat betting
ew real horses
PONY
WHERE DOES HE KEEP THE KEY?
Dat Horse stealing
Doctor Whooves saves the day!
PONY: You don't wanna know.
He ate it.
Ew, stupid horses. Dumb fabric.
a steed!
Grab a horse!
Sp
Ded
<---
/me slaps Ryunosuke
where does that guy actually keep the key??
holy crap
<--- Oh....
shit
ooohhh now shit just got real
why didn't he put them all in the car first
Nittany_Discord: I was referring to the betting on which maid would hold onto the curtains the longest :)
Ahhahah
DAT MUSTANG
I know.
OH MAH GAWS
:D
Family Tetris
how did he explain that?
This one's little.
epic song
GURLS
You sexy thang
DIS MUSIC <3
mmm mustang
oh that part XD
Oh my...
Da Laaaadies
dat flirting
SEXY LADIES-SEXY MUSTANG
and then they both crashed, killing them all
love interest
<-- Perfect FIT!

and a bus full of children

That's why he can't talk
oh ho ho ho
TITIES!!
cowvarkian, one of these people flirting isn't driving a car, though.
OH GOD
oh mai
TITTIES
Kandarihu: true
...
This is ADORABLE
LOL
DAYUM
oh god
bewbs :
dem chains
:O
boobs
OH MAI GOD
DAT SIDE BEWB ACTION
I like that he reaches out to touch
O_O
boobs to die for
XD
what is this movie? o.O
<--- Dat distraction
aw creep
heh
:D
MONSTER TREUCKS
XD
movie is ratrace
MONSTA TRUCKS!!
aniderp|bestcakeever: Rat Race
hm
THIS SUNDAY!
hahahahahhahaha
OH MAI GOD MY DREAM!
Little does he know that she was distracting him. She was going for the money as well.
oh god
:P
no
MONSTER TRUCKS FUCK YEAH
DA BIG TRUCKS IS GONNA EAT THE LITTLE TRUCKS
yes Gandalf?
OH GOD
why is youtube vid titles now o nt he bottom?
thats not a title
oh god
Bad place to park the car
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
indeed
wasup
RUN
what movie is this?
RUN FUCKERS
dingding
Best movie is and always will be Battlefield Leverage
RUN
ping
aniderp, Rat Race
aniderp: Rat Race
aniderp: Rat Race (2001)
Very true
scary slowmooo
Ahahahaha
Clue was better IMO
Lol
AHAHA
what if the star wars crawl text happened first
OH GOD
XD
then it said star wars
HAAAAAAAHAHAA
"Wildfire"
Steal that monster truck
win
MONSTER TRUCKS FUCK YEAH
pure win
Parking Lot, WHAT parking lot?
I'M A MONSTA TRUCK I GO WHERE I WANT
YOU NOW OWN SPITFIRE!
Dat Bullet Train
rocket train
how did he got in?
bullet trains ftw
ZOOOOOOOOM
Rowan Time
And here comes a total Bean moment
Ahahha
kid is like "this is whats considered humor?"
it's a SPY !!!
Doctor: "I speak Baby"
Oh god
Mr. Bean's real good with kids.
oh no
don't mr.bean
also, this part will be creepy
You cannot contain the monster trucks. RAEG will always find a way.
you idiot
Dat key
0___0
DON'T GIVE IT TO THE BABY
he gonna swallow it
vanemare: Magic *snort snort*
HE ATE IT
He didn't swallow it.
he eated it
worse
lol
LOL
TOUCHING EET
LAWL
TOUCHING EET
...
wat
:O
mooooo
mooooooooooooooooooooo
>.>
Lawl Hot Air BaMOOO
FUCKING COW
Oh my that raciest!
COW
combustiblelemons: make sense
Oh. "I think I am touching it" was about the key, but it sounded like the baby... maybe his private parts.
GO FUCKERS
<-- So CLOSE!
mr bean reference vanemare
Kandarihu: YOU DON'T SAY
Monster Truck
Trollestia, sorry. TMI even without saying.
Ohai
RUN
TIME TO RUN
they all have trackers?
Kandarihu: Haha, sure. Tis okay.
Why would you get off the horse?
FINISH LINE RUUUN!
Hi ho silver
Then i would see the title After i left to get my snacks instead of Before? :D
Oh god that song
GOOOOOOOOOOOO
RUUUUUUUUUUN
combustiblelemons yes, the keys are also trackers
LAWL
I GOT FOKKING REROLLED?
oh snap
OH MY GOD WOOPIE
ding
Yep
WHOA WHOOPIE
R U HAVING A GIGGLE M8
ScootaChicken: i didnt
We should have bought a squirrel
Dat Whoopie
rainbow house!
CHOKE
Everyone got there?
GOOOOOOOOO
love whoopie goldberg XD
the train man was first
poor bean.
:D
Lol
I'LL BASH UR FOKKIN FACE IN BRUV SWEAR DOWN ON ME MUMS LIFE
HE MADE IT
THE KEYS!
"Pulled into the station"? More like thrown. :D
but he doesn't have the key D:
ScootaChicken_: good for you
SLOW MO
bean!
mr bean?
*cue Chariots of fire*
ROWAN IS GONNA WIN!
venemare: Let's just say he got it eventually. XD
ROWAN WON
ah, again, magic
HE IS GOING TO THE LOCKER WHEN SUDDENLY....
he's asleep....
oh no
SLEEP.
Sleep
ROWAN AW...
....
XD
NO
poor man
HE SLEEPING
XD
MR BEAN!
xD
FUCKING BEAN WAKE THE FUCK UP
wake up!
LAWL
Battle Royale
ಠ_ಠ
They got to have MONAAY!
Trololol
NOthing.
WUT
HAAAX
DEED I WEEEN
I TOOK THE MONEY WOOOOHOHOHOHO
STOLEN
<--- FFS GRISHAM
The Hooker! The Hooker! The Hooker has the money - That's a good song, right there :P
THE HOOKER TOOK IT
THE HOOKER
DAMMIT VIKKI
The hooker took it!
"Who bet on the Hooker?"
THAT HOOKER
Pepto Bismol?
GODDAMNIT
You don't say!
....
GET THE HOOKER
NAH REALLY
WHAT
LAWL
ALRIGHT
HAHAHAHAH
WHAT>!
THE BUTLER DID IT
The fricking BUTTLER did it!
What do you expect out of a hooker?
COW
cow
MOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
COW
its a cow !
SO LONG SUCKAH COWWWWWWW
HEAVENLY MOO!
dat cow
Sudden return of keyman
somehow karma
what goes around comes around
MOOOOOO
keyman ftw
520
It's like Reddit!
so we goin to watch "It's a mad mad mad mad mad mad mad world"
There's so much Karma
Karma
NO
Balloon wins!
shoot it down
SHOOT THE BALLOON
COW DRIVING
it'll run outta fuel right?
THAT COW FACE
Ohf.
AAAAAAH
THAT COW FACE...ahahaha
other Lear
Who is driving? COW IS DRIVING!
:D
that flying
wtf Pilot
worst pilor
someone
pilot
pilot is drunk
pilot, go home, you're drunk
HAHAHA
DAT BET
someone's drunk
xD
Berry's flying the plane?
WAT IS THIS
i can't stop laughing
I can.
Prince_Lightstar, Rat Race
GAWD BUS DRIVER SUCKS
God this movie...SO MUCH FUNNY
pinata!
AHAHAHA
....
SUDDENLY
oh dear
oh yeah!
OH LOL
#DatAngryBlackGuy is screwed
ಠ_ಠ
ಠ_ಠ ಠ_ಠ ಠ_ಠ ಠ_ಠ
SMASH MOUTH
IT'S SMASH MOUTH!!
It be smash mouth!
OH GOD
still money in the bag.... no one is grabbing
LOL
ಠ_ಠ
OH GOOOOOOOOD
LOL
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaay
Feed the Earth!
XD
:D
oops
ITS ITS ALL BEING DONATED
Smash mouth. Blech.
from the bus
Troll
i remember that scene
<---- LAWL ROWAN
HAHA
uh oh
FEED THE EARTH
HAHAHA
ITS BEING SHARED...TO CHARITY
HAHAHAHAHAHAA
Oh Mr. Bean.
And suddenly, they're at a charity concert.
GET THESE GUYS JACKETS
So the charity won
THIS MAWNING
THEY JUST MET THIS MORNING
THEY JUST MET THIS MOHNIN
THEY JUST MET THIS MONING
<-- OH SHIT
RICH GUYS WILL NOT LIKE DONATING
WOAHHHHHH
UH OH
mfw inb4 is a name here
You can't take it back now
THAT'S NO GOOD
You can't
LOL
Is ep6 not up yet?
LOL
Yeah
Oh...crap... XD
On Youtube
Oh great,,,,
FUCKING KIDS
aaaw creep
2 MILLION FOR FOOD!?
DAMNIT
dem feels
Dem feels
d'aaaww
Dat music
Guilt trip!
greyname: It is but its also being shown here right after this and another pony ep
HNNGGGHH- The Feels :S
ALL THOSE Feels
this guilt trip
Daaaaww!
Guilt trip
dammit, right in the feels
Stupid karma. I hate karma.
Bad motivational speech
not cool bro
shit.... he said gold bless
*god
AWWWW
Charity doesn't work under compulsion. It has to be done out of the goodness of one's heart. Otherwise, it's nothing but robbery.
STUUUPID KARMA. STUPID 12 DECIPLES
AWWWW
dem disciples
THE FEELS
FUCKING AWWWWW
lol Jewish guy face
KARMA BE A BITCH
But like, srsly
HUG !!!!!
<--- What about the rich guys?....
KARMA IS ONE HELL OF A BITCH
But this leads to good karma
I know I haven't been here that much lately
ScootaChicken: we get it, you're pissed, shut up
get fucked FlareChaser
Vordoxensaurus: they lose millions in bets
But since when was 'too crude' a rerollable offense?
NOW HERE COMES THE REAL FUNNY PART
cowvarkian: And all that money... :PÖ
now i remember
Cajun: Meh, as if one of them is named Earl
YOU HAVE GAINED KARMA
Bronysith: was
Lawl Cuba
It fits all the criteria for a B movie, and we've shown far worse in the past.
LOOK AT ALL OF THIS KARMA
boob wallet
god for some reason I forget all of the movies i watched as a kid
SO MUCH KAAARMA
it's like a memory block :S
Lawl Seth Green time
Don't be a Judas!
stinkomanfan now they are the bringers of the light
Boob lady!
Damn stupid peoples
WOMAN
<3
THAT GIRL
ScootaChicken, at least when Samurai Cop was picked.
OF
LOVE
love interestt!
nipple ring girl
OH HEY, IT'S YOU
ITS THAT GIRL
piercing woman likes Smash Mouth
<----- This...scene...<3
WITH THE NIPPLE PIERCINGS
deaf?
Gafdlskjsaklfmekalhfln
LAWL Seth XD
And then their piercings got intertwined
Kandarihu: When was that and what on Earth is Samurai Cop.
>implying feeding africans, >implying morality is quantitivly not qualititivly.
pony_9118 no she has a tongue piercing
just do it
I love Seth Green
COME ON SETH
Guilt!
:'(
GUILT SPEECH
;_;
emotional blackmail
(Ish)
DO IT SETH
ugly crying
he looks like from smosh
the feels :'(
sdalfjkjslkdfkjdisn
Why am I crying? D:
lsdkfjaidsfn
Think of Mother! It's for starving children, Doowayne :'(
HUEHFUSIEFHSF
ScootaChicken: Another B film that was rejected and rerolled for content
HEUHERFFERSON
beautiful speech :'(
GOOD MAN SETH
NOT COOL BRO NOT COOL
LET THE FEELS FLY!!!!
do it for mom
I dun like dis ending
YAAAAAAY
GOOD MAN SETH
seth green is best brony.
<--- OH OH
I HATE THIS ENDING, IT'S SO WROOOONG
PONY: All those audience people seem to love it.
Oh no, it's the evil John Cleese!
and then they took all the money and burnt it, because its worthless anyways
honestly, how much is he holding onto? some thousand dollars? compared to the 2 million its nothing
LOOK WHO SHOWED UP JUST IN TIME FOR COME-UPPANCE!
Vordoxensaurus: It's the fuzz!
KARMA
AHAHAHA
ScootaChicken, it was a movie that was picked and was later rejected when mods realized the amount of sheer sexual content in it. I believe it was replaced with an MST3K episode.
Donald Sinclair!
NOW FOR THE FUN PART
pony_4908: I see what thou has performed thar
FEEL THAT CLEESE!
Hi
BLOWING THEIR MONEY HAAAAHAHAA
win
The irony - it's delicious
gaaah!
OH NOES OOOOHOHOHOHOHO NOEEEESSSSSSSSSS
AHAHAHAH
LOL
YES
>:O
REVENGE
REVENGE BITCH
Dis film
AAAAAAAAAAAH
Dis fucking film
This is DELICIOUS!
Dat karma
Including the 2 mil?
FEED THE WHOLE WORLD
This song :D
Awesome film!
love this song!!!!
mute
10/10
flawless win
This song!!!
love this song
THIS SONG
SMASH MOUTH HELL YEAH
WOOOO
the 90s
<3
FEEL THAT RICH PEOPLE
cow/10
/me blinks in time to the music
eBEST ENDING EVER
You know what? This isn't right of him to do it to those guys. Just because they have all that money doesn't mean anyone has the right to tell them what to do with that money.
dat lipsynching
BEST. WEDDING. EVER.
m
john cleese
Cajun: I dont think 2 mil is gonna be much :)
dis song <3
T___________T
>implying africans want to feed africa.
john cleese is da man
this song reminds me of when gay prices were around a dollar
THEYRE BILLIONAIRES!! WHY DO THEY CARE ABOUT LOSING A COUPLE DOZEN MILLIONS?
gas. gas.
HEY NOW YOUR ROCKSTAR
9 Mil - 10 Mil - 12 - 16 MILLION O_O :'(
Wow. That got people donating.
of course... it would rise like that...
Feels like a bridge between 90's films and modern films. Mostly 'cause it is. :D
Monster truck/ car
Kandarihu: they don't actually have to do it
1000000/10
best ending :)
Yes
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw8722-fluttershy.png
I LOVE THIS MOVIE
fucking hell cuba
This is like a Brony charity! :D
And eneter add!
This=Epic
damn that ref's got moves!
This was great. Just pure, mindless fun.
Go Rowan go!
great movie
Newman/10
$2000000/10
BEAN DANCE
cowvarkian, they're being guilt-tripped into matching donations even though they never agreed to it.
I can't hear this song without thinking of Shrek
MR.BEAN/10
8/10 - though the ending is kinda cheesy
The family has forgiven the drug :D
Kandarihu: Seriously? You're trying to go moral highground on giving money to charity...in a film?
Kandarihu: fuck guilt
Go go Whoopie!
HItler Harmonica TIME!
HITLERS HARMONICA
DAT HARMONICA
go hitler's harmonica!
hitlers harmonica
Needs more Cow
So, Sinclair was punished with a huge tax write-off and good publicity?
Bjornfot: wouldn't it be rather 2000000/12?
whos streamin?
Needs more cowbell
<-- The real voice? :D
GOOOHOOLD
The_Browncoat: basicly
that looks fun
STAGE DIVES
dingsing
<--- Best thing in the movie for the actors :D
The_Browncoat: he probably lost most of his money
who is streaming
Hahah Rowan
MR. BEAN EVERYONE
In the original Mad Mad Mad Mad World they lost ALL the money and got arrested.
WOOHOOOOOOO
Combustiblelemons: hes a billionaire
Haha :D
OH GOD
Be glad these dips actually earned not getting arrested.
boobs getting touched thar
SUP
That much be so much fun!
well I am going outside into the cold cold world
see you bronies later
cowvarkian: did you see how fast that money was going up?
wHAT ABOUT THE GUY WITH THE BAD HEART?
WHAT UP Trollestia
Bye Aylnine
Cya
And the casino he owns means he'll get the money back in about a week too.
cya aylnine
Hey NYC_Brony
Cya Aylnine
Combustiblelemons: they don't have to match anything
Bye :)
have fun
Good film
/me stands up applauding
/me stands up and applauds
Hey Trollestia, when you postin your vid?
GOOD SHOW
BEST MOVIE CLAUSE Contender!
2 days later, the all realize that giving away the money was a horrible mistake, go back and demand their money back
Combustiblelemons: and anyways, its not like he won't get more money in a week
NYC_Brony: Never, just to troll you guys.
NYC_Brony: Its up already
JOLLY GOOD SHOW
they're sorta forced to or he gets ruined cowvarkian
enjoyable movie
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw8418-550903_190402337763806_333358478_n_1.jpg for lookin at the pic i put up
What aout the guy with the bad heart? A man is going to die now.
so.. this was it for me, it was an awesome night, thank you all, see ya next week :)
:P:P:P:P:P:P:P
IT IS?
publicly i mean
NYC_Brony: That's not the same guy who does the reactions
Haku1013: The heart beated
Thank you Prince_Lightstar
Shoo-shoo-bee-doo
He fixed the heart
Combustiblelemons:even if he does it, it wouldn't wipe him out
Hello, can anyone tell me what was chosen in the lottery for next weekend? I couldn't catch it today. :)
greyname: Don't spam smileys, please.
boooooo yeah yeah
pony_9118, and by that time, it's all been spent or funneled out of the country.
Lucis!
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw8496-1352571980728507.jpg
he'd have to liquidize his assets though cowvarkian
Bye all!
Just back in time. the music wasn't singing to me, so I went to do a few things in Dalaran, and am just back in time for pony.
Combustiblelemons: not all of them
cya trollestia
Combustiblelemons: not even near that
StarShimmer: Gladiator for A, and Mars Attacks! for B.
What movie now?
a lot of them though that he probably spent most his life working for
I meant the movie.
Vordexensaurus thats a bad thing. The heart has to be frozen for the rest of the trip. And it only beat because of the momentary electricity that ran through it. The heart of no longer fit to be in a person.
lindeman it's a pony ep now
It's up there
no more movie
Excellent! Thanks! :)
PONEH TAIM!
Haku1013: Overthinking it.^^
Wait a minute. Only 8 actresses were credited under the Lucies? They were superimposed over each other digitally!
yes it's PONEH TAIM
Combustiblelemons: he's a billionaire. implying multiple billions. so its not like he doesnt have money out the wazoo
OVERTHINKING IS THE BEST THINKING
In regards to the masterpiece of a B movie that I picked:
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw8296-1350242255632981.jpg
[23:30:58] Dari: Apparently it's basically a furry porno
[23:32:44] Neil: All the more reason to stream it, I thought Bronies were into that sort of thing.
billionaire = 1+ billion.
lawl ScootaChicken
so he could have like 1.4 billion
cowvarkian, the only multi-billionaires are the likes of Bill Gates.
and lose half of it in charity
a-ra-raaa
Lindeman: Oh, before you ask-- the rest of the week is, depending on who if anyone is streaming, there's no TELLING what shows up. Just one word of advice, do NOT demand or plead for pony. Bad thing happen. Very bad things.
Kandarihu: he's a fictional character, so blah
DO NOT ASK FOR PONIES
exactly
EVER
so why are we arguing XD
Combustiblelemons: you started it
ALL THE LUCY COSPLAYERS/10
Kencolt: What if we want bad things? >_>
no u.
Last night was full-on anime night when people asked for more ponies. :(
Bill Gates isn't even the richest guy in the world
^
desertman2: Don't piss of the other then
cowvarkian, but still. One can't raise billions and billions of dollars just by running a casino.
who is?
Well, this was fun....Rat Race is always an Enjoyable movie
Kandarihu The guys who were paying were some of the richest people in the world. They could lose a few dozen millions and still be good to go.
What were lotto results? Imissed them
Kencolt: Someone said it was no more movies and it was pony time so...
gabe newells a billionaire i think
"Hitler's" speech/10
desertman2: Then we all wind up finding very very hard tolove and tolerate you.
lucys/10
Kandarihu: its not like he wouldn't have more then one operation
Cypresswolf: Gladiator and Mars Attacks
Lindeman: It is pony time
Lindeman: A movie, Pony Ep, B Movie, Pony ep
Lindeman: after the re-stream of the newest ep, no more ponies until next weel
Time for some pony up in here!!!
*week
Kandarihu: Would you please for the love of God, stop being so damned selfrighteous
Lindeman: And for today, an extra shwing of the latest EP
Combustiblelemons: He personally is, or is that the value of ValvE (which he has access to)?
Lindeman: Yep hour of ponies coming up next. Putting Your Hoof Down and new ep
It's just a bloody film
thank you dabi
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw8050-you_just_went_full_brony.png
i'm not sure iwa
welp, thats it for Haku. See ya later
i think it's he personally is a billionare
<.<
but that sounds more likely
>.>
Self-righteous? People were openly complaining about this ending last night.
Prince_Lightstar: Story of our lives.
ONLY ACTORS WERE HARMED IN THE MAKING OF THIS FILM
Lindeman: Yes. That's the only really scheduled time. BMN and EBMN. Any other time? Obscure anime. Strange fits of Bollywood. You might stumble in someone deciding to run the entire STAND miniseries. There's no telling, no predictionj-- although with experience you can make a guess.
Prince_Lightstar, that sounds like the opposite of a problem
Combustiblelemons They just said he was one of the richest people on Earth
hey everypony :)
Hello
PONY!!!
Combustiblelemons: Aw well doesn't matter much, as long as he puts out games and is morally alright, he can run the Galaxy for what I care :D
hi
gabe newell?
sup
Hi
Kencolt: Tru dat
:3
woo ponies!
yay
Yayy, poneh time
and as long as we get hl3 huh iwa XD
Kencolt, experience says someone streaming videogames for hours on end
Pony time!
how are things Sketch_Toku_Brony
Oh no, this is the one where Angel is a total dickhead.
wow the colours are bright
Care to turn it up a bit...? :|
nope
#DatAngryBunny
dat fat mouse
Angel is a bitch
alexxm im good :)
bitch.
/me touches cowvarkian
Angel bitch episode
RABBIT SEASON!
oh i hate you so much Angel
God I hate angel some times
bitch.
I hate angel SO MUCH
Fluttershy should NOT take that kind of shit from a fucking rabbit.
Combustiblelemons: ...Let's first run the galaxy, then we can see whether he will ever release a third installment of any Valve title :)
RainbowAsh: That too. One consists mostly of tragic crashes and horrible loss of life.
Dat Song of the South reference
Ngh
buh
Vordoxensaurus: angel isnt even the biggest bitch in this ep
lol
ANGEL YOU GONNA DIE
Bitchslapped and FACEBOOKED
piece of nope
FORCE FEED THAT FUCKER, FLUTTERSHY!!
Who else saw that beautiful drawn comic about this scene?
i hate angel so much in this episode
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw7843-PP.png
Dis ep=Luvv
Angel is an abusive prick
get a damn funnel for that bitch
ugh, flutterfans...
MAH LITLE PONY!
Faithful is shnivel
> she just puts up with it
blank_flank which one?
FIENDDD
well it's been fun but I gotta bunker down for the night
*FRIEND
cya folks
Bye Sundaysmile
FORGET U ITS MAGIC http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw5510-Facebook.png
Sundaysmile: Cya
Bjornfot: has nothing to do with shy. the bunny is just an ahole in this episode
:[
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw5510-Facebook.png
Dat Lyrabon
vanemare: I don't remember it's title... Let me look it up
actually, so is the rest of ponyville...
Lyra nd Bon-Bon in the back
SHE WILL KILL YOU :[
/me gets touched
blank_flank you could just describe it... if it's ok with you...
GET AWAY
GET AAWAAAY
Is that a Flugelhorn I heard?
And then Bon Bon walks off with a stallion
That looks like.....a Prissey Rainbow Dash
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/rsz/mlfw4881_medium.jpg
And then she goes back to Lyra
The big has been doubled.
wait, where did you touch me > _ >
i mean, who cuts in in the queue or rises teh prices just like that? that's something you just don't do...
Blazing_Beatz, and she always dresses in style.
i'd flip a table and go hulk on those brats.
#DatIronWill
God, this reminds me when some random lady cut in front of me at the fish market...I glared, she just had a "umad" smile, bleh :(
ofra da luw wuv
Codec error
god i know a guy who looks like that.
SOCKS http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/rsz/mlfw7760_medium.jpg
boner.
<.<
>.>
#DatWimp
Rarity used Atract! Its super effective :D
I used to know a couple of pencilnecks who looked like that.
twixie_sprinkle, you could make the argument that they are Canadian.
dat vinyl
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw7764-ERMAGERD_BERTERFLUR.jpg
I can't wait until teleportation is invented. Then we can have #bronystateregular orgies every movie night.
twixie_sprinkle: "specific"?
ONE BIT! TWO BITS!
oh you Bjornfot
Mmm, vinyl
Vordoxensaurus:valley ponies
ONE BIT!
Vordoxensaurus: *
capitalism.
DUCK SEASON!!
TWO BITS!
love this scene
dat old school cartoon reference
Ahahaha
twixie_sprinkle: I'm SO eager to tell you WHO else in the world has "multi" country people...
win
Or at least matrix-like virtual realities.
mindfuck'd
Being assertive = being manipulative
7 BITS!
that'd be cool
Bjornfot: even better, a time machine teleporter, so we can have #lobby orgies
DERPY!!!
Good lesson to teach
Bjornfot: hell yea
lol dat cherry :D
wings are hands
wat
Oh no, not THIS dickhead asshole.
asshole -_-
oh my gosh, #lobby... ;_;
OH NO!
srly... what a dick
#DatFail....
I love to cover my ears at this part.
Vordoxensaurus: what does that even... forget it
Fluttershy....
They're called Valley Girls.
And it's an episode I seriously dislike...
/me hugs Bjornfot
BBL.
WHY is EVERYPONY such ASSHOLES towards FLUTERSHY!!!
its okay
He's like that desert mechanic... He even looks like him!
its all okay
"Four? For this gourd?"
Fluttershy!
Fail.
Eli: you want MY dick? ;)
o_e
Bjornfot: sure
This is why I hate Ponyville sometimes
#DatFail
twixie_sprinkle: Yeah, just saying. "Why" does USA have specific multi people when everyone else have 1? =P
Everyone is a asshole
*an
11 bits?
Aw just let him starve
dick move.
THE FUCK IS THAT SHIT
Eli: how would we know that
i know
20. This guy is a dick
Then he's not getting anything
but my ass belongs to him
what a dick
#DatDoorMat
poor fluttershy.
Seriously, what the fuck is with people in this show sometimes?!!
TATS RACIST
Buy it from her for 3
DICK HEAD
SpadeKyurem[R]: Sentient creatures acting in a capitalistic environment...it's always the same :(
What about your dick?
if she didn't say that...
blank_flank matter of fact i did, and I love it
capitalism is evil.
He wouldn't have noticed if she didn't say nothing...
I hate that bunny
ANGEL YOU GONNA DIE
http://static4.fjcdn.com/comments/oh+and+BTW+the+fluttershy+doormat+is+up+to+7+700.wow+_58ddf771b75592cc8c4a4b6c8c26eccf.jpg
Make a rabbit stew next...
Seriously, why is everyone a jackass in this episode?
Can't I borrow them?
Combustiblelemons: politics gets out
What's the scouter say about Angel's rudeness?
MLP: Genderspent Smurfs sans the Socialism
indeed
ITS OVER NINE THOUSAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAND!
I would have made that bunny some stew later that night
YokusaHHart: Because of Merriweather
/me Crushes scouter
National Act like a Jackass day?
unleash the capitalistic ranting!
Bjornfot: don't you have your own?
This can Not be appropriate convo...
she needs to play tf2 to learn how to bargin
DinkyDoo: it says he's a douche
Bunny Stew :|
SpadeKyurem[R], not everypony. The mare who raised the price on the tomatoes wasn't doing so uncontrollably. The stallion who haggled with her over a single cherry was.
My ass belongs to me. :|
RaveBrony: it totally isnt
twixie_sprinkle: I do wonder. :P
we shall find the superior political structure!
Oh.
/me CRUSHES SCOUTER
Yeah, its kinda crazy lol.
DICKHEADS
This chat needs some shaping up.
CAN YOU SMELL WHAT THE ROCK IS COOKING
WHO the BUCK just threw Fluttershy to the back?
with clop
agreed
shit
DinkyDoo: Bon Bon and someone else
MadSurge: yep. same here. not giving my ass to anyone
J_E)Smith71: I have to agree with you there. She seems to like exaggerating everypony's personalities for the sake of comedy. Works in shows like Spongebob, but doesn't work well here in MLP:FiM.
I like this episode.
Wut
Where are the mods at today? x_x
https://www.e621.net/data/c5/21/c52160fd0add00c71e5e5c1210c30a83.jpg?1354958699
I want to meet the pyro pony who was in charge of the fireworks
You will not laugh! You wil not cry!
No!!! the chat is brokens for muted for me
Dinky Doo, she's so light, it could have been Brownian movment itself hah cx
sorry, but enough is enough. I've had it with those rude ponies in this rude town
Yeah. Like, seriously. I really don't get closed relationships.
AD
Bronysith: everytime I see e621 I expect porn
I hate ads.
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw3541-1331418472420.gif
Combustiblelemons, what Rarity told Fluttershy to do was right. But apparently the price gouger had an apparent monopoly on his single cherry as far as Fluttershy knew.
DinkyDoo: Heard of adblock?
DinkyDoo: Adblock+
cowvarkian: this one isn't
DinkyDoo that's why you should use Adblock Puls
Can I safley say Ponyville seems like a worse place ot live each episode?
DinkyDoo, there is no need for this teary despair
DinkyDoo: Install Adblock Plus, bro. It's free.
MadSurge: I know
right.
I clicked it was just saying
SirGanjalf|Raptor: Stick around though the new ep is coming up next
anyway i'm off guys, thanks for another awesome stream :3
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw4560-50e2305f-ca40-4a72-8fc4-266f9fc970dd.jpg
Every episode seems to have some issue with ponyville
night :)
Its rediculace
see ya Combustiblelemons
wow 2 Colgates?
Bai Combustiblelemons
CombustibleLemons: Cya :D
goat
Combustiblelemons, thanks for coming. See ya later.
bye Combustiblelemons
My friend just called me a wimp cause I'm too scared to read Cupcakes...
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/rsz/mlfw3577_medium.jpg
bye Combustiblelemons
Go the away?
Show them the cock
Lel
xD
Or ask why the fuck their blocking your way
lol xD
:D
That's what I do IRL, go home and try again tomorrow :D
How about flying over the goat?
WHEN SOMEPONY TRIES TO BLOCK, SHOW THEM YOUR COCK!!
DinkyDoo: cupcakes isn't scary when you realize it's badly written
he would make a great batman voice
DinkyDoo: Cupcakes isn't scary, it just is excessively gory
HNNGG
CUTE
dat goat...
$_$
Iwa: THAT, is the reason I am afraid to read it. Because its gory.
Cupcakes is scary because of it's deconstructive nature.
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw5370-Ponystorm.png
Dat face
um....
And now the last pony in ponyville is a dick as well
dat face:3
He doesnt even have a cutie mark
PROFESSIONAL MY ASS
DinkyDoo: read the fanfiction riff of it
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw463_He_comes____to_party.gif who said tat
Hes a donkey I believe
blank flank :S
cupcakes is laaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaame
ffffffs
LA HA HA HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAME
dat voice
Mine froze for somereason for a second
weeping_pegasi82: What?
DAT BON BON VOICE
That's racist!
MOVE
Bon bon :3
she has wings...why don't you fly over?
thats bon bon?
MOVE YOU BITCH
i've never read cupcakes
it's not like she has wings...
In ah mehnuteh
BEEP BEPP MOTHER FUCKER
so the horse walks into the bar
Falcon kick!
FLUTTERSHY, SHOW THEM YOUR JUNK!!
She shouldn't "have" too
Server-Clearing Fluttershy: Kills: 3
this show has little consistency Eli
she has to be strong to do that
Line cutting?
LYRA
little to NONE AT ALL
Bitch
GO TO THE BACK OF THE LINE
Das Stare!!
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw6275-EvenPinkyWTFsYou.png
REWIND
That goes for all of you.
:[
Pinkamena voice there
berserk mode engaged
afterall, twilight forgets shes a unicorn all the time
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw6275-EvenPinkyWTFsYou.png
/me whine softly and goes to the back of the line /o_o\
A minotaur is a monster
NEW FLUTTERSHY! :[
Pink "Pun"ch
Taxi?
wat
uhmmm
Wrath of the Lich King?
NOOOO PONYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I Raugh at you:[
Taxi
Ok the punch thing was uncalled for
whut
so she dind't buy anything?
SirGanjalf|Raptor: *wrath
Flip 'em off!
Yu raugh yu ruusse
no pony....
you could have asked to share a cab....
SpadeKyurem[R]: Wrath of the Bitch Queen
What the hell even called for her to smash the punch bowl?
AND THEN FIGHTING IS MAGIC was born!
She flips em off with no fingers, impressive
i tought she was going to grow a finger there...
twixie_sprinkle: poor pun, sorry
Pinkie was laughing at her
TRUTH: Sometimes I feel like just kissing and cuddling Fluttershy. Not in a sexual manner, but I just love her so much.
"You Laugh at Me, I Wrath at Thee!"
FUS RO DAH!
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw3567-HpIyue1331456436.jpg
ROYAL CANTERLOT VOICE!
fus
SirGanjalf|Raptor: o ok, my bad :P
Royal Canterlot Voice?
and people forgot that luna isnt evil for that one ep
Flutterbitch is back....HIDE IN YOUR LOCKER :(
Fluttershy would get along great in Manehattan
Royal Canterlot Voice
YokusaHHart: kill yourself
:[
Continuity INCOMING!
HIDE FROM FLUTTERBITCH
xD
poor maildude
dat smack
Fluttercunt in action!!
WHY IS THE MAIL PONIES SO INCOMPETENT
Run!
heh heh penilize
Bronysith: :)
RUN!
Blazing_Beatz *Flutterrage :3
Derpy is the cute incompetent
Thou couldst make good use of the Royal Canterlot Voice, Fluttershy
That was fluttershy's own fault
I BLOW MY FUSEEEE
anger gave her superstrength
and how did he not see that tower
And then he was sent to Albuquerque
Awh... come on shy...
new fluttershy seems a bit schizo
i blew my fuse along time ago...
SUPER SAIYAN!
She's taking this way too far
and now for absolute bitch mode
*Albuckuerque
GOOONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
DinkyDoo: You mean Super Shyan!?
Assertiveness training: :( --> :[
I really do like this part of the episode, though.
what about gently used fluttershy
or that rainbow dash is supposed to be loyal
but she ate the cake first
when flutter shy is on her unhappy time
DO EVERYTHING RAMERIEZ
nobody is true to their allignment in this
iron will did a better job than discord
Rarity caught her
Oh snap
CONSISTENCY
TEHRE IS NONE
NO. Not pinkie!
Do da pinkie dance!!
OH SNAAAAAP
NO!
ITS ON NOW BITCH
hnnnng, right in the feels
But parties are fun! :O
even in the same episode
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw3667-1331797496419.gif
who said there was?
So...wonder thinking that...Bubbles, always nice, sometimes TOO hardcore, and Fluttershy, supriseingly the same as Bubbles?
Flying "feather"?
http://0-media-cdn.foolz.us/ffuuka/board/sp/image/1339/99/1339991100794.jpg
they should be shunned
SHUNNED
HE'S A MINOTAAAUUUUUR
WAAAAHAHA
And now: ;( --> :[ --> :'(
THAT IS A MONSTER.
Minotaurs are monsters
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw7544-g13446419795069926.jpg
Heel Realization
Squee
"consuming your love has made me more powerful than celestia" 5 seconds later "trying to get power with love? that wont work"
I feel it deep within!
LAwl
Oh nooow you see it
DAT SONG
:( --> :[ --> :'(
Hulk Walk Song
Its jut beneath the skin!
/////)_=
Ramirez, inglehandedly turn your life and attitude around so you rise so high as a professional soldier that the US Congress has to pass a law reinstating the rank of general 5 stars!
Fear leads to anger
dumb bitch
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw7544-g13446419795069926.jpg perfect 4 this part
I must confess that I feel like a monster!
Desolation flutter.....
I, I Feel like a monster!!
come to think of it, the 3 emoticons capture her entire personality perfectly, shes always either crying, shy, or berserk
Colt_Ares: How do I do those last two?
We did?
Anger leads to suffering
This part is animated so fantastically.
Dr. Flutter and Mr. Shy
Angel is such a fluffly little fucker
Suffering leads to Hatred
They're variations on a frowny face.
:'( :[ And one more I forgot.
: ( is :(
:( was it?
DAT CAMERA PAN
Yup.
6_9
molestia got to rainbow dash, applejack, and twilight this episode
yeah
Dat camera Focus
shush. -.-
?
Pinkies4thWall: Dat Animation is magic
...
OOOH YOUR GONNA GET DA PAIN!@!!!
Pinkie: "He can see the humans too?"
DAHLING
goddamn it, no consitency
Damn straight, Vordoxensaurus
iron will is fun character
Rarity BTG music <3
Pinkies4thWall: You know who I am talking about?
*BG
I pity da fool who believes in 4th wall!
COLLECT. NOW
IRON WILL IS HERE TO COLLECT IRON WILL'S PAY!
i like ironwill
You know, Fluttershy is almost like Bubbles, just like as Rainbow Dash compared to Buttercup and Twilight comprared to Blossom.
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw800_1304180564355.jpg
Iron Will and Trixie both like the third person, I noticed.
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw800_1304180564355.jpg
IRon will wears basket!
SHOPPING.
dat manly basket:D
FULL DAY HALF DAY FULL DAY HALF DAY
Rabbit Season!
Duck Season!
HALF DAY AND IRON WILL SAYS SO!
objetion
objection!
:D
Lol~
Elmer season!
best scene of the whole episode
:P
Wut
LOL, even fluttershy's sneezes are cute
BOOM U BEEN BUGED BUNNY
Shhh! Be vewy vewy quiet! I'm hunting pownies...! :D
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw800_1304180564355.jpg
Pinkie tastes good?
No!
Efen herr schneezes are grasheful!
dat iron will movement xDDDDD
Pinkie tastes like cotten candy
Iron Will is going to... well... never mind.
Prince_Lightstar: stop spamming the same photo
No
Swish Swish
WAT?????
No. :(
nope
NO! :[
OOOOH YOUZR GONNA FEEL THE PAIN!!!
:(: No.
Pinkie Pie just Bugs Bunny'd in this show...TWICE!
Oh, the goat sfx was earlier used for Fluttershy herself.
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/rsz/mlfw496_medium.jpg
The REI Guarantee AHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA
like someone said yesterday: not satisfied, but uses learned assertiveness to say no
Oh my:P
is iron will a wrestler?
ROFL!!! Pinkie
@Kandarihu That's Pinke for ya.
Bwwawaaaaa
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw991__c978344_image_0.png
Abused by Fluttershy SO WELL. |D
any goats here who understood that?
No...means no....hmmmm thats a good one
twixie_sprinkle, just because his training worked doesn't mean she has to be happy about it... so his loss
Colt_Ares, you meant to ping VenHur for that, right?
No means No...and she means it...
He's not a monster!
...Bitches...
RainbowAsh: well imo fluttershy shouldve payed him at least something
Oh, maybe I did... oops.
Hi!
anyone seen the comic "unsatisfied"
GIve Angel stare and STFU
STARE!!
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/rsz/mlfw4912_medium.jpg rd has never been seen in this episode
It did work for her, but it took time.
THE STARE
Ah, the good old days when we still had letters to the Princess. :D
Someone shoot that fucking rabbit
:'(
DA STARE
So he deserved a few bits...
NOM NOM NOM
So are the letters just pointless now?
dat starte. also, so this is where she gets it
The new episode was BA
Repeat of new episode time
made me cry
The episodes are getting too awesome for letters. :D
No ones learning lessons in season 3
:$
Fr0stC0lt: Pinkie did
Well, that is the end of EMN
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw5253-tumblr_m5bit7iUoO1rs7yllo1_500.gif
And with that, I made up for yesterday and seen EVERYTHING.
twixie_sprinkle, sure, she did learn something from his training. But still, he put up that loophole, he has to deal with it, so it's totally fair.
Yay!
a
*applause*
Seriously...there has been no Letters to Celestia except for Pinkie
For restreaming the new ep
Well, it needs to buffer
:P
BUFFER!
Yes, the new episode
ARG PANIC!
Alright! Here we go!
Even when not streaming you plauge us!
I haven't seen last weeks either
pony_4908: what?
Good evening everypony, i have returned ^_^
pony_4908, ^
is it 1080pingas?
hey bronies! I wanna go camping!
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw3969-roflbot.jpg
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Giant Luna Sculpture
Did that bitch get fired finally?
It's about 10 minutes in
I say, may we be banned by Maroon 5 in the meantime?
hmm
DAT GIANT LUNA SCULPTURE
holy shit
gak gak gak
Fr0stC0lt, who?
No, no gak.
The previous show writer
well imma try to make it in time
So if I leave it to 15 or so, that should be enough time for it to finish buffering while it's playing through
WHO BROKED THE LAW
Fr0stC0lt: Whats wrong with her?
I'll do requests until then
gak
Hmm, what's the maximum resolution of Ustream?
Yep
480p = crap
Join #Vinyl_Scratch to request
hi
I dont get whats wrong with the previous episode writer
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zCSJwlYqwIU
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5rCgnyh4xjY batman bright day
There was a show writer that wrote some crappy episode scripts, like Spike learning to be a dragon
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xNsW4Sza4bs
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VzF4Mzm2Z-Y
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxDJHA_tOzo Box Art Battle
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GXgFJ85jJGM
Why is it, when uk makes a movie, it goes to hollywood?
Fr0stC0lt, I liked both of them
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0AHHOTDzWuM&feature=g-crec-lik
all the links!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Q9TYUr-Teo you know what it is
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBioLDaYqOg
pikachu
Woah
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDA9bB26Y_g
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdkBs0VCSX0
kinder death
YEs
i'm back
NONE PIECE, YES!!!
THIS IS NON EPIECE!
YES!
stupid java
dreamin
oh come ooooon
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPOD5f6wRw4
Okay. Muting for One Piece dub opening.
This was mine. :D
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rp_tfncbqLI&list=FLk1OMqZkGMaQL6KWBPNOGOA&index=6
we watched this 12 hours ago
Viking music ^_^
for lolz http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1X8E7hYG3iQ
Sam Adamns = crap beer
why would you suggest this
http://youtu.be/TAcKM90WPlM lyravator!
Er, wrong channel
NONE PIECE!
twixie_sprinkle: humour
You know, I like the opening to the 4Kids version more than the Funimation or the original japanese one.
dat boooooom xD
When the ponies cry http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0xXDlsoZIc
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4txVqr1eNwc
ow my ears
Vordoxensaurus: we watched this 12 hours ago
dat bass...
Japanese pirates?
twixie_sprinkle: So?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OIZ3POPwudQ Cupcakes dance: CLEAN version!
twixie_sprinkle: You watched pones with ponies with ponies the last 2 hours :P
0_o
goddamn barrels
Vordoxensaurus: so something new should suggested
Fr0stC0lt, you've never even heard of One Piece?
Wow, bad dubbing since Voltron
WHERE ARE YOU GOING, IT'S A BOAT
Frankenstein!
twixie_sprinkle: Well, you suggest then
It's at 13 minutes
lol
no cupcakes. regardless
One Peice?
Why does it have to be both too loud and too quiet at the same time?
Needs to get to 21
Fine..
BALLS
thats a golden rule
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aYAGB11YrSs
Fr0stC0lt: voice acting is not supposed to be good
u got balls kid...BALLS!
VenHur: why, because it's catchy? i admit it is. but i love the japanese more
xD
dem balls
M'kay..
Sorry..
Dat sound...
lol
Holy Celestia, what is this??
MY WEAK NESS
HOW DID OYU KNOW
lol
balls
Fr0stC0lt: it is a parody
xD
you idiot
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cakkDjbBKmg
Fr0stC0lt: IT'S ABRIDGED, IT'S SUPOSSED TO SOUND TERRIBLE :D
this is hilarious
WOw, thats some serious estrogen
OH THAT IS IT
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgOaT4xzdvo
uuh why does Luffy sound like Sean Connery? :D
the heck is this?
Fr0stC0lt: Aeyup
ded
Smac
Sketch_Toku_Brony Watch the rest of the series to find out.
run away
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDi15j97-UM
wat
Hello everypony, would anybody like some... POUND CAKE?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cakkDjbBKmg
Omg...my brain cells...are dying
WA
ur fucking 5 years old ladf
/me noms on BlazeAngel :3
Big bitch go boom?
So he can stretch any part of his body?
Facepalming at this. An abridged series supposed to be an affectionate parody, but... this is pretty meanspirited against the source material.
...So bad it's good?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4GEDpWUd8Ow
lol
only link shit once son
I been making internet parodies
thelonepony|BL2, would you like some pound cake?
StinkomanFan: eeeeyup
i had NO idea request were going on ; A:
"My father was a test tube and my mother was a rubber band!" :D
BlazeAngel: i'd like some pooooound cake~
BlazeAngel: yes :3
SPIDERMAN THEME
lul
what....the....fuck
Sketch_Toku_Brony: You do the math
SilentSword gets it
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bZkp7q19f0
Your welcome, everybody. :3
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNfMoM2ZoRI&feature=g-high-u
Poundcake?
lol
D:
Thats not the guile theme
;^;
Vordoxensaurus: lol
NFL intro music?
wtf
Buytoast: that was the very first time i spoke in the entire time i i have been online :I
Blaze, *Shows poundcake* Poundcake? :3
I love None Piece
Fr0stC0lt: nope, it's Spiderman's. and they played with us.
none piece episode 5 is purpleeyesWTFs best work ever
*smack smack*
My hoodie has floppy ears
BlazeAngel: Poundcake!! *OM NOM NOM*
The first one is VERY akward with it's sound, but the ones after that have better fixed sound
wow, ok, can't take anymore
Kandarihu: lol i see
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QH2-TGUlwu4
SuperBrony64, oi, you dere?
*smack smack smack*
he needs chapstick.
BlazeAngel: why does he get it? ;^; is it becuase you hate me ;~;?
thelonepony|BL2: Do you get it?
xD
:D
Got milk?
....
An RQ stream?
BlazeAngel: no ;^;
Am I the ONLY One that has tongue power to eat ALL my peanut Butter WITHOUT smacking forever after?
Yes I have milk
LOL
fap
wut XD
http://0-media-cdn.foolz.us/ffuuka/board/sp/image/1339/99/1339991100794.jpg
i like how DinkyDoo is just spamming links :V
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BNbOWK-mpf4
Got milk?
http://media.moddb.com/images/groups/1/5/4739/The_Joker_Has_A_Tasty_Face.gif
=.=
._.
semi lol
WHAT
oh god
wut?
NO
d
<--
what
OH GOD!
WUT?
huh?
FUCK
OMG
WHO DID THIS
NO
What?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uCpWqVN0EaU bab seed [living tombstone memix
WHAT
ok...dafuq
htrertetwrwtg
noooooooo
:D
someone requested this? Brilliant
OH GOD
WHO REQUESTED THIS?!
NO
BARBIE
WHO
WHY
Barbie museum? :P
JUST
NO
:D
Who requested this...?
NOOOO
remix
WHYYYYY
NO!GET IT OFF!
SOMEPONY HELP
You notice, I watched the movie AFTER seein this parody, and I DIDN'T notice the lipsmacking. That's wierd.
plz no
thelonepony|BL2: Look up on youtube, "I'd like some poundcake dubstep 10 hours" That'l learn ya.
NO!
Yaaaaay!
HELP
NOT BARBIE! IT'S EVEN WORSE THAN NEWBORN CUTIES!!
PLEASE
KILL IT WITH FIRE
ahaha
KILL IT WITH FIRE
KILL IT
MY EYES!!!!!!!!!
MY EYES!!!
i'm gone
STAHP
but living tombstone is bad
golden glob?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eByUTKtCLkk
ANYTHING!ANYTHING BUT!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tikgFcHuVgw&list=PLbzGoY01ek7gIX0f9TkW5AGQwEiHQFwZm&index=16
Looks better than the other 2 vids
dude what the heck
MY EARS
stop this
Golden Gak Award
op, put on a pingas vid.
IT'S TOO...MUCH...PIIIIIIIINK!!!
I will hunt down who ever did this
get it off
Well, at least we aren't watching G3 Ponies....
Nicely done, whoever requested this :D
Barbie is a Mary-sue
inb4 Spongebob joke
BlazeAngel: ah, i know that <_<
SHE GOT HAX !!!
KILL WHO MADE THIS WITH FIRE!
WHY!
:|
rofl
so many people I don't know in here >.>
Dat Axe Kick
thelonepony|BL2: Now, pundcake? *Hands a slice*
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9K18CGEeiI
DinkyDoo: shut up if u dnt want it to happen
alexxm, alexxm did it....KILL HIM
Dear God. WHAT have I come into ?
They're pulling a Toy Story with all this actual-Barbie-jokiness. :|
DUN DUN DUN
OH GOD
Blazing_Beatz what
Well you fit in them
What's this madness
This... this is like ANTIFAUST.
I'm loving this new series :D :D :D
RAPE
should have a anti-shrinkerator
How is this sexy time gonna work
SOMEPONY HELP THIS IS MADNESS
is this a parody?
DO WAMBO !!!!
Dat Reference
this is---AHAHAHAHAAHAHAAAAA
EAT THOSE
KITTY
would someone kindly ping me once this is over?
DUN DUN DUUUUN!
EAT THEM
Okay, THAT was funny
LOOK AWAY
Oh god. I'm already confused after just 2 min and I'm not even drunk
LOOK AWAAAY!
Dinokitty
This is Jurassic Park :O
How convenent
Oh my gosh is this excellent |D
Got it, anaruski!
...still waiting for my brain to process this
is Barbie Anatomy in this world?
And the toy car... RUNS.
http://i.imgur.com/raNrE.jpg
SSSHLUP
:O:O:O:O
SAME JOKES AS Jurassic Park!
when is this going to end?
no dust
exterminate
this is too much PINK for my eyes...
im blind
So im going back.......to writing
wtf is that house
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dt6iTwVIiMM
Don't cut the yellow wire! :[
seriously, that is a LOT of pink
Oi, any mods here
Burp sound
=====D:O
:[KILL IT KILL IT!!!
Ironic since Jurassic Park was the A Movie tonight.
HE MAN
Fire. FIRE. FIRE IS NOT SUFFICIENT. GATHER THE LEMENTS OF HARMONY.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uCpWqVN0EaU bab seed [living tombstone remix]
HAHAH
HEMAN
He-Man?
Pinkie Pie would have a single tear falling off her cheek :D
HAH
HAAAAAAAAAAAAYAAAAAAAYAYAYA
He man?
heman seriously?
I HAVE PERMISSIOOOOON!
CELESTIA AS MY WITNESS....GET THE ELEMENTS
Is that Ken's He-man figure?
This truly is only for girls!
he man?
He-Man 8D
'Cause Mattel still owns the rights, right? :D
OH FU
OH GOD
Ded
VenHur: It's the same company that makes both of em
WUT
This is GLORIOUS
<-- WHY IS BARBIE FUN!?
No nononono
Barbie Shop of Horrors? :P
do wambo
She isn't ded.
BIGGERATOR YOURSELF SILLY
Goddammit internet
who is streaming?
This is so meta... uh, something.
I put it from Mini, to Wambo!
In the barbie factory.
XD
How about a multi-purpose gun?!
Wumbo
HUMAN SIZE
FUCK!
DUN DUN DUUUUN!
Raquel's a bawss
LOL
AAAAAA
Did you make that?
OH NO
GODZILLAAAAA
everything is bigger
And with that
shrinkarator barbie.Beg your parents to buy this shit!
...
Anaruski!
YAY ITS DONE!
LOL
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wi-lW2poE4 Back... and to the left
New ep time
0_o da hell...? nvm i dont even wanna know :D
what the fuck was that
<-- VERY interesting
CRAZEH BITCH
ITS OVER
YAY
THANK GOD
AHAHAHAHAHAH that was so excellent
ITS OVERRRRR!
this guy could have bigger
Attack of the Fifty Foot Bimbo.
O.o
but no
Attack of the 50-Foot Woman
thank god is over
What was that and why does it exist?
At least I got None Piece outta my system.
Well, that was... that was great
yay, its over...
WHO WROTE THAT CRA
was that original footage or a parody of some sort?
That was awesome
/me clapclapclaps :D
*CRAP
NOT ANOTHER ONE
Anaruski! It's over!
did anyone else survive?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bZkp7q19f0
That wasn't so bad
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0AHHOTDzWuM&feature=g-crec-lik
I muted and swapped tab
Another!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bZkp7q19f0
i know, thanks for the ping
Could not take that
I.....Im alive!
no reposts
Ping
I ALMOST DIED
requests are in a queque
aaaaaaa
yaaay
sleepy_pony i'm nearly dying here but i think i'm fine
Lindeman, the Barbie thing was better than you might expect.
/me *
NEW EP
Dash is a two-bit pony??
What is this? PONIES?! ON BRONYSTATE?!!! I don'y think so.
NEW EP
twixie_sprinkle: New ep's on!
Nice Moooooves
yay the new episode! :$
Kandarihu: indeed, the timing is great :D
just joined on the right time XD
WHO IS THE SMALL-BALLED IDIOT WHO REQUESTED THIS?
cow
Kandarihu: Not taking chance when watching on 37 inch monitor and family passing by all the time
thanks J_E_Smith71 :)
AAAAAAAAA!
BlazeAngel, it's more likely than you think.
05no srsly
MY LITTLE PONYYYY
05i loved this ep
GRAVITY DOES NOT WORK THAT WAY
My little pony
Lindeman, I see.
she got nice moooooooooooves
ded
Kandarihu, jah jah
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
you expect them to listen to someone telling them something sensible?
and suddenly Wrek
I heard nice boobs
SHOW ME YOUR MOVES
Kandarihu: MLP is difficult enought
O_o
Ohai Wrek
Wrek: Great newcoming writer
best ep yet
This episode was great
Enough*
This is so pastel as well.
What does ''Request are in a queque'' mean?
Wrek: Im not an RD or CMC fan, but this ep was Great : D
this ep got luna : 10/10 EP
end of line
y u no have HD stream o.o
FRIEEEEEND
No spoilers.
MadSurge: im thinking of a numbe 1-10
what is this?110p?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P9mwELXPGbA
Damn right
playin livi-.ng tombstone over this .
No spoliers
it means don't soam links or you mess everything up
spam
SPOILER: THEY ALL DIE
Wrek, can I have some assistance? Not being rude, but uh, can I have my +?
.-.
Nice moobs, kid
It's 720p
05inb4: becasue 1: your connection probably cant hadnle a HD stream and 2: we are a free stream site
Darnit Rainbow - You gave a Scootaloo a swell head
Airborne! *screams like an eagle*
Bronysith: 666. (Not even trying)
Even if this is a cartoon the fact she goes to a dead stop bothers me
How is that game played?
I can
SPOILER:luna comes in the ep
Longing for a family figure? SHE'S AN ORPHAN! I KNEW IT!!!
Awesomeness
funny i listen to babs s.-.eed song and watch cmc episode
Blaze: She might be an only child though
duuh
ZZZ: dude seriously?
ZZZ, :|
Oh.
Kura? o.o
She Loves Camping :D
Rarity loves camping.
I DESPISE CAMPING!
Does Scootaloo never understand her constant pesterng might annoy RD?
PS. Camping is terrible
Lol
SQUEE
leave nao ZZZ
:C
ZZZ: Bye.
awesome face
ZZZ: thanks man, now you ruin it for me :I
Ah spah a BlazeAngel 'round here...
05dat frown
OMG DOES EYES
that face
d'aww
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uCpWqVN0EaU its a good remix :S
DAT EYES
I has a twin! :O
RainbowAsh: Maybe... But most likely orphan!
repeats get denied
Dem eyes
AWWW
DashWithRainbows: *Dii
dis face....AWWWWWWWWW
Dem eyes,
SQUEE + EYES
DashWithRainbows: :3
lul
Why is Sweetie Belle so adorable?
=epic
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ToKIkw3LIoQ I'm not repeating, don't worry.
Dat :(
Kura do I know you?
I'm listening for Sweetie Belle's voicecracks.
Da fuck
O.o
0_o
and everything is played in the order its appears in dari's chat window
DAT CART
:O
Hahaha
jaysus
DashWithRainbows: *Disguises as engineer* Nuuuu... <_<
REALLY RARITY
so videos posted now will have to wait a while
slave
Light packing much?
dat scarf
GOD DAMN IT YOU POMPUS PRISS
At least she trusts wheels
Hmmm... Okay then!
lol
SpadeKyurem[R]: Um... this cartoon is mainly about magical-- I stress magical-- ponies of improbable colors who destroy enemies that are frequently sheer nightmare fuel with rainbows. AND GRAVITY BOTHERS YOU?
dafuq
Bronysith: Is it π?
NEVER TRUST WHEELS
/me noms on BlazeAngel :3
kurra : nope, maybe from equestriadaily
srry i done watched this this morning
Oh, Rarity <3
Kencolt: Well she went to a dead stop
DON'T TRUST WHEELS!
dat view
but didnt go in this chan for ages
shut up rarity
Gee, I wonder what Friendship is Witchcraft will do with an episode with Sweetiebot, "War Criminal" Applejack, and Veteran Rarity!
ZZZ, you were asking for it
c
"Are we there yet?"
i win
I dunno Kura. You look a lot like me.
GOD DAMN IT RARITY SHUT UP
dat guitar
/me goes for a backstab on DashWithRainbows, but trips
MINECRAFT!
lol i thought rarity was gonna Whiiinnee~ :D
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_98bHdVaAA&feature=g-high-lik
If her VA loses the ability to voicecrack, it means that all 3 of them are growing up and the characters REALLY need to grow up to match.
Y'all got a problem with Rarity?
dayum
Smooooooth sailing...
she's f*ed
real smooth
dat turkey gobble :D
You just got there, too, seeing as how you JUST made the campsite!!!
Your name is sooooo similar this is great, only Indians are named like me, and they are far.
Er, grow with their characters.
Yeah, child VA's sorta puts a timer on the characters. :|
I love Rarity's dress
Slave'y Belle
Kandarihu... don''t. Say it.
So she's a turkey instead of a chicken?
Rainbow Dash~ <3
TOO BAD i'm in france
Deforestation :[
:D
>raep
Kandarihu, indeed, and they will grow up, and it'll be a time of change and maybe sadness, but oh well.
best epicsoide
Gonna get laid!
must turn this off makin badseed song with other bab seed songs
because lyra is too mainstream
o_o
:O
jezz rarity
I can't think but Rarity has... odd ideas about what to wear when camping.
nop >_>
Dat lyra sitting style
cmon rarity...
Rarity, you So Epic!!! \o/
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aquJ_apRcwo
aw crap, I missed my Barbie request
God I hate you rarity
Tovler: YOU
You are such a prissy diva
scootaloo just need a mommy :(
SpadeKyurem[R]: shaddup shes awesome
lol?
why hate on rarity
Dash is sorta bossy.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7XDbzxpGJM
Generosity my ass
Why so much Rarity hate?? Damn! O_o
Applejack the Big Boss of Camping :D
we peaked at 2000 people earlier
/me backstabs DashWithRainbows
lolwut Kabaka XD
i was all like WOWSERS!
DAT CONTINUITY
LOL
More old ep callbacks
Kurra: Well, how would you call Rarity then?
BlazeAngel, I didn't mean to say they should become mares, soon. Just... you know, find their cutie marks and let that redefine their characterizations.
Im gonna find myself some nice ScootDash R34 tonight
Oooooh.... scary....
Dat impression
in a chat, just like this....
That quit message was priceless
nope
Until this episode I always assumed Scootaloo was RD's little sister.
Imagine this...Applebloom and Sweetie Belle right in front of you, and you said no...and then...those faces...THOSE INNOCENT FACES!
its 2spooky for scootaloo
SirGanjalf|Raptor, also bossy.
and it was...what is it? tuesday-tuuuesday!
That's one thing that makes this stand out. Continuity. It's got it.
Kandarihu, Okiedokie, false alarm. I have my eyes on you... *Pinkie Pie moment*
So much Rarity hate.
Little bitches
scootaloo has some good faces in this
ooh:3
:D
I never want to go camping
baww
Camping must be shit
inb4 luna
This season has a lot more continuity than usual
/me hands BlazeAngel a Batman-shaped apple.
It is
o_e
Why do people camp then?
SWAG
SpadeKyurem[R]: Camping is glorious
SpadeKyurem[R]: Nature... o_e
SpadeKyurem[R]: I liked it when I was younger. These days, ... I'd likely die.
>thundering stomp
Fuck nature
Sounds like Slender
SpadeKyurem[R]: To get more headshots
CRUSH! KILL! DESTROY! SWAG!
/me puts a straw in the apple Kandarihu handed him and drinks
GIMMIE 20 BITS
Anyone else thinking this background theme throughout the episode sounds like Toy Story? :O
:|DO NOT UNDERESTIMATE THE OLDEN PONY
GIMMIE 20 BITS
Tis but the wind, only this and nothing more
dat snore:D
dat face vectoy
Dat rainbowsnore
*vector
lul
ikr SirGanjalf
But I'm old. At least to everyone here.
O... M... G...
desertman2, I love continuity.
I actually found the forest creepy
NIGHTMARE MOOOON!
Blair Witch Pony
i think she had that same vecotr in the broken wing ep
The peoples must really know what the Bronies wanted, unlike Youtube...shame they never listened for old layout options...
these trees just want a hug
:3 *is picturing Scootaloo as Poe in the Raven
i do
blaze: Because boring
DOES NOT ACCEPT SNORING.SNORES:D
Because it would be too awesome for this earth
damn, slender has gotten old
This background is amazing
Y'know, at first, I thought the old hag was a villain...
Cypresswolf: Oh god, hahaha
luna with no pupils!
LUNA!!!!!!
Aaaaa etc etc
oh Hai Luna
nice background music too
Blaze: I guess I just kinda ignored that. Being obsessed with her older sister seems more pleasant than no family at all. At least none that we kno of.
luna
Luna <3
What is Luna doing here?
Woona!
LUNA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
*know
This supposed to be a Halloween episode.
Dream realm?
told ya
Maybe Luna has the horseshoe
Finally saw her
okay that's honestly scary o.o
: D
El tabadore...
horses dont sleep like that
oh there was luna, I totally missed her when I saw this the first time
6_9
Rainbow's messy mane
ZZZ: yes and youre lucky you didnt get banned for it
Maybe Luna has power over dreams or something
DEM EYES
0_o
god the eyes...
oh god! :O poor Scootaloo
0.0
o_O
THE EYES
O_o
CRAZY SCOOTS
ahhh... Luna... this season should make up for S2's lack of Luna
ekips: Well, the stream was a bit stuttery... as usual for a live stream.
I remember when I was like that as a kid.
:Olol
umm ...
Im gonna love that face :D
SirGanjalf, if this season hadn't premiered at the beginning of November, it would've worked as a Halloween episode.
*TWITCH*
JESUS RARITy
...:c
slave...
omg im sweating!
/me sweats
I wouldn't like to see her worst night then
those eyes are nightmare fuel...
lul
RD has a pink sleeping bag with a hearts pillow? Seems odd.
(O)(O)
YOU PACKED ALL THIS SHIT RARITY
at least she trust wheels
YOUR PROBLEM
Sweetie might even beat Flutterbitch's strength!
How would Rarity know?
Sweetie Belle's special talent is being stronger than most Earth Ponies.
rarity y u no use magics
(co)
RaveBrony: Irony
Kandarihu: I know, imho it's even more halloween-y than Luna's Eclipse
RaveBrony: duh. we all know she's just hiding her girly part
don't drive while being sleepy
Let the chicken go first
DONT SLEEP AND DRIVE
zzz
KNOW YOUR LIMITS, SCOOTS
lol
ZZZ: lol
I really adore the music in this episode
MR MAGOO!!!!!
Meh, yeah.
Is there going to be a Slenderman parody in this?
Dat engine sound
never drink and drive
THIS PART :D
lol
Scootaloo is like Bean's character in Rat Race
XD ho?!
DUI much?
>Sleep Driving
They see me rollen, they haten
SUDDEN BEAR
How*?! o_o
>Like a boss
eating meat is now canon
Spoiler, no slenderpony
EEZ A RACE!
harry
she got the fishie!!
you are sleepy... very sleepy...
So pegasi can flap their wings while sleeping
Wasn't that the first full grown aligator in the series untill now?
And now, one of the most amazing series of stunt riding while asleep ever. And I mean ever because it's never happened before.
Oi DashWithRainbows, assistance with +? Until flags are up, this is how it is. :l
now it just needs a falling girder
Why doesnt Scootaloo just admit she's afraid?
Iwa: Indeed
pfft
Dat Jump power
She jumps high :D
Iwa: Probably
Iwa: the first real one. We had ceiling mounted aligators in daring do
SpadeKyurem[R], because she doesn't want to lose the respect of RD
wow dat jump
JUMP GOOD
apparently she's also made of dark matter
excersize, yes
eyup
NullRadix: Gummy wants a word with you
Dat Super hindsleg strength
how embarrassing...
God god, its a owl
>_>
Gotta Stretch those hammies
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qsSE9qQZIFo
lol
SpadeKyrurem[R]: Want's to look good in front of R.D.
Im pretty sure Rainbowdash has been scared numerous times
More nervous than a worm in an apple on cider making day
fail
Scoots is jumpier than a rattlesnake in a pickle barrel.
:s
a cave cool
that ccaaave
Jumpier than a spring in a sonic level
of course....
And then they were eaten by a Grue
Hah
Jumpier than a italian plumber
not scary AT ALL
RUN
Cypresswolf: *Fail horn*
Cajun: Why would a rattle snake in a pickle barrel be jumpy?
Hello everypony. "Sleepless in Ponyville", I see
RD sucks are people skill and reading
>camping for 2 days
1
SpadeKyurem[R]: Case in point. Best young flier competition
2
3
run
even though their not in ponyville
...
Canadian_Brony: You saw correctly.
USE THE FORCE
RainbowAsh: I dunno.
Everyone is afraid some times
here branches
Jumpier than a kangaroo on a pogo stick
Faceground
Thats not gonna cost you cool points
Rattlesnake in a kumqat then.
SirGanjalf, that is pretty jumpy
Toenails are canon! :D
Scootaloo! Scoot-Scootaloo!
Leeeeeeeeeeroooooooy
Dat cry
Me, going to the toilet at night
should they really be sending out scootaloo at night into a forest with bears
timberwolfs haves toe nails
omg, branches
:) Me before turning off the lights to my bedroom as a kid :D
Oh my god... so cute.
What I'm like going up some stairs when the bottom is dark
DERP
lol
no shit
Lol
Jumpier than Trixie at a wheel factory
Leeroy NNNNNJEEEEENKINS
Yeah, no trees eh?
Good Guy Applejack
I wanna tell Scoots it's all right, the woods aren't scary :'3
Cypresswolf as a kid? I'm 19 and still doing this >.>
Dat laugh
SpadeKyurem[R]: Nah, a twilight factory
they all get bad weaves
Jumpier than a single building!
yeah
DAT POSE
horrible
I want to hear her terrified scream again X3
:D
Dat cuddling
G3 story
One more, last one I swear. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgA0WdtpFlg It's a two parter though
Called Sleepless in Ponyville. Doesn't take place anywhere near Ponyville.
And now she tells the story of Ponyville.
Record scratch!
She's telling a G3 story, that is scary
lol
How terrifying
G3 story
lol theyre like "dafuq is she doin'?" :D
She's narrating the showe!
oh god thats horryfying ;~;
THATS TWILIGHT'S STORY
It was a G3.5 story
Lawl
im shivering...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cv8fzGx6s_c Kbye
HADLESS WHORES?
ekips: I still sleep with a weapon - far more effective than a wooden bat would be :)
Thief!
Logic!! \o/
Not the Headless Horseless Horse:O
Applejack <3 I love you
And Wheels EVERYWHERE
http://i.imgur.com/6wPrI.jpg
tarnation
Aw c'mon AJ, play along!
AJ FTW
prepare to leave this planet
STOP DECONSTRUCTING THE STORY
Oh, headless shadow
The headless horse without a head wich does not have a.... horse...?
Butt brain
The Headless Horseless Headmann
AJ screen timeeeeeee
Headless Horsemanless Horse
Aj's Logic vs RD's Drama.
lol
I hate idiots who deconstruct the stories
It's as Applejack would already know the story
>rainbow is now bender
Rose`: Well...time to get out the flamethrower
big tent
AJ's a skeptic
Spirit of Crackle?
Didnt Twilight allready tell the horse story?
this is 2spooky 4me
The HUDLESS HORSE, it can't tell its airspeed, or altitude, or its compass heading....
Kencolt: Aj wins
/me sings along
Cypresswolf I have a wooden dagger that I got from a festival a few years ago by my bed^^
aw poor scoots
Applejack's just picking the whole story apart.
OH GOD
EPIC SONG INCOMMING!
THIS SCENE
AJ uses logic - it's not very effective
Sweetie Solo!
DAT SWEETIE SINGING
:D
Rainbow wasn't there
OH GOD
WOOT BEST SOMG
._.
where Are her parents
oh god Sweetie :D
Daniel Ingram's best work ;)
BERRY PUNCH THEME :d
Cutest earrape ever
lawl
Dat Scootaloo XD
buckets of oats....
HER SINGING IS HORRIBLE
god
/me claps
What happened to her singing?
Dat singing :D
Oasts oats oat
:D
Dat voice.
WHY IS SWEETIE SO ADORABLE
evening everypony!
plop
daniel ingram outdone himself with that song.
/me applads
Just when we learned that the CMC can sing one ep ago, they ruin it
She tried too hard
THAT moment was CREEPY GAH
Sweetie Belle isn't in her best voice tonight. Then again, this song...
<3 <3 <3
lol
baww
Her voice didn't crack at all during that.
moar
Me
:D Thank you for a wonderful performance Sweetie Belle
My ears, they bleed! but it was worth it
desertman2: Late night singing
Her and Scoots switched singing voiced
desertman2 less "Singing" and more "Yelling with a slight tune"
LOVE that part!!!
Dance contest
So damn cute :D
RainbowAsh: Nope that was Claire
HOLY INFLUX OF MESSAGES
DAYUM
Can someone explain how Sweetie Belle is so damn adorable?
Input Song Oats On The Wall
That moment when you want to do shit and everyone else is tired. WHY.
So I dug one thousand holes and cut a rug with orphan foals, now memories are blurred and their faces are obscurred, but I still know the words tot his song!
her adorablness is an enigma
SpadeKyurem[R] she has "Sweetie" in her name
Applejack = Can do everything.
SpadeKyurem[R]: I dont knowwww
damn ads...
AdblockPlus
Catalan_Brony download Adblock Plus
^
big tent
get Ad block
Ponies force scootaloo to insomia
SUDDENLY SLENDERMANE
thelonepony|BL2: That moment when you want to do shit but everyone else is tired. Just, why?
she needs it NOW
make sure you dont' have IE
SUDDENLY ZALGO
Suddenly, my internet goes haywire
I like her dream realm
you are said if you use IE
Because dripping water is soooo scary
Canadian_Brony: does'nt help on streams
Suddenly, ded.
quick find the 7 notes
:L
BlazeAngel: wut?
GIMMIE TWENTY DOLLARS
Kurra: Chinese water torture
Suddenly, 9.6:1 compression ratio
thelonepony|BL2: :P
Catalan_Brony: It does
THE FORBIDDEN FOREST!
Can't Sleep! Nag will eat me :(
<--- Did... you all see that?
NO WIFFIN IN THE CLUB!
GIMME 20 BITS
Luna!
luna
...8 notes not
Vordoxensaurus, what exactly?
Find the horsecrux, Scootaloo! Find the horsecrux!
7
thelonepony|BL2: What platform?
Luna vaporizes the Headless Horse, LOL!
RainbowAsh: She did a trotboom
Here comes the awesome
Catalan_Brony actually, it does. I'm using it right now. You never see an ad anywhere again. Pop-ups, YouTube ads, and stream ads. ALL GONE!!!
Prepare for Luna spam.........
Am I getting Luna has power over dreams?
LUNA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
LUNA
shes sleep talking
LUNA!!!
Pinkies4thWall: Xbox
Luna
Luna's going Chesire Cat on us
yay luna!
LUNA!
LUNA!!!
BlitzWing00, no spoiling
Lunai Lunai A
WUUUUUUUNNNNAAAAAAA!!!!!
inb4 thousands of Creepypastas about the Rusty Hoof and the Headless Horse..
Luna :3
alien weapons
luna!
Canadian_Brony: okay.... will try
thelonepony|BL2: my GT is my nick
ejfhsekjfhekjfhsjfe
SOMEONE GET ME A MOTHERFUCKING TABLE TO FLIP!!!
no spoilers http://goo.gl/sdALM
Luna has a strange voice in this episode
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw3920-icame.jpg
Luna, your Rarity is showing.
that music theme
Luna's normal voice?!
my job is to visit your dreams! O_O
SpadeKyurem[R]: lol she's the NICE Freddy Kreuger of Equestria :D
<3
DREAAAAAAAAAAM!
Luna Kreuger!
dat 4th wall
Sketch_Toku_Brony: Seems like a oxymoron
It feels so fanfic
i'm princess of the night...
lol
oh wow she can do that
luna confirmed for freedy krueger
The thought that ''I am asleep'
d3rb: I SEE WHAT YOU DID THERE
wut
Being a dream master - 30 more awesome points for Luna
Or ''you are asleep''
Luna is most wonderful dream companion. <3
inception
Usually wakes you up..
beat power ever
INCEPTION
:3
ikr Kurra
WE MUST GO DEEPER
I'm waiting for the Freddy vs. Luna fics
http://inception.davepedu.com/
best
Luna IS the ponified Sandman
Luna, Rainbow Dash, and Scootaloo all in one episode....SO MUCH PONY
to the mooooooooooon
So if you have Dreams about Luna, ponies are real
lol
luna is freddy krüger :3
Nooooooo
BANISHED!
Maybe this is how Nightmare Moon came about!
D:
SirGanjalf: mr lunaaaaa
ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON
luna
She sees all your dreams, even wet ones
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw8752-SweetieSmellsLikeChicken.png
You know which pony DOESNT have fears? Rainbow Da-*shot*
OR WAS IT
cool
DAMN YOU MARIO 2!
I hate you
Luna is like... gosh, without her, you know something is missing in this world, but you can't tell what, and it makes you incomprehensibly sad that it should be so... if I'm honest. :)
Glad they're fitting Luna into more episodes
mario 2 is fun
Eeyup.
:D
lol
Lindeman: Well, who do you think gives you them? Oh ho!
Damnit RD
xDDDDDDD
DAT SNORING
But it was all just a dream
lol
Hahaha
dat snoring
Lawl
:D
dat whinny
lol
dat RD snoring...
Slenderman now?
dat snore
Dat whinny, hahaha
That's attractive. :D
Please?
Iwa: OH SNAAHHP
Rainbow Dash is best plot dceevi
Ded?
R.I.P Scooter.
Dat snoring really does sounds like actual horse sounds.
tough night for scoots
D:
SCOOT
SCOOTER NP
NOOOO
Scooter, noooo!!
just wait till you see slenderpony
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
2nd time she lost her scooter
DinkyDoo: The scooter died like, 3 times in this episode. XD
And then shew drowned
The end
fly scoots fly.
the end
NO
MASH X TO SWIM
lol
music
rip scootalook
Rainbow Dash!!!! <3
NO! Scootaloo is nothing without her scooter! She's just Aloo!
she*
:P
Thx bro
Press X to RAINBOW DASH
NOOOOOO!
I know
Hero music
lol
NOT THE FEELS!
Mare-Do-Well music?
The Feels
MUFASA
luna
daww poor Scootaloo
the moon
Yay for luna
SO MANY FEELS!
Mufasa?
Bronysith: I'm not otakon. We just happen to share the same letters :)
The feels...they are coming
why can't I hold all these feels
Just your friendly neighborhood Rainbow Dash
this part ;.;
Thanks, Mufasa.
inb4 EVERYONE gasp
INCOMING FEELS
NOOOO SO MANY FEELS
remember who you are...you are my son and the one true king!
*Inhale-COMMERCIAL BITCH*
I could ask you the same question, Dash
Pfft
Pffffffffffffffffft
Horsie noises :3
what?
pfffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
Press X to face your fears?
I like scootaloo but does anyone else find Scootaloo's constant attempts to impress RD annoying?
i'll kill you
we want that BGM
:O
/me all the cries
Here comes the dari hammer!!
;_;
dabi stop horsin around
run awaaay
wait . . . . . -_(\
;_;
GAH! My heart!
daww so much feels
Here comes
Wing
dat wing
Oh God.....Here comes the- HNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGG FEELS!!!
D'aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaw
There are no breaks, on the Feels Train
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16-V0XnYEZQ
Pfffffffffffffffffffffffffffffft
>raep
Wing'
MAJOR PFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFT
otp
hugs for everypony!
*wakes up* WELL FUCK THIS WAS A WASTE
snuggles under wings= soooo much <3
Daw
yaaaaaaay scoot is adopted
d'aww
All da feels <3
My heart!!
dashie hug scootaloo yay /)^3^(\
/me dies from a heartattack
rainbow waterfall
dat feels
d'aaaaaaaaw
Moldy Carrot
now i can imagine RD as a big sister
oh its on!
Dat Rarity
RAINBOWS
scootaloo and rainbow dash cuddles
SCOOT AND DASHIE ARE ADOPTED SISTERS.....HNNNNNNNGGGGG
yay
call 911, we've got heart attacke everywhere
It is so on! ;)
Scootaloo FLYING?!?!?!?
http://dashie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw5808-9701.gif
lol dat giggly Rarity :D gets me everytime
COP OUT
Scoot's wings sound like mosquito wings
How did RD even notice Scootaloo was gone? Sleeping and with earplugs as she was.
FUCKING COP OUT
*dies*
The new rainbow factory.
MY HEART! AGAIN!
/me Q_Q7
yay superscoot
lul
NOW THEYLL FUCK EACHOTHER!
YAAY!
Granny?
O-o
too much cuteness
I wishes Scoots becomed an adoftive sister for Rainbow Dash, but this episode is about as close to my expectations...
you fucking bronies
kick old granny's but!
Lawl
god dammit
Normal Pony
Scolipendra: shut up
Rusty: well dafq
Luna is watching you sleep. Always...
Luna!
hey what happened to the friendship letters?
Lunaaaaa
so yeah, luna's a dreamguardian now, how's that for awesome
oh hello Luna
SO MANY FEELS
RAINBOW DASH AND LUNA
luna
LUNAAAAAAAAA
Luna is best princess
wona
YAY
VenHur, same here :3
*claps*
LUNA
inb4 scootaloo x luna
daw
/me dies from the HNNNG FEELS
MAH LITTEL PONJEH!
10/10
That Luna Giggle didn't sound right.
Brony_ponies: Who need them? We have ponies
woo!
OVERNINETHOUSAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAND!/10
Why Luna was there?
giddy up already!
Thank you and have a nice day.
8/10
/me wipes his eyes ;;
Luna watches your dreams
Who knows :D
inb4 nothing, you're already too late
now celestia's sad cuz no letters
moustache pinkie!
Azuredragon: Dem wet ones?
thats right kids
/me wears this moustache
Quick....WHAT THE NUMBER FOR 9-1-1....
as long as you are a main character
now what do?
this was just "so much win/10" ep
/me dies again
silly Pinkie, Movember's come and gone
I guess the writers must of gaved up on the morals.
And remember. if you say this was a bad episode, Scoot-Scootaloo will have you hung
TAT WAS A SPOILER RD RACES SPITFIRE
Giggly Rarity/10 Luna
you will be visited and protected by the princess of the night
Blazing_Beatz, 2
moustache Pinkie is still my most anticipated moment this season
i'm a brony, but i am sick of the complainers and people who take something platonic and turn it into something sexual and wrong
324-3453-345
Some doesn't really cared for them anyway.
Of course!
Oh hey Pcull
VenHur, implied lessons :p
This is more win than having The Dude and the Jesus on pony
XD?
but not if you are just some random pony
I mustashe u a question
Dark_Horst, quite. Especially considering that her original role had her waging war against Celestia because her duties of ruling Equestria by night meant that her population slept through it all.
I kind of does though.
Oi Phase4
lol
Was I imagining hearing a Friendship is Witchcraft tune during Scootaloo's confession?
vid to low
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGRLRLz9xEI
dari it's just a little off
oh yeah
that game
/me loves this game
hwat makes this a good ep is that it's both a Scootaloo ep-- who needed one of her own- and a LUNA ep.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EKTw50Uf8M
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0AHHOTDzWuM&feature=g-crec-lik
RaveBrony: because they wanted to establish something without using a whole episode for it
:D
lol?
indeed^
wat
Kencolt, ikr
Did any of the characters in Diddy Kong racing have any differences in stats?
Ah
i'm gonna go get my N64 up now.
And remember. if you say this was a bad episode, Scoot-Scootaloo will have you hung
there ya go
Kencolt: TWo fan favourites
http://cdn.derpiboo.ru/media/BAhbBlsHOgZmSSJlMjAxMi8xMi8wOC8xN18xNF80MV83NTlfMTc2MjcxX19VTk9QVF9fc2Nvb3RhbG9vX3F1ZXN0aW9uYWJsZV9mb2FsY29uX2FydGlzdF9sYW1pYV9wb21mX3BlZG9iZWFyBjoGRVQ/176271__scootaloo_questionable_artist-lamia_spoiler-s03e06_imminent-rape_implied-foalcon_pomf_pedobear.png
I dont get the point of multiple characters if they all play the same
LOOK AT ME
may we watch something song related
:D
CUUUUUTE
What the name of the video?
yay for diddy kong
XD
Pinkies4thWall hen you know exactly what I'm going to do *evil smile*
Kencolt: and RD was in there <3
Bitchwhore?
I always pick the female characters over the male characters. That's why I always play as Tipsy in this game.
CriticKitten: Is anyone keepin' track of my heads batted in?
I LOVE this game and how they promote it.
dat monky
Bjornfot, eeenope
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cWEsUXgOZqk
lol wut
Kandarihu: Tiny rocks in the DS one
Only thing I watched Pcull was in was ProtonJon's Battle Toads race
Anyone remember Nintendo Insiders?
What is this boring... -_-
XD
RaveBrony: I actually like how they did it :) Didn't feel forced and makes Luna powerful
Canadian_Brony: Copied and pasted for integrity
Ikr??
:D
;)
Greyname: no it's not
waitaminute
I love this XD
I have NO problem at all with Luna being in the ep!
if luna visits us in our dreams
:D
then that wet dream i had of her...
oh shit
We should do Battletoads some time :3
Name of video?
oh shit
mario kart is waaay better than this
no
NO
The hay is this?
BESTIALITY NOOOOOOOOO
SpadeKyurem[R]: ah man i LOVE that vid :D we need to watch that
:D
Why didn't he choose Conker? :(
ok, bye....
Pinkies4thWall ehh, what copy-pasta?
Pinkies4thWall hen you know exactly what I'm going to do *evil smile*[17:35:48] <fr4nky> Kencolt: and RD was in the
Bronysith: you have wet dreams of ponies? that's oh shit alright...
fr4nky: can u drive planes in mk? no. this is waaay better
Guys, stop creating a Mario Kart/ Diddy Kong Racing flame war!
Alright, I'm going to bed. See ya
Nao staph eet.
:D
Bronysith: she went away before anything happened. Now you're on her black list.
what is this called
but this means it was real Eli
dammit
we all know ctr is better
lion king
Back It Up!
XD
na
What is this called? (Not the game)
Bronysith, are you a main characters??
LOL
*character
i guess so
Hello everyone.
gamax92: hello
LAWL
Well, i have to go
T'was a decoy
omfg so much lag.
in mario kart 7 you can Canadian_Brony
Wow this guy is pretty bad at a racing game :D
bye Pinkies4thWall
Bye, guys!
bye Pinkies4thWall
Bronysith: if she isn't real, it can't be real, even in dreams
^
Oi VenHur, what char is your fav in this? Mine is Conker.
fat monkey
who says she isnt real?
MadSurge: :P you have no idea how hard that game is
BlazeAngel: Diddy, Banjo and Conker.
O_o
gamax92: youre late
for what
VenHur: :3 I like Conker because I've actually played his game
fr4nky: i have mk7, but that't just a kite (or whatever it is). not a plane
Eli: well duh it's made by Rare
fr4nky wrong guy, or am I not in sync with what's happening
rare cant make racing games
MadSurge: if you ever come to switzerland, you gotta come over play a round :)
Next pony to say my name gets my social!
think the video is called "patty kong racing"
I'm thinking the first
What am i late for?
Canadian_Brony: sorry
Eli: I suck even more at racing games :D
s'alright
:3
BlazeAngel: Conker was actually a kid friendly game during its beta production before the project becomed what it is now.
fr4nky: Hey
MadSurge: it's fun tho
Pinkies4thwall: Wat?
Pinkies4thWall: wat is tat?
gamax92: the new episode :P
gamax92: for poneys
what game is this
It's 5
YES, YES, YESSSS!
diddy kong racing
i don't care, i already watched it
Eli: No doubt, it's Diddy and his friends :D
BlazeAngel: The beta was called Conker's Quest.
i think??
Actually, it's not.
maybe?
:D
But you win a cookie
Michael Bol-- ffffs XDDDD
/me gives Prince_Lightstar a cookie
Eli: weren't Banjo and Conker into this too?
RAGEQUIT
i get a cookie
LOL
MadSurge: ja
Okgtgkthxbainao
Name of the video?
xD
MadSurge: oh yep
think the video is called "patty kong racing"
fat tiger bitch XD
are requests closed?
yeees yoin
VenHur, try "Patty Kong"
MadSurge: me and my brothers always fought for Conker
VenHur: I know. Remember when they were actually making a sequal? *Sigh* It was like, he squandered his king money, got thrown in jail, escapes with a ball and chain, and continues into what we have no idea what woulda happened because it DOESNT EXIST. Damnit microsoft... buyin' mah companies...
Do the bananas do anything?
Spitfire: You're right.
MadSurge: i've played for years. i've never found out.
everything is michal fluton's fault
you know what show is really fucking good
home movies
Conforting :D
BlazeAngel: *sigh* RAREWARE, WHY U NO COME BACK TO NINTENDO?
:D
lol
VenHur: The sadness never ends.
XD
WAT
/me remember when Rare actually made games
hey gusy
wat
yes
WAT
Having a good evening?
remebers*
Rare disappeared just as Retro Studios appeared.
VenHur: Then we're going to turn the sequel into a Sabreman game but it went beyond a racing game but they didn't really have a plan so it was cancelled
Tovler: makes you wonder ...
:D
the 2nd level rockets only follw enemies on screen otherwise you have to aim for them by holding Z pressed
dat cap
is this recorded?
And... what did Micheal Bolton have to do with anything?
I'm surprised no one knows Jet Force Gumini or Perfect Dark...
not another one -.-
Eli: I see
No more?
yes it was
Good night everypony
twixie_sprinkle: No.
it's better to wait for 3d lvl rockets wher you get a pack of 10
Night
nighty night :D
n8
VenHur, I know of those games.
twixie_sprinkle: I don't think so.
XD?
lol
Night everypony, gonna hit the hay.
MORE
...:|
huh?
god i gotta play this game. now.
Eli: so who was the best character? :D
VenHur: What was your favorite chapter in CBFD? Mine was the war part. Saving private ryan, Medal Of Honour, AND exorcist references all in one level. Oh, and its an awesome level. Duel weild uzis and a cigar. Pimpin'. That was my adolescence. :3
wait what
Oh, good, it was just an intro
:O Lupan?!
k thx DinkyDoo ,i had to reload chat amd this place was dead so i was wondering
Lupin
MadSurge: technically they were the same... (i think) but Conker is best
SilentSword i reqiested this
lupin the third was a great series
thank you Vordoxensaurus
Eeyup. Lupin III
YAY, Lupin the Third!
Jigen
alexxm: <3
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpqxSBclqWs japanese ad
White Stripes & Lupin the 3rd? FUCK YEAH!
twixie_sprinkle: Sometimes people don't know what links to post, and the requests just die.
BlazeAngel: My favorite level is the t-rex one and the most regonizible of all.
?
Sumica: ur ship need more guns .-.
VenHur: *Cough* Does it involve feces?
DinkyDoo: yeah that happens rarely though, so i was surprised
Oh, I think he skipped over my request.
good song
BlazeAngel: ...Err...yeah?
Cypresswolf: i dont think its white stripes...is it?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5DjOL2we8ko
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2s4fjkbGcs&list=SP53F589A231CBDD6F
Sounds like Jack White to me
VenHur: The great mighty poop.
:P
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0AHHOTDzWuM&feature=g-crec-lik
Kandarihu: Yours is next I think
I didn't skip any requests
BlazeAngel: WHOOOOOOO!!
Oi, we are doing requests?
No verses with just basspedal, its not WS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wL49MHfSSrc
Once a few people start posting links (The #Vinyl_Scratch title goes red) Links usually start coming back.
#VinylScratch
#Vinyl_Scratch
:P
request page :D
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=ebtj3gDaE64
Cypresswolf: its by Wolfmother ^_^
bam!
Balls
and how would we request?
Yeah, request page
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gm2E24jSAfI
By posting the link in #Vinyl_Scratch
spypengen: Go to the Vinyl room and post a short YouTube video you'd like to see
I need to start listening to Wolfmother now
https://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1355013940153.jpg
What Dari said
https://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1355013940153.jpg
But I'm not going to get through all the requests
SilentSword: Damn right
I'm gunna go maybe get some sleep in a minute
hahah
Woo
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkM6TvFmg6k
not now lag
We doing requests right now?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1zbGFGQTq0
And it just stopped.
...
^
Tainted Doughnuts - Trigun/Cowboy Bepop AMV - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7kMBVp0M8IE
/me stares at weeping_pegasi82
lag
ding
I'd like some poundcake- Newgrounds http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--v8CbmjA5Q
/me glares at Prince_Lightstar
Stream died?
/me watches video not move...
Errm
Bronysith: now it's Luna' turn to get billed as a villain for no real reason?
it's... sort of back
it was comatose really bad
Exreme lagg
...
Huh
itz bak
lol
Ok then
I saw that
lol
Okay. This was my request
Now I have to check all my game cases...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46OVd8nBDRk
Mine's next
Guys, when requesting, it helps the streamer if you add info about the vid next to your link. Just a tip
pfft game cases
lol
lol wha?
YES ZELDA
zelda FTW
O_O;
skyward sword is best
Imagine my game cases were like that...
:D
lol
O______O;;;;;......
lol
NOT GORDON!
okaay
lol
:D
HE IS STILL THEER
lol
:o
mahboi: hello thar
MEGGA MAN :D
lol
wat
O_O
WAT
oh hey its that guy from Doomsday Arcade :D
O___O
o_____O
waaaaaaaaaaat
welp
ewe"
.-.
boobs
White power... ranger
well that just happened
kill my mother with your superpowers!!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLKtV_exjF4
:D that's not creepy
What the fuck?
woo someone requested japanese ads besides me :D
oh my freaking gosh
Kibaranger the perv of super sentai :D
He just becamed the freaking White Ranger?
RIPE OFFS
This is stuff that Power Rangers never used
wERE I to request anything, it would be this... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8er83h9Bbn8
WHAT DAFUQ?
how the hell do you hide that big of a sword in a jacket?
'Kay
Simon's cat http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0ffwDYo00Q
so many kids died after this
Lol why am I laughing at this?
WAT IS THIS MAGIC
Go Go Pervert Rangers!
How make request?
Flyyyy~
Me
why dont we have cool trasnmographiable toys?
rofl
LOL!
Team Fabulous 2. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dzMq5_thk4o
:D
looooooooooooool
lol
XD
https://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1354986512437.jpg
pervert
jojoyasmin: because its so stupid?
What in the blueberry FLUFF is this?? O_O
Now THATS a toy ad!
hahaha
HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
This is the show where Power Rangers got the Japanese footage from
In the original of Dairanger (this) the White Ranger was a preteen kid and something of a perv.
DED
Fuck you I do what I want
Lel
was a great idea kid
This is stuff they never used
lololol
No
lol
wow
Bornsaht
get super poers
What is this
STAHP
*powers
become an asshole
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0AHHOTDzWuM&feature=g-crec-lik
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d7ljjOTbLjg
NO MORE
NEXT
HOW maker requsteds!?!
YES
LOTR, and in place of a dark lord you would have a queen. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJ1jtwEi0fU
oh god no
better :3
=_(\
YES
wubs
WUBS
Wubs
tavi x vinyl
bakka
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xR61iou6OcI
*wub wub*
not fucking wub wub wub "music"
Okay. I would like to formally apologize for the pornographic nature of my request. The fact that it existed in there is no excuse for my lack of judgement.
WUBADUBMOTHERFUCKER!
and i come back to this
OUI
Bjornfot: too bad ^_^
WizawazazoogyaWUBWUB
TAT LIVING TOMBSTONE LOGO
Dontcha just love italian accents?
Kandarihu wat?
this is music people
wuuuuuubwubwubwubwubwuuuuuub
what is this
LIVING TOMBSTONE CUTIE MARK IS ON THE WASH CLOTH
weeping_pegasi82: lies
BlazeAngel: hear them everyday :D
this is BANGIN' TUNES
MadSurge: :3
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxHhBx1FtLQ freddiew, a video about a colorful horse
BRB
weeping_pegasi82: i hear nu music just random sounds
/me glomps twixie_sprinkle
oh look talking
some people...
weeping_pegasi82: like you listen to shitstep
fr4nky, that sounds like the definition of music :P
I love this cx
/me counterglomps MahBoi777 "MAH BOIII :3"
Hey everyone!
Kurra: man dis music is BOOPIN' :D
Quadrenaro: #Vinyl_Scratch but at this point he may not get to it
How many vids ya reckon they have quoed up?
gamax92: dude just respect someone elses
indeed to the high hills yo |3
how are you doing twixie_sprinkle? :3
Well I'm going after this video, Wrek's taking over after me
gamax92: choice in music
BlazeAngel: A bunch
does that mean cartoooooons? :D
:)
jcelios: lol
samurai jack?
I miss Shazookanime.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWtspkIntig&feature=g-all a very random tf2 gmod video
...
wat happened :|
Whoops
mfw I realize Ive been here for over 9 hours
Straight
Lindeman: thats it?
Go to bed Lindeman :p
out the "You're gonna go far kid" remix?
just set a flag on BlazeAngel already :p
+g +z??
Lindeman: It happens
Lindeman, only 9?
Lindeman: Story of our lives.
Not sure if I can set flags
Lindeman: Doesn't it suck not being a timelord? :P
MahBoi777: i been good, thanks, how are you? :P btw, is mahboi you?
Bronysith: hes voiced
Bino the elephant- includes and elephant, a scientist, and sausage cat http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mt1kWNImkxo
StinkomanFan: It as really just a short one to tide over while the new ep finished loading
because Art Department
twixie_sprinkle: no, he is not me
((BRB, chat broked))
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZpjyH-LkEAg Llamas with hats 2 - A buddy comedy featuring a pycho llama and a quetionably sane llama 1:19
Well I hope you guys enjoyed movie night and the new ep
We did
Bronysith: HOW ABOUT NAOOOOOOO?
/me noms on BlazeAngel + hat :3
another freddiew horse vid http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FnF2ROKtdMY
thanks for the stream dari ^_^
:P
dabi
BlazeAngel: i dont fucking hear you
OP meh
twixie_sprinkle: why did he say anything? o_o
nao
thx for stream dabi
Who pinged?
thelonepony|BL2: *Splits + into halfs and wears as socks*
wat u wnt
inb4 kick
MahBoi777: nah i was just wondering
u wnts to fking go
YEAH MAN
Very much Dari - Thanks for streaming - Thanks to all the mods for spending time to keep this site running :)
:D
what the hell
What just happened.
;.;
Alright, cya later guys
We want to se the featured video.
twixie_sprinkle: oh, well glad your day is going good:)
As of this session, I am honorbanning myself from making requests on #Vinyl_Scratch due to pornographic content in my previous request. Until this channel is opened up 30 times without me making any requests, my requests should be intententionally skipped. I'll e-mail you about that somewhere in there.
seeya dabi
byebye dari
Pfft
twixie_sprinkle: Sabotage promoter detected.
>_>
<_<
I can still kick him if he deops or kicks me
twixie_sprinkle: 1) that wouldnt work, 2) That would get me in a bunch more shit
:O
From outside the channel
I need to remember to make my second request the first one next time
i know it wouldnt work :P
YES
WREK
Hi Wrek.
wrek yay
hi Wrek
Ohai Wrek
FUCK YES WREK
A wrek sesh. :3
/me licks Wrek
welcome on stage Wrek
No telling now...
Wrek: thank god for Wrek
BlazeAngel: No one man should have all that powah
thanks MahBoi777 :)
Hmm... Well how is everyones day?
J_E_Smith71: Good point, I always forget to do that
XD
/me boops twixie_sprinkle's nose :3
Mine has been pretty good
AdamTheDuck: ^3^
twixie_sprinkle: http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-Cl5HesDebiA/T28vDhifTOI/AAAAAAAAAL4/Fw9qNY9osGs/s1600/im-watching-you-meme.gif
Yo Wrek, TerraFirma wants that commission done, just letting you know
:O
Is that MahBoi777, i see??
/me noms on twixie_sprinkle and AdamTheDuck :3
And a clasic song if any.
BlazeAngel: yessir
dat Wrek
thelonepony|BL2: i aint up to nothin >_>
/me licks thelonepony|BL2 :P
05why hello there
RaveBrony: indeed it is :D
/me hugs RaveBrony tightly
Hi Wrek :)
Wrek: http://pinkie.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw8418-550903_190402337763806_333358478_n_1.jpg
I ... used to be able to play this.
hi Wrek
MahBoi777: Hey there! Howve you been?
twixie_sprinkle: still, i'm watching you >_>
/me hugs MahBoi777
Prince_Lightstarr: what a suckup
05for starters tonight i have some work i need to finish/work on before i do say cartoons or anything, so you'll have to bare with me
what's hte url to this
RaveBrony: I've been great! how have you been?^^
the*
BlazeAngel, too much work for one guy
The Boxer. I'm good with that, Wrek.
thelonepony|BL2: well, im watching you watch me
Bronysith: bitch plz im amzing
Wrek: I beleive everyone will be able to bare all that stress you have there. :s
MahBoi777: Pretty good, got alot of college work atm, but the semester is almost over :P
twixie_sprinkle: >_>
thelonepony|BL2: <_<
Kandarihu: Bronystate is actually like, over 150 people, I think. I'll count later.
link pls
good luck RaveBrony o.o
if that's okay with you
BlazeAngel, I don't think there are that many people on the staff.
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: GalaCon Announces Michael Pan!
MahBoi777: Thanks :)
so confused
:)
Kandarihu: You haven't seen them all, but they ARE there.
Kandarihu: A lot just work in the background.
brb
/me starts to read a book
lol
Kandarihu: in vinyl scratch did you refer to that vid with the weird vid icon at the end?
lol
BOOKS
Dem Terms of Service
ikr
yay
OMG STUFF HAPPENS ON SCREEN!
?
what is that
:O
a rock
what song is this?
A ROCK?!
satrcraft map editor, i presume
oh yea, Wrek is a 3d designer person
looks like a map editor for a game
It's a Starcraft 2 mapmaker!
it looks like a rock to me
is wrek malin a game
What is going on?
makin
also this is a famous song.
Beep boop son, beep boop.
:O
PetePuma: rocks
oh
WHO KILLED THE MUSIC
anyway, laters all
no music?
starcraft 2 map editor FTW
I can hear the music
ok, I was just going to follow chat... but SC2 editor? must wach
well im gonna play happy wheels later
Sorry guys, I have to depart for a while, I have school and other various things to do. I will see you all in about 8 hours. YOU ALL BETTER STAY HERE AND WAIT.
seeya Blank_Flank
.-.
err
by BlazeAngel
whats in 8 hours?
twixie_sprinkle, it was the Box Art Battle. And at the end, there was a "Previous Video" button with some rather risque and intentional trippy stuff on it. I should've remembered it was there. I only saw it for the first time today.
O.O
Makes me want to get out my copy of Age of Empires 2 and play it
Graywolf71 my AoE2 copy is broken :/
oh god i just remember me doing 3d maps 10 years ago for several C&C games...god these days i miss em
But... I am off for now. I have dailies to do an food to try to eat. Laters.
/me waves.
I gotta go
If I knew anything about making mods, I'd make some pony ones for it
Kandarihu: yeah i dont think you should worry about that too much, it was an accident and im sure almost any video on youtube is fine, and dari has streamed weirder stuff :P
hey Wrek. what's the name of the song running?
ohai Eli
hey twixie_sprinkle is that you?
Eli: Highway man
Eli: yeah :D
twixie_sprinkle: i see you finally joined the ranks of the shiplovers
Eli: nah, it was just trixie week after last ep :P
twixie_sprinkle: which was awesome
you mean super fanservice episode?
Eli, what country are you from?
Eli: yeah, the ep and trixie were awshum ^^
twixie_sprinkle: yep they were
Sooooo....
Lindeman: i'm swiss
Lindeman: why do you ask?
Eli: Oh, I knew a guy that is called Eli, wonbderd if it was him
Lindeman: :) not such a common name, i'm afraid
uncommon*
Eli: Only person Ive heard with that name so far :P
What's he making?
i know at least 3 others
looks like a starcraft 2 map to me
ahh
I'm not seeing a post. What are watching next friday?
we*
Well, Im going now
Gladiator, Mars Attacks
Cyall tomorrow
take it easy Lindeman
god damn it, 3 am. better get some sleep. good night
Thanks jcelios.
sure is quiet in here now
d3rb must be the smooth music
indeed, it is smooth
02:09 here... hmhm not sure what to do its weekend no work and i dont want to play games right now, probably im going to do some art but first i need food, so bb everyone :)
perfect music to write
i doin pony quizes i got aj and rd .-.
i need pump up music though, so mute :P
lool
Prince_Lightstarr: huh i got AJ and Pinkie
too bad that writing a story is not that entertaining for other people
its not really a spectator hobby
:P what is this?
Starcraft map editor I think.
Tori-dash, it seems like Starcraft 2 map editor
fun.......
am I the only one who thinks the mini map almost looks like a pony head?
graphics looks shit
and?
wipergone2: its the map editor, graphics don't need to look good at that point
Drew: and a fish head too :D
drew You've just got ponys on the brain. Yeah I see it too.
am not asking for more graphics
Pfft, graphics are so horrible therefore the gameplay has no say in how good the game is >_>
Drew: now that you mentioned it
lol
cannot unsee
AdamTheDuck! :$
AdamTheDuck, game...play....whats that?
mfw Tara Strong did voicework in Skylanders: Giants. SB, did you know about this? :|
aj rd aj .-. 3 quizes done
She did? omg
is gameplay about framerates?
AdamTheDuck: did you like the episode? :)
What game is this?
MadSurge, sure did despite the fact that it was 0200 in the morning ;~;
I think is C&C
d3rb: Well you need a good fps to play the game, but not so much
Zohrd: Voice of Flashwing, apparently, and some others.
it's starcraft 2, map editor
Cactus, Starcraft 2 map editor
Ah
ok, bad example, but you know what i meant :P
AdamTheDuck: awww :3 It's 2 AM here now :D
Okey dokey, thanks :)
Hm... nice...
Look as Wrek makes a Twilight map :D
/me licks MadSurge :P
AdamTheDuck: how do I taste? :D
Play dat soul musik
Like rainbows MadSurge :3
2:17 am, thank god that I don't have to get up early
Heya guys :)
hi MaxTheBrony
Ohai MaxTheBrony
ohai MaxTheBrony
whai maxthebrony
how've you been MaxTheBrony
:D quiz made me lol
hai*
it asked what i would like as a pet and i pick scootaloo and it show scootaloo in corner :D
Hi MaxTheBrony :)
there we go :3
http://www.bronyland.com/goodies/ScootalooLoveSmall.png the pic in the corner
now, i want to nom on someone :I
Heya SilentSword AdamTheDuck ekips , alexxm ive been good , you?
on me°!
/me noms on thelonepony ^_^
/me noms on SilentSword :3
hey bronies! My teacher assigned a field trip to see the hobbit in 3D!
i'm good MaxTheBrony
/me noms on Dark92Enigma- as well :3
Brony_ponies: and?
It's gonna be on the 20th
and?
best use of tax dollars ever, Brony_ponies
you guys wanna come?
Brony_ponies: Well, have a nice last day on earth then :P
sorry, not in the area atm :P
but if the world end who will make mlp? :(
ends*
Hey
Ohai AssaultWithEmbraces :)
hi AssaultWithEmbraces
/me hugs thelonepony and MahBoi777
Drew: ask the guys in the other dimensions :)
/me noms on AssaultWithEmbraces :3
:o
/me hugs AssaultWithEmbraces back :)
haha oh yeah, the world is supposed to end in a few days
somehow I'd forgotten
Drew: Or even better, the ponies themselves in one of the infinite ones
yeah, alledgedly
/me is nommled and pokes thelonepony and MahBoi777
I'll spend the last days figuring out how to do that!
Hey Wrek
:O AssaultWithEmbraces *glomp*
Which of those "theories" do you guys find the most reasonable? Planet X collision, Meteors, Flooding, Indigo Prophecy, nostradamus and the dancing horse?
i pick rock it putted "LOOK OUT, HERE COMES TOM"
05hm?
/me noms SilentSword
/me assaults AssaultWithEmbraces with embraces :3
x3
Wrek: Just saying hi :3
AdamTheDuck: i see what ya did there lol
XD
Iwa: allow me to laugh at all of those ... =P
Iwa, nonthing that concerns me in my lifetime
:3
/me is nommed by AssaultWithEmbraces and giggles
I don't get why people are so obsessed with the "end of the world" history is riddled with tons of these predictions ever since the world began :)
Iwa nuclear fallout
^
Tassadork/d3rb: Not saying any of them is true or factitious...just, which is the most "reasonable" ending :P
What game is this?
Okay, now the mini is really starting too look good :D
the only remotely realistic one is a big rock, that the astronomers haven't noticed. how anyone could possibly predict it
that I don't nkow
AssaultWithEmbraces: i think they said its the Starcraft 2 map editor
MadSurge!
bye flood do you mean flood like the impossible bible flood?
SilentSword: ooooh o3o
its like people want the world to end of something? they seem to so badly want to beleive it will for the craziest reasons
by**
GOD i got 100% applejack 50% rainbowdash 50% twilight 60% pinkiepie 50% fluttershy and 40% rarity .-.
привет
AssaultWithEmbraces: yeees :3
AssaultWithEmbraces! :3 Wasn't the episode adorable? :3
WHAT IS THIS MAGIC
Prince_Lightstarrr good good, let the AJ flow through you
эй броняши
d3rb: Day after Tomorrow style flood, I guess...I find that one the least plausible though :P
MadSurge: Yes it was~
jcelios: some people do! of course, they tend to believe in an afterlife so the the world isn't really 'ending'. still crazy though
http://www.bronyland.com/goodies/ScootalooLoveSmall.png still in the corner
meteor maybe...i guess. lota junk in space, odds are something will hit eventually
.-.
jcelios: Some people are so awware of them being mortal, they get anxious about not being able to stop them ending "prematurely", hence losing their minds over these things
I still think that nuclear fallout is one of the most possible ones
We'll just send nukes at the meteor :3
but what do I know about politics, wars and stuff like that
/me passes a jar around "Come on, everyone contribute a few bottlecaps so we can prepare for the nuclear fallout"
IT ENDS EVANGELION STYLE
EVERYONE TURNS TO TANG
AdamTheDuck, no my caps!
yum
I WORK AT ZE MUFFIN FACTORY.
And we all join together in a tang ocean
Because muffins are yummy.
the most likely meteor to hit earth will come in a few thousand years and will have a 1 in 500 chance of hitting earth
metaphor for ORGY
I don't wanna, AdamTheDuck. I have yet to make them into something fanceh.
i wanna be tang
Bronysith: Like the changeling ocean in Deep Space 9>
/me has never seen Evangelion so she doesn't get the references
http://www.bronyland.com/pony-personality-test/?q=NjMxNHw1NTUyNjA
Some terrorist group will overload every nuclear fallout in western civ
AssaultWithEmbraces: goddammit writers I want a character to hate :D who am I supposed to dislike now? Gilda?
spypengen: Wasn't there one they predicted would come very close to earth in February 2013?
nuclear reactor*
MadSurge: naw, Blue blood
MAH SCORE http://www.bronyland.com/pony-personality-test/?q=NjMxNHw1NTUyNjA
MadSurge: inb4 Gilda is redeemable too
or whatever name he has
i predict the sun will rise tomorrow, I AM A PROPHET!
yes but that one isn't really as close as the one planned to come in a few thousand years
I think they're doing that just for you, my dear MadSurge
thelonepony: :D I completely forgot about that prick
OMG THE MAP IS A PONY :D
and this is why i love Wrek
So has i Till now :D
OMG that's GENIUS!
you sir have got skillz
Blueblood is a spoiled little bitch
Wrek: u r 90% science approved
Holy Cow...it is a pony, I see it now
i forsee a light when you open your fridge
wtf u playin?
inb4 the pony head minimap is just accidental and Wrek will claim that he planned it from the beginning :P
lol
d3rb: ooh, western world predictions? oddly specific...it's scary
yup
True that
Hello?
d3rb what if I told you that the light in our fridge is broken :P
but i still hate chrysallis and gilda more
hi ElectricVelocity
and diamond tiara, silver spoon >.>
Hi i'm super bored.
What's going on?
stuff
/me lifts ElectricVelocity with magic
/me takes ElectricVelocity to bed
d3rb Oh my god, you are right, I will cleanse it immediately, yes, cleanse it with fire
AssaultWithEmbraces: writeeeers! *shakes fist*
aw crap i missed the lottery
d3rb: Oh no! tell me what to do, mighty prophet!
what was picked
That escalated quickly.
i need a cowboy hat :D
RainbowDerpy: i won with gladiator
on an unrelated note
RainbowDerpy: Movie A was Gladiator, and B was Mars Attacks
d3rb: Do I need to cleanse it with fresh blood of my brethren?
ElectricVelocity Wrek is designing a map for a game and the chat is . . . being the chat. I'm lurking atm, so I'm not sure what the hot topics of the moment are.
i learned how to open a wine bottle with a scalple and a tric hook
wat were the episodes
What game is this? :o
I forgot the episodes
I think Ponyville Confidential is one of them
thx ekips
Coey890 Starcraft 2 map editor
iwa you may need to perform an exorcism on your fridge
Oh right
Griffon the Brushoff is the other one
ekips: Ah. :)
Yeah
wat was the first
Griffon the Brush Off and Ponyville Confidential
oh
still watching SCII?
d3rb: Hmmm...should I put the holy water in the freezer before hand?
i am faster then everyone in my school .-.
good idea, you seem better suited to prophet than i iwa
So who won the lottery? It's not on the front page yet.
me
Congrazzles~
Wrek I really appreciate tonight's music :)
i won with gladiator
My boredom levels are at dangerous levels.
Pfft
are they over 9000?
/me takes ElectricVelocity to bed
No. They are over pie.
Pie.
God I love pie.
I want pie so bad.
Cake :3
go forth Iwa , sing the song of your people and freshness be with you
The pie is a fake.
NO
IT CAN'T BE
Hmmm, I think the stream crashed
I HAVE SPECIAL NEEDS
AssaultWithEmbraces: and someone won B with Mars Attacks :$
stream is down for me
Yes. It can be.
Because the cake is a lie.
d3rb: Now, if you don't mind, I will stop being a complete loon :)
well then http://i.imgur.com/s1q6w.jpg?1
