:D
00,10seems that way
fun fact, Aqua Teen Hunger Force uses these backdrops for when they are in the city
Clap clap clap
00,10eww
You're cat people, you will always land on your paws... feet... things
No, gimme a hand. Clap clap clap...lamest joke though
TOO
HASTY
WOMAN
00,10man she got to that conclusion fast
clearly
Sumica she's in cahoots
and they know it spelll book? guys... you suck!
Tyrann is too mainstream, we go Mega instead
00,10so........he can controll the past right?
everything here is Mega
or gnarly or excellent
00,10so he could you know control 5 min ago
oh....shit.
and possibly 'totally rad, man'
65 million actually give or take
Sumica: Man Dark ages was dinosaurs and shits, 12th hundred right?
That animation from the opening title
nah, they know aliens exsist.
Good morning everyone! :)
00,10sure why not
Hi Gary Owens
Hi, Colt_Brovakiin! :)
00,10who knew things in the past were bullet proof.
Sumica: She is in Cahoot...right?
00,10clearly
SHE IS A PROFFESSOR LISTEN TO HER!
*Reminds of Hollywood thinking*
Oh wait nevermind, SHOOT STUFF
nets always work
oh oh oh are they going to send in the army and navy now?
So...
|That Mayor attending to such busy things...
*mid
A vechile in a vehicle in a vehicle... WTF!?!?!?
00,10combat ejector seats
DED
pony_7480: Well he's the Past Master. He can pull anything from the past
TO be exact Aces 2, meh buck it
NAI CITEY HAAAUL!
I would summmon a whole bunch of kittens and start a knifing muhahahah!!
That WC Fields Mayor
A RETURN TO THE PAST
WHY DO YOU NOT GO BACK IN TIME THEN STUPID!?!?!?!?!
Vordox: Because he wants to bring the modern world into ruin I guess I dunno
Hey everypony
00,10it's not working we are doomed> it's suddnly working
J_E_Smith71: So he's a politician?
Sumica: Welcome to Clitché
00,10and now it's D war
So much death....
They are terrible drivers
Hi, Serenity. :)
he's a lich that's at least CR 11
Hello Serenity
WATCH, DI'S
OH SHIT
PLOT TWIST
Perfect shot
stop time... with a missle
00,10yay we sent the imortal guy in to the past........FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
perfect sense
XD
Cartoons, we dont have to explain crap
ive only seen one episode, but i feel this entire shows awnser to everything is "missles"
00,10dat potato quality
O.o
Road Rovers
Bwhahahahaha
road rover time
Sumica: Don't take the piss, that's at least toaster quality
Sumica: This isn't the one with the Russian names songs is it? That'd be perfect
I don't know if this made it to new Zealand
00,10that vhs hiss
00,10it is killing me
I forgot all about this show, havent seen it since, what 98?
wow this is the first episode i think
Sumica: We went back in the past!
Dog
"The kid's middle name is Sonofavitch, yeah the kid's middle name is Sonofavitch!"
Dat Jim Cummings
00,10betray nation over a dog.
'least I think its him
Is that Kane?
OH LAWL
00,10dats alot of c4
derrrrrrrrrrrrr
SpeccyRush|Drawing: It is
Bomb
'dat push door
SLOWEST COUNTER EVER
J_E_Smith71: ah good , glad I can still tell
LOL
Dohoo
Paraphrase
\o
/)_-
00,10that dog
00,10it looks like a g3 pony
it's ASoftFluffyThing|AFK!
Sumica: So you presume G3 ponies are dogs
IT BEGINS
/me realizes there was only 13 episodes
00,10dog god
one of the episodes got banned too
^
Eggzile, u hz bin chozun
DeadpoolDash: Yeah for the Russian name song
he's paladin? SAAAAAAHHH -WWWWWEEEET!
That light from out of nowhere
'dat Deity
no the one that made fun of princess diana, since it aired the same time she died
00,10ded
shag, the only dog thats actually realistic in this show
Dogs can read?
GUYS! It's PETA
DUN DUN DUUUUN
00,10for kids
lolololol
They should have just put a sign that says "Free Meth"
Then they wouldn't stray away
00,10and then the dog gassed the people
<-- for kids
who puts a dog in a straight jacket anyways
PETA
is that even possible?
You will be responsible for the resulting euthanasia...jeez they already have enough kids over there as it is
this show has a lot of innuendo
00,10instant steroides
arnold?
is that you?
dat narsicism
*Instant Sterotypes
00,10good thing it gives clothing too
...
oh boy , bet furries are having a feildday right here
00,10would have been a short ep
"I absolutely love the boots" Or did she say boobs? O_e
00,10why not both
she said boots, but whatever you fancy
00,10lolwut
'dat sarcasm
has abosible thumbs
doesnt help friend
lol
If they change the other 100 we're screwed
C&C 0: Dog soldier
O_o
Looks away from chat and sees boobs and boots
O_O;;
euthanasia (
Those good old Kids' WB bumperws
lolz
title drop
'dat back to the future
00,10da puns
this show makes it a point not to take it self serious, I mean it is the WB after all
00,10no one driveing train, horn still sounds
It's Dr. Robotnik with muscles
00,10trains comeing, look out window, see it leaving.
<-- Robotnik before he got fat
Dr Hulk Hogan
ded
Ice/Eyes to see you
Coulda just blackmailed to throw it off if he murdered him...
Problem?
00,10seems explosives are not that deadly
You left him with Clinton
Oh well better than being Bush's dog
yeah don't untie him or nothin'
And so they keep him in that straight jacket
get him out of the straight jacket already, seriously
They only brought him out of the straight jacket to beat the shit out of people'
I see why it only made 13 episodes
yay my pick
they never made toys, that is why it got cancelled
11,02Night all :)
g'night NewSpookyBronyU|Zzz
00,10Night NewSpookyBronyU|Zzz
Night, NewSpookyBronyU|Zzz :)
Goodnight NewSpookyBronyU|Zzz :)
Goodnight NewSpookyBronyU|Zzz
nite NewSpookyBronyU|Zzz samenamebro :)
'dat rockeh
brb guys going to go take a quick shower befor it hits 6 over here so yeah
Good morning Bronystate
Ooh! Bugs Bunny on Bronystate! :D
Good morning Gold_Demona :)
Favorite line in that whole cartoon
he done do did done it
Good morning Gold_Demona
I don't know how youse done it, but I KNOW YOUSE DONE IT!!!!!
Hello Gold_Demona! :$
I love Bugs. He's the best. :D
Oh god I'm receiving room info as a PM on my iPod client now.
why
So much violence
I remember when Cartoon Network used to show Looney Tunes on a regular basis.
DEMAAAAAAAAAA
Ain't it great?
Gold_Demona: To the point it got annoying :P
Gold_Demona: Now the only one shown is the New one
Serenity: Not to me. I love Looney Tunes. :<
So do I, but it was their main show, they would constantly show it
I wanted moar Johnny Bravo
I especially love the Chuck Jones and Friz Freleng ones. :3
ok gonna test the ping
mica
Oeeeh maee~
And with that, TF2 time
17 seconds
/me pokes Jmo
D:
=D
/me huggles Gold_Demona
Howsit Dema?
/me stabs Gold_Demona with a fruit basket
00,10Sorry hears somthing outside
Sumica: TRIPPY
Serenity: Wut? O.o
Caps
Yay!~
it's Ok I got to run a test
Heavy is best Billy Mays
Or is Billy Mays best Heavy?
Billy Mays is best Billy Mays :D
Get on the ball!
that did look like blood o_O
For only 19.99
four hundred thoasand dollars for kaboom
for 12 seconds...
Billy Mays speaks in royal canterlock
:O
mica link to that billy mays
NOWS
please
sssssh culture
WTF IS THAT HE'S PLAYING? O_O
NewSpookyBronyU|Zzz
Speaking of caps lock...
Well I'm heading off to sleep. See ya folks
Gold_Demona dance of the sugar plum fairies
mica what was that video with billy mays and heavies voice
Mutterguy: Not the song. The instrument
00,10take a wild guess
JRP2234: Heavy sells kaboom
That piano carrot
00,10and this is called a glassarmonica
Weeeeeeird
00,10it was said that it's haunting notes could cause insanity
Sumica: I can't see how :S
It's like a huge sideways stack of glasses.
00,10people that played them often went insane
Haunting ntoes cause insanity... .-.
Oh THIS
notes*
00,10turns out it was due to the lead in the glass leaching in to the skin
Ooh! I love this video! It's so trippy!
Oh didn't Shizu stream this a while back? I loved it.
00,10love me some animusic
the term "mad hatter" came from people who mad hats, or 'hatters' that went insane because of mecury the used to make the hat
/me licks pony_7480 .-.
wut
o.o
>.>
<("<)
er
that kirby didnt come out right
Is this CGI?
Looks like it
00,10so you all want to see that anime I spok of earlyer/
which one?
00,10baka no test
Only heard the song, there' was a show on it?
Sure Sumica
00,10or i could go back to nanoha or madoka
Oooo Madoka!
00,10was it 4 I left off on?
pony_7480, yer need a real name. By the Power of Science you are... Posey_Spoon!
:D
soooo, all these shows have little girlz in them
Equina Magi Fluttershy Magica!
00,10lets do 3 cause it's 3
Was that Lyra...with hands? :D
Yep
Eeyup
And beheaded Rarity :D
flashed by so quick :) wanted to make sure it was what I saw
Time for backstory!
Wait
This looks familiar
lol
Hmmmmm where've I seen this before? >_>
MadSurge it's like they humanized the orginal....
Mutterguy: :D
So we're back to episode 3?
00,10yep
Very well! :D
00,10figured best to start here
Sumica: and right after this, Bokurano :D
Hey guys i love to stay and watch the stream an all but i have to hit the hey myself so a see yall in the morning and a thanks for the stream sumica your great buddy.
Nighty Moopy!
bye Moops
~I'd rather have a bottle in fornt o'me than a fulll frontal labotomy...
wow i didn't realize how many guest stars Adventure Time has
So I trust everyone knows this anime by fame? :D
eenope
Not I
i'm anime iliterate for the most part
Gold_Demona: magical girl adventures! Yaaaaay~
I only know the name, but nothing else about it.
I typically dont watch these types of anime
This is based on a Clamp manga, isn't it?
Gold_Demona: enope
Odd, looks like it
although that blonde... Was Powerpuff girl Z Bubbles based on her?
Gold_Demona: maybe one of the character designers was
That cat thing sure looks like something out of a Clamp manga
Mutterguy: impossible, this anime came out last year
oh. well then.
Bat noises
She want's to find her cutie mark?
:D
I'M BACK MOTHER BUCKERS! AND I FOUND A HALF DECENT ANIME WHILE I WAS GONE!
Yo TheRandomkid321! Which one?
HERE WE Go
Hiyo TheRandomkid321
ssshhh we're watching a Humanized magical fillies show
MadSurge High SChool Of The Dead...
OSHIT
AND THEN
OOOOOShit
NOM
Daaaaang
Hot female? Guns? Candy? THERES NO PART OF THIS I DONT LIKE!
daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaang
AW SNAP
00,10not your happy sappy magic girl show any more
^
Well anyway. I'm not having the best time at school :\
Like a boss
hey guys
Hey alexxm
how are things MadSurge
Heya alexxm
how've you been Colt_Brovakiin
00,10so I must say i like the sound track on wipeout
good thanks alexxm, you?
And then happy end theme!
i'm good Colt_Brovakiin i drove home from my driving lesson today
00,10read the lyrics, not so happy
Good job alexxm! :3
ithis isn't fluffy at all :(
Sumica, may I post an average reaction to madoka episode 3?
it's very short
Sumica: what you talking about, broken flowers make me super duper happy!
Bitche need to understand when someone reveals their love for you you can deny it in a better way than saying "I'd rather run off and shoot myself in the head!" Dumb bitch can go rot in the darkness for all I care.
00,10if you wish
http://youtu.be/L1IkPl4RGhM
yeah that fits
I would push her into a pit full of Vashta Nirada without second thoughts.
Grief dealing! So much fun
Well silent chat...
/me licks TheRandomkid321
AdamTheDUck I'm in no mood.
/me kidnaps AdamTheDuck and TheRandomkid321
TheRandomkid321, :S
/me pats AdamTheDuck on the head, "It's okay."
/me licks Gold_Demona instead :S
/me gives AdamTheDuck an oversized lollipop
:D
We are in awe of this anime I guess
Possibly nit the form of blunt trauma but that only to get your attention :D
I'm trying to finish my latest Kerbal masterpiece. So I don't have much to say. :P
Interesting ears on that critter.
Is taht cat talking!?
World's cutest ear hair.
TheRandomkid321 from what i understand it's more a demon
TheRandomkid321: This is anime. Talking cats should not be surprising. Especially in Magical Girl anime
Gold_Demona: it's called Kyuubey btw
The only anime I like is anything with zombies.
My favorite anime is Cowboy Bebop and Black Lagoon
00,10that's not an anime that's soft core TheRandomkid321
Good grief, this series is angsty
Gold_Demona: you've seen nothing yet
this bgm almost sounds like Layton
SPEAKING OF LAYTON
How's that new game?
A friend of mine has the manga of this series. She's told me that this series gets really messed up later...
Professor Layton and the Miracle Mask is gorgeous in the 3ds
dem anime cutscenes in 3d
Gold_Demona: the manga is slightly (VERY slightly) different and there's a ton of spinoffs
HMMMM, magic or miracles you say?
MadSurge, Miracle Mask
oh wow. that's dark
00,10every one loves mustard gas
Well you can say mask of chaos since that's what it's called IN the game
totally not creepy
avgn's youtube background has ponys
what
avgn's youtube?
oh wow
james rolfe
You better be finished that piece soon Dema >.>
or else what, Mojay? :P
I will cry ;__;
Nuuuu dun cwy D:
Well you better finish it :3
http://fav.me/d5g0sfa there we go
you dont even know me
New character!
00,10Wrong chat lyra
It's working for me >_>
but im hungry
It won't load. ;_;
:<
Sumica this is kind of a mindfuck. that's good.
There we go
Mutterguy: oh it gets better
00,10yeah just wait
Very odd
MadSurge, you're late
00,10the mind fuckery of this blows eva out of the water
Sumica: also I don't hate the guts out of all the characters :D
Eva is more confusing than mindfuck
BAD TOUCH
00,10this is both
oh god
00,10also each opening is slightly diffrent from the last
modoka magica
Meguka
what episode are we on?
00,10to reflect the mood
00,10ep 5
So according to this, to become a magical girl, you make a pact with a cute demon?
5?
oh darn
00,10yeah you missed mami
i was hoping for the backstory episode of gun girl
that my favorite
Is there an extensive body count?
*thats
I'm back.
It's a bit of a bummer Phase4 never realeased that tekkit server. But I found a replacement one.
most badass desk of all time
/me licks TheRandomkid321 again :3
Mutterguy: see what Homura said about seeing people die.
TheRandomkid321, fun fact, i was waiting for you to show up again so i can give you the address XD
don
00,10dat Phase4
Phase4 You being legit here?
ohai Phase4 :D
00,10new server Phase4? or same i already know
/me huggles Phase4
Don't think I did. missing a lot of dialogue chatting actually
Sumica, same one
/me hugs Mutterguy AdamTheDuck Sumica and Gold_Demona
Mutterguy: she lost count
/me and TheRandomkid321
oooooo kay
Phase4 If you're being legit I was only away because I was playing on another server. I DNATED 80 DOLLARS TO IT FOR NOTHING! *TABLE FLIP*
XD
TheRandomkid321, .-.
80?
TheRandomkid321, my server isnt going to be reliable and may disapear at any time
Damn...
Phase4 Do you let just anyone go on it or only me and a few others?
i've given someone else the address
Gold_Demona: maybe you should clean up your cookies/temporary internet files
Phase4 Will it come back if it does dissapear?
maybe, maybe not
MadSurge: On BOTH computers?
i got admit i've bben spending a lot of time on the tekkify server
Ah okay.
either way i can send you the save if you want
Gold_Demona: I dunno then
Give me the adress to it then... Despite the fact that I once had it without your permission :$
East coast server?
that appiles to Gold_Demona and MadSurge. I know Phase4 has an east coast server so to speak
I live on the east coast :D
me too
Mutterguy, ?
or an east coast
i think its in la, so wherever that is
Phase4 Message it to me mate.
Phase4: LA as in Los Angeles? That's in California. That's west coast
TheRandomkid321, accidentally sent it to TheRainbowDawn, one sec
tab fail
00,10gg Phase4
Ave Maria
http://i.imgur.com/HJcER.gif
^
^^
i heard this was a magical girl version of kamen rider ryuki
Ohai alexxm
Hiyo alexxm
how've you been AdamTheDuck and Gold_Demona
alexxm, fine, just stuffed with loadsa homework >.>
Seems like every teacher is cramming last week tests before the exams >.>
<.<
Better fix eeet demaa
Good morning
Fix it how, Jmo? D:
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Nightmare Night 2012: Fanfiction Contest Winners and Entrants!
Yer, it'd be a shame if someone's heart was to break....
Have you tried resetting your connection? Restarting your router/modem? Your computer?
<_<
/me aims a rubber lead pipe at Jmo's heart
On BOTH computers
Who be streaming? O.O
Both?
o.O
I still don't know what type of PC to get for my new laptop. Something that can handle Day Z. Peferably desiged for gaming.
Strange
Ponies47: Sumi is
Jmo: I have two computers. A mac and a pc.
I use both
and a late greetings to you Ponies47
My internet connection is fine, otherwise I wouldn't be in chat and stream. Stream isn't lagging at all.
00,10ohhi Ponies47
Mmm beansauce cookies
/me Waves at Sumica "Hello. What's up?" :3
yay i didn't crash anyting
TheRandomkid321, Day Z \:3/
^ pro prgramming skills
AdamTheDuck Hey i'm a sucker for zahmbehz ^_^ and my current Macbook is LITERALLY falling apart.
so is that cat thingy good or evil?
I have no idea as I came in half way through the episode and the stream keeps buffering for me to see the action XD
to see any action*
AdamTheDuck I take it you play Day Z?
TheRandomkid321: keep watching, next episode should answer that
MadSurge it's evil isn't it? WHya re the cute things always evil?
TheRandomkid321, what fun would reading the Zombie Survival guide be without being able to see it in action? \:3/
And cute art :D
D'awwwwwww
Buffered just at the right time
You have a Steam account TheRandomkid321? :3
AdamTheDuck I know but... Doesn't taht game just activate every survival instinc in your body? I've heard it does that and makes you really paranoid if you play it for long periods of time. Especially when it's dark. But hell taht's why I want it so badly. And why I NEED a PC.
AdamTheDUck Yeah.
That cat thingy enver blinks does it?
TheRandomkid321: nope
Blinking is for the weak
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Nightly Roundup #484
that's not a cat. it's a just a thingy. I bet it's a witch
Don't have a staring contest with Kyuubei
Pffft. Blinking
https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-DlvhENDYV5M/UCV5oOAQzeI/AAAAAAAACPQ/-x_SpidypQA/s1600/TheStarecolored.png
AdamTheDuck: so intense :)
Apparently day Z will be released as a game. Not a free mod.
AdamTheDuck: Dat Fluttershy
TheRandomkid321, eeyup \:3/
AdamTheDuck But wouldn't taht make everyone with the mod want to buy the game?
TheRandomkid321, add meh, Adam The Duck on Steam
AdamTheDUck You add me. I have no intent to bother opening steam right now. it's TheRandomkid321.
TheRandomkid321, I guess, I mean that's how many of my favourite games start out, as simple humble mods.
00,10／人﻿ ◕ ‿‿ ◕ 人＼
^ \:3/
AdamTheDuck I hardly think of Day Z as a mod anymore. It's such a great mod and has caused such great things.
dat ddr
Dat DDR
00,10would you like to make a contract?
^
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Nightmare Night 2012: Fanfiction Contest Winners and Entrants!
OMG
Pocky!
I remember those
POCKEEEY!
Mmm candy
00,10they sell that at the local walmart
Ohh a peice of cany
*candy
SO AdamTheDuck. Is the Day Z world as massive as they say it is?
TheRandomkid321, it's ArmA, of course it's huge.
AdamTheDuck So withput a vehicle it takes ages to navigate? And with a vehicle you become a target for bandits?
TheRandomkid321, going on by foot is fun anyway :3
AdamTheDuck Until you die from hinger/thirst.
00,10is this dark and grim, yep
AdamTheDuck: if only humans weren't allowed to shoot each other :|
00,10but it gets more
Sumica: WalMart only sells the basic chocolate and strawberry... But it's better than no pocker at all I guess.
Sumica: sshhhh!!!
pocky*
TheRandomkid321, pfft, there's drinks and water bottles everywhere, and once you find a box of matches, an axe and a hunting knife, you can basically live off the land
AdamTheDuck: Mmm, squirrel.
Apparently there are tents in the game too. What do they even do for you? Sorry i'm asking all these questions :$
00,10beter yet, become zombie. Then live off those liveing off the land
Sumica: braaiiiiiinnssss
lol
Don't come to Florida then. You won't find any brains here.
Gold_Demona: ok :D
00,10reminds me of the wow zombie event
00,10I went full gunnut
TheRandomkid321, store items
but anyone can take the items
00,10camped out on a guard tower on my hunter with my wolfslayers rifle
AdamTheDuck: yeah, that's the thing! I know there would be lots of bandits and assassins, but as much as I know no other player can be trusted on that mod
Or do what they do in the Walking Dead. Safety zombeh \:3/
00,10tie a zombie up outside your tent as a guarddog?
Nah just cut a zombie's limbs and lower jaw and tie it to your back so you smell like the other zombies
Sumica before Lich king? that was FUN
00,10yeah
He went up and gone!
00,10till the greafing and exploiting that is
Hey everypony
Hey Serenity
Ohai Serenity
I have to admit I may have camped ratchet as a Zombie >.> but only once and for an hour.
Just got 2 new hats in TF2
Good Morning.
and my rocket launcher is finally Face Melting quality
:3
oh
Goodmorning Kencolt
anime <
ihappy
Hey Serenity and Kencolt!
Anyway, beans on toast time
Might do an egg with it too
Hey Kencolt
00,10ah this part
could anyone give me the name? :)
Yay Steam finshed downloading L4D2, now I have another game to waste my life with :P
And this show is?
Sumica: *fretting hands*
00,10this is madoka
Ooh, I'm coming back to Madoka Magica!
Kandarihu: yep
I recognize this instantly
00,10love the one with black hair
Homura
SURPRISE
so the crystals keep them alive?
00,10the crystal is them
Congratulation girls, you're all leeches!
00,10the body is just a shell
Liches
^
00,10so yes, he is evil. in a way
Clean and efficient~ :3
00,10／人﻿ ◕ ‿‿ ◕ 人＼ so would you like to make a contract now?
Cutest Asshole Ever.
SO IT IS EVIL!
In a way
did we ever find out what that spear lady wished for
p4ngya: yes
But he doesnt ean harm. He just doesnt understand humans.
Well, Kyuubey is evil. Not out of malice, but indifference.
And I repeat, IT GETS BETTER
00,10he's more brutaly logical
mica james rolfe has ponys on is youtube background
00,10so
JRP :D
i like eeeeeeeeeeee
00,10dont even know who it is
^^^^
Sumica 0_0
YOU dont know
Mica James Rofle? .-.
Sumica: the angry videogame nerd
00,10who/
:D
morning
Mornin' Squallken
00,10dont realy give much of a damn for internet personalitys
how've you been Squallken
Why do these girls have a sixten old rack and an eight year old face? It's kind of disturbing.
ok
happy halloween (or NightMare Night)
p4ngya, I think this is going to be the episode where we found out what Sakura Kyouko wished for.
Kencolt leave it to a 50 year old to point that out XD
Kencolt... Welcome to... Japan? .-.
00,10Clealy Kencolt has not checked out young girls
00,10this is infact comon to the point of being desterbing now a days
Sumica: I have checked out kore girls than you ever dreamed-- but even following anime almost from it's inception, this is a bit wierd in artstyle.
Sumica: its all the hormones in milk now adays, conpiracykeanu.jpg
Kencolt, they actually are about 16 years old, and the large-eye/small-mouth art style is meant to allow the eyes to be more emotionally expressive.
Eyes can display a lot of emotion
00,10both my nieces 12 and 8 have already developed.
8? .-.
00,10yes
girls develop earlier then boys
That thing is evil but a sort of good evil in my eyes. Not evil or cruel just... doesn't really understand... I'm wrong arn't I?
Lass in my old class was developed by 11 with a rather large set of breast
00,10evil by human terms yes
00,10hmmmm btw any one know the rule of 4 in japan?
Not normally to THAT extent. And what I'm saying is, the figures are more along the lines of Sailor Moon, or Evangelion, wher ethe faces more suggest Nanoha or Sakura. Kind of jarring.
Nope
Japan has their own set of rules? :$
00,10more of a stigma then a hard rule
00,10but the number 4 is bad
The characters were designed by the person behind Hidamari Sketch, which is why their heads are wider than they are tall.
i heard this anime had mind blowing weirdness to it, or is mind blowing weirdness and understatment?
Sumica: like how 13 is bad in most western countrys right
an*
00,10in a way yes
00,104 is death
Squallken: You have no idea
00,10where is 13 is bad luck
Squallken, I'd say Mind Blowing Weirdness pretty much sums it up, perhaps.
Oooooh yeah, and something with 7 iirc.
I think my teacher said 7 was sickness
It's been too long since I did Jap ;~;
Sumica: Death in the new Castlevania games always has 4444 HP :D
Some viewers had troube understanding the ending, but I was able to follow it.
00,10and yeah red's back story time
trouble
Kyouko
4 in Japanese is pronounced "Shi"
And "shi" in Japanese means death.
Sumica: isn't there also something about the number 9 also? in japan
00,10could be
SpeccyRush|Drawing, isn't it 7?
AdamTheDuck: and the spirits of death are called shinigami :D
00,10aces and 8's are also bad in western
Although, there's another pronounciation of 4: yon
7 is lucky in the west AdamTheDuck but i'm talking about 9 in the east
00,10she mad
Sumica: except the ace of spades because it's badass :D
ITS POISON!
APPLES ARE RUBBISH
00,10aces and 8's are the deadmans hand
SpeccyRush|Drawing, yeah, 7 in Japanese had 2 pronounciations though
TheRandomkid321, the apple was stolen, and Sayaka didn't want to eat stolen food.
The redhead is Applejack
Sumica: Ah, thye Dead Man's Hand. That's a poker term relatedto a specific historical event, not quite the same thing.
00,10yep
SpeccyRush|Drawing, so if it follows the same idea as 4, it has a negative meaning as well.
Kandarihu But I love thieves. Depending on their morals. Sometimes things considered wrong in society in my eyes are correct.
00,10creepy flashbakc animation
^
Loving this animation though
^
Ok, I canNOT be the only one unable to access this site. It just doesn't make any sense.
I'm back with an English Breakfast
AdamTheDuck: the number 9 in japan sounds similar to the word for pain or distress
No bacon though, bleh
Gold_Demona: maybe it's a zone problem
I'm done with my picture, but I can't post it! T^T
;_______;
I had to chisel into the tin, but didn't take 20 minutes
Gold_Demona: maybe you can ask someone to access your account and post it
Only ended up cutting my hand twice
MadSurge: Hell no.
MadSurge, :/ that's sound like a bad idea considering this is the internet.
that*
00,10so yeah her dad burned down the church and every one in it
Nothing against the friends I make on the internet, but I trust nobody with my personal account info
I know, but not even close friends?
Nobody
Not even my BFF in real life
Tbh yeah, me too
Only person I trust with that info is my husband.
00,10give it a few hours Gold_Demona
Gold_Demona: aww
And the same vice versa
You really are a model couple :3c
Well I gotta go to bed. Cya guys.
Bye TheRandomkid321!
Goodbye TheRandomkid321
Bye TheRandomkid321 :)
HAPPY NIGHTMARE NIGHT YOU SEXY BRONYS!!!!!!!!!! :D
bye TheRandomkid321
:)
00,10I'll take and apple, and eat it
Mmm apple
ill take an apple....AND EAT IT
Damn
hey there
I crunch angrily at you
That is some verocous eating
Why are you guys here
She almost crushed that apple with her bare hands, but not wanting to waste food, she ate it instead.
Sumica: I'm jealous. After I get my dentures, I won't be able to eat an apple like that.
00,10it's never explained why she is always eating
your supposed tobe trick or treating
Sumica: cus she faet
AdamTheDuck aww why?
I'm 15, not the age for that
Sumica: long starving children will eat a lot afterwards
00,10piff
00,10I was trick or treating till I was 22
Never too old eh Sumica?
Plus I live on the dangeroius side of town
00,10yup
Sumica YAAAAA
Sumics knows how to have fun
00,10time is candy
^
I'd still trick or treat, but I have nobody to trick or treat with. :<
:D
Besides
00,10altho now I just buy an extra bag for the house
Gold_Demona :(
You dont get cake in T&t!
"Oh by the way, you know that boy you gave your soul for? I wanna date him"
Why would I freeload, to NOT get cake!
The closest thing to it is I buy candy to hand out to trick or treaters. :P
00,10time for a soul crusher
Kids have to get the candy from somewhere
Gold_Demona scare them
lol
Anyone know the upper monster from Cry of Fear?
00,10they boy she gave up her soul and wish for might be taken away by another girl
That remind me.. have to pick up a bag of candy before this evening.
Put those around youe house, screaming their heads off
/me hugs Gold_Demona the potted plant :$
Well. I gotta run off to school. Later guys thanks for stream as always Mica
lol
00,10later
AdamTheDuck lol
Bye Ponies47
bye Ponies47
Have fun with your edumacation
bye
Mmm edumacation
Go do the learndings
/me Growls at AdamTheDuck
:$
Take care Ponies47 :)
:D
bye Ponies47
Silly japanese girl why you crying?
Well I better hit the hay
if she is eating ice cream.....ouch
More school tests tomorrow for me \:3/
oh wait, more school tests tomorrow :|
test
well anyway, goodnight. :)
/me licks AdamTheDuck
Good night ;)
00,10she's lost it
Now she sounds like Shizuka streaming L4D on Single Player
lol im not leaving
god damn :O
o_o
did it get higurashi in here
00,10yep
She's gone slasher movie
I'm scurred now
Hmm SpeccyRush|Drawing, it seems 9 is similar to "pain", can't find anything on 7 though which is strange as my Japanese teacher does speak fluent Japenese >.>
bye AdamTheDuck
00,10oh and what's this ep 8 next
Gold_Demona: wait to see what happens to her
00,10rule of 4
Gold_Demona Good,... good...
SpeccyRush|Drawing, this series isn't nearly as gruesome as Higurashi no Naku Koro ni
Sumica: episode 12 isn't that bad though
So....
What's this show called?
And the cutesy art never stops!
kewl!
And the short skirts and even shorter shorts dont stop
Kandarihu: I'd have a gif in response, but it falls under grimdark ._.
SpeccyRush|Drawing can i see it?
hows the anime Shiki?
meh
:P bye bye
00,10so which girl would be which pony hmmmmm?
HAPPY HALLOWEEN YOU SEXY BRONYS
Gah
My mum is hard work :L
Sumica: Madoka is Fluttershy, Homura is Twilight, redhead is AJ, Sayaka is RD, Mami is Rarity
:D
00,10so pinkie is kuybe?
Yo Phase4
EEEEEEEEEEE
Sumica: well he does have reality warping powers
Gold_Demona: Eek
Gold_Demona, nicely timed
Oh my god ._.
just got back to my chair
stalker
:D
Gold_Demona: I HATE YOU.
00,10makes a few bits even more creepy then
my..god
Kencolt: Awww why? :<
Gold_Demona: *standing ovation*
00,10buhahahaha
Gold_Demona: FOR THE SAKE OF THE RIGHTEOUS AND HOLY!
Ish Sailor Minmus :>
Phase4: Then that classes as spawnkill?
00,10chibi mun
XD
so many stalkers
Gotta cook some minestrone guys, enjoy this episode without me
I figured Chibi Moon worked for Minmus. :D
Hmm, not sure what to play
MadSurge, I don't think comparing Kyouko to Applejack fits. Maybe Pinkamena
I've got this wierd lump on the back of my neck. It's been there months.
00,10Homura cares alot for madoka
Flashbang
grenade?
00,10and then a hint at her power
Ah, the senstitive male.
Yeah, she just killed a couple of pimps
so in this anime Magic Girls become Witchs sooner or later?
its what i think is going on
00,10dead
Squallken, that will be explained at the end
ded
HOLY CRAP What i miss
00,10Houmra just gunned down the cat thing
Squallken, Homura filled Kyuubey full of holes
damn wth is going?
he'll walk it off that cat thing
Did... did he just eat himself?
so the pussy ate itself
idk what going on (crying)
00,10something every guy would try
dem pringles
ive never seen this anime
/me wants Pringles now
inb4 duckface pringles
Me neither Squallken
00,10she became a witch
what a twist
god damn i was right
00,10good catch
NOW, Kyuubey is a villain
this is me so far http://i.imgur.com/WPN1c.jpg
What a movie.
Kiwi
00,10so keep going?
Don't make me chase you with a chainsaw.
in rnuners.
runners*
00,10would like to get to where houmra takes a level in badass
Sumica: will chast minds be able to take whats to come?
*chats
Well I have to shop for candy and sausage. (That sounded funny.) Anyhow, laters.
Two more episodes, and it'll be the last episode before the Sendai Earthquake
/me waves.
cya Kencolt
bye Kencolt
This series feels like someone took a Clamp manga and took it in a REALLY dark direction.
did they forget the witch is still out there
00,10and then he explaines why
hm how far into the season is this episode
00,109 of 13
thanks
Oh, all of those chairs supposedly evokes another series called Bokurano which is also about a group of children getting a horrible raw deal.
Bah, I phrased it wrong.
so the alien cat is saying, human = food?
00,10human = energy
back in my day we played battle field 1942, on a real battlefield
00,10to fuel the uneverse
"Oh, that is despicable. (lol) I LOVE IT"
Paspiedreamcast: indeed
so I can log this channel off now and use my Paspie user exclusively
Sumica: That. That is the plot twist that got me the most
I have an idea there this is going, and im going to love it :D
00,10you could have also asked
i get that feeling
she eats a lot :/
Kyouko gave Madoka a snack that she actually paid for figuring that Madoka would have the same aversion to stolen food.
Never tell lies, only half truths
but half truths are worse than lies
D:
My mac just exploded. o_o
<.<
Defnie 'exploded'
Define*
im sorry to hear that Gold_Demona
*exploded
*define
Gold_Demona: O_o
also, meow
Jmo: Suddenly white screen of not responding.
D:
white screen of death?
because apple just has to be different
00,10cool boss zone
It's not like the blue screen of death because there's no text or anything. Just a big blank white screen.
This series was described as being to Magical Girl series what Evangelion is to Super Robot series. I'd say this series does a better job of deconstructing it's respective genre than Evangelion did.
^
so, gold_demona_, its 'the white screen of should have bought a PC'?
Kandarihu how would you say that
00,10well this show did't run out of vudget in the end either
Roseluck`: I have a pc, thank you very much
Kandarihu: a better deconstruction of that genre is Bokurano. Same writer, incidentally
Roseluck`: And in the four years I've had both of these computers, this is the ONLY time the mac has done this.
The deconstructive part of Evangelion centered around pretty much the only protagonist of ANY mecha series who didn't want to pilot the mecha (yes, I know it's a cyborg kaiju).
Whereas I've had to replace Windows on this PC more than once.
gold_demona_: so did you follow the space plot twist?
00,10wtfboooooom
What space plot twist? The one where the cat's an alien and the Magical Girls are a plot to fuel the universe?
bounce like my checks did, back in the day
And yeah, they're both dead
gold_demona_: yep
And this protagnoist just rubbed fans all kinds of bad ways with his spinelessness. Madoka, on the other hand, wants to become a magical girl but is stopped by someone who cares about her long enough for the details to give her pause
MadSurge: Yup, I got it. :P
have to go to shops back soon
Yeah, I'd have to say Madoka is a WAY better protagonist than Shinji.
^
isnt she though?
Though that's not a difficult feat. Being a better protagonist than Shinji
just saying
This is gonna be a bit hard to follow.
And come the biggest plot twist of the anime
Uguuuu~
Guys what do you think is cuter, Derpy smiling with her eyes open or smiling with her eyes closed? its a side view so you can't see her walleyedness
SpeccyRush|Drawing: how about half closed?!
ya just have to make it harder for me don't ya MadSurge
ya.
Then open
SpeccyRush|Drawing: Depedns on what she's smiling about
Depends*
gold_demona_: lets say she's listening to a story from a friend
Then eyes open
If this series aired during Prime Time, the sponsors would be very upset over the fact that Madoka hasn't been seen as a Magical Girl until now
...and my flash is crashing
NM.
00,10kinda an odd role reversal
Flash forward to Walpurgis Night
bbl
Hey everypony
Kandarihu, i thought you said "my fetish is crashing"
i was like WTF M8
Roseluck`, lol
gold_demona_: now what if I said its lyra telling the story
SpeccyRush|Drawing: I'd say it'd depend on the story more than who's telling it..
00,10figure it out yet?
gold_demona_: existence of humans story
SpeccyRush|Drawing: Probably eyes closed them
then*
Awwww
She probably used her magic to heal her heart as soon as she woke up in the hospital.
00,10yep she tossed a bomb........there
not sure if fan service or not
To be clear, Homura's powers have nothing to do with fighting, but only lets her bend time and hold stuff in her giant timer. So she fills it with conventional weapons.
probably fan service
So she can steal all weapons and bombs she likes and hide them in a pocket dimension
00,10she also has malletspace
It's only fanservice for those who passionately love guns.
00,10so yeah they are now showing all her time loops
not all
sumica, this is my favorite episode
BETRAYAL
sad face
SAD FACE!
00,10realy glad they did not have the gun shot
i watched this series originally with a socially awkward man in my AIT platoon
Dat pissed/sad face
Now she's serious
00,10alll the dakka
she kills EVERYTHIGN
little girl with big guns
walpurgis night
00,10and then we have ep1
the music for this is amazing
^
nd the action tht goes with it is just as good
such a creep creature
So yeah, Madoka is the protagonist, but Homura is the herp
*heroine
gold_demona_: just casue i'm super critical of myself here http://i.imgur.com/QINBO.png you know what they say a picture speaks more than words...
what a dick :3
how hard is it to fight in high heels
00,10queue terminator theme
Hm... I think the eyes open one is better.
if you live long enough, even your greatest heros become villans
UGH! Nuuuuu My mac! It's dying! D;
00,10oh and yeah, whole ep is over and now opening theme
IKR!
magical quartet?
00,10glad they did that
00,10cause the opening would have spoiled that ep
she has a kitty cat
and i wub it
and i want it
and im about to be kicked for overflow
... or not.
00,10it's all her falt they want madoka so badly
OP?
op
And at the ending will it say "ED"? :D
00,10I wonder the importants of the salt on the sholder
Isn't salt supposed to repel evil or something?
Or bad luck?
00,10probably somthing to do with her coming back from a wake
both technically
Throwing salt over your shoulder is supposed to be good luck I think
00,10yeah but her mom sprinkeld some on madokas sholder as she came home
It's a western custom, so if it's based on that it might be a misinterpretation
if
00,10they have been intefearing for decades
Sumica: Kiyome-shio: after the funeral, before entering the house, each person throws salt behind them to ward off evil spirits; some place a large amount of salt at the entrance of their houses and step on it before entering.
Sumica: http://www.worldclass.net/TeachingGlobally/WorldReligions/shinto_funerals.htm
00,10oh look, suns comeing up
It's it's a Shinto thing. My bad
Oh it's*
It's not like they can't be translated.
DocSane: What do you mean?
00,10he dont like the honorifics
00,10here we go.
Sumica: Those don't really have proper translations. Only rough equivalents that sound retarded. =/
The honorifics I mean
My stance on honorifcs has softened over the years.
00,10level in badass inbound
But I hate, hate, HATE fan translators that leave terms like "onii-chan" and "yatta" in Japanese.
...this is all going over my head right now
00,10as I pray.......
DocSane: Yeah, that's kind of annoying.
00,10yes she keeps all that in her pocket
So, who was the Walpurgis Night before she became a witch?
DocSane: it's an amalgama of witches
Sumica: talk about hammerspace
Oh btw NO SELL
MadSurge: Ah, okay. I was never clear on that point.
A friend of mine hates this show.
oh and gold_demona_ thanks for ze input
o.o, what show is this?
No problem SpeccyRush|Drawing
She hates all things "girly", hates magical girl shows, and HATES how this story went.
DocSane: does he like giant robots?
MadSurge: She. No, not particularly. Likes space opera mostly, like Space Battleship Yamato.
oh thx MadSurge
Good night gentlemen.
night XAX
00,10piffff, yamato, a space opera
DocSane: because Bokurano is the equivalent of this show for giant robots
Night XAX
Sumica: How is Yamato not a space opera?
00,10it's an action show in space.
00,10it's world building is lacking
Sumica: Um... that's the DEFINTION of Space Opera.
Sumica: Um... Its world-building is top notch.
00,10it's not a bad show but it's not close to space opera
Sumica: It's probably THE definitive anime space opera.
00,10right
How much Yamato have you seen?
00,10also odd that's the end of the video
Sumica: You are mistaken. It IS Space Opera. It's up there in the genre with the original Lensman Novels and the SKylark series.
before i go on with my day I have this to say about this anime
00,10and yeah, tired
Harvey Dent was right
Aww, end of stream
Nighty Sumica :(
You either die young or live long enough to see yourself the villain?
Sumica, thanks for streaming
dem sea ponies :3
Goodnight Sumica! :) thanks for the stream
inb4 chat gets very quiet
gold_demona_: there's only one episode left, wanna me to spoil it?
@ DocSane YES
00,10will finish madoka soon
Thanks, Sumica. We'll discuss this later.
MadSurge: Sure
thank you Sumica
Night Sumi. Sweet dreams
00,10it's not a bad show I do like it but i have seen better
It was great! We almost died!
lol
bbl
i got a big day ahead
Thanks deus ex machina ponies!
hay whats up everyponey
Hai sweetie
Morning.
i should probably sleep
I think I need to "attack the day", as Iron Will says.
its to early
hay my mom wants a mlp party and i need som advice
hookers and poker tables
:O
/me slaps the top of Colt_Brovakiin's head with a newspaper
bad colt
spike the punch 6_9
:c
Colt_Brovakiin: you forgot the beer
:D
Morning, guys
Ohai ASoftFluffyThing :)
morning
Good morning ASoftFluffyThing :)
/me hugs MadSurge, naturesfury, Colt_Brovakiin, and relaxes on Jmo's lap
any1 get assassins creed 3 yet?
I have! :3
i just got done with the 3rd sequence for it (where he brings in that one guy he meets in bosten) and i lawled so ahrd when i saw the achiement for it
:D I know right
wish i could go more into deatail but i dont wanna spoil anything :/
Hi everybody :)
Hai The_Engineer :)
Looks like everybodysasle
Asleep*
Except for u
Wonder when is everyone comin on
:3
wut
Hey The_Engineer
eh i just finnaly looked at that the a movie for this week :S looked like a black and white, sigh, but it had 8.9/10 so i might still watch it
Hey
/me randomly hugs everyone
/me hugs back
/me explodes from too mush pressure
/me huggles ASoftFluffyThing tighty :3
Meh
I'm gona go play games while chattin here
oh hai again. Internet explorer hiccuped
or trying
....DID YOU JUST SAY INTERNET EXPLORER?
yep
...
/me did not actually hug Sylandest and actually kicks him.
<
*:<
What I do?
Who uses that should be dead.
bit harsh...
/me raises hand
It wasnt that hard ;c
I use it all the time...
And honestly, I have no trouble with it, at all.
Use chrome or Firefox. Internet Explorer sucks
nuu
care to elabotate?
I like my internet explorer
I use Internet Explorer only when I need to do something that involes going into Windows Explorer that can't be found otherwise.
Internet Explorer 1 person likes it. How many people hate it: The world
/me switches between Firefox and Chrome, but prefers Firefox
/me uses firefox for work, chrome for play :3
myuh...
I wub my internet explorer
Sylandest, please tell us you're at least using 9, if not 8.
ASoftFluffyThing: I...think so? :$
If you're still using 6, we're gonna have to ask you to leave.
No no, its updated
I have IE 4 on here :]
Goood
dont make me leave ;_;
The most recent is 9
I think they're coming out with a 10?
Aye
supposed to be all super duper and whatnot
I wonder what other controversial things I apparently do that the chat might oppose?
...I can't think of any, actually, unless somepony has an idea? Or am I forever alone now? ;_;
yep...
/me huggles Sylandest :3
Hey everypony
Still having Windows ME or 95
Hi MisterSkids :3
Hai MisterSkids
Hiyo MisterSkids
howdy MisterSkids
/me huggles Colt_Brovakiin back
first time to bronystate, actuelly only been a brony for about a week now
Welcome to Bronystate, MisterSkids. And to the herd, for that matter.
i tryed to deny it for so long but there no way i can do that anymore
welcome, MisterSkids :)
Wait
thx
he's new?
We need to do the Big Welcome-how-do-you-do thing we do!
i was doing research on the show, by the time i watched the last episode of season 2, i found myself wanting to watch season 3 bad
Welcome to Bronystate, MisterSkids
thx
MisterSkids: As is our usual ways, your cordial welcome video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ix7vrluEm4E
Aww Sylandest, you beat me to it XD
lol as long as i dont have to wear that hat where good
ASoftFluffyThing: :3 I was first! yesh!
MisterSkids: no, we won't make you wear the hat. But wear any hat you wish to as you please! :)
Sylandest, I'll be first next time lol
ASoftFluffyThing: Well, we'll just have to see about that
i always wear my old fashon cap so ill keep wearing that
saberspike was the one that actuelly sent me here
saberspark
Sylandest, I have that song in my favorites AND tagged.
he must have it pre copyed
ASoftFluffyThing: ...touche'
im guessing theres nothing playing today since the video wont load up
Sylandest, indeed.
MisterSkids: At the moment, no one is streaming. so its a quiet time, hehe. But feel free to stay and chat at your leisrue
*leisure
/me shakes ASoftFluffyThing's hoof/paw/fluff
ill probaly do that, my fav chat is slow today (that being celetia radio)
iv delvid pretty deep so far into the brony community, and my favorite so far is the docter whooves adventures
MisterSkids: I've seen a few of them, its one I'd like to revisit though. Been a little while since I last saw them...
i love both piercesmolders and PIAB styles
in fact, i kinda sent an audition to PIAB for voice acting and writing
Sup suckas?
...
howdy
Uh...
howdy Hoody|Skool :)
Sup, Hoody|Skool
you sent an audition, you say, MisterSkids?
I know its halloween, but that doesn't mean it has to be so dead...
Hai Hoody|Skool :D
yo
yes i did 2 really one just of the voices i could do and the other was a very serious speech that many people have told me was amazing
Hoody|Skool, people are at work and school at the moment. All the Halloween parties were held this past weekend
:D
b/c of sandy
._.
umm Sylandest if u want to, i put the video of my auditions on youtube, i dont think there super amazing but ummm....yea
MisterSkids: I'll have a look around :)
Gonna get this mask taken...
kk let me get a link
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OvDjO-_YaQM
Yawn
Moo
No Ayejay
hrm
hallo everypony
i wrote this and voiced it
Sup sucka?
Yo
/me sigh
o.o
LightTrooper105: You did this
i did wut? o3o
I don't even know anymore...
i pity you..
MisterSkids: After listening to it, I would say you've got some potential there. Your tone is good, as is your range of sound. My only suggestion, if you do another, is to watch your clarity. A couple words were a bit muffled, but aside from that, good job :)
Don't pity You, he can't help it
thx, part of the problem is my CNY accent and another my mic is total and utter crap
im glad u like it
MisterSkids nice
MisterSkids: no worries, it was well done! :)
Thx, im still waiting for a responce but everypony i ask says its good
it is good
and Sylandest im glad u gave also some helpful critsism thats what i like, ways to improve
MisterSkids: anytime :)
i tryed an angry raw approach with it first but i didnt like it so itryed a slower sadder approach...bingo
MisterSkids: Aye. The tempo of a speech, as well as the emotion applied to it, can affect the overall performance. You have to get just the right balance to get the effect you desire. Learned that in my Communications course here at Uni.
oh and a...my other videos r of me and my buddys being idiots lol
hehehe
thats it too, just the right emotion for the job, with the right accent and flow of words
Unfortunately, I have to head out for a tiny bit. Moving from dorm to classroom. Be back in a little bit, everypony
kk see ya in a bit
hey guys
Hai again alexxm
ohhai
Hey alexxm
/me pokes ASoftFluffyThing
/me squeaks and noms Jmo's hoof
how are things Brovakiin|Assassin and ASoftFluffyThing
D:
/me seeing if the /me works here
/me smiles
Doing fine, alexxm. About to hop in the shower. You?
i'm good
ohai alexxm didn't see u there
well how've things been Hoody|Skool
alexxm: Things died
Now only Thongs is left
Anyway, gtg, next class startin
Latas
bye Hoody|Skool
teehee iv been writing a kool idea i had for Docter WHooves if anypony wants to hear the plot
:v
:^
also i heard that trixies might be coming back in season 3,
i heard that too
im actuelly excited about that, i wonder if she changed a bit, i feel like she went and started studing magic like twilight all the time
also im very talkive because i had alot of caffiene lol
happy nightmare night bronies!
hmmm? well thats just my theory is all
too u to pony_3290
what is the worst shipping you can think of?
MisterSkids: its just that any discussion on season 3 (even if you were not intending it to be) will result in a ban from chat right now
how long will that ban be?
perma
ooooooooooooooooooooo
woah thats kinda harsh, understandable if things get out of hand but WOW that HARSH
/me zips lips with real zipper
SpeccyRush|Drawing: I'm quite sure it's not perma
albeit i said perma i believe you can send an appeal for said ban
but it won't run out with time
do you get reply with ban appeal?
ask someone who's been banned or ask a mod if you decide to make them self known in chat at the time
*if they decide to make themselves known
13http://i.imgur.com/Bmdrs.jpg
yep i heard about that, SCREW DISNEY
disney is evil
13http://i.imgur.com/kktS0.jpg
Hi everypony! Happy halloween/molest fest/ nightmare night!!!
Disney is your childhood mate
Disney wasn't my childhood
wanna bet
My childhood was Pro MLG arsekicking derp murdering
Never been a disney person :P
how are things Kawaii_icybeauti
now u cant tell me that there aint something wrong with the weather
hey
Hello again, everypony
Allo
/me hugs sylander
/me huggles MisterSkids back
how've you been Sylandest
alexxm: ive been well, ty
test
btw Sylandest if u seen the video Shock Top Test on my page, that is my recording of a character i made up for MLP, i think he turned out well, im not sure what im going to do with him yet though
hai
BLOOD EVERYWHERE.
MY GOD.
Back from the shower.
/me snuggles ASoftFluffyThing
What'd I miss?
MisterSkids: When I finish with my classes today, I'll have a look see at it. If you're here in a couple of hours, could you remind me?
Flufffeh :3
hi Cades
I'm a little idle btw, fixing breakfast
wb, ASoftFluffyThing that is now ASoftWetFluffyThing
np ill be here till about 3:30 when i gtg to work
k
Sylandest, I doubt that'll fit. Plus I"m all dry now.
MisterSkids: what time zone are you in though?
ASoftFluffyThing: ahh, so ASoftDryFluffyThing then
/me pokes Jmo
eastern time, i live in central new york
:D
Sylandest, nope. Just ASoftFluffyThing that smells of cocoa butter because of the soap lol
MisterSkids: Fair enough, hehe. Its what, 11, 12:20 for you atm?
If I had cucumber melon, I'd be smeling like that.
It's 11:20 EST
ASoftFluffyThing: now, that is entirely too long :D
11 20 actuely
MisterSkids: perfect, I'll be out by about your 1:20 or so
wow that was fast of u Kawaii
kk
howdy Kawaii_icybeauti
heya Sylandest MisterSkids I'm on the east coast too.
Kawaii_icybeauti: you are safe and sound, I would hope? MisterSkids as well?
yea the storm barely even touched us
in fact my and my buddys flew a 40 foot long tarp in the 50mph winds
Sylandest: My street was the only one to still have power in my neighborhood, and my dad has to bring my grandma from new jersey. The only thing to affect me is halloween is on saturday...:(
MisterSkids: fun times! :D
Kawaii_icybeauti: I see...I'm sorry you have to wait. But its good that you're safe though! Thats whats most important! :)
im still sore from it
08,01TIL there exists such a thing as horse glitter.
the wind well drag u across the fields when its that strong
08,01i'm not even making that shit up
what the hell is horse glitter
Hi everybody :) I is back
ohhia
Horse glitter???
Kawaii_icybeauti: We worry mostly about your well being, we're happy to know you're fine :)
do i even WANT to know wat horse glitter is?
MadSurge: Thankies :3 I have the day off again today, and I've never seen my school cancel more than a day at a time. We had 3 DAYS OFF.
Horse glitter is glitter shaped in horses :D
inb4 we find out anyway
08,01it's glitter, right
08,01and, this will blow your mind
IT DEFINETLY NEEDS MORE GLITTER!!
08,01it's glitter that
08,01make yourself ready for this
08,01you put it
08,01on your horse.
On the mane?
Pfft
>_>
MadSurge: The thin made it all the way up to new york.
thing*
08,01MadSurge: "apply liberally as required"
cant u just take normal body glitter for something as stupid as that, why make a thing as horse glitter?
Kawaii_icybeauti: yeah, that's a pretty good motive to cancel school I mean
MadSurge: Yeah. My mom said the traffic lights weren't working when she tok my brother to the gym, maybe I'll get the day off again.....god knows.
08,01MadSurge: can't; working
helllllllo
Eeepp...I can't watch scary movies...
08,01just got back from school
Ahhh it's fine then :)
08,01i taught the 5th years (16/17 year olds) how to fork bomb a linux machine
08,01now *that* got them interested in getting a Raspberry Pi
That sounds rad!
that sounds ummm....i have no idea how that sounds
I just see the word "bomb" I think it might be cool
/me 08,01has a feeling that he's doing more to drive the uptake of learning programming and computer science in that school than anything else has done in a long time
Kawaii_icybeauti: one good thing of living in europe, no monstruous perturbations coming your way
13that feel when you wake up wondering why your legs are chalk white and so smooth.. then i realize i was so tired yesterday i crashed out without taking tights off
08,01Shizuka: yes
Shizuka: :D
That happens to me all the time
08,01tights are warm
08,01i'm actually wearing tights right now
08,01because goddamn, it's cold in scotland
Europeans....
/me 08,01isn't even joking
If you got caught wearing tights in my town without being a girl....
I have no thighs, but I had to put on shoes today because my feet were freezing and slippers weren't enough
13you have no thighs!
I used to wear Tightrs on extremly colöd days too...
Shizuka: OH NO! *tumbles down*
13morning bronystate crowd is more fashionable :3
o.o
Morning Shizu :)
08,01my tights are boring black ones
I remember the way my mom would bundle me up on the typical NY winter days....Tights, then 2 pairs of socks, 2 pairs of pants...like 1000 shirts, jacket, boots, gloves, scarf...I was ready for venturing in the artic...
im 45% scottish :)
and hi evryone :)
/me 08,01should get some bright pink tights
everyone*
Shizuka: I've been here for night and morn so I guess I'm the exception :P
I haven't worn tights since I was a kid
13i've always been partial to white
HAHA Kawaii, i live on the edge of the adirondacks, alot of us just walk around in shorts in the winter
ASoftFluffyThing: I would wear them when I was still dancing, but sinc eI wuit that, no more tights unless it's cold and I'm wearing a dress/skirt,
/me wears almost only jeans
no joke
I wear leggings but not tights
13tights let you extend shorts season by like three weeks
My mom is from a tropical country, she didn't know what winter was, so she would kill us with clothing
Shizuka !! :O http://i.imgur.com/3RF2V.gif ...I kid
what to do first? Staying in Bronystate and Listening to Tuesday Tech Talk, or watching the new VGA Episodes >.<
i wear kahkis most of the time during the colder seasons
13SpeccyRush|Drawing: hey black is okay but doesn't usually go with my outfits
and the warm seasons
Because I'm older and because of global warming, I go in jeans mostly, maybe a skirt and leggings every now and then.
13i wear black jackets if it makes it less raaaaaaaacist
dam i love kahkis
Shizuka: you like more colourful clothes?
Shizuka: but black is supposed to go with everything
New York=Black clothing. Even as a small child I wore black. it's like a funeral everyday...
oh oh Shizuka http://imgur.com/gallery/POde6 you may have seen it though
13MadSurge: not in winter... usually blues and blacks
13i have some dimmer reds for summer but i'm pretty boring .-.
13is why white goes better
08,01Shizuka: pics or i call shenanigans.
13nu .-.
/me 08,01runs
XD
08,01i'll take some pics of my tights when i actually get up and turn the light on
/me 08,01has a bad cold, and feel horrible
13pff light
13who needs it
08,01i do! i love light!
Like 90% of my closet is black. Plus the dark blues for denim, and only a bit of my closet actually invovles color, mostly my cheerleading clothing.
now if I ever were to wear white in winter, specifically after a snow... all you'd see is a tuft of hair floating around...
im writing atm soo im in and out of the conversation
08,01i'm a cross between a plant and a cat
/me 13sneezes at bright light .-.
/me is very pale
08,01i like light, warm places
I somehow keep choosing tshirts with black "background" o__o
can WAIT till it snows, i love the winter season
08,01MisterSkids: blargh, i hate the snow
MisterSkids: It didn't snow anythign last year for me, I hope we get some.
08,01the snow can suck my icicle.
where is Wrek?
oh my~
i know, me and my buddys went all the way to BLue Mountain to go sledding down it
13http://arstechnica.com/business/2012/10/netherlands-highways-will-glow-in-the-dark-starting-in-mid-2013 oo neat
Shizuka: That's so aweosme!!
That's neat AND useful
didnt know till like 5th of januuary
The only time is snowed in souther NY was on halloween...
it*
Shizuka: Aww, I wish we had that too.
That looks neat.
nvm
Because we're herps...
herp derp
13then we can have the cool things
huh. glow in the dark roads
They're in the middle of the freedom tower right now, any updates will take forever...
thats our tranportation system, always doing alot nothing all the time
This february it snowed so hard I couldn't go anywhere. Then I realized there was that stream site for ponies and I came here :$
:) good choice
It was actually warm as hell in feburary....We got some may 0 degree days..:O
50*
Kawaii_icybeauti: never seen that much snow around here, even when I was a kid
Shizuka: how else we gona get rid of that 8% ?
Fix all da roads.
MadSurge: There's usually a blizzard or 2 during the winter...Nothing this year though....
worst winter EVER last year 50 degrees nearly made my head explode
Not yet at least :D
i love sledding, skiing, cross country skiing building snow sculptures
extreme sledding
MisterSkids: http://www.macdesktops.net/data/506/31207sled1024-med.gif
1350 degrees?
13oh you mean that it didn't snow
That was too hot aparently.
good morning everypony ^_^
SO MUCH BLOOD.
Good morning BladedWings :)
morning BladedWings
Ugh. Don't remind me Jmo
Bahahahaha
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdONGWGpbXg&feature=plcp
It's everywhere Barb.
BLOOOOOD~
Yes. Everywhere.
when i mean extreme i mean EXTREME
You bloody sack of water.
Go and.. Pee or something
wut.
Idunnoshutupiamhavingbadday
when it become a blood bath in here?
nahp
blood.
:>
2 bad days in a row. Not a good sign
I need more pony in my life.
Its the ONLY option.
ponay.
take pony and directly inject into the blood stream
MisterSkids: Awww yeah I feel another rainboom coming :D
lol, better than herion, its the magic of friendship
back to quiet....again
>_>
<_<
Hey everyone :)
13so... snow possible this weekend >>
Agile_Broneh
hey
Haha
where shizuka?
13here
and where is "here"
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: PMV/Trailers: Ponie's Creed 3 / "September" - A Visual / Zero Dark Pony
In Shizukaland, dug
*duh
-.-
13somewhere between madness and dementia
13no wait mania and dementia... need to play oblivion again..
Shizu likes being mysterious :D
u mean mania
o_O
Shizuka: Sheogorath?
dude i gots a shivering isles map next to my head
lol
best daedric prince ever
ooHOHHoh, wat would happen if Sheogorath met Discord?
:D
its would be one crazy and insane day in both equetra and cryodiil
13only geeky thing i have here is the CD sleeves for riven mounted on the wall
discord is just a ponyfied versoin of sheogorath :P
13http://i.imgur.com/tv2UA.jpg proof from last year
well sheogorath leans toards more voilance but hey, discord is on a kids show so cant help much there
13wes johnson is a brilliant VA
oh yes, because mind ra... warping is so kid friendly
hi yall
hey i watched horror flicks all the time as a kid (even when iwas 3) iand i didnt turn out TOO bad
Hai Moopy :)
hey sup
the killing of goats is totally normal...right?
how are things Moopy
Good real good
howdy
13depends, which eldritch god are you summoning
13cause if it's fluffy the wonder demon, no it's not normal
i was looking to summon a normal imp just so he can clean my room
13carry on then
good i need one pretty badly my rooms getting a mess
where is wrek?
13in wrek land
lol Shizuka
where did wrek go?
13to wrek land
oh......why?
wrek land is hear, in my very room
Wrek must be busy lately
well 5 days 14 hours and 48 minutes untill Halo 4 comes out
brb
I fear the release of Halo 4
Goddamit
hrm?
Everytiem I see a light, I think it's a mineshaft
NOPE, lavafalls
13dig around oceans
:I
its coming out in 1 week
I am.
minecraft problems lol
13there's always tons and tons of mineshafts in the ocean
yeah, but will Halo 4 be good? I saw the commercial....did like what i saw....
I've also taken to looking for mushrooms because a lot of them near mineshafts
*didnt
Don't know why they added a beacon because it's useleeeeeeees
But i did find some gold.
lolhalogood
dat AK o:
Eh, why should I care, im no longer an xbox player
Computers ftw
Going to Walmart, glasses are ready.
bai Fluffy :3
Bye ASoftFluffyThing|AFK!
Good evening, everybrony.
Hey Malavolent
hi Malavolent
Pondoooo
Now opening the bronystate national bank
Who wants a loan?
=D
how've you been Malavolent
=|
=(
What are your rates?
We closed.
Uh, morning Jmo ^^
D:
Mornin' Pondoo
Happy night mare night/ to everyone ^^
/me yawns
alexxm: I've been good, how about you?
i'm good Mlavolent had a drving lesson today
2 more weeks and my class is done \:3/
alexxm: Oh? Going for the license?
yeah Malavolent i drove home today
And? How did it go?
WOO
2 WEEKS
:3
Hai Panda :3
it went well Malavolent
./)_(\ I think ima fail this class.
oh hai Panda
and no you won't
you're smart, Panda
Syl|Butler shut up D: and get back to school!
/me sigh
Today.
Let me tell ya.
Today.
Blood everywhere?
Blood everywhere
and then a skelington popped out
There was blood on the saddle, and blood all around, and a great big puddle of blood on the ground
I will punch that skelington right in the face, and then take his jaunty little fez.
I am not good mood.
So... Have any of you tried swedish snus?
Panda: I am in school. We're watching a documentary. :3
Syl|Butler: about what?
oh news
semi spoilers, but not so much
Watch it
MadSurge: I can't say in the chat. Youngin's be lookin
seems they are showing both parts 1 and 2 on the 10th
Syl|Butler: oh ok
Ryunosuke Huh that's pretty cool
13http://i.imgur.com/4Fhxo.jpg
Ryunosuke: Yep
xD
Shizuka: there's a snake in his boot, methinks
13han played first
Shizuka: http://imgur.com/gallery/RoalE
13saw that
Shizuka: how bout this http://imgur.com/gallery/iXoTK
wow
3 days
or should I just assume you've seen everything before i can post it?
13there's a terrifying prospect
saturday at 10am, sunday at 10am, and monday at 11am
The TF2 event is today?
so 10-12th they are showing it
Hello.
o/
they'd do it http://imgur.com/gallery/Fa1Mg
Hey everypony
Hi Serenity!
im bak wat i miss
I am relatively bored and want to play a game with you lot. becuz sherin is caruin
...That didn't worked out as expected, uh, Hey everypony!
Heya Serenity :)
Heya,, VenHur
Yo
hai VenHur :)
So cold over in Britain
^
I know it is cold but I have been lying in my PJ's all day :P
I'm in 3 layers and I'm freezing my tits off
>implying
its always cold in my room, my computer sucks and needs a box fan out it so it doesnt over heat even when its 30 out
how've you been VenHur
http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/e678551c673a9f085c77468b68753dcd.png here, have a Nightmare Night related pic :$
My computer is providing best heating
Increasing room temp by around 5 degrees
Celsius
MadSurge: What is sweetiebelle doing? o.o
nice picture XD
Serenity: head and voice, duh :D
roaring me thinks
Oh, so she insn't doing "Suprise" onto the scarecrow then?
That's good
No stream?
That makes me a sad panda
D:
Oh...good...good...I've been good...good...
/me hugs panda
...Good...
Serenity: she's making the scarecrow talk "D
>.>
/me hugs back
somebody sounds guilty
AHHh just sitting her thinking of ideas while pinkiepieswear plays his best
Speaking of guilty
so relaxing
One of my friends apparently had a phoenix wright moment today at school
OBJECTION
i do believe your friend is just a made up person
He was getting told off for swearing apparenty he shouted objection, played cornered on his phone, and said "Do you have any fundamental proof that I swore in your face?"
The etacher said no, then he was like "Shut the fuk up then"
LOL
tiem for da sads http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ApDAJJONn9I
Who knows if it was true, I find it hilarious
HAHAHA oohh thats good
seen it barb, its pretty good
The song was in my head
i LOVED cowboy bebop
when i seen the scene that this was from years ago, i was like :o
Barb|SoMuchBLOOD: Thing is, when I fall to my inevitable death, I wouldn't sing, I would say something more along the lines of "Oh dear god, arg."
lol
well shes having flash backs of course
First sign of insanity
u know life flashing before your eyes thing
i miss cowboy bebop :'(
/me glomps Discord
....
hi to you to
^^
brb
...
hullo? Anybody home?
/me silence
I'm sorry. The pony you tried to call is either out or dead. Please ring later
well
this sucks...
:P
Nature called. But I was on the phone, so I missed her.
13did she leave a voicemail?
Voicemail? Who uses voicemail these days?
Shizuka: Yes, it said "Hello, if you're not dead, please answer, if you are infact dead, feel free to ignore me and not answer...wait, you are doing"
Kammerjunk: I use a pager.
bak
A blood pager?
I like to mess with people and make my voicemail go "hello... why did you phone... Ah I see etc"
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Story: Brother
well every pony i have to go
bye bye
"Hello, I'm trying to phone you, so get your lazy arse off that sofa and pick up this phone. Thank you, and have a nice day"
bye Maid_RainBow1
Ello all :)
Hello Major ^^
Allo
hi Zombie_Major
hi Zombie_Major
cute
So.....
it seams the chat just gets random short bursts of conversation
Tuxedos are so stylish
and suddenly a shit load of bazinga on /mlp/
moin everypony ^^
Morning Invi :3
Invi ello ^_^
im going to have to do a scary reading today for halloween
dat Maid_Major and dat Jaymoo ^^
:3

MisterSkids, what coincidence. i want to listen to one ^^
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1351677559739.jpg
well right now im listening to this guy that can give anybody an eargasm
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15NEKu7yXnU&feature=g-high-u
MisterSkids ooo is it written by Edgar Allen Poe?
http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/4f2d0ca8c1cc750e89dd0c50de8a26b7.jpg halp, I'm stuck in a cloud
Stephen d Harris
lol mad
MisterSkids, wow
thats not me btw lol this guys awesome though
MisterSkids sounds interesting
sorry but this is just halarious http://thebest404pageever.com/swf/Super_Spice_Bros_64.swf
pot80
LMAO
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1351669000548.png
That's wild
Oh Mario music
How I love thou.
Ebhm
Bronysith my talent is now deoderent?
haha
/me 08,01shivers
08,01why do i have to get ill right now
08,01i've got too much to do to be ill!
/me 08,01mutters
out*
If only pondoo.
08,01MadSurge: i wasn't going to anyway
08,01i was *planning* on celbrating Samhhuinn
.
08,01*Samhuinn
think i found a story to read
What is Samhuinn?
^
^^
08,01Maid_Major: the pagan Autumn festival
08,01the opposite of Beltane
so it's about water?
08,01also known as the Celtic New Year
08,01Invi: nope, there's still fire
oh cool
08,01http://beltane.org/about/samhuinn/
o_o
Righto
.
08,01Maid_Major: awesome!
08,01Panda|Homework: maybe
08,01Panda|Homework: i'm kinda free now, but i'm also ill and slightly out of it
/me checks if the chat has frozen for me by using this message
nope sorry
Ohello pot80
i've been here a while MadSurge...
.
I am not paying much attention :P
I am a bit of a silent procrastinator
*procrastenater
*Procras- screw it
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mcmhct3ZjZ1rp4zyso9_1280.jpg I will sell my soul for this computer
Hi, Good morning everyone
Hey TheGreatAndPowerfulT :)
hi
Hai TheGreatAndPowerfulT :)
hallo TheGreatAndPowerfulT
TheGreatAndPowerfulT hi and welcome to nightmare night
Ah ha trixie u r here to then
pot80 cant see it
damn
Dat chemistry joke
lol
Hello
tell me trixie did u have fun on celetai radio the other day?
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mcqk432i2R1r0o0gdo1_1280.png I cried a manly tear to this....
oh WOW
dibs
.
i called them first
MisterSkids well I saw it first!
to late finders keepers
Looks like we have a winner to that art contest :P
.
.?
/me hits Maid_Major with a very large mallet sending her to the moon
Maid_Major: even if it had no Luna on it that would be an ace car
MadSurge and I care?
So....
hey
6Hey ^^
6Happy Halloween :P
how goes?
thanks!
6Pretty good,you? :P
6^^
could be better :/
I found a humerous video if anyones interessted?...
nope
post R34
no
wrong message
wrong channel
what did i just read?
XD
bad Bronysith check yo corners
disreguard my messages
post pony
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4481/
Nice XD
6What's wrong?
I'm back
What'd I miss?
So....whats you lads favorite candy?
Twix.
/me pokes Softfluffything
Because Twixie.
a lot of family stuff going on right now
/me pokes MisterSkids
Hey everypony
Might be forced to move soon too
6Oh >.<
woah it pokes back
o welcome back fluffeh
howdy Serenity. And I'm back as well! :)
wb ASoftFluffyThing
hey sylandest
hi Serenity
6I hope everything works out well..
/me pokes BladedWings and Jmo
and Sylandest
howdy again, MisterSkids :)
Hi Serenity
howdy BladedWings :)
theres got to be an easier way to use peoples names other than typing
/me pokes and hugs ASoftFluffyThing ^_^
wb everyone (too lazy to put all your names in here)
me too
^
^^
oh yes Sylandest, heres that Shock Top Video
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6asycCdYoMk
i dont even know what that means, Serenity
because I'm immature I hope you don't mind if put this vid up http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ithc4EzXkdk&feature=related XD
/me needs more coffee
It means lets play games
which...
Bugger knows
nvm, i have work in 15 minutes, and work till 1900 tonight >.<
GMT?
im in fort riley kansas
Okay back to minecraft
lol ASoftFluffyThing you and your minecraft ^_^
multiplayer ASoftFluffyThing ? :(
6Gtg..
pot80, survival single player
damnangit
.
brb getting coffee
6See ya in the morning hopefully.. :3
MisterSkids, type part of the name and then hit tab
what does that . mean anyhow?
Just be aware that this gets annoying with people who's names start with "Pony"
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/6199/
BladedWings: I have no problem with this
/me pokes ASoftFluffyThing
Sylandest: same here lol
got to brb guys sooo brb :P
http://data.whicdn.com/images/38691221/tumblr_ma7dvyJUcG1r5y0q0o1_500_large.jpg
/me squeaks
BladedWings: "Awww, look at her blow up the house...so cuuute!"
:3
Hey guys listen to this, it's like the Plan 9 From Outer Space of Halloween songs: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RJ202zGMm-8
lol Sylandest
/me huggles ASoftFluffyThing
/me huggles Jmo left
back*
Okay, what exactly are the bats supposed to do?
im bak and not asingle pony has said anything
Jmo: aint that squeek adorable ^_^
yush.
/me hugs MisterSkids "sowwy"
And once you've listened to that mess, here's a better Halloween song to remove the sting: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpvdAJYvofI
wb, MisterSkids :)
im my thing did something so now my names is on here and i cant get bak in lol
hi
btw syl
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VuSCP4JY9RU&feature=plcp It's nightmare night ^^
i posted the Shock Top Test earlier Sylandest
ASoftFluffyThing: bats eaat moskitoes for example
RealMisterSkids: oh, you did?
MadSurge, in Minecraft silly
should be somewhere under my other name
ASoftFluffyThing: oh sorry :D
13i hate comcast
13so much
13can't even begin to describe how much i hate comcast
sorry for being so idle, I'm just at school
RealMisterSkids: I found it, viewing now :)
kk
btw how does one copy anothers name so fast
Shizuka well dont mind that, join us and have some candy! :)
13i can't
13my connection sucks today
And on Halloween with the TF2 stuff tonight of all days
RealMisterSkids: use the tab button to autocomplete a name. Try mine. Type Syl, then hit the tab button
Sylandest: kool
very nice idea for a chat room
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Spotlight Music: Fears / Flaedr - Nighttime Queen / K3WRO - Hivemind
oh cool i can use my name again brb
Sylmare?
Panda: I got hit by a r63 beam~
Shizuka not even for a Twix?
Shizuka, surely there is another ISP in your area ^^
13Panda: nope, it's comcast, satellite for twice the price and half the speed, or dialup
13we pay $75 a month for 12/4 with comcast, and this year we've had maybe 80% uptime
oh damn... wait...what about your cell phone Shizuka?
13can't tether
:/ how come?
im bak
13costs too much
13for three lines with unlimited data it'll be $150 a month
13and that was the best offer
Eh? I can tether for free. Geez what cell phone company do you have? O-o
13t-mobile
its ok
bfbrb (back from brb (back from be right back))
It wasnt possible for me to go on the internet while I was in school :P
13not to mention that the "unlimited" is really "4G speed up to 2GB, then 2G speed after that" which means we may as well be on dialup if we tethered
unless I had the computer infront of me..
What the hell? they are ripping you off. I have tmobile and 2 lines and it doesnt cost NEARLY that much.
Mmm...s'pose I should get some wool
13company lobbies government to keep everyone else out, gets to drive prices through the roof
Sounds about right.
/me pokes ASoftFluffyThing
Wooool~
So t-mobile actually charges people to teather their phones?
ASoftFluffyThing can you find anything other than pigs and cows that usually happens for me :P
Jmo, YOU BROK DA WOOLS
:3
I just rooted my phone and tethered that way >.>
pot80, it depends on which biome you're in.
It's mah dye.
I do wut I want :>
Sheep are just about everywhere except for deserts.
whenever i need food all I get is sheep and whenever I need wool I get pigs and cows XD
pot80 uh... are you playing harvest moon or something?
nope I'm a newb to the game and I had no idea what I was doing at the time :P
13it's a separate plan anyway
/me hasn't played Harvest Moon in years
Maid_Major, play the recent ones O_O they are so good...
No stream yet :(
ohai dere Pony Folk
Pony Folk?
:(
Hayo
ded
zomg pumpkins!
Wear all pumpkins.
Hai there IshFrankenPony :3
i improved shock tops background story and i feel happier about it
/me eats all teh pumpkins
Hiya
Hai RainbowAsh
how are things RainbowAsh
Back Story: Theres a reason hes called Shock Top. Tortured when he was by other's for his strange behavior. And just one prank too many, and Shock just finally snapped. Using a using some a small hand buzzer and a water pistol, we was able to get back at the little children by assualting them with electricty. And it was after that day that that he, Shock Top and created many more unique weapons, ranging from melee to chemical.
hallo RainbowAsh
http://images.sodahead.com/polls/002553737/215986500_tumblr_lzt9gblgkJ1qe4fpl_xlarge.png
Hi Brovakiin|Assassin and pot80 *hugs*
BronyState is funny when there's no stream.
Mostly because people are desperate for one
Cave base isn't too far from land base. Awesome
13http://cdn.cinemagr.am/cine_1/20591143.gif
Oh, dogs. You so silly.
Shizuka picture anime-esque whooshing sounds with that XD
Shizuka, she stares into my soul
pretty sure that gif is edited
twilight_sprinkle ^^ it is
/me noms twilight_sprinkle
Panda, you can tell because of the pixels
doggie
Panda: one day i'll nom you before you do :P
/me throws a raisin at Panda.
Shizuka: I am scared now
/me nomz Panda nonetheless :3
Happy Nightmare Night everyone!
Hai Sundaysmile :3
We don't celebrate in my family, but happy Nightmare Night regardles.
regardless*
don't celebrate it*
Sundaysmile, Nightmare Night, what a fright, give me something sweet to bite!
Trick or treat! :)
:)
He really is underrated.
/me gives RainbowAsh a toffee Apple
/me give Kammerjunk nothing
crap i gtg to work soon, hopefully its outside work than i can work on my fan fic as i write
ohokay
What's really annoying is that kids in my neighbourhood still celebrate it.
no wait as i walk i ment not write lol
I thought they'd have learned by now.
/me gives Maid_Mayor smores
Who wants to have a chatventure?
best thing is scaring little kids with tricks not treats
chatventure Barb|SoMuchBLOOD
?
as long as your not turning tricks :P
RainbowAsh: You were quoting his Nightmare Night ._.
Maybe. I don't know. I don't follow a lot of brony musicians, and the ones I do are underrated.
Chatventure sounds dangerously like rp
and rp isnt allowed
Kammerjunk, I was quoting the series Oo
There's a series?
Its something I just came up with. Its like "Pick a page" type story book, but in a chat room, with like 1 or 2 people providing the choices
oh no nothing like that lol, masks hiding in bushes that sort of thing....that doesnt help my case does it
If you guys want too I need a volunteer to help me
Will there be blood?
Might have to do that this evening though, so make sure you can be on.
:P
Kammerjunk, it's what the fillies shout in Luna Eclipsed
Jmo no. The blood is all gone.
Damn.
It will be a ghost story for sure. =0
Also did a 20 minute progessive rock song about the-fic-that-shall-not-be-named.
sry i gotta work till 10 Barb|SoMuchBLOOD and after that go to a resutrunt
It will be fun.
Aw. =9
My keyboard is dieing
lol
I can't be bothered to find batteries.
rub it against a wooly sweater, static electricity will do
Lithium-ion batteries are best batteries.
Barb|SoMuchBLOOD, dying*
people still use wireless keyboards?
but they are so slow
No memory effect is the best.
Anyways. I will make up a story for tonight. I have one question, do you guys want it to be about ponies or no?
is there a stream?
I can't be bothered to check my spelling and grammer either ASoftFluffyThing
Barb|SoMuchBLOOD it wont be in here or youll get the wrath of mods
I can make a room.
And I dunno why. Its not like I would do it during a stream.
advertising other rooms is against rules
Cuase you know, I would want to watch the streams
what stories?
thing is people tend to go overboard in rp
no matter how you try to stop them
The back seat modding is so strong in this chat room. Fine buzz kill.
Chrysalis, did you wake up on the wrong side of the bed bro
Jmo not really, i just cannot stand rp
RP in itself is allowed, but yeah, excessive amounts of it isn't allowed and it does have a tendency to go overboard.
tom is best mod
Kammerjunk, nice vocals
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire, Part 1" airs in 9 days, 20 hours, 34 minutes, 6 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
SOON.
Thanks tom!
Nine days.
Not soon enough
NINE. DAYS.
nine days until the chat becomes FLOODED with ponyfolks
I can't wait to observe the Mane 6 rooms from the comfort of regulars.
nine days until technical difficulties :P
9 days until best birthday gift evar ^_^
BladedWings: Your birthday is on the S3 release date?
Sundaysmile: ^
Kammerjunk: the season 3 release date is on my birthday lol...i was born to watch ponies :D
Yup.
BladedWings: That is awesome.
...I facepalmed.
VenHur: i knew about 7 but 8 and 9!?
BladedWings: Disney said they were planning to have a Star Wars film produced every 2-3 years.
That's means we had to suffer from more Jar Jar Blinks...
^
I can only hope for it taking place in the Old Republic.
Kammerjunk: oh dear sweet luna -_(\
What I wanna know is who is going to be acting Luke, Leia and Han Solo.
Kammerjunk, don't give them ideas to make time travel canon
:<
Hey, if there's going to be a new Star Wars film, I want to see the Jedi Wars.
Jedi Civil War*
I think Episode VII, VIII, and IX are the sequel trillogy, and I don't know much of the Star Wars universe...
I want some Revan and Malak up in these films.
Well they've already stated they'll do another three involving the cast from Star Wars IV onwards no?
Eh. I would not see a chatventure as an rp, but I can see how it would turn into that very easily.
sorry not the cast
the characters
And that would be against the rules fo sho.
Sundaysmile: Then I'll be glad to see Ewan McGregor again.
Besides the characters, the Lightsabers, the Death Star, and...Jar Jar Blinks... *facepalm*
I doubt I could come up with anything really interesting anyways.
AT LEAST THE SEQUEL TRILLOGY BETTER BE AS GOOD AS THE ORIGINALS! :[
I dunno, I like McGregor. I just think he had a case of bad writing.
but isn't everyone in the original films old
It's very rare that a sequel tops the original these days
i was gone there what is happening all of the sudden?
and disney's sequels don't seem to make the cut...
Sundaysmile: That's because nostalgia is a cruel mistress.
@__@
Netsplit?
indeed
Well, to be fair, after SWTOR, it's an act of mercy to put the franchise out of its misery
looks like it..
I kind of want to play KoTOR now.
though it could've been worse... it could've been bought by 4kids entertainment or something
http://7.asset.soup.io/asset/3851/6887_c1e9.jpeg
Oh lol
LOL
INB4 Mickey Mouse is main character in Star Wars VII.
Does this work?
though to be honest I've not been the biggest fan of the marvel shows they've produced lately
?
Just checking if I was actually connected
I got disconnected like 3 times already
Was there a netsplit?
Kammerjunk for now
Whats wierd is ive yet to have tne netsplit get to me
theyll change it once the fanboys stop crying
that's odd
darth mickey
when I first signed in it was just the two SRs and my other computer
I'm surprised they haven't taken a cue from EA. If it doesn't hurt income, it's probably fine.
Guys. Calm down about the acqusion....sorry for the typo, but really, chill phils.
Hey, I'm just sayin'. I'm sure Star Wars VII will be at least as good as the prequels.
I connected directly to charizard and it seems to have stopped, so maybe it's just a shaymin problem?
Kammerjunk, you're right, it's good to manage your expectations
Dat SB.
/me glomps Kammerjunk
11,02Moo o.o
Moo indeed, good sir.
11,02Happy Nightmare Night ^-^
woot
oh, nightmare night is today?
Aloa Everyone :)
Moo NewSpookyBronyU :3
11,02I've been a good pony so the Great Pumpkin is going to give me presents tonight :D
http://e.asset.soup.io/asset/3851/6126_7c53_500.jpeg
Inb4 kidnapping and candy ransom
Billion.
NewSpookyBronyU: an early WiiU? :D
11,024 million? lol
RainbowAsh: o u
11,02MadSurge: Dat would be cool ;3;
NewSpookyBronyU Will you go for a Trick or Treat round in your neighbourhood?
I hear it was in the billions
11,02VenHur: Yesh, I heard about it :3 They're coming out with Episode 7 in 2015
VenHur: no...it was 3 billion..
NewSpookyBronyU: And Episode VIII and IX.
Nope, 4.1.
Rougly.
11,02ekips: Maybeh o.o However, I might be staying home to give out candy. We're expecting 600 kids to visit our house this year.
Oh wow.
4.1a and one half
Inb4 episode 7 is WAY better than the second trilogy anyway :D
NewSpookyBronyU: So be prepared for more Jar Jar Blinks and "NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!".
inb4 massed fan rage after release :P
600 kids? Usually, noone visits my home for trick or treat
Well, it's not done yet, so so far, it as good as the prequels.
11,02Jar Jar Binks is Disney's favorite character because he's the comic relief :D
Pfft, yeah right...
INB4 Jar Jar Binks as main character.
^ FUCK NO!
ANYTHING BUT NOT THAT!
NewSpookyBronyU: I guess there must not be any Trunk or Treat things around you. Around me all the church trunk or treats steal all the trick or treaters and no one goes door to door anymore. Haven't had a single one in four years
Well, I'm going to go eat whatchamacallits.
Kammerjunk: :D that would be a suicude
Fritters? I think they're called fritters.
*suicide
You know, the ones you shower in jam and icing sugar.
11,02J_E_Smith71: D:
And I am off again. Bai
connected to charizard? what do you mean?
hi amu-chan
i need to find a GF like Vinyl Scratch, off the walls, normal people r boring and slow
Chat is awfully quiet... atm
AHAHAHA Ayejay.
Hello. ^-^
The servers are named charizard and shaymin
?
Hai ;3
oh
Hello, Jmo. :)
is something special planned for Halloween?
Hello, everyone. :)
so instead of doing /server irc.epic-chat.net like usual to connect, I did /server charizard.irc.epic-chat.net
Lil_B: A TF2 session, and hopefully some scary story readings
hello AJIsAwesome :)
Lil_B: I think it's the art contest, too.
/me hugs Lil_B :)
Heya AJIsAwesome :)
I think about 90% of the time I connect to Charizard automatically...
/me hugs Jmo and Brovakiin|Assassin :)
J_E_Smith71 sounds good, hopefully I'll be able to get on the server :)
hi AJIsAwesome ^_^
Going to go catch the bus, see you guys later tonight
it always puts me on shaymin
/me hugs AJIsAwesome back :3
/me hugs BladedWings :)
then I get netsplits
=/
see ya J_ ... gone
/me hugs AJIsAwesome back
I wonder how it decides which one to use
/me huggles AJIsAwesome back :3
The servers must have relationship issues, they keep breaking up and getting back together. XD
woah wtf AJIsAwesome got popular all of the sudden
???
hahaha
I just said hello. :)
everyone wubs AJIsAwesome :3
I don't.
Confound my fucking internet
/me hugs AJIsAwesome
So useless
Jmo: Oh, you! :D
Never will. :>
:3
MisterSkids nicle people will get the Wubs they deserve :3
/me hugs ASoftFluffyThing back :)
da da chish
lol
hello Serenity
man i wish i had that drum cymbal sound to play
An brilliant
My laptop is stuck on BIOS
Can't even boot off a disk...
i dont mean to sound pathitic or sappy, i just never had a GF, im very picky and im very strange so i repel normal poeple like bug spray to bugs
nermnermnermnermnerm
/me hears crickets in the background
0,5Ohey
Bacooon
Bacooooon
Gotta get down with bacon.
0,5Ew
hello
:>
0,5I hate that tune
0,5:P
I hate abcon.
GOOD!
Bacon*
Hi, artist. :3
0,5*bocon
abcon
hey BaconMane r u the same bacon from celestiaradio?
Hillo everypony! :)
Hi, Fluttershyfan158. :)
hey Fluttershyfan158
0,5I have no affiliation with Celestia Radio >.>
Hiya BaconMane
I nazi'd myself, can't nazi a nazi
ahh
And now steam won't pissing connec
Hau Fluttershyfan158
Fuuurgh!
0,5Fachk
and hai BaconMane :3
Hang on a sec..
0,5So today has been awesome for me
how come BaconMane ?
Is that sarcasm?
0,5For halloween day at school I went as Buford T. Justice and It was awesome. Everyone loved my outfit
back..Damn ads..
BaconMane: Nice! :D
hahahahahaha, hes funny
hi BaconMane and Fluttershyfan158
gtg take a shower before work
Bacon Mane? Is Flim here or Flam?
Ahhh 1.4.2 technical mod set hacked together from the FTB launcher
my world is nearly complete
Nevermind.
Chrysalis: Fuck the buildings?
your trying to fuck up normal world now? you evil Chrysalis
Feed The Beast
Ooh
Close enough
Any kingdom heartsfans here?
and now for ee3
and hopefully forestry as well
Only adventure explore athon game I play nowadays is Junk Jack for the iPad
I huess not..
For a halloween dare I decided to head to mlp Confessions...Holy crap..
thats a good way to put it
Fluttershyfan158: How many people want to murder you?
Hmmm, wonder if i could get a server going like this
none..just...r34 and clop everywhere..it's horrible..
Fluttershyfan158: Go to the MLP Concession Stand instead.
Just realised, not seen Wrek in a while, is he well?
Is thist another shock tumblr?
Fluttershyfan158: are you scarred for life? :)
OH COME ON
It takes 3 minutes to join a server
Instant disconnect
indeed..Shining armor and Twilight just...NOPENOPENOPENOPENOPE
The only thing i heard from him was from Shizu. She said that he was still working on Vivi's mane for her.
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Discussion: Who Do You Want to See Discorded?
Fluttershyfan158: we will get you a lobotamy, thats what friends do :D
Gona sleep now.
Is Phase4 awake?
artist: I want to forget, not be a vegitable
/me takes a nap on AJIsAwesome 's head
.......
HAH.
Aww, this is retarded
Fluttershyfan158: pffft,nearly the same
.....nope they are not.
i only went becasue of the Pony Confessions Simulator that I saw one youtube...GOd damn
If you want, I link you the video..
Fluttershyfan158: and what was that contraption?
link away
Oh I can't be arsed
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e58DCj9Zrdw
Guys, I have a scary story: In the future, there will be 1000 TV channels, but NOTHING TO WATCH!
DUN DUN DUN!
Dinkleberg!
DINKLEBERG........
Fluttershyfan158: but, the video u linked me had nasty scary pictures...'
You don't say!
Another: Someone actually greenlighted Jersey Shore as a TV show!
DUN DUN DUN!
It has censored stuff..
Ping timeouts can be annoying...
Here's a scary story, In the futre..MLP WILL BE GONE!
LIES!
THOU DOTH LIE!
Meh.
Hem.
Fluttershyfan158: the censoring doesnt stop my imagination dammit"
ehm
Hermit.
Crab.
bak
Fish.
TAKE THAT BAK Fluttershyfan158
Cakes.
Salami.
Bologna.
say something nice to make me feel better
Ayejay.
Jaymoo.
Pondoo.
oodnop
Fluffeh
?
I need to build a diamond pipe sorting tree, where each branch is a teleport pipe. I could teleport everything to the proper place - condensers, scrap makers, macerators, etc.
Pillow
Jmo: yes.
HAI :3
Just for quarries; nothing complicated like Duncan...
Ok..here's a different scary story..In the future, Honey Boo Boo will go on for 10 seasons!!
YES! Finally I'm not drawing anymore
SpeccyRush: Hooray! :)
/me wets himself at Fluttershyfan158's story
hi guys
chat seems... strange today
Yeah =/
Hi, Eli. ;)
This time I just closed my laptop though :P
*:)
In the future, Israphel will have died of old age waiting for episode 50, and episode 200 will still be jafa-less!
Must be Nightmare Night.
DUN DUN DUN!
but you wanna hear a really scary story? warning, you might cry!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9vyE5IjT0w thats me laughing right now
But when I'm on my phone I get them all the time
That would do it. XP
The cutie mark crusaders will wander through ponyville forever without cutie marks..
SpeccyRush: Get some rest. :D
Okay, I had this scary story for all.
MLP:FIM gets canceled! Muahahaha!
:O
;~;
IMPOSSIBRU!
that's a scary story
Cupcakes... are good >_> <_<
Jmo You called?
ren and stimpy man brings bak memoires
Oh jeez.
I used to have a computer that because it had a horrible wireless adapter, it would ping timeout regularly.
I didn't mean to literally call you guys
Just me and Ayejay having a talk.
In the future, Justin Biber and Rebbeca Blac k are married...and they're kid...SINGS WORSE!
Y'know
Fluttershyfan158: dat ending
AHHHHh
Am I the only pony who loves Grimdark?
but I still wub you both ;3
:3
Reminds me of my family's old Vista desktop
AJIsAwesome: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=23kdeh06G18 no
i dont mind it, i think its funny
VenHur: :'( that made even fluttershy cry
^^
i have no idea wat that is Fluttershyfan158
loljks I wub no-one.
:>
/me twitches
vinyl stull wubs u
that thing had so many wireless problems even though the router was only a room away
MisterSkids: then you dont want to know! :D
...Oh, don't worry...I had MORE to tell... HA HAH HA HA HA HAH HAAA!
Grimdark: Cupcakes, Rainbow Factory, and a series of scary pony stuff..
...So...who likes to hear them?
Fluttershyfan158: i have nothing against grimdark, it just doesn't fit ponies one bit
i seen both raonbow factory and cupcakes to my horrow
I luv cupcakes..
Fluttershyfan158 Just be careful bringing that up. Kinda is poking the rules by bringing it up here in mane chat
...so apparently I got 100% on that paper I was complaining about a couple weeks ago
I has licorice :3
Oh..nv
Fluttershyfan158: have you heard micthemicrophone read them? its hilarious
nevermind
I heard that Mic The Microphone is a jerk..
I'm pretty sure it was nowhere near that good because I just wrote it at the last minute and didn't care...
At one point I had both the computer with crappy wireless, and a computer with much better wireless running at the same time and connected to the same IRC network, and I would get ping timeouts with the one while the other would still be working fine.
and why did he have to go and name it cupcakes, i thnk he was making sure EVERYBODY remeber that dammed movie
movie...?
its a...youtube video now
ODNT WATCH IT
dont*
dont watch what?
MisterSkids: they should show it for halloween :3
I had a scary story...in the future...Jar Jar Blinks is the main character...IN ALL OF STAR WARS, BECAUSE LUKE SKYWALKER DIED FOR NO SUDDEN REASON!
Mwa ha ha ha ha haaa!
Snow Cupcakes
I don't like Cumcakes and Ronbow Factory :(
meh
pfft, watched it long ago, i was STILL laughing, micthemicrophone made it that way.....
not that bad...
VenHur: yeah, he was planed to be in the remake
guys, there is comming a star wars episode 7 in 2015
Eli: But they didn't, right?
artist: And 8 and 9.
i listened to micthemicrophone read a story about RD falling in love with a sink, so DAM funny
probably
computer problems..back..
artist: really?
hi all
i dont see what's so bad about cupcakes, its just a fic.
Hey
Hi!
MisterSkids: i found that one highly disturbing, i find most of his stories HIGHLY DISTURBING
its a youtube video now and quite horrorifing
artist: well now Georgy just wants our money. he said he would never make the last 3 parts...
I haz another Scary Story: Spike will eventually leave Twilight when he grows up..
Eli: he sold it
no worse
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: The Great and Powerful Trixie Presents: The Gameloft Game
he will eat her.
lol @ random resume emails in my inbox..
Fluttershyfan158: if Twilight doesn't die first :|
Fluttershyfan158: shut up! it will never happen!
Bronystate planning on streaming anything spookeh tonight?
artist: ...ouch. they should have just made all 9 in the beggining
damn right
Sundaysmile: well they streamed Scratches and Left for Dead last two nights, so...
So...while the buffer show is going on...what's to talk about...maybe some horrorific nostalgic memories?
does anyone here got the game The Heist?
Is scratches a Vinyl Grimdark?
Not me.
Aight I'm off, toodles Ayejay, Pondoo and Flufffeh~
>.< i hate hot glue so much right now
errr... why?
it just went all over my hand.
VenHur: horrific nostalgic memories you say?
run it under the hot tap before it hardens
hey guys
i managed to get it all off in time.
but it really hurted
Hi Cades!
sup
jaaaaaaaaaaaa
ohai pony pepple
being tired, you?
Hi, IshFrankenPony. :)
Trying to find something to do before work
/me isn't celebrating Halloween
I guess the answer is more work :P
IshFrankenPony: bad for you
I have to write an FAQ for using some software and upload the screenshots I took
Sonic has 50 cent corn dogs..Jackpot.
My family doesn't celebrate Halloween. I'm glad.
ah
interested in hearing about it?
Sure
Kammerjunk: go away, it said you were away, dissapear!
I am not away!
OK, so there are lots of wiki spam bots out there who register on mediawiki based sites and spam their links everywhere
i wish this town did, its really sad to see this place now.
You're delusional, artist!
If you just change the username field name from the default to something stupid, they can't figure out how to register
0,5ATTENTION VIEWERS
in the account creation page.
yes?
Hello, Ser Bacon.
/me stands to attention
go on tasty bacon
/me is attending
haha, nice
yep?
O.o you got my attention now
Eeyes?
Yes.
also I decaled my little laptop :P http://i.imgur.com/XIuO2.jpg
O_O
inb4 "That is all, Thank You"
PANDA!
sudden red text
0,5I will be announcing the winners of the art contest soon
0,5So stick around!
Yay! :3
Oh, cool.
/me glomps Panda
lol, where did you get that?
0,5And grab the artists if you can :P
Good luck to all entrants
DAMN YOU!!!
BaconMane, shouldnt you wait till everyone else is here though?
grab artist eh?
Snow ^^
/me grabs artist.
/me grabs artist
/me gropes artist
/me grabs an artist
i'm gonna change my name because of uou guys.....
thistle bee ace
yay free slaves!
Yay!
ebay
/me grabs an artist and herself
/me does naugthty things to artist
how do you grab artists?
.....
its actually a car decal but i didn't want to stick it on my truck because i will probably sell it soon.
IshFrankenPony: BAD!
rope and a harness SpeccyRush
also help to have baitr
bait*
btw, Snow ^^ how are you today hun?
SpeccyRush: easy, all you have to do is take a cup of flo- wait wrong thing
I don't know what happened, but my Browser derped, and now Youtube got it's old look back xD
Hey all.
I have a friend who says I should get a Justin Bieber decal on my car...
hey Randomnerd
artist :(
Has anyone heard from others in NYC?
According to him it will get me hired instantly at any job if the interviewer sees my car
hallo Randomnerd
Hi, Randomnerd. :)
I'm outside of NYC, we were lucky, not much damage.
hmmm, youtube reccomends me today
not much and i live about 100 miles away
I don't see the logic in that.
go to bed IshFrankenPony
all reccomended are slender vids
seems legit.
I don't either, he's just weird
-I'm using my laptop in my library.
but artist, we're already in my bed
Power at my house is out right now.
0,5Panda: If they aren't here, they will be told and I will announce it on the front page!
IshFrankenPony: BAD PERSON HUMAN THING!
artist whats a human?
IshFrankenPony: its a you
artist no, imma pony
going out trick or treating or what??? :P
He's the kind of person who chose to come from California to go to a tiny school in Minnesota because he liked the mascot
Panda: not so great, got hot glue over my hand a couple of minutes ago, im typing with one hand as we speak.
whats a you?
I gotta go, though. Hope you're all doing well.
Haha, no...
I'm hoping we won't get trick-or-treaters at my apartment
I didn't buy any candy
sup everyone and cya later Randomnerd
...I thought the html on the school comp would be much better than this
put up a note that says "no candy, go away"
Domo!
for the sake of conversation I saw skyfall today XD
/me glomps Domo
Hi, Domo! :)
Hi, BroHoof. :)
Hai Domo :)
pot80: and it sucked?
Because this chat dimension is horrible. I probably gotta wait until I get home x_x
hayah Domo
It's like a rectangle
Hello, everypony
but Hi c:~
http://www.foxnews.com/us/2012/10/31/ohio-college-group-leads-campaign-against-racially-insensitive-halloween/?test=latestnews
Hai GreenPony
Hi, GreenPony. :)
Oh no how terrible, racially insensitive costumes.
i gtg to work guys ill be bak later
it was ok artist though a bit different from the usual bond stuff
Domo: we need the streamsies, you will bring us the streamsies, right?
hey GreenPony
ugh, not this crap again
I'll saee you guys when I get home. -forever hugs all of you-
Bye MisterSkids
hiyah GreenPony
I came here to tell you guys about another Brony...
that was a thing last year and it turned into a meme because it was so stupid
See ya
He's....kinda...sad...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tSdSemAMzdY
GreenPony: Sad as in depressed sad?
lol
hmm, speaking of glomping, how would a glomp be if you did a sonic rainboom while flying at that person?
Domo :D
AJisAwesome: yes, very depressed
you would split them in two Snow
Snow: They would die?
http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/190/777/tumblr_ltk35utcXR1r2lpxeo1_500.jpg
Snow :/ how come you got hot glue on your hand?
Sundaysmile: that scared the shait outta me
hahahahahah
Sundaysmile why not thankyou for being a friend by andrew gold :(
2spookeh4u
I saw his post on a fan fiction site recently, and read his latest post, it was the sadest thing iv ever heard from him
What was the post about?
Panda: im currently working on a costume atm, also known as a fursuit, but i call it a pony suit.
Il just post the link and you can read it there
http://www.fimfiction.net/blog/76776
yeeeeeees GreenPony yeeeeeeeeeeeeees
Spooky scary skeletons~
Wow, this is the worst form ever
too bad i didn't finish my pic for the art contest may as well just finish it later
Copy/Cut/Paste is not available in Firefox? Really?
artist why is it bad that I don't celebrate halloween?
GreenPony: he's not shitting you, is he?
IshFrankenPony: idk, i was bored <_<
artist: I don't think someone would right something that sad to get recognition
GreenPony: that would be rather....inconvienient
artist: No kidding
I already posted a reply to the post telling him to cheer up, but I don't think it would be that east
*Easy
Ehhhh?
/me Sighs
/me gives bicyclerepairman a bike that's so badly damaged, not even the greatest bicycle repairmen can fix it
/me silence?
Yep.
All of the software my school uses is terrible
GreenPony: pffft, i've lived through depression, he is not likely to go insane
Snow :D you work on fursuits? AWESOME!
unless he genuinely has a mental illness artist
I think it's going to make me upload files one at a time too... wow
artist: That doesen't mean he is still not sad
Panda: yeah, but they are really expensive
who's sad?
Sundaysmile: we may only pray?
I don't know why but i've really been obsessed with this song lately http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrFQvGtRzYA
Panda: like, $2100 average if you do a whole bodysuit
pot80: its because its a song
and those are just the prices for the materials
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/10/31/FxvgjTJXxEyitfDzYtThIA2.jpg
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire, Part 1" airs in 9 days, 19 hours, 16 minutes, 19 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
the price goes down if you are manly enough to wrestle the fur off of a bear
pot80: where have i seen that guy before? was he on Voice UK?
9 days guys
nope I dont think so Eli
nine.days 0.0
Snow... you are awesome ^^
15:00 UTC??? what's that in GMT?
Panda: im not awsome, im just Snow. your average person.
its 10am eastern
Gah, even dA isn't safe from S3 spoilers. :D
nothing is
That's true. :P
pot80: ooooohhhh he was on buzzers with David Tennant!
thats why the only site i go on is bronystate
artist I kind of get what you said but not XDD
Oh yeah I remember that one Eli that was definately my favorite never mind the buzzcocks :P
http://imgur.com/1E0Ch,mru4A,SmrFW,0NfAz,5kYpt
well pot80, the song itself, is a song, wich therefor makes it a song, right? thats why the song is obessesive, because the song is....a song!
pot80: yeah! i love how David makes fun of them with coldplay songs
wow, installed windows 8 last saturday, my bsod counter is at 6 so far
ASoftFluffyThing: nice house ^_^
artist well I listened to justin beiber and that definately was'nt obsessive
BladedWings, that was the storage shed
it looked like a house...sue me XD
pot80: yeah, but that wasnt a song, but that other song, THAT was a song
/me sues BladedWings
Howdy y'all!
Hi, Everlasting_Joy! :)
Heya Everlasting_Joy
i know something even better then sueing
hello Everlasting_Joy and Eli
/me calls upon Phoenix right to help in the case
/me places sentry
and the fact that catherine tate is so ignorant in that episode Eli
hi Everlasting_Joy
>:3
heyah Everlasting_Joy
Why is my internet being so shit?~
Sentry goin' up!
Snow: Objection!
Howdy AJIsAwesome, ASoftFluffyThing, Lil_B, BladedWings and pot80!
pot80: oh yeah... how can you play in that show and not know that stuff?
pot80: NOW YOU GET IT! right?
No Stream?
GO D'AW
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lmw4lzjEqD8
yes artist I get it but im being smothered in conversation so I couldent reply to your last comment sorry :P
Hi
BladedWings: i had hotglue on my hand, your argument is invalid
Vordox: :3
pot80: oh, so you want me to explain it again? OK!
Vordox, why :D
heyah CCCP
Hi pot80
Howdy CCCP!
ASoftFluffyThing: Why do you like POnies?
Vordox, because they're awesome
Vordox: omg sooooo cute!
=3
Anyway, OFF TO THE INTERNET
Hi Everlasting_Joy
NO artist I'm perfectly absolytely positively fine with your very precise and easy to understand explanation
well pot80, the song itself, is a song, wich therefor makes it a song, right? thats why the song is obessesive, because the song is....a song!
to late XD
Time to go back to the old times...
noooooooooooooooooooooooooo
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KiQzUEc_FmI <3 I love these people.
Vordox: Back in Saint Olaf....
Hello
Vordox why not the andrew gold version :O
Hi, SpadeMagnes[R]. :)
hmmm, its not really my kind of music sorry D:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sXhWRlg2QE8&feature=BFa&list=FLF7smc0TDtWWIknqKADKOUw I love this so much
Snow: :P never is... i feel lonely with my taste of music
It's quite relaxing Eli :)
Eli: whats your kind of music then?
Eli: wuts ur tast of music?
pot80: the XX always are. love them
mine is instrumental
or just Metal
mines everything zept for country
Afternoon fluttercry :3
05,15hi people!
Eli you know who else is really relaxing... Jack Johnson!
and 1d and jb
HI, fluttercry! :)
Hi Fluttercry
hey fluttercry
Im a fan of all music but what kind of genre is Sonic music?
Snow artist: i listen almost everything. just have to like it. mostly psychadillic minimal, 80s, third wave or indie
just yes
pot80: yeah have all his albums
Let's fart.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CDZtQsS8WCg
hi Panda
bye guys
im OUT
Bye, artist :)
I'll say this. A tasteful video
Orchestral music is my favorite, tfor example Two steps from hell.
later artist
and hello CCCP ^^
that makes my day feel epic
bye artist !
Eli my favorite one of his is either breakdown or belle XD
Send in everyone
oh yeah and nobody likes you, yeah you! noone...
hey CCCP :)
05,15Classic Rock is best genre
http://youtu.be/WmO1U8_BYTQ
Hi Lil_B
Fluttercry yep :3
SpadeMagnes[R]: Which one?
EVERYONE
Everlasting_Joy: I RAISE FOR YOU!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5BOK3iQ50fY
pot80: i like holes to heaven symbol in my driveway... actally almost all
Hi thelonepony
Hi Everypony :3
Hi CCCP :)
HI, thelonepony. :)
hey thelonepony
heyah thelonepony
Hi thelonepony
ohey Vordox
How did yoe cee me come in? CCCP :O
you*
brb, getting somewthing to drink
SHAMWOOHOO
Lil_B: Oh hai
XD
thelonepony, magic.
Vordox: http://youtu.be/NSgfyJoVC1c
Vordox: Top it. I dare ya.
What he said
Or she*
I enjoy a little flight of the conchords once in a while... ok a lot...
brb watchin git Everlasting_Joy :p
Needs more Halloween music
dat Panda ^^
Ohai Invi :3
Vordox: I didn't say it had to be now silly :P.
Hi Invi
haya CCCP and thelonepony ^^
Howdy Invi!
Hi Invi
Vordox: I love this. :D
Hi, Invi. :)
hoi thar ^^
11,02One minute until Spooky Story Readings :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=endscreen&v=3PikN8pn6u8&NR=1 omg this made me laugh, even thou i dont like soccer
what is going to be read? :D
yay! :3
/me glomps NewSpookyBronyU :3
quickly before stream starts!!! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqXi8WmQ_WM
05,15Invi The Raven, and then the Silent Hill 2 novelization
Invi :3
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hSiDKt3NQzQ&feature=BFa&list=FLF7smc0TDtWWIknqKADKOUw Best Final Fantasy boss music ever
Panda :3
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R8rOGJ-5uec German minimal techno with massive bass
Everlasting_Joy: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bR-x2Go4r0Q :P
0,5Alright everyone!
PONEIS
/me dusts the cobwebs off of Nittany_Discord
0,5The results are in and we have our winners!
inb4 +m?
Hooray! :3
Yay :3
0,5Depends on how hyper you guys are :P
alternatively, inb4 'the fuck is BaconMane on about'.
Glücklichen Halloween Invi
0,5If chat stays quiet, then there is no need to +m ^.^
oh my stream :O
best background music for winner anouncement ever
0,5Well, relatively speaking >>
Well this will be a nice send off for my last bronystate stream for a week till I get back for my cruise...
Bye bye everyone
bye CCCP
Bye, CCCP :)
05,15and then BaconMane's announcement overshadowed my reading
bye CCCP
Bye CCCP :)
Take care CCCP :)
0,5I told you guys I was doing it today >:I
SpeccyRush, :D we here actually say Happy Hallowwen :D
Vordox: I admit defeat.
لسعفًسد سعع بدا
/me glomps Brovakiin|Assassin :3
bye CCCP
/me huggles thelonepony :3
...Needs more Homer Simpson.
11,01Pahvi: Speak english, please.
y do I hear things double?
Sry layout button on phone :)
11,01Oh, OK.
11,01No problem.
dat talking
Invi: I'm practicin' what I know.... even though its probably botched somwaht >.>
Smells like Poe in here
Ah. THe stream.
And im not arabian (allahuakbar!)
Pahvi: where are you from? o.O
/me 11,01dresses Panda as a maid
Finland
Barb|SoMuchBLOOD: *rimshot.
Nittany_Discord! :)
Pahvi: ah
SpeccyRush, happy was translated correctly ^^
Nittany_Discord: 6_9
05,15Dat screw up
is the stream paused or do I just have awful internet connection XD
0,5Okay change of plan ._.
This a speed readthrough??? You read as fast as Slim Shady
0,5I will be announcing in about 7-10 minutes :3
me thinks fluttercry was nervous evermore
O_O
fluttercry how long is the Raven? Or this Video?
fluttercry: you talk fast :O
/me turns on timer
11,01Oh OK.
O_o
05,15like 7 minutes. and btw. the power was flickering so I was trying to finish before it went out
xD
ah
11,02Didn't Tim Burton write this or something?
o.o
Oh dat bish! Dressed me like a maid and then left? O_O
Yay readings \:3/
fluttercry: Adds to the mood? :3
Edgar Allen Poe.....
and ohai everyone :)
NewSpookyBronyU, get out.
NewSpookyBronyU: O u :D
11,02:<
Hi, AdamTheDuck. :)
/me pokes Maid_Panda :D
Hi AdamTheDuck :)
Hello AdamTheDuck!
11,02ASoftFluffyThing: But...but...i liek it here ;~;
hai AdamTheDuck
"Quote the Raven 'Eat my shorts!'"
Hey MadSurge Maid_Panda and AdamTheDuck ;)
Lil_B ^^ hello there
NewSpookyBronyU, I keed I keed *hands you a box of Pinkie Pie*
11,02:D
/me plays with all the Pinkie Pies in the box
Pinkie pies?
damn my internet has taken the metaphorical dump
is the stream slow or am i o.O
there cant be more than one
/me hides the cloning machine >.>
<.<
nevermore
Who here know's of The Living Tombstone?
I do.
who doenst?
ok, can'T write now, need both hands to eat now xD (Pineapple ^^)
GreenPony, what about him?
Thanks, fluttercry. :3
im typing with one hand
05,15yaaaay it's over I can now nuke that from orbit and forget it existed >.<
:3
yay freezing sto- wait... damn
Excellent fluttercry!
lol
Invi: Nothing, I just wanted to know if anyone else has heard of him :/
fluttercry: It wasn't that bad. :D
aww don't do that fluttercry
fluttercry: I meant it was a great reading.
it was a little quick, but like you said, you were on a deadline
11,02Here's the link to it so everypony can watch it later :)
GreenPony, i guess he even published a rockstar song. not sure if he or eurobeatbrony
NOW PLAY IT IN FAST FORWARD SO HE SOUNDS LIKE A CHIPMUNK!!!!
11,02^
:D
Sup guys?
evenin' everypony
hai Malavolent
Hi Malavolent :)
Hi SirGanjalf :)
hi Malavolent
Hello Malavolent
Malavolent paddle boarding?
0,5Alright guys!
and SirGanjalf
pot80: Well, why not?
:O Mummy pony!
0,5It's the moment that a small percentage of you have been waiting for!
Better remove that vid quick Fluttercry, I have audacity and a lot of time on my hands :P
BaconMane: You a new mod?
BaconMane: >7-10 minutes
0,5>:I
/me holds his breath
Malavolent: HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Hi, Malavolent. :)
Invi GreenPony The Song "Discord" made itto the Rockstar Game, it was made by Eurobeat , but the version that got up is the Remix of this soing by Tombstone
hey Malavolent :)
Malavolent: /)
Malavolent ok then lets go supping XD
0,5I'm going to ignore that
Malavolent: it's LordCelestia.
BaconMane is/was LordCelestia, guys >>
Actually lol'd so hard XD
0,5ANEWAYS
Come on guys, I know it's LC, I did it for the lulz.
and hi ScootaChicken and SirGanjalf !
A-NEIGH-WAYS
Lil_B, the remix got in? nice
inb4 +m
BaconMane: Stop confuzzling everyone and just change your nick to Elsie.
Sundaysmile: whinny whinny neigh neigh
What's going to happen anyway?
Invi I love Eurobeat, but the Remix is probably the most well kjnown song in the Fandom :P
it is
sooooo downloaded slender just for today :) let's check that out
0,5(And if people don't chat so much I don't have to +m :P)
11,01I would +m
yeah
whats +m?
Eli: Make sure you play $20 mode. :D
+m
0,5Im inspired
yeah _m
Mod only speak
11,02+moo
0,5+mom quiet pls
Ded.
0,5anyways
0,5Let's begin by showing off the top three!
0,5http://i.imgur.com/wP2EG.jpg
13oh my
0,5http://i.imgur.com/06CNQ.jpg
11,01Yay.
0,5http://i.imgur.com/ZiahI.jpg
13that's not luna
13YOU LIED
0,5Oh quiet U
0,5*gives Shizu cookies
11,02lol
11,01Am I going to ban nick changes?
11,01*have to
0,5Everyone stahp pls
11,02*eat cookies
0,5We have attackwithhugs, with a Mike Myers pony
0,5http://i.imgur.com/Vh2Jh.jpg
Woah! Why is my pic on the stream? O.o
11,01Because you won the art contest.
Oh cool :o
0,5We have SpeccyRush, who gave us an interesting scenario
0,5http://i.imgur.com/c74nZ.jpg
11,01It is.
11,02Love the Derpy dressed up as Applejack ;3
11,02Especially the paper cutie mark ^-^
Hopefully they will continue now :3
0,5We've got SketchTokuBrony who drew up his OC dressed up as one of the kamen rider characters. I wouldn't be the one to ask >>
0,5http://i.imgur.com/pAPvI.jpg
activity ?
11,01I guess +m in main has brought up activity here.
0,5ALSO, although this wasn't eligible for voting, we got a cool minecraft display from *I only know their email name and don't want to give it out unless they say so*
0,5http://imgur.com/gecQr,mD5CO,lUAf3,fC8JB,D8SPO,TdLJ9,QX4ns,ZxM4r
0,5There's a gallery highlighting all of the stuff he built in there!
0,5It's a spooky cinema!
11,02You can all talk now :)
0,5Not done yet.
05,15trolololo
0,5All of you will recieve a special place on our website for a good while, and the top three winners get to choose their prizes some time in the coming days. (not done >:I)
0,5I will also post the winners on the front page momentarily for those who missed it, and will announce when the images get displayed on our website.
0,5Thank you, and enjoy the stream to come
/me faints
yay ^_^
0,5Shush you >_>
Congrats to the winners~
Malavolent: Since AGES
omg Panda, that was AWSOME
Yay :$
Brb, chat derped
Sucks I can't draw. I'd of entered.
Panda :D
Congratulations! :)
Anyway, I was expecting Cadence as my favourite alicorn. I'm a dissapoint.
^
Panda Picture was gOOOOOooood!!
i liked the Mike Myers and the Kamen Ryder ponies
I thought it was michael Myers? :P
Because I'm a grammar nazi bastard
11,02And now, Silent Ponyville :)
I would have liked to make like a Pixel Picture, but School is killing me atm :/
11,02As read by, Ghosties
Does anyone have the darwinia OST?
i thouht it was shrek
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mcmjugiDqt1qemas4o1_500.jpg
05,15Nooo it's actual Silent Hill! Not the fanfiction
I'm no artist, so I didn't compete :P
Popcorn, anyone?
THAT'S IT GABE NEWELL FOR PRESIDENT
11,02Really?
CrimsonPhoenix: :D
World War 2, episode II.
13soulrider95: \o
Malavolent Don't mind if I do
11,02Okay, so this is Silent Hill :P
Gabe Newell: 2012.
woo silent hill
you can't have war if you surrender :P
Shizuka: Where did you get it?
CrimsonPhoenix why? Steam for Linux?
Lil_B, No World war 3
he can guarantee it
dat buffer
^
Double restart! Yeargh!
RaveBrony ^^ Marvelous picture btw! Do you have a DA?
louder pwease ^^
CrimsonPhoenix I don't undertsnad it, but I'm ok with it xD
......
Invi: turn volume up? XD
Lil_B, Half life 3
someone get this man a better mic
man I wish I had mine written up by now
CrimsonPhoenix ? Is it announced or what?
pot80, nah, then my boxes explode when i start a youtube video after this or so ^^
......
I give up
CrimsonPhoenix: Poor you.
CrimsonPhoenix ok than xD
Lil_B: GabeN has said that Episode 3 is in the making
00,10hmmmmmm, getting buffers
Invi good poitn i always end up half deaf after watcbhing a movie on my tv and then switching back to bbc :P
*poin
*point :P
^^
Shizuka: I can't find where I can buy the soundtrack anymore D:
Serenity he has said that it was "In the making" for quite while now, he sjust stopped mentioning it altogether for the last 2 years or so, anyway I guess thats a discussion for anothe rtime :P
Mary? wasn't that Silent Hill 2?
yeah
Lil_B: Well he confirmed this year that there will be a third one at some point
Serenity: 21.12.2012?
Malavolent: No :L
slender... well... got 5 pages before sudden cardiac arrest :P
monster emerges. dispatched
*heart attack
'ey Slendamann, Saul Slendamann
Slender 2 will be out probably by the end of the year
I was too afraid to even start playing Slender.
Sundaysmile: and this time it will have a DIFFERENT PIANO KEY! OMG
I don't like these kinds of games.
MadSurge: he only startled me once really... he sat in the freaking back of the truck the page was on... damn didn't see him till i was really close
you should play Cry of Fear Malavolent
Sundaysmile: Haha.
No.
how come? not like it?
/me walks in the front door, then breaks a window because some jokes have to be kept alive
?
Malavolent: don't bother, it's just jumpscare:the game
Sundaysmile: No, I just call things silly names for fun.
who's reading and what?
Ghosties. Silent Ponyville. I think.
I dislike horror games and I despise jumpscare games.
Then why are you playing Slender :P
Either that or just a Silent Hill fanfic.
Malavolent: because you get scared easily?
I said I've never played it.
So what's up, everyone?
Too scared.
Howdy Reikim!
Nothing much, Reikim. :)
MadSurge: Yeah, pretty much.
and then everyone told Reikim he won 3rd place
ah, I thought you said otherwise
How about you?
Malavolent: i don't like it either. just made an exception for halloween
my mistake
What did I miss?
AJIsAwesome! *hugs* Happy Halloween!
...Whut
WHUT
Whut
Art contest, and flutercry reading.
art contest 3rd place
...Huh
I won a contest of skill
/me throw hands in the air
MadSurge! *hugs* Happy Nightmare Night! :)
hey Reikim saw your pictures on the Art contest :)
I was just told.
Malavolent: well, you can watch LPs of those (not Slendamann, please :D )
I'm about as shocked as the rest of you.
HOW DID THAT HAPPEN
Reikim I guess "shocked" is the right adjective for today
...I'm confused
MadSurge: Well I watched 11 drunk guys playing slender etc. if that counts.
first RaveBrony http://i.imgur.com/ZiahI.jpg second panda http://i.imgur.com/06CNQ.jpg
:D
Reikim halloween, scared... sorry, my Puns are bad
prabably color
just guessing
...Holy fucksticks
Malavolent: go play House of the Dead, those games are fun and not very scary
Hey Lil_B, do you do anything special on Halloween in Germany?
ping?
The other entries must have been pretty bad.
Or L4D
RAVE
Hahaha
STOP BEING AWESOME
K?
O_o
Wow....i was actually expected to be hated for that pic
L4D is not scary at all.
here Reikim have a random vid and move on http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWMJ94yZgow
YouTube: Wukong Taunts Everyone Else (Except Rammus) By: SeymourVAA Views: 98576 Likes: 1332 Dislikes: 101 - https://youtu.be/zWMJ94yZgow
Lol
Anyway yeah, if I could I would've done colour...
hey guys
RaveBrony well that's not luna
Didn't say it was.
Malavolent: But it sure is fun :).
Hell yeah.
Malavolent nope, Halloween doesn't exist (exept that itr got injected into Society during the last decate by Capitalism...) it's basiclly copying what the US is doing
Rave, it's fucking awesome.
I wouldn't be afraid of Slender, if you could defend yourself somehow.
It's the feeling of hopelessness that scares me.
Hi Starspooky :)
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: You want me to edit it for luna? Its a simple fix of a few layers O.o
Malavolent some elementary schools organize trick or treat rounds and a few people do halloween parties. But nothing major
Reikim: Thank you so much :)
Malavolent: Let me amend that: If him finding you didn't sound like GabeN falling on a piano
Malavolent I prtefer Amnesia over Slender :3
So yeaaaah.
some people don't get jokes
I wish I'd done colour, but not enough skill or time.
Hi, Starspooky. :)
Serenity: Hah, you made me lol with that :D
Need to learn SAI. Need to get tablet.
is nittany reading?
Oh I see, so halloween is basically the same as here.
i haven't got past doing rainbow dash http://i46.tinypic.com/fbas9k.png still need to fix it and do the rest of the mane six
and the background
I started out trying to trace the image in SAI but it huuuuuurt
and stuff
whos doing the reading
Lil_B: Well I played Amnesia at my friend's place, it was quite fun when there are more of you.
hey that's what i'm doing
Trying to do computer art with a mouse hurts.
British Halloween: Bunch of nabs come to your door asking for sweets and cake, and I'm like NOOEEE
Like a bitch.
11,02twilight_sprinkle: Ghosties :)
Although it's partially my fault for insisting on conserving the sketchy art style.
Ohai Tiowilight_sprankls :3
o, thx NewSpookyBronyU
Yeah
hi twilight_sprinkle
Serenity: Since when is there a tradition of trick-or-treating in UK?
O.o
hai gaiz, and happi helloween btw :D
http://i47.tinypic.com/24y4wms.jpg actually still thinking about just doing shadows
Malavolent: Since forever
11,02twilight_sprinkle: Happy Halloween :)
Hey, art on paper beat computer art by a Long shot
Helloween to you too :P
Hm?
Had derps at my door since '99
^^ I thought ghosties would have a more sinister voice.
*beats
happy Hallowing twilight_sprinkle ^^
Right?
Happy Halloween twilight_sprinkle!
Just checking.
It's only ghosties, what did you expect? :3
shana: you celebrating Halloween?
Lil_B: We don't even call it Halloween here, it's more like "the day when you remember the dead".
Malavolent: Day of the DED
I honestly tried doing it on computer, because it would have looked really nice.
However, it was way too time-consuming.
Serenity: Well, yeah.
Malavolent and it has nothing to do with Candy or Costumes right?
Lil_B: Not at all. And I don't think that trick-or-treating will get here anytime soon.
Malavolent yeah we have that too, but on another date
Hi, twilight_sprinkle. :)
brb
Just this
http://imgur.com/2iMNa
Title on imgur.com: imgur: the simple image sharer
Took like two-three hours.
Hi Twiolight_Sprankls :3
Someone is here at the IT desk asking how to upload a youtube video
...
u alrdy said hi, tehlonpon! -50 points from gryffindor!
It looks cool but not worth the effort.
Malavolent I actually wish that we wouldn't have Trick or Treating here :/ kids can get bags ful of free candy and dress up as everything on karneval :P
I know :3
:P
Lil_B: And you're too old to do that, right? :D
hey thelonepony
but yes, hi everyone ofc :D
wow
i shall celebrate today by staying home and doing homework
hi twilight_sprinkle ^^
And cause, Im Hufflepuff all the wai twilight_sprinkle >:3
...but with cheetos!
I want some sweets
Hai twilight_sprinkle and Invi :3
Hi MadSurge :3
Fucknut children stole ALL of my cake
ALL OF IT
u make homework on halloween?
thelonepony: boo ravenclaw ftw
how are things thelonepony
Malavolent yes... actually, I could have gone just wqhen it started, but seriously, I don't think much of it
Invi: yah i got a quiz tomorrow :\
But man I wish I'd been around for that...
twilight_sprinkle: Yaaaay...
I seem to be building a habit of missing the presentations for contests I place in.
ikr
'dat Plop quiz
sholdnt be too hard though hopefully
twilight_sprinkle, you have school 1 day after halloween and what douche writes a quiz then?
Time to head out now, too bad I can't make it for all the stories ;~;
Bye AdamTheDuck ;~;
Invi: I had 2 exams on my birthday
Bye, AdamTheDuck. :)
Goodbye everyone , and happy Halloween even though we don't celebrate it in Australia. :)
Maths and MOAR maths
twilight_sprinkle: All Saints
Serenity 2 exams on 1 day? that is forbidden here ^^
twilight_sprinkle, well... that sucks ^^
i had 6 tests per day at some points in high school
Invi: If only, I think we can have something like 2-3
/me sleeps in chat
MadSurge: cool
/me sleeps on SpeccyRush
/me iz happy ^^
hey hey
Random question for everypony: How many hats do you own in TF2? :3
hoi Paspie
Hi hi Paspie
Hi Paspie :3
Anyone know who Black Gryph0n is?
Invi: Yay, happiness!
Serenity: Nonw cause i dont have TF2 :3
how are things Paspie
none*
ShadowQuill: hes the guy who makes animations on youtube iirc, the -licious ones
Serenity: what tehlonpon said :P
The hyphonlicious?
twilight_sprinkle: Indeed he is, and he commented on my YT page!
MadSurge, \:3/ wohoo
ShadowQuill: watd he say?
Anyway
Someone ping me when we start playing GAYMES
twilight_sprinkle: Hang on, I'm gonna paste it
twilight_sprinkle: He says you have to pay a bill for recieving this message
I feel up to blasting a couple (hundred) robots today...
Serenity: hm, does he take credit cards?
Serenity: :D
twilight_sprinkle: He takes cheques
Serenity: aw man, i hate cheques..
Reikim: Only a couple hundred?
Pah
twilight_sprinkle: Here you go: Sup! You ready for season 3 bro?﻿ CAUSE I SURE AM!! XD lol, peace! /)*(\ ~Gryph
lol cool ShadowQuill
My name is ShadowQuillSecond there
Gotta pace myself, Seren. I want to save a couple thousand for the weekend.
this is gettin good ^_^
People still here/
?
/me Panics because Internet is gone... sees disconnected WLan Stick >.<
Sorry, so many people are chatting with me atm x_x
That's okay.
It's usually quiet in here.
chat asleep? :3
For once.
I like it.
No. <_<
It's...peaceful.
okay ayejay >_>
^^ Its sleep, but I will wake it up with silly when I am done with homework :3
Panda: You can do it!!! :3
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Unicon Reminder: Discount Weekend Passes End Midnight Tonight
and chat is back to sleep. :3
I like it
yeah, enjoying the laid back attetude
/me meditates in the silence
I love the story so Far :3
He got kind of embarrassed and said it was "complicated"
What story is this?
Anyone got a link hanging around?
Well, I'm off to the bed. Good night everyone.
but what a Story it is... right Mark?
Night Malavolent :)
tell him the first thing you need to do is put your video into the recycling bin
We were like "Go try it again and come back if you still can't do it"
because thats where youtube looks for them
Lil_B: It sure is.
then you need to send it to youtube by clicking "empty recycling bin"
have a good morn..night Malavolent
haha, sad thing is a lot of our customers would probably believe that...
Ohay Mark
night, Malavolent. :3
night Malavolent !
people give windows a hard time about telling you to restart after updates
Ohai, Lil_B. :3
osx tells you much much more frequently.
At least he hasn't come back yet, so maybe he figured it out
Mark you are my favourite customer
bye Malavolent
Whelp, nothing much happening.
So
I'm out!
PEACE!
Lil_B: Thanks. Bye doggy!
bye Reikim
Bye Reikim. :3
/me jumps out through the window
bye reik... DAMNIT
People complain about that?
yes
Unless your computer takes forever to start up I don't see why it would matter
I dont like closing all my stuff.
but osx seriously pisses me off it reminds me every 5 minutes to restart
and you can't tell it to stop reminding you.
I just keep hitting postpone until I'm not doing anything anymore
That must be annoying
it is
at least with windows you can postpone it for like 4 hours
I have this old Mac Mini that I got from work; it's super slow so I barely ever use it
And that's the extent of my experience with OSX
Ive bitten the bullet and bought a few apple laptops
Just because I was pissed off at other stuff available.
I'm actually considering getting one as my next laptop
the chat seems ded
Ok what did I miss?
Ive had more problems with this laptop though than any other laptop i have owned
I'll just dual boot Windows
major issues where it locks up and wont do anything
And buy one used so I don't give Apple money :P
I take it your not an apple fan?
ok...
I actually do kind of like osx for productivity
I've never heard of a Mac laptop falling apart, unlike this piece of crap... :(
the gestures are nice.
swithcing around and multitasking seems more fluid.
Nothing much.
anyone up for some minecraft classic multiplayer?
It's like 50% brand loyalty and 50% not liking their business practices
Bwhauhua, saved a good piece that got deleted by youtube. :P
Vordox Fluttercrys reading?
Lil_B: No, there are many good videos that gets taken down by youtube
silent ponyville?
pot80 you mean the free version you can play in your browser?
I have to admit something though, I do own an iphone.
I just got lucky one of my favourite One Piece stuff. :p
oh :P
but the new nexus 4 is mightly tempting @ $299 unlocked
off contract
thats a great buy for a smartphone.
Lil_B: yeah the game screws over when I try using the main game :P
carrots?
I like my Galaxy S2, but it's the only smartphone I've ever owned
So I don't have much for comparison
pot80 but what do you wanna do in the classic version? you can only place blocks :P
I agree apple is not the nicest company to deal with
hi everypony :) EHRMAGERD GHOSTIES STREAM? :O
Lil_B: I dunno maby a project of some sort?
ohai everypony :3
Hi, cachi01. Nope, SB stream. :3
Hi cashieoweone :3
its 4AM in my place :D
Hi, valoreins. :)
Hi valoreins :3
hey cachi01 ! and hi valoreins !
heyah cachi01 sorry was just breaking a table hi
the screen on the retina macbook is really nice though.
cachi01: Ghosties is reading a story, but SB's streaming it.
hai valoreins
when I go use anyone elses laptop you can instantly tell the difference.
ooooooohh
chat just got u User-Injection to revive it
oh wow a fanfic reading eh
Im considering an ipad mini.
Or the 4th gen ipad… haven't decided.
probably unnessecary.
btw guys i need help, seems like my big bro got addicted to WoW, i have trouble now going to internet because he's using the pc all the time
read 40 creepypasta yesterday.........im scared of my own shadow and weird exe files now :D
I remember when you were saying the iPad was the stupidest thing ever
I'm getting "No Mercy" vibes from L4D with this hospital setting.
Everyone made fun of it when it first came out... now everyone loves it
it is stupid
valoreins: I'm sorry to say, you're screwed.
Its gimmicky.
valoreins: WoW addiction? uhmmm yeah thas iincurable
and I hardly ever use mine.
:P
then why would you buy another one? lol
Because I kind of want one with cellular connection so I can use it whereever,.
i just dont get it, i also played Wow but i never get addicted, dafuq big bro?
would make it more useful.
I dont like tethering because it sucks battery too much.
valoreins: yeah its a hell of an addiction (thinks back to worlds greatest freakout)
I have an ipad 2 i bought a while back
valoreins: Is he A RPG Type of guy?
I bought the original one too but i gave it to my dad.
thelonepony: yup
Well WoW Is A mmorpg so
YOur fuck
I don't own any tablets
your*
All I can say is... WoW! (I'm sorry I had to)
I'm considering getting one though so I don't have to lug this huge laptop with me everywhere
Scamfuckinwow :P
now i'll have less time here because of that, screw it
valoreins: Get a Computer/laptop
valoreins: I was like that for awhile, then my free trial ran out XD
that friend I was talking about before just got that Nexus 7 to replace his HP Touchpad
why did i read then my free trial ran out as but then i took an arrow to the knee?
He bought the touchpad when it was on sale for $99 and is now selling it for $130...
Eli: no, I even forgot it was today :)
cachi01: I have no idea
Wasnt the HP touchpad discountinued?
yes
No one wants to buy it from him because he went around bragging when he bought it about how cheap it was
shana: yeah, we don't really celebrate it here... shame tho
they did a firesale of them for $99
I remember
brb
I wanted to get one but everywhere sold out.
cachi01: whaaa? XD Me no understand
lol
I probably shouldive bought one too
all I got from that was arrow to the knee
and last time he was mad at me because i use the pc when he want to capture some kind of rare monster that spawn during a specific time
I tried for a few days but no luck
everyone is trying to sell them now for more than $99 and no one wants to buy haha.
cant blame them
valoreins: tell him to get Guild wars II
That's what I said
lol
So he doesnt bitch about Rare monster spawnings
Black Friday :) thats the day I'm waiting for
And then another friend told me I "don't understand economics"
okay...
pot80: he was saying that when he read what I had put up, instead of reading the last part that said "then my free trial ran out" , he thought it said"but then I took an arrow to the knee" haha
is that silent hill 2 in novel form?
lol
oh my...... look at all the zelda creepys o_O
I'm hoping for a real good deal on a tablet that day
valoreins I'm glad I dislike MMORPG's it dosent sound like a healthy addiction
I might buy a 42 inch lcd tv on black friday if there are any good deals so I can turn it into a multitouch table.
cachi01|creepypasta: if you find any good ones, care to pm them to me?
well RaveBrony care to give me an opinion on this ? http://i50.tinypic.com/eq2xdg.png
Avoid walmart that day >.>
:o Cool
I avoid walmart all the time
lol
oni_link: long journey will be long....but ok :)
my relatives went to walmart last year on black friday
I just dislike their staff.
I avoid everywhere on black friday
okie doki lokie :)
they were in line to buy something and a fright broke out
The internet is the best black friday.
ohai pony pepple
hi IshFrankenPony
i don't get why people got addicted by MMOs... i played many of those and got bored eventually
Ohai IshFrankenPony :)
I went to a fight and a walmart broke out,.
pot80: then again, console gamers think that about anything on PC
Ohai IshFrankenPony :)
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: I love it :)
Hi, IshFrankenPony. :)
/me isn't celebrating Halloween
^
^^
I use to avoid everywhere on black friday but common...you are not going to see this stuff everyday
^^^
Howdy IshFrankenPony!
I am to boring... :P
you should shorten Twilights head tho :P
I bought skylanders on black friday :D
It was such a sweet deal
/me wishes he could, but he's at college and there's nothing going on there.
oni_link hey i played minecraft and portal on mah pc XD
how so Brovakiin|Assassin ??
If it ever goes down lower than $40 I might consider buying it
http://i.imgur.com/liv8Q.png
My motto is… don't get caught up in sales because theres always going to be more sales.
oni_link: I just prefer to stay in over going to partys and what not :P
Oh wrong channel
:)
but with all that stuff it comes with I doubt that'll happen
did you mean the opposite? :P
pot80: Yeah I know, but Im just saying that that is what they think. EG: my friends
is it odd that when I here silent hill I think of coldplay's violet hill?
lol
uhh I missed it
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Story: The Haunting in Ponyville (Complete!)
valoreins: I used to be a gamer like you, then I took a GW2 to the face.
its ok, you'll get it sometime.
too much forehead ?
or just plain tall ?
._.
Hey everypony
Brovakiin|Assassin: Well its understandable, Im like that sometimes. Sometimes I just want to stay in bed all day :)
Hi, Serenity. :)
heya Serenity
Hi Serenity :)
Literally. It reached up and smacked me one and said "hey, play me".
There's never anything to do on halloween except Trick or Treating which I'm too old for or passing out candy, and we get trick or treaters in this neighborhood, so whats the point of celebrating anymore
So I was like "....k"
how are things Serenity
Heya Serenity :)
*we don't get
SR has a weird sense of humor
Fine thanks
:P
Internet being a fuckshit as always
My connection is not passing 1 bar
extremely.
when I go trick or treating the only costume I need is a gun...
Serenity: you sharing a connection?
oni_link: No, only one at home
Tentacles?
AScaryFluffyThing
oni_link: u want zelda creepypasta or just other good creepypasta?
Wassup suckas?
Sup, HoodyVorheez?
/me glomps HoodyVorheez :3
Hai HoodyVorheez :)
Serenity: wow, could be that your router is old or doesnt put out strong signal, I have an old router and as soon as I get to my kitchen, I drop to 1 bar.
Who reading?
Hi :3
Halloween name activate
Oh oh oh! You guys should have seen the poster we had for some food here today. It was "Creepy Pasta". I'm dead serious.
Hai~
Everlasting_Nightmar: lol
cachi01|creepypasta: Hmm I havent seen any zelda creepy pasta in a while :P
Everlasting_Nightmar: Nice! :D
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Story Updates October 31 (Afternoon)
ha!
whats a creepy pasta anyway?
oni_link: wow i found a ben sequel
A pasta that's creepy
omg
BEN o.o
oni_link: actually i found like 10 ben stories :I
internet pls be original
pot80: It was a whole concoction of a pasta dish. It looked like maccaroni noodles with spinach, olives, some food coloring, some chipotle sauce and some other stuff.
Chaos_Serenity: what is new?
I found epic pic of SgtSprinkles
cachi01|creepypasta: :| nvm lol
otakon: My drinking bottle?
He's wearing very cool steampunk goggles
Chaos_Serenity: yes I suppose
ill have to remember that <.<
Everlasting_Nightmar: I checked urban dictionary you cannah fool me now
:3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WhyyTk0KHTg&feature=fvwrel
pot80: Oh you :).
Did my stream die?
"One shudders to imagine what inhumane thoughts lie behind those goggles..."
Pahvi: Do ya beleive in magic? ~
XD
Ofc :D
Hello everypony! :)
I dunno why ppl keep raging off Cupcakes
Hullo
Hi, Brony2447|SugarRush. :)
Happy bucking nightmare night!
:D
Hi Brony2447|SugarRush :3
hey Brony2447|SugarRush
...wow
hi Brony2447|SugarRush :)
Its actually pretty good story
Hai Brony2447|SugarRush
I can't tell how serious they are...
weeping angels now they were scary
so guyz what are yall doin today?
Listening to stream. :3
eating creepy pasta apparently
Just read cupcakes (again :D)
cupcakes is so overated
not even scary
Pahvi: you think cupcakes is bad?
oh oops
No
Brony2447|SugarRush: I'm doing some homework, and am somewhat tired.
As i said, it is actually a good story
HAHAHAHAHAH
no
Everlasting_Nightmar: oh.. are you going trick or treating later?
IT IS
Everlasting_Nightmar: or are you too tired?
:| so bored
Brony2447|SugarRush: Nope, but I am scaring the kids who are coming around here. Muahahah!
it is an overrated wannabe scary fic
it is just gorey, thats it
theres this halariously gory fic on ytube (struggles to refrain from naming it for fear of ban :P)
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire, Part 1" airs in 9 days, 17 hours, 26 minutes, 7 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
fucking wait
Bronysith: the key to a good grimdark is the psychological parts
less than 10 days :)
Yep. :)
Brony2447|SugarRush: there was no psychological shit
it was just "hi rainbow dash, im going to cut you up"
Bronysith: well there should be
11,01Hi.
Let me tell you the definition of insanity...
Nittany_Discord: hello aniki
Howdy, again, Nittany_Discord!
heyah Nittany_Discord
Ohai
ohai Nittany_Discord! take this corn!
/me gives Nittany_Discord corn
11,01Yum!
Hello Everypony :) what creepypasta/fic is this?
that aint no corn thats quarn!
Hi Cypresswolf :)
Apparently a classic, cupcakes!
hey Cypresswolf
i'm going to make a grimdark based on the song "Bloody Mary (Nerve Ending)"
:D This isnt cupcakes
Nice try, though :)
Hi, Cypresswolf. It's a Silent Hill story, I think. :)
its silent ponyvill unless my stream is an hour behind or something :P
Nice!
Heya Cypresswolf :P
it is the story of silent hill 2
i thought it was the novel adaptation of silent hil 2
oh shana already said it
you said it better cachi01|creepypasta :D
BRB
lol dat slender popup...wait WTF???!!
why has everyone suddenly got haloweeniy names?
It fits the mood? :)
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Sorry, had to cook dinner, uhhm, too much forehead/her face is too low :P
hell I want a haloweeny name
make one
lol
...
Use /nick and change it. ;3
*:3
ok done
AJIsSpooky: I have a hard time believing AJ is spooky. Adorable, but not spooky.
he just came at me... lol
kk i would have to re-draw her
this is so inuendo
http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/271405946/rocksmash-a-year-in-the-neighborhood?ref=live
Yeeeeeeeees my mom bought me a sugar skull
INGAI
Nice!
TF2 anyone? i'm bored
all I get is the leftover sweets from the trick or treaters who don't knock on our door
Pahvi: finnish?
Hi SoulHeart
i don't celebrate hallowen in the first place
Heloo Cades
look closely behind the tree in the ghosties pic
No
So
we never celebrate halloween in my place, but i did experience halloween during my study in Qatar
Japanese, transscripted to finnish with ear, meaning OBJECTION
Today i found out wrek is swedish
valoreins: How'd that go?
How ya doin?
HavokOC: So than what?
hey guys!
i dunno, it's like a big cosplaying event? lol
Hi, Alchemist. :)
hey the Alchemist
how are things Alchemist
exhausted as hell. I just got home.
ohai Alchemist
how are the readings? any good stories?
/me hands Alchemist a cup of tea and a hearty bowl of soup XD
uh guys, is it my pc/internet or is Youtube down?
Yup, YouTube's down.
well, thats a first.
and it's back
Hah, nope.
Gimme a link
its not down for me XDD
still down for me
it was down
well i can access the hompage, but not more
Still down for me as well.
its all wonky
502 errors all over the place.
it got spooked off the internet
Some pages seem to be working while others are down.
Eli: wait a minute /me checks videos
maybe sandy took out a server?
aw hell naw
Consarnit, Sandy.
youtube gives http/1.1 service unavailable error
FAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK
if you go directly to a video it still works though
is the sandy storm that damaging?
valoreins: dunno
Youtube has been a limp dick fuckup recently
nope im watching a vid right now
UR MOM HAS BEEN A just kidding.
Direct links work
cachi01|creepypasta: My mums in hospital :c
youtube is back up for me
/me slaps himself
you know
I was doing research
I remember seeing a spyro comic on another website, wonder if its the same thing..
She was a huge derp and broke her leg
then im terrible sorry about the stupid joke Chaos_Serenity i hope she gets well :)
Tabitha st. Germain, does Princess Luna
It was some side story to the LOS series
she also VA'd in Star Wars: Ewoks
where spyro and cynder have their own baby dragon
........lol........
that NOW makes Princess Luna a Disney Princess
?
:)
brb breakfast
Ryunosuke: Naaaah.
Ryunosuke: .............NO
cachi01|creepypasta: that looks like a castle on some plains XD
Is that all you do SR? Smash rocks?
did you guys hear about the new star wars trilogy dated for 2015?
Are you talking about Hidden Truths SoulHeart?
Alchemist: yeah we were talking bout that yesterday
http://i.imgur.com/oL3am.jpg who's the most child of the two? :D
Lol @ Ruby on Rails for games
Alchemist: what they're going to ruin star wars a second time? XD
MadSurge: Shining Armor. :D
*Ruby
Hold on, just for tonight...
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mcnp0ocEQD1r0wmpgo1_500.jpg
That guy seems like a douche...
yeah
I WILL OPERATE YOU AAAAAAAL
*L
e_e
Alchemist: well now the inevitable is a definate :P
http://images1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20080606020811/starwars/images/1/12/Young_ewoks.JPG -- Asha (T. G.) is the grey one I think
for reference
this is so embarassing i couldn't watch the whole thing. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wNzA_ZrjvKU&feature=plcp
A maze? Hopefully he doesn't run into Iron Will.
I wonder who'll be the first one to die...
okay, ihave pain in my lower colen MadSurgeon :3
hahaha
since we are showing videos..
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ciJJBjK6EUc
thelonepony: you're still too alive, come back when I can make you a two headed zombie :D
I kill chat :<
nope thelonepony
/me hug-tackles thelonepony to the ground :3
I'm not dieing that easily
/me hugs Brovakiin|Assassin back :3
woah ._.
:3
that's... probably not very safe
Who the hell's driving? That's what I wanna know
ya think?
the guy in the middle
Oh yeah, forgot to authenticate >.>
Usually my IRC client does that for me
yeah I'm on spyrochat right now haha
Yay mibbit
$150 bucks? That's better than my jobs.
GIME 150 DOLLAHS
pidgin ftw
nope :c
The comic including the dragoness Zonoya
oh how happy I feel http://i.imgur.com/Zw3fi.gif
I use to use Mirc years and years and years ago
Maybe I should use SC.com again just for old times :P
???
??? what?
He didnt stay long..
Ello everypony
bye SoulHeart ._.
Hi, Dj_Cyber-4G. :)
lol
New people tend to be impatient when no one answers them right away I've noticed
Hai Dj_Cyber-4G :)
buh bye!
im watching LOTR
yeah..
Like everyone must drop everything they're talking about and only talk to them
I was actually halfway through typing a respone :/
Hi Dj_Cyber-4G
:)
Frodo is best hobbit
hate when that happens
hay Dj_Cyber-4G (see what I did there)
11,02Mooooo :3
lol
Moo. :3
Moo?
Moooooo! :3
he left like 5 seconds after he typed that haha
/me Glomps NewSpookyBronyU :3
Moo :3
/me hugs thelonepony back :3
11,02Moooooo :3
moooooo...
/me puts a bucket of grass for cows in the chat ^^
Maybe he just timed out or something, idk
Oink.
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Drawfriend Stuff #612
Baa!
Bark im a bird :3
let's hope so
Anyways time to go home, bbl
moooooo... n?
Squeak squeak, I'm a giraffe
God I hope these people didn't mute the chat
k
THERES A CREEPY SOUND COMING FROM STREAAAM
If they did, I will kill everyone in this chatroom
gonna be idle for about 15, brb
11,02thelonepony: Birdeh O.O
Caw caww! :3
:3
k
anyways, Hello :)
Hi sonicdude558 :3
Hi, sonicdude558. :)
cooking mama creepypasta........
Hai sonicdude558 :)
wtf internet
I am so gonna kill Bacon|Away
hi sonicdude558 :)
How ya Doin' :3
This story is actually really good.
hey sonicdude558 hows it going? fast I presume :P
That is the worst stream I have ever seen from Bacon|Away
and EVER
http://i.imgur.com/4cewM.jpg
oh no
I must...
twilight_sprinkle: so cute :3
/me barfs on twilight_sprinkle
:D
twilight_sprinkle: :D
/me smacks sonicdude558
do i have a purple aura now, sonicdude558 ?
No barfing ::I
^
:I*
that was perfect timing sonicdude558
sanikdood always barfs at cuteness :P
finally someone who respects my barfing
respect the barf!
Hey guys
Guess what
AJIsSpooky: when i look at your name i always thinkg of that bit where aj goes "oooooo~"
wat?
nope :P
The internet is falling apart!
:P
D:
twilight_sprinkle: I just realized that. :D
and the chat goes silent...
yep the internets gone down the shitter XD
Hey! You guys want a sweet comic?
You're tearing me apart sonicdu- Wait, you're tearing me apart internet!
CrimsonPhoenix: not my taste thanks XDDD oh yeah lame pun!
Sites I know that are falling apart:
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mcrj46y91D1ru5991o5_1280.gif
:D thanks Invi! :3
http://imgur.com/a/rh60j well you get a "Sweet" comic anyway
Invi: I'm saving that. :D
http://derpyhoovesnews.com http://youtube.com
^^
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/10/22/Wg7iiL97n0K3ZZX5IrhvBQ2.png
o.o
Those are the 2 mane sites that are falling apart
Playing GW2, a character named Shiizuka ran past, and I was like "....waitwat" and did a double-take. XD
youtube is falling apart?
NOT DERPYHOOVES NEWS
and even the page you are looking at right now. Bronystate is falling apart.
NOT YOUTUBE
I love those guys
Relavent for this day http://derpibooru.org/137917
:3
sonicdude558: I clicked on the links and waited about 10 secs before I realised :P
thelonepony: D'AWWW :3
WHAT?
REALISED WHAT?
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Pony Comic on iTunes store, Preview Included
lol itunes
I am honored right now.
cachi01|creepypasta: that he was giving out the links for sites that had crashed XD
oh lol
http://i.imgur.com/XeqcS.png
I guess its not very special
sonicdude558, wut
wut?
Its right in front of your face
Scared my mom with a very demonic sounding burp XD
It wasnt intentional
sonicdude558: get it i dont
man the chat is slow
anyways
Thanks, CrimsonPhoenix. :)
look who its from
cachi01|creepypasta: well there was that 8 min taster of the 1st ep of season 3 that guy probably got confused
oh yeah
now i get it
I dont know how an 8 minute part of a 22 minute show is a teaser...
look who its from in the image guise
that is the point
sonicdude558: yeah Ibringdalulz
ok, chat, I thought there would be a TF2 session after this, but it's getting too late, see you all tomorrwo :)
Bye, Lil_B. :)
later Lil_B :)
There is one, though
tomorrow*
bye Lil_B !
Bye Lil_B :)
back
It's at 7PM EST.
Bye Lil_B :)
11,02Later Lil_B, and yes, at 4 PM PDT will be the TF2 session :)
^
cya Lil_B :)
/me Halloweens Goobye AJIsSpooky oni_link Alchemist Brovakiin|Assassin thelonepony NewSpookyBronyU and cachi01|creepypasta ;)
D:
/me hugs Lil_B :3
NewSpookyBronyU: Who/how does one get in on this?
*who can get in on this?
11,02Everlasting_Nightmar: TF2?
NewSpookyBronyU: Yeah
NewSpookyBronyU well, I would like too, but not when I have school tomorrow and it's almost 12 pm here :P
11,02By just being around during the play session and joining when asked to :)
Sounds good.
11,0212 PM? That's the middle of the afternoon D:
11,02Or rather, that /is/ noon ><
LOL i just found out that derpy is on the train on the intro of season 2
11,02Meant to say middle of the day XD
I'm going to go. I'm going to make DINNER so I can be here for the TF2 session.
wb
11,02Okies later Everlasting_Nightmar :)
Bye Everlasting_Nightmar :)
later Everlasting_Nightmar :)
thanks
ooo NewSpookyBronyU is doing tf2 later...i might wanna join that ^_^
damn I wish my computer could actually play tf2 :(
11,02NightmareBlade: I probably won't be playing in it >>
awww
08,01evenin' all
08,01happy Samhuinn!
Uuuuugh, i HATE being in charge of giving out candy -_-
gtg, bye
cya
man time is confuddling
08,01AJIsSpooky: nope, slightly worse
*man, time
:(
08,01hey xles, where do you live?
08,01in Scotland, we call trick-or-treaters guisers
xles: what were they dressed as?
I am getting a little annoyed with the sound in the background
I like that term more :3
lol
08,01also, is it true that in the US, kids just turn up to houses and expect sweets?
08,01because we do it slightly different here
yeahs
i heard
08,01the kids need to tell a joke or a short spooky story
Is my country the only one where haloween is absolutely non existant?
yep
well np
russia
My haloween costume consists of trowsers a shirt and a gun (helps with getting sweets)
08,01xles: how utterly odd
Indeed.
back
08,01i'd have just given them a piece of dog fluff
granted, if kids would bang on my door this time of the day I would be a bit...angry.
08,01i have lots of that
^
best trick
On my way home, I discovered that at least 4 country stations come in where I live
/me 08,01has a husky
or like avgn you could have given them a rubbish old games console xles :P
daww puppy
08,01they shed like a garden centre
That's not counting the ones that were on commercials when I was skipping through
^ :D
oh yeah my new face meme http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-hx9DhEREUwM/TipT62kCsBI/AAAAAAAAJAg/ij1D_xFBXzQ/s1600/37323+-+derpy_hooves+filly+meme+sock_filly+socks+will_cause_diabetes_and_various_heart_problems.png
FAVE*
/me 08,01is really not a dog person
hai everypony!
i just watched the season 3 premiere :3
08,01it's not really my dog, anyway
wow haha
08,01cachi01|creepypasta: oh, it's been leaked, has it?
I shall resist any such temptation.
Shawn of the Dead on my telly :3 good times
its 10 more days officially right?
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire, Part 1" airs in 9 days, 16 hours, 34 minutes, 2 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
the whole ep or first 8 mins cachi01|creepypasta ?
Why are we talkign about S3 spoilers?
on the HUB on demand
how are you doing all?
08,01Bronysith: we are not
Hi, Michael. :)
hi Michael :)
We are talking about the leaked 8 minutes of the premiere.
08,01Bronysith: no it didn't
/me hugs AJIsSpooky cachi01|creepypasta
hey Michael I like your name
how are things Michhael
08,01was it the first 8 minutes, or the whole thing, cachi01|creepypasta
Next time Michael, give a Glomp
the 8 mins
08,01ah, okay
Satellite radio ftw
I've resisted the eight minute temptation so far. Yay me.
^
and now
BACK TO MORE CREEPYPASTA!
Michael: I would say the same, but I can't stop thinking about david hasselhoff when I read it...
No prob I always like people with a name that I may possibly have or not have Michael
:D
wow a creepypasya bout sonic OCS
BLONIC
wat? cachi01|creepypasta :D
sonic has the worst video game fanbase
so 15:00 UTC is 7:00 am PST correct?
creepypasta of sonic?
cachi01|creepypasta if you say that one more time...
show it
creepypasta of me?
I'm a sonic fan, but not so much for the games. Sonic SatAM was a most excellent cartoon.
sonicdude558: BLONIC?
tha fuck you guys smoking there
Bronysith: i heard that many times, what's going on in the fanbase exactly?
sonicdude558: seaweed
11,02Please don't talk about the 8 minute preview of the new Season. That's considered spoilers.
sonicdude558: Vintage smoke, I get it second hand.
^^
search "28 days later" on google
wait till crimbo naah jk
hey guys
NewSpookyBronyU: I gave up on spoilers! :D
NewSpookyBronyU: Almost half an episode worth of content... Nah, couldn't possibly have any spoilers in there... Not even worth watching I bet. *rolleyes*
hey sonicdude558... wait a minute
A friend drew this for me in school today...
http://i.imgur.com/jvbAW.png
xles: nope, I already know too much.
NewSpookyBronyU: can i link the sonic oc creepypasta :3
In responce to what I drew
sonicdude558: beautiful
sonicdude558: cool
lol at the responses
hi every poni appy nigthmare nigth
what the buck?
handwriting?
11,02razorwing1269: Happy Nightmare Night to you too :)
ohai razorwing1269!
http://badponyart.tumblr.com/post/34158122913/hi-guys-is-my-art-good-3
how are things razorwing1269
NewSpookyBronyU, what are we watching babe?
11,02cachi01|creepypasta: Umm...send me a link through PM first :)
ok
good
hey YO wuts up everypony:) happy haloween
11,02Roseluck`: Ghosties reading Silent Hill :)
Bronysith: dat face is creppy
hai scout19_tf2
lyra?
:3
i wub Lyra`
Hi scout19_tf2
:)
pony cage
11,02Lyra is cool o.o
Happy nightmare night everypony!
Happy Nightmare Night, Lunar_Brony! :)
what about lyra and lollipops?
hai Lunar_Brony
Hi Lunar_Brony :)
caramel machiado
Lyra is tight.
Hai Lunar_Brony :3
and happy Nightmare Night to y'all!
25 minutes until te third season
im what now?
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire, Part 1" airs in 9 days, 16 hours, 24 minutes, 2 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
Bronysith: i wonder if you noticed who sbmitted that pic
9 days 19 hoursand 25 minues
11,02Past couple of days has been sunny with no cloud in the sky...
11,02Today, it's pouring rain.
i want rain
^
Troll weather.
11,02Tomorrow and for the rest of the week is sunny
NewSpookyBronyU: it was dark and stooormy night..
11,02xles: ikr
chocolate raiiin
11,02twilight_sprinkle: O U :3
Past couple of days, it's been cold and snowing.
NewSpookyBronyU, can i have your rain?
11,02Lyra`: Sure O3O
I would rather have rain.
11,02i liek rain too :3c
send it to me :3
Gah, I want rain. :(
:3c
NewSpookyBronyU: I may or may not have read that on your twitter and may or may not have known where you were going with that... *whistles*
rain ftw
this would be a rather amusing conversation if Rain were actually.
*here
/me noms on xles :3
http://creepypasta.wikia.com/wiki/The_Scariest_Video_Game_Ever guys check this creepypasta lol
just call me lil' purp
chocolate rain?
/me hugs NewSpookyBronyU
r we lisning to a scary story or somin
http://creepypasta.wikia.com/wiki/Crystal.HTML warning this one is a kinda serious creepypasta
Have a macabre Pokemon Fact. http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mcok2ikkb11rw70wfo1_500.png
cachi01|creepypasta xD that's hilarious
http://i.imgur.com/6RDU7.png
Michael: Daww :D
AJIsSpooky, http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/pokmon-what-thee-hell.png
lyra as a zombie is hilarous :D
I feel bad for Lyra... Every brony cobbles together tavi and pon3 as "the musicians of ponyville", and lyra just, sits funny. =(
xles, she has bonbon ^^
he's talking about her lyre
Invi: Yeah, but she's a musician too, though, right?
her lyre has bon bons ^^
heysomone is reding fallout equestria?
she can try all she wants http://derpibooru.org/137520
I'm not much of a fanfic reader.
xles, yeah, so? I don't think tavi performs sth with Vinyl ^^
^
xles of course. It's her cutie mark. I didn't have read any fanfics to figure that out.
oh god why
I've never read a lyra fanfic actually. heh
what i have found
11,02imma moo \:3/
/me covers his ears
Yes NewSpookyBronyU, yes you are.
01,04o-o
NewSpookyBronyU: I'll interject with a howl or something.
NewSpookyBronyU: You are the best moo :3
6_9
SB's scaring me......
dat not-very-scary red text
the red is blood
it's only scary when Ghosties uses it
right, mustn't let YouTube control my brain
Paspie too late :/
http://i.imgur.com/fCeXR.png dabuck is this?!
and then NewZalgoBronyU
01,04I'll harvest all your souls o-o
Michael: ............WUT
NewSpookyBronyU: THE RED IT BURNS!
NewSpookyBronyU: okais :3
/me backs away from SB
silly SB. I have no soul :D
11,01NewSpookyBronyU: is pretty.
what do you mean 'too late'?
I know his one weakness!
come at me Moo >:3
/me crawls in. ouo. . .
NewZalgoBronyU D:
01,04o////o
/me barfs on NewSpookyBronyU
/me glomps Domo
/me glomps Nittany_Discord and NewSpookyBronyU
i already sold my soul to mr krabs...
/me eats NewSpookyBronyU
/me glomps Domo too :3
NewSpookyBronyU pfft, I dressed up as death himself for Nightmare Night with a voice to match
NewSpookyBronyU: i already selled my soul to satan
Run, Domo! :O
ohia Nittany_Discord
OAO Bronyyyy D: -clings- You blew my cover! >:
the hell was that Michael
ohai Domo
11,02y u barf on meh? ;~;
11,01Hi.
/me puts Nittany_Discord in a zombie maid corset
Were we supposed to see animated bats?
Dat Red...I never seen the red SpookyBrony since Cider Attack...a game he played WAY too long ago...
Or was that for Halloween?
And SB's back to normal. :3
alexxm: i dont want to know
11,01Put maid corsets on someone else.
Okay guys, going out for a while. See you later dudes
AJIsSpooky . . .
>SB
hai Nittany_Discord
>normal
BYe, MadSurgeon. :)
/me summons a forcefield over the whole chatroom
Nittany_Discord: but it makes u look sexy
also Michael thats quite a disturbing game
Nittany_Discord: Never heard of him? He new?
Bye MadSurgeon :)
...Speaking of...will you plays Cider Attack again one day, NewSpookyBronyU?
Bye MadSurgeon L)
twilight_sprinkle: IKR?
:)*
You know you wanna.
seeya MadSurgeon
bye MadSurgeon
Okokok, bloody hell... #bronystate will be the death of me. I'm supposed to go to bed so I can get up in the morning... Night all!
yeah
11,01Chaos_Serenity: It's just Superbrony64.
LURKING hey everypony wats up
nighty xles
g'night xles
BYe, otakon. :)
Hi, Zombert. :)
I know who he is :s
WOOPS
bye AJIsSpooky
Michael: 4+ tho
I meant, xles.
11,02VenHur: That was a fun game :D
Sorry, otakon. :D
I meant the exact phrase: "Someone else"
Hai Zombert
....MLP quest in GW1.
hai Zombert
Also, just realised I haven't changed my nick back from earlier
I know, but you forgot about that game for months.
/me hugs everypony
/me is hugged
/me hugs xles back :)
/me glomps xles
How it going people
/me huggles xles :3
I am super-tempted to hop off GW2 just to play it.
Nothing much, Zombert.
it goes of 4 hooves ^^
Zombert: it's a good day to be on the planet
Zombert I am great.
/me burps
Just enjoying Nightmare Night, that's all.
I remember NewSpookyBronyU, trying to catch those damn five apples.
Michael: i dnt see it in istore for iphone
Good good people in mask at ma door
twilight_sprinkle: maybe they retired it or maybe fake, but creepy as hell
/me 11,01rubs against Bronysith
Zombert get your taser ready
what movie is going to be on Friday?
Nittany_Discord: oh hello aniki
http://www.bronystate.net/newsletter/
THOSE DAMN. FIVE. APPLES.
megashark vs Giant OCtopus is going to be great :P
11,01Just rubbing you in this corset
no trick-or-treaters here yet. I'm not expecting any for a few hours; sun's shining as bright as it can with out stupid cloud cover.
So which story is this?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prjhQcqiGQc o.o
Silent hill i guess
AJIsSpooky: GIRLS WITH EARS
AJIsSpooky: dat fluttershy
Have they done anything else earlier?
IIRC it's the Silent Hill 2: Novelization
dat carrot flash on stream
whats up everypony
hi Moopy ^^
hey Moopy
Who's streaming?
ok i wat to see that
hi Moopy. WAZZUP?
did anyone else see that
Hi Moopy :)
hi dudes
Hi BronyState
alexxm eeyup
hi AlienWarhead
hi Moopy
Hi AlienWarhead :)
hi AlienWarhead
eeyup
Hai Moopy and AlienWarhead :)
Hi, Moopy and AlienWarhead. :)
hai
Moo
hi aj
Mooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
hai AlienWarhead
alexxm: see what?
I just got trolled
I'M NOT YOUR MUMMY
Happy NightMare night everypony
sonicdude558: ...n?
AlienWarhead: Mummyyyyyyy
aww fuq
r u mae mummuh
mamaa,i just killed a man~
alexxm: its not a joke lol see what?
carrots
CAARROOOOOOOOOOOOOOTS
sonicdude558: *an
yay carrots
Carrot AHHHHHHHH
Hi guys! I'm back!
carrots are tasty
Carrots? :3
wb Everlasting_Nightmar
HI Everlasting_Nightmar :)
wow
I am scared when such disturbing pics flash up...
wb Everlasting_Nightmar
hai Everlasting_Nightmar!
wb Everlasting_Nightmar :3
that unfortunate that here in mexico no trick or treat on Halloween i never go on trick or treat in my live
sonicdude558: retaliates with a windows 8 computer
/me huggies Everlasting_Nightmar ^^
Again, who's streaming?
Eww, Windows 8
>.<
cachi01|creepypasta those carrots were flashed on the screen for a few seconds
Ghosties I *think*
/me has never celebrated Nightmare Night
SB. ;3
carrots?
razorwing1269: i live in guadalajara and i always go trick or treating lol
:'(
*:3
wait nvm
11,02aji: :3
http://www.youtube.com/watch?NR=1&v=qzZAu97hmUo&feature=fvwp oh god the top comment on this video
11,02AJIsSpooky*
Unless someone took over
All the love <3.
lucki
My mom thought my costume choice was too "Girly"
11,02Ghosties is reading the story.
Everlasting_Nightmar, a whole lotta love
here n yucartan no exist trick or treat
Invisiblecurse: Darn toot'n!
What was the costume sonicdude558
sonicdude558: what was it?
Twilight Sparkle
:P
:D
*SIGH*
sonicdude558: pics?
no
OMG guys i just found out that the scp foundation is [DATA EXPUNGED]
"Are you my daddy?"
it was never made
dam
Everlasting_Nightmar, wut?
Darnit, now I has conundrum. ;-;
Everlasting_Nightmar: doctor woh?
e_e
^
*who
doctor woh lol
What's the conundrum, CriticKitten? :3
Since it's a girl to a man, I thought the reversal was appropriate.
Are you my mummy?
i thought it was "are you my mommy"
AJIsSpooky: To play GW2, or to log into GW1 to play the MLP-themed Halloween quest.
are we listening to fanfiction?
CriticKitten: GW1. :)
TheMaster: Yep
why did... oh well weeping angels trump those mask guys any day
TheMaster silent hill 2 novel
Actually, SIlent Hill 2 novel.
Man i hate when i lose the xbox live connections cause everytime i get back from riding my bike and when i get on my xbox i lose connections and thats stupid as hell so yeah
does anypony know anyone that does commisions on Pony Beanie hats?
good evening :)
Hi, DaringDerpy. :)
Good evening DaringDerpy :)
hi DaringDerpy ^^
fanfic?
goodnight DaringDerpy
Good evening DaringDerpy
DaringDerpy, silent hill
Looking at some of the other comments is just sad... why do I even look at youtube comments :(
Howdy DaringDerpy!
Hi DaringDerpy :)
AJIsSpooky: I'm leaning that way myself. I've read the quest script....it's got about a billion references in it. >_>
:)
ohai DaringDerpy!
anywho I need to go for sleeping and stuff now bye!
http://derpy.me/HXZQ6
this fanfic gave me a nightmare...sleept in while listening to it
"FUCKING DOUCE IN IN GASOLINE"
brb but first http://www.tumblr.com/tagged/are-you-my-mummy?before=1338750131
11,02Alright, going to pause the reading for right now. We'll stream the rest after the TF2 Gaming Event :)
silence
night everyone (so many im drowning)
tf2?
k enough creepypasta for today
gaming event?
good night potato_pony|
cant wait
yesterday = 40
haha
today = 7
Lalalalalala~
lol
LALALLALALALA
YAY
LALALALALALALALA
LALALALALALALALA~
Oh Weebl~
=w=
LALALALALALALALALALALALALALAAAAAAAAAAAAA
kill it with fire!
11,02LA LA La LA ~
lol
Havent seen this in a while
lalalalalalalalalalalalalala
XD
LALALALALALALALA~
bom bombombombom
BOM
Bom.
Omg!! I havent seen this on here in FOREVER!!
BOMBOMBOMBOM
BOM BOM.
BOMBOOOOOM
rofl
:S
I got something scary, making CDs for my moms church and possibly missing out on the gaming event ;~;
hey NewSpookyBronyU was that the long video the guy made it were he made it so long of the story video?
LALALAAAAAAAAAAA
NewSpookyBronyU: its too bad you dont have a g-minor version of this, would be perfect fro today :D
you guys have halloween today?
"Just in case we run into any Elonian ponies out there, I'm told that Gum Drops has a mark shaped like a pumpkin on his flank." "Is the mark also invisible?" "Of course it... Oh yes...right. Never mind." I love you, ArenaNet. XD
xD
no
oni_link, making church CDs on halloween, what irony ^^
............
not this
NO
dat eyes
NewSpookyBronyU: Play it!
My eyes
OH GOD NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO
Really dude..................rerally
DaringDerpy: halloween? whats that? we have nightmare night!
OMG
TRUE HORROR!
I SAID ENOUGH CREEPYPASTA
whatever
NO NO NO NO NO
DAMMIT
zoom in on the eyes
TRUE UTTER HORROR!
he's gonna eat our souls, run!
best nightmare night ever
AAAAAAH
00,10scootaloo has fun games to play.
Oh god, no! Not that! Anything but that!
Invisiblecurse: IKR
MY EYYYYES!!
no don't zoom in on the eyes
AAAAAAAAAAAAH
Michael, how do you know it's a he?
/me puts Sumica in a maid corset
seriously...next
Invisiblecurse: she* sorry :)
partypartypartypartypartypartypartypartyparty
Rainbow Dash always dresses in style.
NOOOOOOOO-Oo-o-
THEY TOOK IT ALLLLLLLLLL
11,02What's Dead Alive?
a zombie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UaG-JijAr-c please use this
Michael, how do you know that either? ^^
NewSpookyBronyU: great zombie movie
Shizu :D
I found the RD in the parasprite ep so cute ^^
Suddenly Shizu
shizu =D
Invisiblecurse: it's scootaloo G3.5
Shizu stream yay
brb
oh look it's Asuka being all coy and sultry
armitage?
dem Shizuka bed room eyes lol
i would piss myself if I was there
^
huzzah creepy music!
^^
razorwing1269, oh yeah, headbobban the PMV
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Comic: Derpy Hooves - Costume Process / Sweet Dreams / Grayscale Comic / Scarft Time!
DaringDerpy: nO! That's Asuka Soryu Langley
13Hallo ponies
Ooh Soccerors apprentice remix
HI Shizuka
music for sleep
the music, otakon
Michael, yeah but it lookslike it is a minion of cuthulu
hai Shizuka
ohai SHizu :)
OH MAI
hello Shizuka
asuka looks hawt in this íc
or however you spell that
Howdy Shizuka.
how are things Shizuka
hello Shizuka
Happy Nightmare Night Shizu
NewSpookyBronyU: use this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UaG-JijAr-c
Invisiblecurse: yeah
otakon: silent war
best
razorwing1269: SB's not streaming any more. Shizu's streaming now.
I'm back did I miss anything?
hey don't be sending links during the stream buddy
that is adorable ;~;
AlienWarhead: Nope.
already defeated dat
ok tahnks
dat mask
^
razorwing1269: no vid links during stream
DUN DUN DUUUUUUUUUUUUN
AlienWarhead: yes u missed scootaloo g3.5 u lucky bastard!
time to sleep
yea team fortres
I think he knows that already, Sith. :D
you all live in the wrong time zone
i love TF2
Oh the Zombie update
13please stand by while we work out getting a server up
Bye, DaringDerpy. :)
dat music
cachi01|creepypasta: :D
/me wonders in wat server is gonna entry
good night ^^
g'night DaringDerpy
13in the meantime, ponies that want to join us should fire up tf2
k
night DaringDerpy
Gnight DaringDerpy
i wish valve can update the game for the xbox as well to
im ready
Shizuka: bugger all I don't feel like it right now :(
Wait...Soldier had a roommate?
kind of tired
dat feel when making CDs gets in the way of TF2 :|
I have been playing on boring maps and guns to
TF2 was never meant for consoles Moopy thats why they will never update it
00,10why would you make a CD?
Well thats sucks balls
I can join in...right?
ohai Sumica
Hello Sumica.
00,10ohhi
howdy Sumica!
hello Sumica
So much for the PC version teh whatever man
hi Sumica :)
Sumica: It's for his parents. They're selling them somewhere, if I recall.
Sumica, Its for my mom, she wants a whole gaggle of chuch music all of a sudden and multiple CDs cause shes in charge of some dance or something...
Gah, this music.... SO FAMILIAR.
tf 2 server ? hallowen event or normal shizu ?
Happy Halloween everypony
somepony like pyro
00,10ah, old people got cha
Happy Nightmare Night, Discord. :3
AJIsSpooky: Socerrer's apprentice remix
hay Discord ^^
.
Happy Halloween Discord
Happy Halloween to you Discord
ugh, now I'm thinking of wasps
happy nightmare night Discord
Obsidian: Ah, thanks. :)
13merasmus event
ip: 198.71.92.231 password: ponies
Best password ever. :3
i'm in
max players is 32 so everyone can join :)
testing
yay
das one gay password :I
ikr
32? :PO
going
ponies are so gay
*;o
*:O
Yeah, otherwise I wouldnt have bothered...
well i dont have time gotta take mt little cousins out to trick or treat goodbye
32 PLAYERS? WOW. :O
So, will Eversion will be shown today?
VenHur: i hope so
VenHur: i love that game
each player is a bit
If only I had the game. :D
see this why i want a PC version so that way i can play with you guys on a server to get the game donloaded or something
^
Besides, I'm supposed to do my Zoro cosplay now. I'll be available to play TF2 in 2 hours, no sooner.
mfw people buy the HD version of eversion on steam :D
08,01why is 6 afraid of 7?
cuz 7 8 9
08,01because 7 is a registered 6 offender
wasps = bad
XD
Hahahaha
did not see that coming
Sudden tf2 crash
Its Halloween night for me, and I didn`t get a costume, I`m handing out candy
13derp
brb
Why is 6 afraid of 7?
oh whoops
turns out i forgot to set the password
08,01i'm everyone's mummy
13that too
13also i need to move my spray over >>
HHHAAAATTT
lol
HOT
Easy, because it's an lucky numbers, and all numbers before 7 fears that number.
i hope to be on in a little bit Phase4 ^_^
Also, do I sense some TF2 pro MLG gaming in this chat? >:U
or is someone playing eversion today?
Kandarihu, OooooOOooooOOooo! I'm haunting your computer!
Hello everyone.
hiya Meanwhile
Hi, Meanwhile.
Hello, Meanwhile
hi Meanwhile :)
hi Meanwhile
Hi Meanwhile
/me gives Meanwhile a piece of candy
Hiya Meanwhile :)
Happy bucking Nightmare Night guys! Also hi guys! :)
hi Ponies47 :)
how do you find a sever by ip address?
Dat In The Hall of The Mountain King.
Hi Ponies47 :)
Happy Nightmare Night, Ponies47! :)
/me is a bunny for halloween
heya Ponies47 :)
Hi Ponies47
hi Ponies47
Happy nightmare night to your 47 ponies
13while i'm waiting for tf2 to restart, i'll queue up something for after this album
Holds it
*server
13which is Mannheim Steamroller Halloween Monster Mix btw
My headset is alive with the sound of pinging.
how are things Ponies47
there are figgin no trick or teaters! where the **** are they?
08,01a Chinese man walks into a bar with a parrot on his head
why is it so daaamn late? ain't nobody got time for anything
/me is a taco for halloween, but somepony ated the taco outfit.
That's better :P
Getting music off of YouTube for my mom, one file turned out to be 67MB. wat -.-
08,01the barman says "where'd you get that?"
colonel: Trunk or Treat probably
08,01"China, there are billions of them there", the parrot repllies
Shizuka: Can I join once it's up? :3
13of course!
Yaaay
dis music
SUPPRISE
Chrysalis: *Pulls spyface*
TREATR
TREAT
Chrysalis: hi
/me gives Chrysalis a piece of candy
http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lye84aXJd21r003k3.png is this the picture you speak of?
dat face
Serenity: XDD
Dat Face.
Serenity: :D
So what's being streamed tonight besides music? O.O
:[ y no trick or treators? its hilareous ive been sitting here for an hour and only 5 kids have shown
Pumpkins47 TF2
Oh my, TF2 is taking it's time to load
Pumpkins47: tf2
13okay
13spray imported, tf2 up.. connecting
Ooh
/me sings "Nightmare Night, what a fright, give me something sweet to bite~"
1 new items
I'm still trying to get in the server. Damn thing won't let me add it to favourites
/me is drooling at the oicture
picture
I got a hat O_o
brb
Wow i have this gangnam style on my screen here
YES!!
what hat Serenity
Shizuka: Care if I join?
I got the stupid thing working!
bye
13EVERYONE JOIN :3
HALLOWEEN TF2!
seeya colonel
bye colonel
13bluenote.ariscop.net password 'ponies'
Shizuka wish I could .__. homework...
Shizuka: Coming!
bye colonel
NightmareBlade: Prussian Pickelhaube
Panda: ON HALLOWEEN?!?!?!?!?!
you are dead you are dead cause we killed you
Serenity: i guess for the heavy?
we took you by surprise!
Celestia`s_Bunny, thats college for you.
lol paper bag wizard heavy
NightmareBlade: Medic
It's a german military hat from WWII
That the kaiser guards would wear
Why do I know this, I'm British!
Serenity: ah, what does it look like?
Brb...
what
http://www.buymotorcyclehelmets.com/assets/images/products/flatblackspike.jpg A red one of these
I`m going to scare kids with my 12 gauge, that`ll teach them not to tp my tree. brb
Serenity: ah, me likie
why did i read that as that'll teach them not to teabag my tree
That sounds like Dr. Rictoffin from king der toten from black ops
So is this a special boss map for Halloween?
cachi01|scaryshit: lol i read it that way out loud to myself...its funny
so what is team fortress doing this halloween
AlienWarhead: Yep
cachi01|scaryshit: wat o_O
alexxm: another boss battle lol
08,01hey guys, what's brown and sticky?
08,01parcel tape!
11,02A stick?
/me 08,01keels over laughing
STICKY
Wow, so you can choose alternate sounds for when you hit an opponent?
speaking of sticky turd bombs... I need to nail some kids with`em
i thought blue team never trust the red team what buck man
Gif spray?
are yall only doing the most resent Halloween event of does it switch between them?
*or
I always hear this theme and think of Chernabog from Kingdom Hearts
or however you spell it
dat server
so what are they playing?
otakon: the new Halloween event
Hey i have a question here about the spray stuff?
cool
I'll have to try it
is this wave 666?
Aww I wanna play!!
no cachi01|scaryshit, it's Merasmus
LOL
I like Shizuka's HUD :o
TEAMKILL
Lunar_Brony|TF2: oh boss fight
Get your gift!!
mmhmm
so what being near that thing you take damge?
What hat is she wearing?
no tricker treaters yet... luckly i`m inside
2gree
agree
08,01Panda: what was your question?
I LIKE IT!
?
That bowl of Applejacks
I SAW DEMON SCOOTALOO!!
dat Thriller
-.- y no trick or treat
dat face XD
Wait....what server is that? They arent mindlessly killing each other O_o
Can I have a link to that halloween picture of Shizuku?
the hell
THE HELL?
uuuuuuughhhhhhh laggggggg
Celestia`s_Bunny: that's Asuka, look up Asuka Halloween
oh
otakon: THANKS
np
ded
b.b..BIRD
nack
back
last year i baraly had any candy left right now, now i have enough to feed an army.
lol
Ruuuunnn
RUN Shizuka GET HEALING!
Pyro's sadly have reduced damage against him
dammit!
that's bullshit
MAID OUTFIT TIME!!!(most awkward Halloween ever)
agree
awkward :(
maid outfit is best outfit
no pony outfit is best outfit
ZOMBIEMENA DIANE PIE DRAWING IS DONE!!
theres no pony outfit
so maid outfit is best outfit
right Nittany_Discord
08,01Celestia`s_Bunny: linky in pm?
night Nittany_Discord sleep well
gtg
11,01I want to be a maid one halloween, but I'm too cowardly to do it.
/me 08,01hugs Nittany_Discord
Nittany_Discord ^^ but you have the body for it
Zombie Derpy http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mcs4qo9DaQ1rziyy4o2_1280.png
Nittany_Discord: I`m in a maid outfit... My brother is good at bets
08,01Nittany_Discord: in that case, do it when it's not halloween
that's a halloween only event, isnt it?
11,01Celestia`s_Bunny: Pics.
08,01otakon: not got it
Nittany_Discord: I dont have any
08,01cachi01|scaryshit: what about it?
u gonna stream it? :3
Bye bronystate
Bye AlienWarhead :)
Hey guys, just in case you haven't known, I'm on the sever, you'll see me in a few moments.
cya AlienWarhead :)
<,<
>,>
http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/Some+Halloween+gold_fd8326_4203161.jpg
11,01Celestia`s_Bunny: Dammit.
first 17 tricker treaters to my house gets the candie bags, the rest get tootsie rolls
tootsie rolls!
MICHAEL MYERS
so who's playing now?
Hi everypony
Shiz
yo Nittany_Discord http://www.halloweencostumes4u.com/mm5/graphics/00000003/15819.jpg
08,01Nittany_Discord: do you have a maid outfit?
11,01Nope.
08,01would you like one?
11,01cachi01|scaryshit: Bleh.
Flutterspy: HAPPY HALLOWEEN(p.s. I`m in a maids outfit)
Celestia`s_Bunny: You too. :)
cachi01|scaryshit: WHY?!?!?!??!?!?!?!
:O what is this?
Nittany_Discord ^^ If I dressed up as a maid, would it make you feel more comfortable?
Okay, I'm having some auto-disconect promblems, give me a second.
08,01we all dress up as maids IRL and post pics
*problems
i thought it was a semi official thing
Hellur everypony
:D
Well that's one hell of a party!
notin likw watching Halloween on Halloween
08,01SFW maids!
/me whine sit
I know that XD it didnt say NSFW maids.
/me hugs kurra
hello?
SFW maids?
wub wub wub
Hi MyLittleDashie :)
/me dresses like a pirate cause he has the eye-patch
howdy
think i'm gonna throw away my stuff....
:3
hi
Kurra NO! Be a pack rat!
...it's not funny ;"(
WE NEED MICHAEL MYERS
how've you been MyLittleDashie
Why did MLD quit?
whats that song
so now we have MLD and YLD?
think i'll throw away my fursuit in progress....
This skirt is breezy
I just looked and i FUCKIN' MISSED LUGI'S MANSION!!!
dont toss the fursuit
THE DUBSTEP!
THE WHEEL SPINS!
why toss something your putting effort into
TINY HEADS!
Sorry for the rage.
wat
YELLING OTAKON!
FATE CHANGED
POOTIS!
Midnight_Stormwing: LOUD NOISES!
otakon ALLCAPS!
Midnight_Stormwing: WHY ARE WE YELLING?!?
otakon CAUSE REASONS!
04WHY IS EVERYONE SCREAMING? ARE WE HAVING A SCREAMING CONTEST?!
Ghosties: lol
YES!
oh crap death
hi Ghosties
O_O
incoming death!
04Oh, and hi
hiya Ghosties
I turn away and then BLOOD RED TEXT!
Ghosties: I AM MASTER AT ROYAL CANTERLOT VOICE
death?
I AM TRYING TO GET IN THE SERVER!
i like death
and hello there Ghosties o/
04Blood red text, just in time for Halloween
so what IS the point of this game type?
04\o
Oh, and hello Ghosties.
LOOK AT THIS SILLY PONIES TRYING TO BEAT ME IN THE ART OF SHOUTING
is it like MvM?
04Hello
BURN THE GHOST
04...um
i'd use my color script but i dun like getting the autokicks
Celestia`s_Bunny: yeah burning doesn't work that well
what'S the server ip?
04you...can't...burn...ghosts >~>
otakon it's simply KOTH, but Merasmus spawns as a boss.
Shizuka the Llama
Maybe I shouldnt have set my ping color to red...
Ghosties: but...but....luigi's mansion...
lol
Lunar_Brony|TF2: King of the Hill PvE?
Panda
otakon: IT WORKED IN GHOS RIDER(1)
red
I can't burn ghosts...Hm... [gets my Ghostbuster attire]
Midnight_Stormwing STOP IT D:
Celestia`s_Bunny: spirtual flames
COME AT ME, GHOST!
XD
HA HA!
/me noms on Panda
^w^
oh it's PvP
pyro doesn't fear the reaper
/me comes at VenHur
otakon we're just trying to kill Merasmus, though. On a normal server, it would be an all-out free-for-all when Merasmus is gone
Lunar_Brony|TF2: ah I was wondering why everyone was working together
YOU'RE PVP! *whack otakon with a nerf sword*
/me captures Ghosties.
/me takes 100 damage
/me dies
/me giggles at Ghosties
/me levels up
just ping this name if your need me
Im off to the bank, be back later
so much /me in a row XD
Why does Merasmus move so laggy?
so my town is postpoining trick or treating to saturday
otakon you get a hat and an achievement by killing Merasmus
Lunar_Brony|TF2: oh neat
Whoo hoo! Ghost busting ROCKS!
/me CHANGES Midnight_Stormwing `s FATE
also ello everypony :$
it's ALL about the hats
FAK YEAH HATS
I want to play this now
ok... this has to be the most i've spoken in this chat in months...
/me escapes
Hats?
MADNESS!
Midnight_Stormwing: maybe
SPARTA!
/me changes his fate back cause the other was boring
I want to play some tf2
I'm not going to enjoy coming home because then I can't chat anymore
/me uses PinkieSpice
I AM SUDDENLY A DEMON!!
o-o
what was i just used for?
PinkieSpice deodorant :3
/me uses blades on the demon and gives it a haircut
Back from dinner. What did I miss? :3
:U
/me burns Panda into flames
AJIsSpooky madness
soooooo who is going to see Wreck it Ralph this weekend?
curse you nightmare moon curse you
wb Ayejay :3
ekips: WHat kind of madness? :3
pony_3290: MEEE
Thanks, thelonepony. :)
/me bursts into flames
AJIsSpooky, you missed the capture of a ghost, me announcing something big and other silly filly stuff.
IM GONNA WREK IT!
Panda: What did you announce? :)
AJIsSpooky the best kind of madness
WHERE`S WREK WHEN YOU WANT HIM?
AJIsSpooky that Aj is worse pony :P
:O
;~;
madness...
I'M GONNA "Wrek" IT!
CANTERLOT VOICE IS STILL ON!!
Aj is best
AJIsSpooky ^^ I am kidding :3
background pony
;3
*:3
welp, that way a fun break :3
/me turns off royal canterlot voice
better
I think of every new pony episode as a roller coaster!
wb
almos time for tricker treating
almost
/me noms on Ghosties
seeya!
well my town is post poning trick or treating till saturday
ha ha
Bye, NightmareBlade. :)
bye NightmareBlade
pony_3290: why?
Whoops
cya NightmareBlade :)
I meant, NightmareBunny. :D
Did you guys seen me yet? I'm the Red Pyro.
/me ;;
VenHur: theres a lot of red pyros lol
dat fps
/me is nommed
:D
and then Shizuka fell into hell
poor Shizuka
hehehehhe
/me puts otakon in a tonberry maid corset
GIANT HEADS ARE GO!
:D
wait what the HELL is a tonberry maid corset even LOOK like?
What IS a tonberry?
hold on
So now that Merasmus is gone, what happens now?
http://images1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20060516153640/finalfantasy/images/f/fc/Ff9-tonberry.jpg
AJIsSpooky: regular KotH
AH.
Moopy: no it wouldn't
why
Pffffft whatever man
mmmhjmmm
so much lag in this server
and destroy billions of houses
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1351719767811.jpg otakon s face
okay
so WHY is that necromancer guy so laggy?
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mcs6jl5sIO1r6mz7eo6_1280.png
your just all that so........moving on now
Back
CrimsonPhoenix: lol I like it
wb sonicdude558 :)
should have bought more kit-kats :/
wheres my mommy?
you always need more kit-kats
they are delicious
brb my dinner is ready better go eat it befor it gets cold so brb
I FUCKING RAN OUT OF SKITTLES!!!
the horror
04Oh shi- no more Skittles! D:
So if it's regular KoTH after you kill Merasmus, why do you kill him in the first place?
sonicdude558 i'm your daddy now
Also, why does he keep coming back?
I pwned in as a Pyro...I think it is the best class.
mommy
AJIsSpooky: Achievevements and a cool hat
Ah.
AJIsSpooky: cause he is a creepy guy....with magic.......?
oh yeah dont forget the hats
/me shakes Ghosties and nibbles on him
.....
Back for realsies
I bought too many tootsie rolls...
Firebug is better
NightMare_Bunny: send me some then lol
/me throws everypony various pony costumes
thanks
YAY i got......a...human costume.....
:ok:
and... there goes the m&ms
:.ok:
04Stop eating meh, Rev
nah j/k
I threw everyone Twiley costumes
But you're delicious, Ghosties. That delicious ghost flavor
04Ghosts have no flavor >:I
Wait, couldn't you just take over other people's control points while he's attacking?
Ghosties: yes they have
This is halloween . do the Mods have anything special planned
Ghosties: they taste like ghost
Ghosties: its the texture when we eat it
I thought ghosts tasted like Boo Berry.
Ghosties: sure you do, it's horrible is all.
so smooth and velvety
brb guys need some noms
dat bomb head
Happy Halloween
Happy Nightmare Night, GarrettBrony. :)
happy nightmare night GarrettBrony :)
GarrettBrony: NO! ITS NIGHTMARE NIGHT!
Happy Nightmare Night
Aw
13ponies enjoying?
yay i almost get cloud to lvl 100 in dissidia 012 :)
i want crone's dome so badly lol
Yep. :)
Shizuka: yep :3
04The texture of ghosts changes depending on your least favorite food
Happy Nightmare Night™, GarrettBrony
Shizuka: ya!
13do not worry the server will be back up momentarily
Shizuka enjoying? I'm having a blast!
and hi all
hi Master-Derps
Hi Ghosties!
thriller
Ghosties, So, fish?
hi Master-Derps :)
Yup, you're good at this game, you litterally pwned me.
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Halloween Music: Slender Me / On Nightmare Night / She Comes [Nightmare Night]
Shizuka: Can you try Mann Manor? if possible
dat slender
And I was talking to Shizuka btw...
13ask phase
I'll be enjoying it more if the lag clears up.
Serenity: maybe cause he had no lag!
I'm having lots of fun Shizuka :3
yo Phase4, 'bout how long 'til the server's up?
it was good :)
Charlie Brown time
Having a good time so far
give it a sec
13like ten seconds
there we go
This is great! :)
meow
I"m in
online now
well it aint halloween no more, back to the normal stuff
13up go go go
its up now
that was fast
Doesn't take long
"That was easy."
11,01Get in!
So did anyone enjoyed my Pyro fury?
god i hate my computer, its to slow for tf2
Longest it takes for Shitbox to load a server was something like 1 minute
Master-Derps: but today is halloween
venhur -_-
VenHur: Pyro's are OP
Sorry...
cachi01|scaryshit: not for me 1min and 20 secs gone by now
So is this game full?
Oh I didn't miss Shizu stream--nope I didn.t Awesome.
So have the Mods prepared anything special for Nightmare Night?
couple of guys are getting password failed
password is ponies
Anyways I'm back
And OP?
GarrettBrony: TF2
oh
00,10dont read the front page much do you GarrettBrony?
Shizuka: X3
GarrettBrony: http://www.bronystate.net/newsletter/
I am going to try to join for once
/me glomps AJIsSpooky
:O
i couldnt join, to laggy :(
err whats the password to get in Shizuka
/me hugs AScaryFluffyThing "You're so scary" :)
Alright guys. As of now, my hair is now green.
AJIsSpooky, and fluffy <3
Kandarihu: Awesome! :)
That too, AScaryFluffyThing. :)
hah cool Kandarihu
Guys, don't ping my main nick please.
So is it full?
OH.
Whoops. :$
Kandarihu|OldComp, pics?
i need the password D:
Master-Derps: ponies
thx
Man steam is not responding for me
BURN THAT Ghosty!
BURN IT!
password is ponies
pootispootispootispootispootispootis
AJIsSpooky: ʸᵃʸ u rock woo hoo
Thanks...
such a simple password
Thanks. You too, Master-Derps. :)
mitamaking: But the BEST password ever. :3
mitamaking: its a simple password , once ya know it
password is best password
AJIsSpooky: Besides password you mean
That too. :3
cachi01|scaryshit: brohoof
nopony will ever guess a password so simple
Hey, someone, please give me the server name for this?
mitamaking: /)
wait which password is best password cachi01|scaryshit?
password
Phase4: Someone needs the server name.
You have a small hand ////) is mine
yes but what is it cachi01|scaryshit!
crap. I gotta go do HW
AJIsSpooky, bluenote.ariscop.net
password is ponies
shana: the word password!
Okay I am going to pull out my laptop and try this
cachi01|scaryshit: no way! that's genius!
the word password is the password which is best password
Use what Phase posted, Rev.
Thanks, AJIsSpooky and Phase4 via proxy
mitamaking: i hope it doesnt lag 'fingers crosses'
Jarate. :
*:S
I got to do Hw. Bye guys
:)
Wait, doesn't this battle seem one-sided?
Bye, sonicdude558 :)
bye sonicdude558
I'll be back soon
cya blonicdude558
:D
AJIsSpooky: i thought aj was honest :(
?
What do you mean, superretroworld?
How's the weather where you live?
AJIsSpooky: well aj is awsome and honest, but now shes spooky :O
Ohh........ :D
It's just for this week. :3
lol ik
/me dry humpsa ps3 the mcpixel way
BS is streaming a lot of spooky stuff, so I'm keeping this nickname. :3
i guess ill do it too
Yay! :)
00,10void the warranty doing that cachi01|scaryshit
k
sowwy
cachi01|scaryshit: scaryshit xD
yeah lol
http://i1.ytimg.com/vi/40-tYb_Ut3Y/mqdefault.jpg
.....
00,10pony trick or treaters, that just made my night
cachi01|scaryshit: :D
well to bad best buy doesnt accept acer to fix computers. FUCK YOU ACER
Seriosuly, Sumi? That's awesome. :D
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1351716037627.jpg
Sumica: really? awesome!
Sumica already? How dark is it there?
00,10little kids dont wait till dark
00,10it's only 5pm
/me is using an acer netbook
Sumica: i saw a kid dressed as Ash Williams
cachi01|scaryshit ouch
i know...
00,10not bad
the screen is smaller than my hand
So now everyone is trying to kill me to ;~;
People using the Scout must love this power. :D
probably i'll get a nice pc next month
Who's the worst person to uber in this game?
cachi01|scaryshit same, my pc is ~5 years old now
AJIsSpooky: mmmmm spy
What about the Medic?
That would be useless too, right?
AJIsSpooky: medic has his needle gun thing
AH.
Okay. Thanks, cachi01|scaryshit. :)
where? me?
aight im back from my dinner and im full right now
AJIsSpooky actually, if 2 medics had full uber and they constantly healed each other, they could do a strong Uber push into a well-built nest. I wouldn't recommend it, but it is possible.
Moopy what did you have?
lol shizu doesnt forgive
now she is ded
speghtti
yeah
Woah. That's pretty cool, Lunar_Brony|TF2. :O
with texas bread
Mmh, loving spaghetti
ikr
Lotsa spaghetti! :3
Now im hungry ;3;
i just ate just now
AJIsSpooky: gay luigi?
cachi01|scaryshit: Toast! :3
so thats why i came back in my bedroom
Dat "Brain" avatar :D
AJIsSpooky it would take some strategy and teamwork, but it could, in theory, let a pair of medics push with a 16-second long Ubercharge. One uber lasts 8 seconds and when one shorts out, you hit the other one
I've done it once before, but also seen it fail a lot
Wow.
and now im eating a frozen fruit bar right now and its so good
/me is eating hot cakes
I'm having a bonbon right now :3
I just got back from eating, too. ;D
*:D
what is hot cakes? never had one befor
:O
thriller time
uhmmm they are also called pancakes
oh
lol
Darkness falls across the land...
And then the fire nation attacked....
also i have been drinking alot of A&W root beer here so yeah i got another pack of it over here
i used to be an adventurer like you
damn you buffer!
but then i took a fire nation to the knee
And I blamed it on Dinkleberg.
Heh i used to play the old games back then nut i took an arrow to the knee
i mean but
GOTTA GO FAST!
Another great power for Scout, too. :D
why is heavy a giant eye ball
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m2u0ix1JGd1r0lh1go1_500.gif yeah suck my dick!
*note*im quoting the hotdiggedydemon sonic video
your to slow
Chilly dogs
Wait, couldn't you just take over the control point while people are distracted by Merasmus?
nope
point locked when Merasmus is out
and reset
hey, can someone help me
OH.
save me from CQ
CQ?
i cant go to any parties tonight because i drew the short straw, and am working CQ for the next 24 hours
._.
Central Quarters
What's CQ?
captain Q
OH.
army thing
dat bomb for a head
hiya Lyra`
Lyra` :/ why would you do that?
oh hey otakon, do you have a new beard yet?
not yet
that was cool my mom just gave me her half of my A&W root beer over here.......now i have 2 dranks in my bedroom here HA HA HA HA!
ZOMG you should be a dwarf!
hai Panda
^^ hiya
Moopy: Nice! :D
eeyup
all the mods on here are BACON
she didn't want it anyways so she just gave it to me
All Mods Are Lemon
The floor is now lava!
/me keeps off the floor
hey YO wuts up everypony:) happy haloween:) awwww yea ur playing my kind of game Shizuka
Hi, scout19_tf2. You can join in on the server if you want. :)
6 on BLUE, 14 on RED
and we can't swith teams
Happy Nightmare Night Everypony
sup scout19_tf2
hey scout19_tf2
Happy Nightmare Night, Conyst. :)
AJIsSpooky: i will
bluenote.ariscop.net, password is ponies
password is HA, GAYYYYU
OH you! :P
but srsly wtf
instead of little kids asking for candy, i get some black guy asking for money
He's poor?
EIther that or he's a con man?
no apparently hes working for some fundraiser
creepy_sprinkle: o.O
creepy_sprinkle: AH.
creepy_sprinkle: ugh ikr
pyro took blue oyster cults advice about the reaper
XDDD mods can we stream the bronies react to cupcakes vid? its totlly SFW they cut the gore parts =D
I brought some cookies and cupcakes. Pumpkin flavored.
cachi01|scaryshit I don't want to hear something about cupcakes ever again
Yay! :3
i gave him a 1.25 which is the smallest i had but still, i want little kids asking for candy, wheres the halloween man :\
you cant get a hangover if you never stop drinking
I'm heading out to eat supper. Be back soon!
Man i whish i had a better computer i have been using the valo sony computer here for a long time and i need a better cool looking computer
Bye! :3
do we want the password on or not?
Lyra` That's the spirit!
On
Who knows.
Stops all the stragglers
Who cares.
then again, not many little kids here, so i shouldnt be surprised
see you in a bit Lunar_Brony|AFK
Phase4: Keep it so only bronystate peeps
Gnight everypony! HF!
l
k
'
13one of you willing to give up two of the voodoo bits
At this point I'd settle for either fair teams or no teams.
creepy_sprinkle: I'm not that small!
Night, Michael. :)
i am Shizuka!
Shizuka: I have 1 piece
Shizuka, you can get them from the tf2wh every now and again
Serenity: :D
Hello! ^w^
night Michael
i will give you all 6 of my voodoo bits :3
In exchange for a weapon?
shana: I could I have 2 I think
:3
bye Michael
I mean Shizuka
Damn, Shizuka, you were kicking my ass :D
dat Pumpkins47 :3
cya Michael :)
/me 11,01asks Lyra` to marry him
Shizuka, you can have all mine for free :3
hello Waterfilly
Dat spooky06905 :3
:D
bye Michael
The lag isn't helping me much kickass wise
but Nittany_Discord, this is so sudden
They're restarting the server.
/me blushes~
:/
Bye Michael
I'm usually on a KD of 4:1
Nittany seriously, go get a drink. For once in your life.
Bye Michael :)
When does it start?
So yeah, I kind of sucked in TF2...
11,01Why Meanwhile?
Lyra`, i think thats inuendo but i'm not sure what humans have 6 of
Mustbe soon, lol
all the love <3
/me gets the vapors
7:30?
But Pyro, is to me, my favorite.
/me accepts
Because Nitt watching you in here is getting sad.
it looks really dead today :/
<3 Aww, They got married!
k, servers back up
bluenote.ariscop.net
Oh no, sorry Shizuka I only got 1 cursed item atm :/
:3 Congratz
11,01Meanwhile: Meaning?
password is ponies
And I only say that because I love you.
Hey Shizuka do you have a spookier, Halloween playlist of songs to go with the map?
13nope, just the one album
Meaning Nitt you look like you really want something but can't force yourself to try and go get it. It's depressing.
so, shizuka doesnt want my free stuff ._.
Ah wan it!
>_>
how do i get in?
no, RaveBrony, its Shizukas, or it gets deleted
11,01Meanwhile: Maybe. Just living in an uncertain time in my life.
O_O
is the bluescope thing the title of the server or something else?
11,01Guess I could use a drink.
O_O
da fuq
Domo: bluenote.ariscop.net, password is ponies
Domo: yep
I think im done with TF2 for now :P
Domo: I think so.
THanks for the fun :)
wtf
Hold on... Lyra` just was asked by Nittany_Discord to marry him? Dear god this chat moves fast xD
Dat Nightmare Fuel.....
what is this, AJIsSpooky?
how to get in? x_x
Nittany_Discord: only if you really want to, but drinking isnt all that fun really
Domo!
i was, panda
/me glomps Domo
What is what, Lyra`?
It might be raining in a few hours
what is love
that think you posted, what was it for
! Panda~ -cling-
But seriously, how do I get in? o~o I can't find the place to put the title
Lyra`: It's for the server tat you're on now.
Baby don't hurt me
Phase4: What's the IP for the server?
Domo: just search shizuka on steam and join thatw ay
i dont even.
/me throws a baby at Conyst
AJIsSpooky, bluenote.ariscop.net
ip is 198.71.92.231:27015
its snowing a little bit
/me dodges baby throws cookies at alexxm
alexxm, what?
ermagerd AJIsSpooky , u got tf2?
AScaryFluffyThing he didn't want the baby to hurt him
creepy_sprinkle: Nope.
ok
alexxm, WHY are you throwing babies?
Hey Lyra` did you delete that excess stuff yet?
nope
Dibs.
AScaryFluffyThing i don't know i thought it was a good trick
:I
i had six boxes full of stuff at one point
then someone asked nicely for it
alexxm, don't throw babies, mkay?
so i gave them all my doubles
Ok guys...Do I click server and then tags?
cause thats all I can enter the name in but that doesn't work :c
damn, my neighboors are a bunch of cheap assholes, i only see one house other than mine with their light on
Wish me luck guys I'm going to try playing TF2.
GL Conyst
Good luck, Conyst
Conyst: good luck 'crosses fingers'
Good luck~
same here Contex|Away gl to you ^_^
Conyst: You're doomed.
Domo: go to steam community. search shizuka. click the tiny join on her reuslt. problem solved
Good luck, Conyst. :)
Ohhhh ok...thank you xD
unless the server is fulkl of course. had that problem^^
OIt's not so much playing as logging in. First time on this computer.
what do you call a inception made of inceptions?
Incepinceptions?
00,10thought you had to have 5 on each team for him to spaun
inceptionception?
InInception
horseshit
Presumably Phase overlooked that.
00,10so they are all waiting for a boss that wont show?
Yup.
now 2
00,10or phase made it so he will show?
But don't tell them
Because it'll be funny to see how long they'll wait.
00,10guess so
seiously i don't know i just cliked blue
00,10the second one
What is the server IP?
then who is the guy they are fighting?
198.71.92.231:27015
Dat gift
If you force the spawn the boss usually doesn't react like he should.
actually is 10 people on the server Sumica
Achievements won't be earned, items won't drop, etc.
Hi everypony
does not matter the team
wait i think i know this song is ths by uh.......metel heads ro something or?
Hi, Sheogorath. :)
But that's only from like, 2 year old experience. It could be different by now.
Hi Sheogorath :)
00,10and that's why turrets dont woork to well on him
Meanwhile: so they are fighting against a useless ghost of the boss?
Tf2, cool
oops i for got to put song in there dang it
Moopy: rob zombi
What is the server IP?
e
oh
198.71.92.231:27015
Hai Sheogorath
cachi01|scaryshit: Potentially, I'm not sure if it's changed since I last reviewed the rules.
Sumica: They're waiting for a boss. A boss that will smack them far away.
Dark_Horst Thanks
happy Halloween!
Meanwhile: well thats freaking hilarious actually :D
00,10and lets not forget the problem of turrets cant shoot throught turrets
this one'S called living dead girl, btw
Happy Halloween CCCP :3
http://derpy.me/QIrpD
00,10or same team players
thelonepony :3
hows halloween been CCCP
Ohai CCCP :)
/me chat needs more creepy pasta
alexxm its been fine :$
And the bigger problem of what happens when the engi dies and it becomes unwrangled.
/me hugs CCCP :3
hi Brovakiin|Assassin!
Oh hey there, CCCP :$
el kabang
/me hugs thelonepony
00,10well that was a dumb blue
:(
hi RaveBrony!
: D
Lol!
I'm probably going to be one of those cheap assholes
00,10buhahahaha
00,10what did we learn Shizuka?
oh hey CCCP happy haloween
13to never play engie?
scout19_tf2|spoooooo :3 hi
god, I hate the sentries, they sound exactly like my alarm clock
CCCP: >chat needs more creepypasta
>i read 40 creepypastas yesterday
GODDAMIT CCCP
Does your alarm clock shoot you?
AzureIllusion not yet
haha
ekips: oh gawd how i know that feel :D
CCCP: not bad
AzureIllusion but I feel it becoming more evil every day...
i guess that was a little rude :/
cachi01|scaryshit But its halloween! D:
Dark_Horst whats not bad?
Naw don't worry about it :P
And soon it shall rebel against the tyrant that makes it beep everyday and take over the world
CCCP: have you read the MARIO and life.exe creepy?
CCCP: that creepypasta link
CCCP: if not, do it they are pretty good
Man i can't beleave it tomorrow's November and Halo 4 is coming yay so excited for it:)
I haz returned!
i planned on giving out candy tonight
cachi01|scaryshit nope :s
but i have class :/
Welcome back, Lunar_Brony|TF2. :)
okay :3
Dark_Horst oh hehe
oh yay
wb Lunar_Brony|TF2 :3
Twilight's Nightmare Night costume: http://sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash3/553975_432704503463440_464076862_n.png
J_E_Smith71: ..............WUT
J_E_Smith71: XDDDDDDDDDDDDDdd
>_<
J_E_Smith71: ... :D
dat headshot
I doubt we'll get any trick-or-treaters anyway
J_E_Smith71: O_o
brb
they'll probably just knock on the front door that leads to the entryway
Is the Team Fortress 2 event still going on?
13yep
I don't have my browser open.
'til November 9th
IIRC
J_E_Smith71: lol
Alright. My Lunar_Brony|TF2 what's going on 'til November 9th? The TF2 event?
0,5Niniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Horribly bored. Any bright ideas?
I think so, yeah
wat
Meanwhile: hentai?
that was odd
why did it shut down
Ah server kicked me out
why does it always do that
http://www.inervate.com/image/images/fallout3ho.jpg
Why did it shuts down?
I'm...not into that but thanks anyways cachi.
Phase4: Abuse of admin powers again? Tsk tsk tsk
*head bangs* Oh YEAH! I came back at just the right time!
:<
:>
Pootispenserhere.
Phase4: I was gonna destory it
you were too slow :P
11,02Night BaconMane :)
8,05Pumpkins47: abuse like this?
it was destroyed
BaconMane, you are going to sleep? :/
XD
dat MakerDusk op powar
MakerDusk: O.O
Good night BaconMane.
MakerDusk: dat kik wait wut?
Night, BaconMane :)
night BaconMane
heya Phase4
night BaconMane :)
Nighty BaconMane
ok, servers back up
MakerDusk HEY! Colors are for Bronystate mo- oh... right....
Night BaconMane :)
bye BaconMane
bluenote.ariscop.net
Night BaconMane
password is ponies
night BaconMane
Goodnight BaconMane :)
Who wants some Reese's? Cause I have plenty - robbed some trick or treaters to get em :P
:D
night BaconMane
Dusk is beyond anything you can imagine.
lol
Me! Me, Cypresswolf. :3
Cya BaconMane! :$
Cypresswolf: I want some :3
'night BaconMane
Cypresswolf: sure
Come to think of it I barely ever see kids around here...
Alright. Which server is this for?
so, game over?
since everypony else is saying it XD
*throws chocolate into chat*
nah not hungry atm
/me devours said chocolate
/me dashes towards the candy "MINE!"
CHOCOLAAAAAATE! CHOCOLAAAAAATE!
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Creepy Stuff: Slender Mane / Lyra Wants To Play Music
AJIsSpooky: too slow :p
;~;
dat slendermane
Meanwhile: it's horrible yeah but there is sill a possibility they can improve it
/me races for the candy. "No! MINE!"
otakon: Eh?
Maker ate all the candy. ;3;
I was talking about the Ircop.
11,02Has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like Pinkie Pie?
i wanted some candy ;3;
Yes.
Meanwhile: who, me?
Yeah you.
Meanwhile: oh thought you were talking about Dusk's Dawn
In fact no, the other one.
Which server is the event on?
otakon that thing is satanic dribble.
Meanwhile: there are many in here
NewSpookyBronyU: ???
Meanwhile: lol
11,02AJIsSpooky!!!
MakerDusk: Sleeper agents errywhere.
SB!!!
11,02:D
:P
TACOS!!!
im pretty sure everyone has already read this http://derpy.me/UcFLd
Boo
Hai everypony, how's your Nightmare Night been so far?
:O
/me cowers in fear
hi spooky06905 and AJIsSpooky
ohai, DerpStar and CCCP. :)
hi SpookyLyra`
Meanwhile: I count 6 in here
Is it bluenote.ariscop.net or some IP address?
Fear me.
ello CCCP
hi DerpStar
NewSpookyBronyU be drunk
it's been good DerpStar you
DerpStar: actually keep forgeting its nightmare night
hi DerpStar
I will not fear you. :3
Question
all 6 unkickable and capable of using colour
Hi DerpStar :)
11,02@__@
Derpstaaaar...Derpstaaar...BraveStaaaar...
/me makes a super duper scary face
Yes, Crimson?
superscaryworld: Where are you hiding tonight hun?
/me uses a flashlight to accomplish this
MakerDusk: You're a creepy bunch. You're like the KGB of IRC.
CrimsonPhoenix: ask away :3
NewSpookyBronyU: Moo :3
or both even
CCCP: creepypasta.wikia.com/wiki/92%
hey NewSpookyBronyU , wii-u comes out tomorrow..hic
CrimsonPhoenix: Both, IMO.
/me is the spanish inquisition of IRC
11,02creepy_sprinkle: ikr!
DerpStar: with fluttershy, were afraid of nightmare night
Meanwhile: we have scripts that do that for us :p
Hai VenHur, picks up hibbies shotgun
hubbies'
cachi01|scaryshit didnt work
hi DerpStar
EYE sees you!
MakerDusk: So're you're the robotic KGB of IRC. Which frankly, is scarier.
superscaryworld: But I saw an adorable Fluttershy tonight!
I would like to join in on the Bronystate TF2 event. Would somebody please be kind enough to tell me if bluenote.ariscop.net is the correct server?
hi otakon!
hiya CCCP
It is, Kandarihu. :)
Daribot is that reaper of IRC
nah, I'm our user relations person, Meanwhile
Had to call her Pinkie Cake to avoid being called out though :/
CCCP: www.creepypasta.wikia.com/wiki/92%
SpookyLyra`, thank you
Back
CCCP: damnit
bluenote.ariscop.net, password is ponies
DerpStar: ...........SHES MINE :[
cachi01|scaryshit: Bad Request
MakerDusk: I bet you're a cyborg.
cachi01|scaryshit: das some creepy errorpasta man
Half man, half complex scripts.
:D
superscaryworld: She was like 10 or 11
CCCP: just go in here and search for it...... it also has lots of good creepypastas creepypasta.wikia.com/wiki/Category:Video_Games
Hai everypony, sorry Im late
http://www.ebay.com/itm/My-little-pony-FIM-plush-Hoodie-and-socks-Lyra-large-handmade-plushie-17-/271087991810 NO FUCKING WAY
Hai DerpyMuffins
cachi01|scaryshit tanks :3
That same item that I tried to bid on but gave up
What I miss?
Meanwhile: the day integrating tech into one's body does not cause cell death around the implants...
GOOD THING I GAVE UP
DEAR GOD
That guy is crazy in the membrane
MakerDusk: Resistance is futile.
CrimsonPhoenix >lyra >plushie
CrimsonPhoenix, why arent all the plushies made that good?
1,125 DOLLARS FOR A FUCKING PLUSHIE?
WTF?
DerpStar: ......SHES MINE
Meanwhile: duh, you're already in the PonyChat Collective
Dear god, that brony got a LOTS of fucking money!
not gonna lie, i would pay for it
Who is streaming?
cachi01|scaryshit: there have been more expensive ones
/me gives DerpStar adult fluttershy
Who payed for that?!
Good thing I comission the thing for 1/3 of that
MakerDusk: Oh glob, you're right. That's some Matrix-esque realisation there.
XD
I realize that I could sell my filly Derpy Plushie for quite a bit...
Right now it's me vs. Blu :P
SpookyLyra` are you a girl or a boy?
Meanwhile: on the plus side, we keep things running smoothly ^_^
CrimsonPhoenix I am getting a plushie
OMG Doorbell brb
sonicdude558, well me too
MakerDusk: Indeed you do.
Nvm Hubby got there first :/
This is the name i'll go with for Halloween.
at the end of the day, all that matters is that our users are happy :)
DerpStar you got a trick-or-treater? Lucky. Apparantely, there are kids out there, but I haven't seen a single one on my street. Now I might end up doing nothing for an entire hour.
VenHurlloween, I like it.
Lunar_Brony|TF2: had about 20 or so
maybe more
We haven't got one.
well closer to 30 now
sup every pony
Have you put decorations outside?
Hai Dashie :3
i scaried away my trick or treaters :s
Like bats and skelletons and lights
I'm back :)
Hi Dashie :3
no pony trick or treated over here this year
Welcome back MadSurgeon :)
CCCP: well, communism is quite frightening :P
i flickerd the outdoor lights and that scared them :/
Wb MadSurgeon :3
:D
A pumpkin my sister and dad carved. Nobody here does much for haloween, but we always get people.
creepy_sprinkle :|
:'(
MadSurgeon: Operate on me Pls :3
No one had tricked or treated at my house yet.
CCCP! :$
gtg, I need to sit by the door. See y'all later!
CCCP: :P
im playing pony fortress and here at the same time
I want to get tiny paper bags and put them on my Plushie :/
CCCP: :D
MadSurgeon :3
Who's streaming? Shizu?
mmmmm weird.... no one has come to ask for candy
13ja
hi Shizuka :3
hello
last year shitloads of kids came asking for candy
Hi flutterchu
Hai flutterchu :3
Shizuka: is best pyro :3
Not me either cachi01...
...Huh...
Ok wait so
Lol
/me has never read squidwards suicide
/me is reading it now
The only one on the BLU team is Ponies47...
CCCP: its bad and you should feel bad about reading it
Forever Alone?
so.......happy nightmare night
Poor Ponies47
cachi01|scaryshit :s
How......odd
AScaryFluffyThing is ponies47 here?
CCCP: he is Pumpkins47 :3
kidnap the lauren faust?
ooooh
oh
lol
hi Pumpkins47 :3
CCCP, not in the chat but he's playing TF2 right now.
Okay
I lost connection, my internet has been shit. Good hint as any
Gotcha Shizu X3
Bastard thing
Ohey Pumpkins47 <3
cachi01|scaryshit, yeah a parody of Kidnap the Sandy Claws from the actual movie
oh ok
poor ponies47 :D
Oooh, Lolipop flowers...
...Hope they're not Poison Jokes.
nighty everypony ^^
night Invi :)
Goodnight Invi :)
VenHurlloween: HOLY LOLIPOP FLOWERS batman
NIght, Invi. :)
night Invi
Night Invi
Night Invi :)
helo Invi
Hey everypony
Hai Zombert :)
hi Zombert :)
Night Invi.
night inv
Hi Zombert :)
ohai Zombert
hi Zombert
And Hullo Zombert.
dem new objects
Did anyone else get jumped by a gohst tonight
Deeead?
nope
I did
only you
Not me...
Going to go work on systems dev :( Be back later
night in... GOD DAMMIT!
............3 of then
No, but i got jack by a turtle :3
13moment, loading more music
BBL y'all
But good news though, I trapped Ghosties while I was Ghost busting as a Ghostbuster.
Bye Panda|Store
also Shizuka D: I wanna be around for your music, dont stop the playing :)
Bye Panda|Store! L3
*:3
13hold please :3
i wonder if Shizuka will be my nightmare night friend for life :3
Righ
the halloween map looks fun
I'm back after I lost internet
As I was sayig
oh
there is lyra
Welcome back Serenity2
We all wanted her to be our Nightmare Night friend...will ya Shizu? =3
Sometimes, I want to spear the guy who opened up Virgin
DEM ZOMBIE KIDS AGAIN
And with that
Bed time for me, while I unload some steam
13none of you are violet
?
Dat musical shooting :D
Night everypony
Oh my gosh I so want to share this 4th wall breaking nightmare night song
Oh, nvm. I get what you meant, Shizu.
night Serenity2
Imagine a violet team...hm.
Night, Serenity2. :)
Basically she hates all of you.
Goodnight Serenity2 :)
So stop talking.
Yep
NIght
Night Serenity
I hope Shizuka wouldn't mind if I post a song/video in here? just one
Night Serenity :)
bye everyone i might go on later but i have to go with some one and walk down a spooky lane :(
Bye, CCCP. :)
cya CCCP :)
Good bye and take care CCCP :)
sounds fun CCCP
Bye CCCP :)
CCCP: http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/bbd3be3092d6cb522b34c76f55d296c0.jpg "the candy is right there, please leave me alone :( "
MadSurgeon i dawww'd :$
<3 bye
They are all spawn camping XD
MadSurgeon: Daaaww!
MadSurgeon: dat pic gave me diabetes
Yaaaay~
almost done with that last CD, cant wait to play some TF2 :3
inb4 stream ends just when oni_link finishes the cd
IKR cachi01|scaryshit :|
lol
k
AJIsSpooky: http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/7882a1cfbc5df985efe3044281b816f4.png :3
MadSurgeon: Daww :$
MadSurgeon: that is adorable
MadSurgeon: I'm alergic to the Daaaaaww's!
Write faster CR-R drive!
*CD-R
Shizuka is having way to much fun killing me
:3
Pumpkins47: is that you ponies? :3
guys.....stahp
ur pics are giving me diabetes
AJIsSpooky: Too much Daaaawwws!
AJIsSpooky: awww even like that she's adorable :3
She is. :D
BRB
Is the big eye monster supposed to move like that?
why are there eyes for heads
oni_link: Yes :3
AJIsSpooky|AFK: Rainbow Dash's new haircut: http://sphotos-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/416930_492840540746906_363836756_n.jpg
:D
J_E_Smith71: Oh u Pinkie :D
J_E_Smith71: looks like pinkie was feeling.....naaaauughty
Alrightly guys I am going to bed now, goodnight everyone :)
Although letting Pinkie around anything that cuts hair is asking for it
dat music
bye Brovakiin|Assassin1
Night Brovakiin|Assassin1 :3
AJIsSpooky|AFK: whos she?
Nighty Brovakiin|Assassin1!
/me huggles everyone tightly :3
J_E_Smith71: :D
/me hugs back Brovakiin|Assassin1 :3
/me huggles Brovakiin|Assassin1 back
night Brovakiin|Assassin1
creepy_sprinkle: LOL Freaky Pinkie
hehe :3
Okay, lets DO THIS.
leroy?
JENNNNNNKINNNNNS
MadSurgeon: :D
oh my god he just ran in
Uuuum
How
Gonna boot up TF2
oni_link: DON'T JOIN BLU!
kinda weird were spending halloween/nightmare night here
Im auto joining like always and why Pumpkins47 ?
What if you had the Brundle Bundle and the deep voice thing at the same time?
oni_link: Everyone (Red) will kill the (squee) outta you
:D
oh o.o
eh, at my age, I don't go nowhere anyhow. I just fed a few trick-or-treaters peanut butter cups and then watched the restored version of Frankenstien on TMC.
hey Suinide
Hiya
how was it Kencolt
Dat mah high-five taunt
OCTOBERFEST!
It's a classic, and always will be. I'm talking the original Universal film with Karloff and Clive here.
must have been fun watching it
how ya doin?
Well, I have a good cable lineup.
yay
Okie, you?
same
Coooool happy halloween
Hai everypony, my internet decided to finally work
Hi DerpyMuffins :)
TCM now is what AMC used to be. AMC now is just another crap movie station with the same films all the time.
you too :)
Chat is just dead
Hai DerpyMuffins
Kencolt: they used to be good until they started having kids movies and B movies
how've you been DerpyMuffins
superscaryworld: Pretty much what I mean... not to mention all the damn commercials.
Alright alexxm
^,=,^ (commas are fangs...i guess...vampire, you get it)
Kencolt: ikr, but i was watching a fistful of dollars last week, no commercials. kinda strange
hahaha
superscaryworld: And a heck of a lot better, right?
eeyup
thank bronystate for that too
What is you up too?
TO THE PORTAL!
'sigh' i wish i can play this game
damn you lag!
^
superscaryworld: just get it! it's free
otakon: i have it, its just slow
Guess Im not the only one lagging otakon
I can use TF2 on this computer!:)
superscaryworld: lower settings to bare minimum
DerpyMuffins: no i meant for Shizuka I can see her character 'twitch'
otakon: where in the options of tf2?
So one of our tests is passing, but the feature is not actually working
superscaryworld: graphics ofc, lower all of the bars to the left
Cucumber, you are completely useless
otakon: k ill try it
So exactly what is the server name for Bronystate
>Expected more for Nightmare night
Or even better, the IP
haha
nothing much Suinide, you?
13ded chat is ded
^
6_9
I thought I was just lagging
Didn't even see you there, haha
Nothing out of the ordinary there then.
Zombie Chat?
From the TF2 wiki: " The maximum defined limit for MONOCULUS's level is 32,767."
yayzombiechat
Wednesday night is hardly the most active of nights.
Shizuka: it's the middle of the week and a storm just passed over for many of us
Im playin borderlands two cades, hopelessly addicted
haha no, it's this http://cukes.info/
friday night is most active night
GUESS THE REFERENCE
an easy one
CrimsonPhoenix: L
death note
yep
CrimsonPhoenix: L eating cake
easy
Looks fun
Useless testing thing we have to use for a group project
death note? i thought it was aladdin
Shizuka, have to go, you've got the rcon password?
What is the server name for Bronystate?
well i shud get ready to go to the huanted house cya everypony:)o da huan
Shizuka, map [mapname] should actually change the map but it does restart it first for some reason
cya scout19_tf2 :)
bye scout19_tf2 , have fun
see ya scout19_tf2
Conyst, bluenote.ariscop.net, password is ponies
Bye scout19_tf2 :)
Bye scout19_tf2
and now i must go
Bye Phase4
Bye Phase4 :)
night guys
Mm.
He's good
I keep telling him to come on here but he never does
brb there are some zombies and ghosts knocking at my door
Night alexxm :)
Night, alexxm
see ya Phase4 , alexxm
cachi01|scaryshit: Get the Shotgun >:3
Oh so he thinks hes too grown up now?
/me gets the bazooka
Better choice :3
>:3*
Well he does work and take classes full time
So he doesn't have a lot of free time
I was kidden
I know :P
Cya alexxm
I dont get on very often so i kinda doubt wed be on at the same time
Oh man Tara went as Twilight for Halloween, and her mom-in-law went as Celestia: https://twitter.com/tarastrong/status/263808009673797632/photo/1/large
k im back
holy shit there was a girl with 3 buckets full of candy
cachi01|scaryshit: Oh shit :O
Did you steal it >:3
I'm on all the time now
Do you work?
nah...... the rocket launcher destroyed the candy
Yep
Not full time though
I work 3 different jobs but they're all very part time
J_E_Smith71: celestia is twilight's mother in law CANON
Oh mai
I need a job
And I kinda do freelance web development now sorta
Oo
Twilight is Celestia's niece
/me gangnam styles to the fridge
Chat is just dad
dead
I have one job for sure with that, maybe two or three if the clients ever get back to me
/me should not be playing TF2
/me just shouldn't
Hai Domo
Hi ouo
Cri
J_E_Smith71: wow fun mom
i am bread
eat me while i sleep.
/me barfs on the TF2 Server
good night :3
bye Lyra|in_bread
Night Lyra|in_bread
oh no its lagging
j/k
LOL EA LOST $381 MILLION
Nice, where do you work work?
LOL
Ded
Lmao!!
bye everypony, happy nightmare night :)
Cya flutterchu! Back at you! :$
Bye flutterchu :)
bye flutterchu
A sandwich shop and a coffee shop for campus food service, and the school IT department
cya flutterchu :)
cachi01|scaryshit: lost on what?
idfk they just lost tons of money and thats funny
why, the coffee shop thing? :P
Lol yes
/me gets out the shock paddles
cachi01: But, their market strategy is so brilliant! Steal competitor's ideas and try to make them sound original, add shitloads of DRM and other nasty components, act genuinely surprised when people point out that they don't like this sort of thing.
:D
that is my favorite of the three jobs
Why aren't they just rolling in dough?
Maybe I am a hipster ._.
Whys that?
:<
It's the least boring, and I like my coworkers
If your a hipster i probably havnt hear of it yet so...uh oh
there ya go, AScaryFluffyThing
And if I make extra of stuff I get to drink it :P
Remind me never to play with Shizuka in TF2
guys, I'm scared http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2347497/
She is really scary
HO HO HO ITS TIME TO DIE!
CrimsonPhoenix: Cyborg santa claus :D
DerpyMuffins, you can play with Shizuka....just don't play against her
Ewww
CrimsonPhoenix: GARBAGE DAY
cachi01|scaryshit: XD
CrimsonPhoenix: Futurama much?
MadSurgeon: i love that line :D
lol, I'm guessing you don't like coffee?
Ive only really had it once, but it was disgusting, havnt tried it again
who says it's a cyborg
but yeah futurama
CrimsonPhoenix: his eyes
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Halloween Charity Albums
Kinda like breakfast burritos, disgusting little things
ooooooh
ew, I don't like those either
One bad one ruins it :P
I love coffee though
Idk im sure id have to try more
and smoothies, we make those too
Some people just don't like it
is it just me or tara has giant bewbz?
Well yah
I hate soda and beer and everyone seems to love those
I hate soda, and am too young for eer
Beer
cachi01|scaryshit: not giant, but she's a really pretty woman
Haha thanks, happy Halloween to you :P
Mr Strong is one lucky man
You hate soda too??
Well I just sent my movies for movie night
You're like the first person ever who agrees with me on that
hello every one ^^
Hi Cow334 :3
Hey Cow334!
Hai cow334
happy holloween as well
^^
Hi cow334
You mean Nightmare Night?
cachi01|scaryshit: Are you basing that off the picture I showed earlier? http://sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash3/553975_432704503463440_464076862_n.png
*vampire bites* oo...b+ hate everything carbonated really
hai DerpyMuffins MadSurgeon AScaryFluffyThing
Same ._.
and thelonepony
And ice cream, ice cream sucks
DerpyMuffins: ..hmm that too
J_E_Smith71: nope but XDD
J_E_Smith71: ...that is the creepiest thing I've ever seen O__O
J_E_Smith71: im based on tara's twitter profile pic
and in that twilight cosplay pic
Wat
they are big
Ice cream is the best
really big
Wat what
Nope
/me slaps chat
WAKE UUUUP
Ice cream is the stuff yetis crap in dumpsters wen we arnt looking
13they are too afraid of me
I know I am
Lol
D: no it's not
cachi01|scaryshit: did you know that Univision is showing a Micheal Miers movie right now?
not a big fan of halloween movies
thats cool
Did you guys hear, Disney bought Star Wars
ill watch it :3
They didn´t mess up the avengers
DerpyMuffins: yeah there was a discussion about it yesterday
Not Star Wars, but Lucus Stuidos
so it might be watchable
Shizuka is just too spicy for them to handle
brb
Is
hey maybe ep 7 will be a spin off with jar jar binks and mickey mouse as the protagonists!
INTRODUCING THE NEW MAIN CHARACTERS
Shhh, chat is sleeping here.
DARTH MICKEY
Hai Derpy_Hooves
and goof skywalker
Shizuka: can i join
Dolan SKywalker
^
Gooby solo
cabhi pls
Gooby sith
Bob Faith plz
:D
:D Still trying to get my head around Princess Leia as a Disney Princess
:D
^
That would be........INTERESTING..
Id rather drink pop i think
My GF wanted to be Prencess Leia on Halloween
CypressWerewolf: ikr lol
dat leaked footage from Ep 7
J_E_Smith71: He seems....unhappy.
^
AJIsSpooky: Note that the picture is actually a year or two old
Ah.
She even bought the episode 6 costume of Leia
Long before he sold it
he knew what was going to happen :O
Coulcn't you just airblast the rockets back at it?
How did Disney even afford Lucus studios?
*Couldn't
They spend a crap load on Marvel a few years ago
DerpyMuffins: its fuckin disney it can afford you, it can afford me, it can afford anyone of us
ONLY 4?
it was way more
not just 4
Disney got it cheap
:O
Oh yeah
Its that awful
Yes it was just $4.5 bil
I hope the next time you eat it, you get ice cream cancer
:(
Wow not even 4.5
Kidding no sad
BARELY OVER 4.
Wait are they doing old school Disney with Lucus studios?
Okay I read it wrong
damn
/me goes to 9gag
I have returned to my rightful place, Bronystate
just as i expected
wb TOY_PON3 :)
/me sits down and watches stream
Welcome back, TOY_PON3. :)
:3
shitloads of posts about disney + star wars
:3
Welcome back TOY_PON3
Hai TOY_PON3
That's about the same they paid for Marvel, $4.2 for that
Hey everyone :)
^
AJIsSpooky: http://denver.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw575_Applejack_Spooky.gif
It was more expensive to buy Pixar, which was 7 nil
so does this mean we will have a deadpool sith?
bil
So both Marvel and Lucus studios for less than 10 billion total?
Can airblasts negate the charge from Demomen?
RoboGerbil: Most likely
Ello everyone
Hi Psycho
creepy_sprinkle: I'm saving that. ;D
Hey TOY_PON3 long time no see :3
hoi Psycho
Hai Psycho
yes, i believe it does
RoboGerbil: Yep we're getting more films
*:D
*gives pokeman icecream*
Alright, thanks. :)
Hey Psycho
Pumpkins47: O U x3
TOY_PON3: :)
I guess how good it is depends on what director gets put in charge of it
what happens if Disney sets its sights on Habro? O_O - :) try sleeping with that thought
Hi, Psycho. :)
No just no CypressWerewolf
Like this guy? http://img.pokemondb.net/artwork/vanilluxe.jpg
XDDDD http://d24w6bsrhbeh9d.cloudfront.net/photo/5722815_460s.jpg
well as far as the movie industry goes, 4 bil to make a movie or 3 isnt unheard of
I'm going to go play TF2 for a bit
WAIT FOR ME GUYS!
I don't want to see Disney buying out Hasbro.
^
^^
^^^
No the more famous one, but i find it odd you had that so quickly..
^^^^
v
Google... :P
wait.. hasbro... doesnt hasbro own wizards of the coast?
>
Hasbro and Disney should stay two separate things
It's your friend
^^^
Greetings chat, i come from the future. It is a sad time, there are only two major powers left, Hasbro and Disney. The war between them is furious, many losses have happened.
Are there still ponies eyepatch_sprinkle?
"eyepatch sprinkle" I see what you did there. :D
hi eyepatch_sprinkle
xD
hasbro wins with ponies
http://d24w6bsrhbeh9d.cloudfront.net/photo/5728230_460s.jpg
^
DerpyMuffins: there are, but there have been many losses, the ponies are suffering against the onslaught of disney
13hopefully that actually works
/me slaps Jmo around a bit with a large trout
Not possible
<_<
chav pls
:D
Server shutted down AGAIN!
Was not me
13hopefully it comes back up on its own >>
13i issued a mapchange to cp_manor_event
yay
I wish this laptop could run TF2
Either way that was quick
anyway, which one of you is john connors
...Not me.
I'm a fast typer, okay? :P
dat kick
dat ban
???
Nerd
13but this will bring our stream of scream fortress 2 to a close!
AScaryFluffyThing: Ban?
13hope everypony had lots of fun
I sure did.
AJIsSpooky yep
Thanks for stream Shizuka
Yesyes x3
lol "Shizuka	hopefully it comes back up on its own >>" that could be an awesome quote for future purposes
13the server will still be going, hopefully
Good game everyone !!
O:
AScaryFluffyThing: Who?
Domo~
Thanks for the awesome stream, Shizuka
Good game~! and Hi Jmo~
Shizuka: Plus, we made a good team.
13bluenote.ariscop.net password 'ponies'
nuuu halloween dont end
:3
Thanks, Shizu. :)
I guess there's no use denying it
Thanks, Shizu.
Thanks Shizuka
13now i will hand it back to SB to finish reading whatever he found in the library today
thanku Shizuka
SB reading?
Considering I'm both programming and on IRC right now
11,01Had fun.
Well you are an IT person too
Im out as well everyone, nice playing with you all! :)
True...
Cya oni_link
BYe, oni_link. :)
Jmo o.o
bye oni_link
Cya oni_link!
wait oni_link Nooooo
Dammit
Heheh
Everyone is leaving right when I make my return
Im still here TOY_PON3
Wow you're on bronystate
wat is dis
Jmo
it's a miracle
so who voices Merasmus
TOY_PON3 you get that for overthinking
I was just about to get off too TOY_PON3 lol
11,01I'm going to bed. Night everyone.
Jmo: And its the REAL TOY_PON3 on :D
Night Nittany_Discord
nightu Nittany_Discord
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: I always do that
night Nittany_Discord
Night, Nittany_Discord <3
Agile_Brony shush
Cya Nittany_Discord!
Night, Nittany_Discord. :)
night Nittany_Discord
because he sounds very familiar
Night Nittany_Discord
Cya Nittany_Discord
Night Nittany_Discord :)
13have fun ponies~
RaveBrony: What?
Night Nittany_Discord
What is Twilight dressed as AJIsSpooky?
HAPPY NIGHTMARE NIGHT EVERYPONY :)
Shizuka: a'www bye Shizuka
Cya Nittany_Discord! :)
Merasmus is voiced by Nolan North.
Bye Shizuka! :)
Happy Nightmare Night to you too, RDash5000
Night Shizuka and Nittany_Discord
Aw thanks for fun Shizuka
Hi RDash5000 :)
Lol i love it when your friends have creepy friends because you get to hear about all the akwardness from afar :3
ah, thank you
well it changed to manor but everyone left
happi nightmaru nightu to u as well RDash5000
/me huggles AScaryFluffyThing
Thanks for the stream, Shizuka
Hi, RDash5000! :)
Hi RDash5000! :)
Pumpkins47 is that you Ponies?
say yay if you got candy from little siblings!
/me noms Jmo's ear
:3
also, apparently some of the EVE online mods are bronies http://community.eveonline.com/devblog.asp?a=blog&nbid=73471
DerpyMuffins: Yep :3
AJIsSpooky: like the new name :)
I'm a pumpkin! ^^
Thanks, RDash5000. :)
Yup, no one can regonize Ponies without the 47.
^
ah, that's why he sounded familar
:3
^^
Go back to Ponies47!
>_>
:D
he voiced the defective turrets and cores in portal 2
But it's Halloween :<
Pumpkins47: so youre hitman pumpkin eh
TOY_PMPKIN
i don't need to change my name.
Bye again everyone LOL
Hi.
It's still Nightmare Night.
later oni
Hi UnfadingVirus :)
Bye oni_link.
And Hi UnfadingVirus.
seeya oni_link :)
Hi, UnfadingVirus. :)
also I like that Asuka wallpaper
http://youtu.be/nNxtuUN1Q0U
One of my freinds friends just randomly showed up at this time and started cooking
I think thats it for me tonight. Night guys
anyone new to the internet? http://d24w6bsrhbeh9d.cloudfront.net/photo/5727624_460s_v1.jpg
At your house? o_O
Night Obsidian
No lol my friends
CrimsonPhoenix: :D
Thats why i said it rules when your friends have creeepy friends
You know...everytime I show up to something. It always has to end
What the hell
Working as planned.
Dat silent hill
11,02Now, the continued story of Silent Hill, as read by Ghosties :)
Yay :3
:O
haha
08,01maid hour: http://imgur.com/UmF5h
11,02'Memories of the Lake Shore'
/me goes to be sad in the corner
04As narrated and acted by Ghosties....and boy was it a strain on my throat
HORY SHIT!
Dat quality .-.
Ghosties...you ARE Ghosties...
CrimsonPhoenix: This is hilairous! :D
/me hugs TOY_PON3 "its alright"
Ghosties: you porr bugger
and we'll censor derpy
best line
/me Changes back into a pony
Anything interesting?
:3
WbB Ponies47
cachio01: I'd enter that trap for 4 billion $
/me is bored
Welcome back Ponies47.
BRB borderlands skins!
04Well anyways, I hope people enjoy x_x
So, how was everypony's nightmare night?
So we haven't gotten to the Raven yet?
Holy crap guys it's 3:30 am here o_o Gotta go to bed! See you tomorrow :)
Night MadSurgeon :)
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Bronies React: Cupcakes
Night MadSurgeon
brb
J_E_Smith71: That was a while back man
Just before the TF2 Special
This picture... http://fav.me/d5gvith
perfect
CrimsonPhoenix: http://derpibooru.org/137917 :3
hey bronystate
Hi there Conyst~
Hi Conyst :)
CrimsonPhoenix: Ha awesome
hehe cute
Who's reading?
also SnailsxDiamond Tiara http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mcsdwolh8U1rxzaoho4_1280.png
CrimsonPhoenix: :D
04I am, Conyst
04It's a recording
Oh I thought it was live. Pfft
I gotta say
SnailsXDiamond will never happen
hia
I'm not mad that Moonstuck with be over soon
cause Slice of life is a lot better
04If I did it live...god
:P
04There's no way I could do it live, too much stuff going on this week
Hi slendy
DerpyMuffins, why not?
Diamond is too stuck up
and uptight
DerpyMuffins, but Snails is one heck of a stallion
well according to the comic
Not right now he isnt
which takes place several years later
so that's why it's funny
cause you don't expect that
I dont expect BluebloodXFluttershy
and it might happen
WHO KNOWS
Sorry, having a group meeting about stupid programming stuff
LOL http://d24w6bsrhbeh9d.cloudfront.net/photo/5723724_460s.jpg
I'll be kind of idle
AJIsSpooky, what's up with all those OCs
AJIsSpooky: Slender discord :3
don't tell me that's some tumblr circlejerk
post the fav link darling
Doubt it. :S
cya
CrimsonPhoenix: http://fav.me/d5joik0
I just like the artwork.
what's going on?
this some let'splay without the video?
<3
See ya, sorry I'm boring
Your not lol
ok it's only filled with dumb OCs OF THE PAST
:P
It's a reading
If your gonna be here tomorrow ill show up
WEll, I think I just had the worst Halloween ever....
I probably will
You wanna know why?
why?
I just avoided it.
What happened, GreenPony?
you had a bunch of little brats tresspass on your lawn?
Sweet, cya *bites*
GreenPony, no candy?
see ya
oh wait you might be some special snowflake
Ok, I giving away candy, wasn't dressed up in a costuem, just wore a MLP shirt, some jeans and some halloween makeup
Everything was going fine,
i can see where this is going
Till the last guy who visited my house wiht his kid
OLOLOLLO MLP SUX
I give his kid the candy, he notices my shirt
And you wanna know what he called me?
here we go
He called me a faggot
called it
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH
Buuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuurrrrn
o.o
I don't ANYONE has ever called me that before
HA, YOU'RE A CIGGERETTE!
^
And what make's it wors, he called me that just because of what I was wearing.....
GreenPony, and you care because?
And you took his candy back, right?
^
^^
I didn't do anything
So he thinks you're a bundle of sticks and branches bound together?
thats good too and oAO
GreenPony: How old are you and how old was this child?
the kid was 7, and im 17
I was dumbfounded that he called me gay in front of his kid
BREAKING NEWS Someone called another person a faggot, more at midnight
GreenPony: And why do you care what some little kid calls you?
08,01so, um
it wasnt the kid that called him
DocSane, this is what his father called him
That kid didn't call me a faggot
08,01i laughed way too hard at this: http://i.imgur.com/Bmdrs.jpg
Ooooh....
The fucking father did....
GreenPony: -shrug- It's a kid. Kids do dumb stuff --Oh the father called you that?!
Now that's just retarded..
GreenPony: i wouldve told him hes a terrible parent, i bet he wouldve lked that
I shut the door, went up to my room
...
GreenPony: I think we can conclude that the dad is a jackass.
Nah, just ignore people like him GreenPony.
And took the booze that was under my mattress and drank
...
Holy crap you did all that cause he called you a faggot?
Get your shit together man.
I know it seems like a bit of an overreaction
GreenPony, it is
But.....
Woah . . . .~.;
GreenPony: Kid, you need to be a little stronger in life.
I think im gonna get off now
Sooo I usually RP vidja games by naming my charactor after a pony char.
Il be on tomorrow, bye
Oh >: Ok...-hugs GreenPony-
GreenPony: you shouldnt care what he called you, but i would probably have told him to buck off and that hes a terrible parent lol
A lot of people gets called faggots and they TAKE it in.
Damn he needs to lighten up.
erm.. wat?
I recently got my hands on SKYRIM
People can be such idiots.
Running out of options I began to use the villians of MLP
StinkomanFan: ok seeya in like 4 days
You live your he live his
it stop there and you move on
now can you please stop being a special snowflake?
IN OTHER WORDS
That dad probably just did it without any thought. He ended up ruining that kid's evening.
CrimsonPhoenix: dude hes gone already, give it a rest wiseguy
oh...
didn't noticed that
And so begins the quest of THANE BLUEBLOOD, SAVIOR OF SKYRIM
And... mute.
I swear, some people act like gays, Muslims, and fat people are the last groups they can feel free to insult.
And suddenly chat goes silent for me...
Nermnermnerm.
jaymoo pls.
Do the Monster Mash
sprinkle and jaymoo stahp
what ayejay said
i dont even know what monster mash is
:O
nou eyjey
-_-
and u tehlonpon :I
sprinkles
u better stahp
Sprunkle no u
oi eyjey u startin'?
No
u startin
i'm so frustrated i could just scream...
oi stopstoppin an startin' eyjey
oi
you start stoppin' sprinkles
y u so upset RDash5000
oi' stop startn both of you :I
gearbox shift isn't lettin me sign up :/
oi eyjey i think tehlonpon be startin
sprinkles started it -_-
no thelonpon isn't. u r.
Sprankls Ps stop startin
Inb4 next person who says oi gets ban
pls*
Io
:3
derpeemoophins, pls
oi you startn derpymofoins
oh nevermind :)
oi, people r startin'?
What are we listinging to? Silent Ponyville?
SHADDUP STOOPID.
yesh :3
all u better stahp startin'
what ayejay sad
I'm nat stoopid, jaymoo.
Dem bad accents
U r stoopid
quet bein' meen
My good chap, i do believe that you are the one that is beginning this
nop
/me does the Monster Mash
Stahp calling ayejay stoopid jaymoo :I
I must now kindly ask you to seize starting
Dont try the British accent
Soilent Green is ponies!!!
.-.
I do declare, it was you that instigated this miniscule debacle.
y u not DerpyMuffins
Ayejay u r stoopid
IT'S PONIES!!!
*y not
:O
/me applauds :'D
ok you win AJIsSpooky , i cant top that :D
Jaymoo, your slanderous words do not affect me. You must attempt again, but with a stronger passion.
04Yeahhhhhhhhh that's it. Hooray for taking like 4 hours to read and record
U r stoopid Ayejay.
Thanks, Ghosties. :)
Thanks Ghosties
Thank you Ghosties~
origato Ghosties
/me slaps jaymoo
04Here's hoping Scoots gets to do his thing with Silent Ponyville
Ghosties, now do a dramatic reading of Background Pony <3
stahp it :I
Nop
GHOSTIES
04OH GOD IT'S GOING STILL
04HELP
No, Jaymoo. I am certainly most not. You are being very rude. I demand compensation, in the form of an apology. NOW.
WHAT?!
QUICK, LAUGH AT HIM
04I'VE LOST IT MAN
did it just....
04I'VE LOST IT
04HELP
How about NOO
04OH GOD
REPEAT?
xDD
ON IT'S OWN?
:D
uh
04SUPER
04SUPER
04HELP
???
lolz
04SAVE ME
SUPER
http://arch.413chan.net/MLp_-_Soylent_Green-%28n1301040597617%29.jpg
HALP
SB!
SHUT IT OFF!
PLS
Ghosties: thanks for the story though
?
11,02Huh?
04Yeah, no problem. I hope at least some of you guys enjoyed it :P
04Super, turn it off
NewSuperBronyU: its on a loop
11,02Why?
04It's done x_x
it repeated
11,02Alright :3
Uh SB, is this supposed to be happening?
04The deed is done
oooo play the monster mash :3
FiW Lunar Slander?
11,02I honestly don't understand what's going on...
dat buffer
VOICE
I hear someone!
FEMALE
dat r63 SB
wtf
http://inception.davepedu.com/
???
A Domo Stream :3
must be Domo
YAY Domo TALKS!
I can see me kind of
c:
Domo you steaming?
Heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeey Sexy Lady
What's going on?
o its a Domo streem!
Yay :3
oooooh
Oh, hello Domo. :)
HELLO
Yay Domo stream
/me throws CrimsonPhoenix into a pit of spikes
YES
Slender?
yeeeeeeeeeeeeees
YES play it
Yesh :3
dat Domo stream
PERFECT FOR HALLOWEEN
inb4 it goes away
$20 mode! :3
i thought Domo was a guy
/me deploy wings and fly with a blazing trail
creepy_sprinkle: Oh u :3
Domo: just make it windowed and have the screen capture on that window
[$(20)$]
Yo dawg I heard you like chats
:(
hello c:
next time twilight_sprinkle next time
Need facecam for Slender
ur the best
Hi ponykat :3
CrimsonPhoenix: whos twilight sprinkle
Next time creepy_sprinkle, clip his wings. ;)
that fine
Just remember Domo, Slenderman is only trying to return your wallet.
AJIsSpooky: will do
Inb4 lots of screaming
creepy_sprinkle: Or shoot him :3
>:3*
awwwwww yeah
Halloween
thelonepony: a little old school, but i guess that couldwork
fullscreen?
THIS IS HALLOWEEN THIS IS HALLOWEEN
so, who dressed up for halloween?
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Brony Thank You Fund Charity Calendar
I didn't.
Domo stream?
not me
My GF did
not me
Oh my ears, please have mercy on them.
Isn't there a map for this game?
She went as Leia
i dressed up as a student staying at home and doing his homework
Do not scream ;_-;
00,10Prepare yourselves, the bells have tolled! Shelter your weak, your young and your old! Each of you shall pay the final sum! Cry for mercy; the reckoning has come!
11,02I hear ponies O3O
Sumica: ???
;p;
/me noms on Domo
Domo can the slender window be fullsceened
DUN DUN
Dat Sumica
I dressed up as a gamer
I was The Master :D
AlienWarhead: she wants to see the chat
/me tap tap tap tap
11,02HIDE YO KIDS
11,02HIDE YO WIFE
*:)
Is this 20-dollar mode?
http://arch.413chan.net/MLp_-_Soylent_Green-%28n1301040597617%29.jpg
TREES
AScaryFluffyThing: Nope. :(
NewSuperBronyU AND HIDE YO HUSBAND
AScaryFluffyThing: what is so good about 20 dollar mode?
wait, wrong link
Blind playthrough.
otakon ok btw it that fan in the background?
no, $20 mode is when it's played in daytime
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/10/31/v3br1Z-1KkWhiSkZKXJvJw2.png
AlienWarhead: eeyup
Fluffffeh
AScaryFluffyThing: It's what happends when you see Slenderman.
wait you pay 20 bucks just so you can PLAY IT IN THE DAY?
*happens
REALLY?
otakon, only funny part is the music that plays cause then it's just too random
Oh god, Slender...
that is the STUPIDEST THING
otakon: No. :D
<_<
then WHAT is the point of the 20 dollar mode?
otakon, i've never played it. I've seen LPs of it and I laugh at how...randomly weird it is
Bet you Domo only gets 5/8 pages
Welp time for bread. Good night everypony :)
otakon: its prolly more like a donation with an extra mode
bye Ponies47
Slender, the game where cats fall on pianos
Night Ponies47 :)
Just say to yourself while playing this: "It's just a game".
otakon: You unlock it when you beat nighttime. Something.....SPECIAL happens when you see him.
bai Ponies47 :3
Bye, Ponies47. :)
Cya Ponies47
otakon no in $20 the song "gimme 20 dollars" plays when you see Slenderman
KITTY
Bye Ponies47.
Bye Ponies47
g'night Ponies47
someone playing slender ? or it's a vid
well, it's kinda less scary in $20 mode, but it's harder to avoid slender
00,10needs better screen lineup
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: It's Domo. :3
oh yeah, I'm back
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Domo :3
that's what I've heard anyways
hey
Wb Lunar_Brony :)
Hay
Hai Lunar_Brony
Hey is for horses
/me needs candy
08,01i hear some kind of washing machine in the background
RoboGerbil: :D
RoboGerbil: :D
Unfortunately, we only got 25 trick-or-treaters this year.
08,01Lunar_Brony: how many did you eat?
So Domo also uses a fan to cool her laptop?
Walking...and walking....and walking...
I use a 12-inch fan to cool mine
08,01Domo cools her laptop in a tumble dryer
AJIsSpooky: ..... :s
can't hear the game?
00,10set computer to fluff
AJIsSpooky: seee i said she had evil inside her
looks like someone hasn't set stereo mix
Domo plays Slenderman: Slenderman dies of old age!
DUN DUN DUN
00,10well at least we dont have to hear the static sound
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire, Part 1" airs in 9 days, 11 hours, 54 minutes, 4 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
00,10and the cats falling on piano sound
Sumica: I can hear it
Or UNDEAD!
OH GOD I CAN HEAR IT
DUN DUN DUN!
IT'S COMING Domo
uh oh
IT IS COMING
RUN
Ruuuuuuuun!
All I hear is Domo and the fan
Oh god...I see the static!
RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUN
DON'T LOOK BACK
heeeeeeey guuuuuuuuuys
00,10spin around quickly is frightens him off
:D
It's okay, Domo. :D
I'd play this but I don't want to wet mysel...
Can I be in the streeeeeeeeeeeeeeeam
*self
PAGE GET!
Ok headphones help a little, but now I hear a wooshing sound
Page numbah 1!
page 1
I still say Domo gets 5/8 pages
you got a page do do dodoooooooo
1/8
I just realised this is Slender.
bet she gets 2 more
It is...
1/8 would not collect
Welp, i instaled Amnesia tonight. After about 10 minutes i said "nope, another time".
I was too scared to play Amnesia
Oi don't be a wuss SirGanjalf
That's a great game.
AJIsSpooky: i see what you did there...
SirGanjalf: That's about what happened when I installed it 2 months ago...
:3
that's why i said another time, not "never"
I love amnesia
I never played it myself, but one of my friends at school got it onto a Mac and just turned up the brightness so much that it was like day.
ok, so the tf2 server is up without a password
stop looking up and down:[
I hear if you turn your flashlight off and run foward for a minute your face will be right in Slenderman's crouch
bluenote.ariscop.net
Doitnao.
feel free to share it around
Domo: it's Slender not Call of Cthulhu
there is no sanity in this game!
00,10somewhere out in the darkness, slenderman is doing his wash
^
so who is streaming?
You are 100% insane all the time
Sumica: does that mean hes naked?:S
Sumica: You can't wash tuxedos silly
RDash5000: Domo
I was too scared to play this or Amnesia...but had the guts to play Eversion...
...Ain't I a stinker?
ah. thank you :)
Sumica you dry clean a tux, not wash it
I chickened out after getting the first page
^
^^
I screamed like my GF when i played this
Master_of_War: No he washes he head to keep it white and clean
Besides, i wasn't sleeping to good lately. I'm tired and want have my brain against me,
00,10creepers freeked me out more then slender
*to
Wo who is streaming?
Domo is
Sumica: so true...
Barb|HipsterHippy: Domo is
:3
Ah
Domo! :3
Sumica gah, don't get me started on the dreaded Creeper..
That'ssss a very nice houssssse you have there sssssssss Sumica
Turn around Domo
Its me.
Mario
Now look back at your tree.
Its not me
imagine: Slendercreeper
I hasss a very nice taco...
The Silence are Slenderman's babies.
/me fought creepers in borderlands 2 and emerged victorious
...But I ated it.
hi Domo
Barb|HipsterHippy: Its a mario
SirGanjalf, let's not.
VenHurlloween: ;~;
The Names Golakka, Gol Golakka
Don't we already have one of those? I think they're calld Endermen.
getting hungry while waiting for slender to show up
walking through an abandoned mine shaft, torches everywhere, know the place like the back of your hand, sealed off every entrance and exit. Turn a corner and come, quite literally, face-to-face with a Creeper.
I lost 3 diamonds.
RoboGerbil: :D
Lunar_Brony: Play Tekkit, diamonds are LOL DIAMONDS after a while
AScaryFluffyThing: Meh, i googled him. Bastard isn't scary at all: http://i.imgur.com/391El.png rather silly
Lunar_Brony, the last thing you see is the black in those emotionless eyes as you hear the dreaded hiss and you think to yourself, "Oh, SHI--!"
RoboGerbil: So THAT'S how she's been living so long. :D
RoboGerbil: young celestia and luna get me every time :3
SirGanjalf, aww I'd keep him as a friend :3
she missed soo many pages
Really Sumica?
Hey is the flashlight dieing
Sumica: damn
Aww...poor Sumi.
scarfoot?
That's odd I got ejected fromchat
00,10have a cat behind me irl decide to hiss at somthing outside.
AScaryFluffyThing nah, I threw my old, crap-tastic keyboard at my old, crap-tastic monitor with a blood-curdling scream.
:D
That sucks, Sumica.
00,10fell out of my chair
what is this game?
...wait did you guys do the Raven already in the 20 mins I was gone?
00,10slices my foot on my KB tray.
DED
DEAD
Didn't see him once
GAME OVER YYYEEEEAAAHHH
I no longer have the keyboard, monitor, or ability to scream.
faitallity
Sumica: dayum, i remembe hissing over skype and scaring my friends lul
oh
Lunar_Brony, sucks
BRONYSTATECEPTION
who's streaming?
Domo
Dark_Horst: Domo
Domo, :3
Me ouo
AlienWarhead: DEAD. DEAD. DEEEEEAD. YOU ARE DEAD. DEAD. DEEEEAD
Twas special indeed
Now Domo beats her computer up
she dead
use of crowbar recommended
coming up next: SCP-087b, Amnesia and SH2
Dark_Horst: agreed
00,10why 8 pages?
*shrugs*
Speaking of spooky stuff, gonna fire up Arkham City and hear Calander Man's Halloween story
Eh dunno.
Why 8, why not 13?
Sure.
yes
00,10why not zoidburg
Yes after you lift off
Zoidberg is best pony.
yes but this time do better
Random Sumica is random
AScaryFluffyThing not really; I was having problems with my good stuff and got bored of waiting for the glue to dry. I was going to throw away the crap-tastic stuff anyway.
Sumica: Rotate 8 by 90 degrees and you get infinity symbol - that's how long you will seek those pages.
13http://i.imgur.com/tEeGr.jpg
Lunar_Brony: Ohh
Shizuka: ................???
imagine if this sound just came out of nowhere during the game http://inception.davepedu.com/ :D
XD
Anyone listening to Slender WITH LYRICS while playing Slender?
Dat Shizuka
Shizuka, that looks like an awesome place to work wherever that is
08,01if you had to pick one of the mane 6 to be hugged by, which would you choose, and why?
RDash5000 imagine that . . . every time you see a Creeper in Minecraft.
Shizuka, I saw that earlier XD
Lunar_Brony: i'd have a fucking heart attack :D
13vivi because vivi
Phase4: :D
ughhh he moves so slow
YOU'RE TOO SLOW!
00,10http://tinyurl.com/bn26fd7
duh, those trees are really the evil Ents. true story.
and not for the whole "LOL Rainbow Dash iz best cuz she Rainbow Dash". I probably wouldn't be watching MLP if Rainbow Dash weren't awesome enough to fight in (and win) a DEATH BATTLE!!
Sumica: NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO
I can't hear the music can anypony else?
13Sumica: ponytail fetishism, only in japan
Sumica, oh lord
Shizuka :O
Sumica: :S
Shizuka: :O
back with popcorn
so what did I miss?
not much
ponykat: trees
WB ponykat. She died.
ponykat: Slender
THE END
also Inception button
Hi Kawaii_icybeauti :3
Hi, Kawaii_icybeauti! :)
Hi Kawaii_icybeauti
INCEPTION BUTTON WOOOOOOOOOOOO http://inception.davepedu.com/
Happy Nightmare Night! :)
Fetish towards a haircut? That's... selective.
^
hi Kawaii_icybeauti
Imagine this as a movie...Nothing but 2 or 3 hours of walking...and walkin-Ooh a note! More walkin-OH GOD IT'S SLENDER! FUUUUCK! ...More walking.
DUN DUN DUN
hi the thelonepony AScaryFluffyThing AJIsSpooky
40 minutes till November on the East Coast
RDash5000: man, you do love that button :3
Kay got a nightmare night name
Kawaii_icybeauti when I read "molest fest" I spat Coke all over my recently cleaned monitor.
Legit
thelonepony: it is the best button ever. of all time
00,10you know the menu music from Deusex goes well with this
^
Argh
Haha-yeah, never played Deus Ex
???
It does? And why I've never heard of that?
Lunar_Brony: Really? Wow, a small word can go a long way
hambeast??
^ :S
oh btw
Hambeast?
Skyfall is fucking awesome
Creepy_icybeauti heh, yeah. You got any Windex?'
Dafuq is a Hambeast?
What is a hambeast?
Lunar_Brony: Sorry, I don't have any
What's a hambeast? :S
^
^^
today is also ROYAL CANTERLOT VOICE DAY!
Its an incredibly fat person, A beast made of ham
>>>
:D
Golakka: OH U
Creepy_icybeauti: HUZZAH
Creepy_icybeauti: INDEED
Creepy_icybeauti: LET US PREPARE THE FESTIVITIES FOR THIS MOMENTOUS OCCASION!
00,10ponyup
Creepy_icybeauti: I SAY
YES! THE FUN WILL BE DOUBLED!!
Domo time to WOMEN THE FUCK UP!!
40 minutes till November on the East Coast!
AJIsSpooky: SHOULD WE PREPARE THE FEAST?!
its a woman the size of a mini van with bo
thelonepony: YES! WE SHOULD!
00,10dont make me set no caps mode
10 DAYS
....
okay
Sorry, Sumi. :D
>rock
A ROCK!?!
Sorry sumi.....The royal canterlot voice is fun...
Domo: you're scaring yourself calm down
>SLENDER!!
it's TOM!
sumica you can do that?
ENDER!
Tom, what are you doing in this game? :S
HERE COMES TOM!
00,10yes
...whoa
00,10inb4 fence
tom!!
:D
Tom's brother, Tim!!!
you died
tentacles
ded
Creepy_icybeauti: ISNT THIS A FINE DAY OF BEING THOU IN THY CHATROOM, SPEAKING THY THIS!?
a'www she got told to keep it down
Tom got you
-Found any pages? -http://acrossthestreetnet.files.wordpress.com/2010/10/i-got-a-rock.png
Domo: was that your mom telling you to keep it down?
DINKLEBERG.........
YES IT IS, TODAY HAS BEEN FUN FOR THOU OF US@
otakon: Oh lol you guys heard that >u>;
Domo: yes :P
^
dat typing
Domo: don't worry it happens :P
lolol o3o yeah =w=;
Beat the crap out of that computer
i should leave now... i'm about to pass out
orosekgowek
???
Domo: Yes... :P
lol :D
Yeah, you shouldn't. :D
Domo: do you have Amnesia?
goodnight everybody. :)
night RDash5000
Night, RDash5000 :)
Cya RDash5000
nighty night~
Night RDash5000 :)
g'night RDash5000
Night RDashie.
night RDash5000
yay! goodnight Domo
13http://i.imgur.com/4RPTt.jpg
g'night RDash5000
night RDash5000
Happy nightmare night RDash5000
Shizuka :O
Happy Halloween (Nightmare Night) everypony :D
cachi01|scaryshit: -nathan explosion no-
Hi Squallken :)
lol
Take your time, Domo. :)
Hi, Squallken. :)
Shizuka look on the bright side: Lightsabre Keyblades in Kingdom Hearts!
^
^^
^^^
<>
PWNING HEARTLESS WITH THE FORCE!
TEH FAWRCE!
well my Halloween is complete
The next step is to get me into the Kingdom Hearts series . . .
hi Squallken
Lunar_Brony: ok step 1 get kh
Lunar_Brony: If only it had Deadpool
Lunar_Brony: step 2 play for 10 minutes
and thats it
yes
WOO HOO! I'M PWNING NAZIS WITH A KEYBLADE!
The horrors
it also means indiana jones is now a disney princess
........
WAT?!
VenHurlloween: Be Prepared
Indiana Jones and the Goblet of Goofy's Granduer
Doesnt disney own marvel as well?
yep
cachi01|scaryshit you see, there's a problem with that: I don't have Kingdom Hearts or any system to play it on.
that sucks
Rock The Casbah
pony_1398: Why? Avengers were cool?
*weren't
nah disney is doing a very good job with marvel
THE DEATH STAR, with mickey mouse ears
:D
lets just hope they dont fuck up star wars
And that's how Equestria was made! Maybe next week Domo will tell us how Slender started!
>Watching Marble Hornet videos
>NO NO NO NO NO NO NO
YES
YEEEEEEEEEEEES
What's next?! Disney owning HASBRO?!
MARBLE FUCKING HORNETS
YES
VenHurlloween oh gawd, I hope not.
...Imagine ponies with Mickey Mouse ears...
...The horrors...
WHO IS STREAMING?
Domo.
Domo
Domo.
Me ouo
-waves-
Domo: OK go and start with introduction
/me waves at Domo
Domo: then entry 1
Domo: then after entry 9 click the video response
So Domo is now a streamer? Howdy Domo!
wat
Assassins Creed
Domo: whenever u see a video response in a marble hornets vid click it after u wathc the entry
Goodnight BronyState
dat liberation
night alien
Night, AlienWarhead. :)
g'night cachi01|scaryshit
im so getting that ame
game*
Night AlienWarhead
nIGHT AlienWarhead :)
00,10Domo, you are gonna need to set up stream diferently
night AlienWarhead :)
night AlienWarhead
I want my PS3 controller to be a PSVita...
00,10no one can hear what you hear in your current setup
Sumica: I just realized that xDD Thank you
/me looks at controller.
Let me switch the stream
Brb~
WHY U NO CHANGE CONTROLLER?
awww damn
?
I havent talked to Suinide in so long :(
oh hey, the tapes
/me dances
/me yawns
marble hornets marble hornets yayayayayyayayaaaaaaaay
oh, didn't know you knew him
Am I back on?
Domo: Yup.
So this was lame, plans got delayed because my friend has to babysit his sister who is in highschool and is perfectly capable of watching herself...
Domo: yep :)
so waht'd I moss after the silent hill reading?
All righty~ So lets have some Marble Hornets
dem ghost pings
yay :3
http://i.imgur.com/YaEPL.jpg
Domo: remember if the video has a video response click it
Marble Hornets? I don't suppose I heard of it...
/me prepares the Nightmare Fuel tanks
well I'm not saying we know eachother REAL well
AScaryFluffyThing: ahaha wat?
Ahahaha Marble Hornets.
AScaryFluffyThing: :D
but we talked every time both of us were on
You're in for a treat Ven... >;)
mostly about skylanders
ah
00,10Some time soon Domo I need to train you a bit with streaming. Who ever showed you how has shamed themeselves
He used to be a LOT different
13wasn't it elsie
00,10dont know
00,10was working that day
00,10happend rather fast
Nic Cage as Hermione in the Harry Potter movie
^
lol
OH GOD MY MIND IS MELTING
so wait, what is this?
I have no idea...
Marble Hornets
it's always fun to see some new peeps in streaming
It's a horror web show... thing
and it is about . . ?
AScaryFluffyThing: nic cage as the entire cast of harry potter
creepy_sprinkle, oh lord
Well, I have my 2 gallons of brain bleach at the ready.
JAMES WITH BOOBS
that was it?
Im guessing its done in parts
that was the intro
the origin of Slenderman
I get it now
Ah
Lunar_Brony: lol nope
Ads >_>;
than WTF is it!?!?
Domo: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wmhfn3mgWUI&playnext=1&list=PL528325DE2AD95BA3&feature=results_main
Y U NO GET ADBLOCK?!
AJIsSpooky: you sure that's enough?
00,10disney wut?
STREAMCEPTION
Sumica: eeyup
>slenderman arf
00,10oh no adblock
arg*
You're right, oni_ghost.
Hi Ralph!!
I NEED MORE.
>disney ad
dis is gonna be good
Even though this is gonna be a kickass movie
>2012 >no adblock
I want to see it
Oh, it's this Friday?
Sumica: relevant http://derpiboo.ru/128869
eeyup
You are young in the ways of the Stream Domo
??
Now, I have 5 gallons of brain bleach at the ready.
oh god
OH GOD
THIS IS THAT SERIES
AJIsSpooky: Maybe a tank truck full of it!
/me runs the hell out of chat
One minute
... ... ... what is this?
ABANDON THREAD!
I only seeing it for the cameos.
/me mutes stream and instantly takes away all the scary out of it
I won't need any - I'm just a husk now. :)
ABANDON THREAD!
Domo: use the List i sent you it will be easier :)
"Bring the truck around over here!"
/me throws otakon away from the stream
This will be Interesting
/me flies away
Allright, now I have a TANK TRUCK full of brain bleach.
Bye bye otakon :3
what's this?
slenderman?
Marble Hornets
AScaryFluffyThing: marble hornets
Never heard of it.
13http://i.imgur.com/zpdED.jpg
marble hornets?
AJIsSpooky: Is good amount, good for sharing :)
from what I can tell, something about Slenderman
AScaryFluffyThing: u r about to watch one of the best args ever
/me shares some with oni_ghost
ahahaha XD nice pic
Shizuka: LAWL
fukkin Flash :<
So... this is basically a indie horror movie?
is this some sort of fake evil scare thing?
SirGhouljalf: series*
kind of
00,10you know for as long as that image took to load spooky06905, i was wondering why you linked me to a pony calender
SirGhouljalf: and pretty good actually
/me takes the bleach AJIsSpooky gave him and is ready in case something happens
Yeah, Roger Ebert even watches it. Srsly.
it's something to do with Slenderman I think
Lunar_Brony: yes
Shizuka: Captain Jack In The Box?
Hooray!
Shizuka, Pirates of the Jack-in-the-Box?
I got something right!
otakon: :D
otakon seems legit
eeyup
I'm sorry. This is getting way too intense for me\
Good night and Happy Halloween (Nightmare Night) :D
oh haha
Sumica: tab fail?
g'night Squallken
HAHAAHAHA
Night, Squallken. :)
Night Squallken :)
O GOD ITS A GUY IN GLASSES RECORDING HIMSELF AHHHHH
Night Squallken
i'm going to cheat at Slenderman game
00,10yeah too many people being unorignal with names
00,10ment to SpookyRush
It is that 'any moment something will jump out and scare you'
LuigiNut02 yeah, that totally doesn't remind me of myse-uuuh, a friend >_>
I just woke up go away Sumica
hai bronystate
Lunar_Brony: sounds like a guy I know too
/me starts a game, and then calibrates his display profile to best revel the game with the flashlight off :D
hi Brony2447|SugarRush
How do you send stuph to a specific user?
Hi, Brony2447|SugarRush. :)
its swinging by itself!
Hi Brony2447|SugarRush :3
Hi Brony2447|SugarRush
00,10I was here first you go away
Brony2447|SugarRush: hello :)
woah wtf
can you repeat that
No volume?
ello Brony2447|SugarRush
Oh, nvm
.
AJIsSpooky: this one has no sound
Ads =w=
^^
dem ads
streamception
CHATCEPTION!
Domo: use the list :D
how different?
STREAMCEPTION
I wanna see that movie -^.^-
^
did he grow up? :P
gonna see that movie
SO
MUCH
cachi01|scaryshit: wait wut
WANT
and yes the movie looks awesome <3
Domo: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wmhfn3mgWUI&playnext=1&list=PL528325DE2AD95BA3&feature=results_main
Funny. Sonic and Browser - but no Mario
Bowser :P I'm tired
flutterspin hahaha, they couldnt afford him
Thanks! :'D and xD
flutter_spin: They couldn't find a way to incorporate him into the movie, that's why.
this better sumi ?
Yeah. I saw the link.
flutter_spin: It's cause they wanted Mario to have a strong role, ya.
Maybe he got drunk from the London games and forgot about his cameo...
Domo: u r welcome :D
Just kidding.
00,10good enough
I saw the comic.
flutter_spin: Greedy, whisker bastard values himself
its a strider! :O
?
:s
???
What?
Why dont companies get that live action = crap and all we want to see is our games with good CGI
?
From Half-Life?
00,10so this is blare witch with a better budget?
als okay, what was thta?
*also
Sumica: and better story
00,10cause you know less shakkycam
Sumica: and better actors
Sumica: and better everything
MY EARS
Naw. They had strict rules too. Sonic couldn't drop rings unless he fell over.
yes from half-life
WHAT IS WRONG WITH THE AUDIO?!
Welp, sound isn't better
otakon: slendy is close
the hell was that
oh and I didn't your comment about my image link Sumica :$ can't control what ad thing appears
Someone tell the bees to get out the microphone
*see
/me shudders
00,10no I realise SpecterRush, was just realy slow to load that image is all
No seriously. This video stinks unless some Slenderman pops up in the background and the cameraman freaks out
00,10and the calender is kind intersting ^_^
flutter_spin: its an ARG
flutter_spin: wait
He was standing behind one of the trees
flutter_spin: if you watch carefully you can CATCH him
to the left of the tower
RoboGerbil: hahaha aww
OH FUCK
AHHH! A FRIDGE!
lol
OH FUCK OH FUCK OH FUCK
Watch out TREES
???
What is an ARG?
OH SHIT BRO - COLLEGE STUDENTS AAAH!!!
and ear drum abuse
altered reality game
*Alternate
cant wait to see chat reactions to the first totheark vid :D
mica dats the booru for ya sometimes, 'least its not as bad as ponibooru could be sometimes, ans oh :S you like doxy?
I never cared for ARG.
otakon: Lol, i thought: augmented
also gotta love how Derpy can BURN AN ICE CASTLE
LuigiNut02: i bet even slenderman is afraid of drun college students
wtf is this vid?
SirGhouljalf: augmented yeah
*drunk
Ahahaha
Ahahah! :D
Brony2447|SugarRush: series
Entire game is babies now
^
cachi01|scaryshit: what series?
00,10never heard of Doxy before.
00,10just commetning on the ad is all
I wonder what'll happens if Derpy give muffins to me.
Brony2447|SugarRush: this one. marble hornets
Prepare thou anusses...
/me covers eyes
"My reality is augmented."
....
cachi01|scaryshit: ahh ok
/me cheeeeat, makes fear into nothing mwaha
LOL
lel
"Ohai"
and then ads
what was that?
GIMME 20 DOLLAHS
kk mica :S
save us ads!
Hold on guys, I'mma get my brown pants...
GIMME $20
inb4 slenderman is in the ad
darn it Ralph
cachi01|scaryshit, no wifin in the club
lol
Someone wreck those ads.
Domo: Yes! :3
Domo: sounds good :D
I have an hour. I want to see something cool :P
Domo: k :) protip lets watch till entry 12
Just get AdBlock, it takes like 10 seconds.
heeeeey
how about we watch BEN
Or AdBlock Plus. (It's on the Chrome Web Store) ;)
People have their preferences , Im fine having no ads personally
CrimsonPhoenix: but i wanna sleep tonight D:
Gee. I'd rather either see the ad, or it not being there in the first place. Hearing it over stream and not seeing it, that's sad.
cachi01|scaryshit, YOU SHOULDN'T HAVE DONE THAT
PAY ATTENTION TO THE VID
/me slaps CrimsonPhoenix with a navi
stahp
wat?
Does anyone else think he looks like a teenage Sean Astin?
lolololol
womp womp womp, wubwubwubwubwubwub. Look I made dub step
lol
Wow, somehow I got 0/8 pages in the game
oni_ghost: Needs more wub.
oni_ghost: Nope, you forgot the Optimus Prime Taking A Shit: BRRPPPPPPPKKKKK!!!11!
;A;
so much feels
EHRMAGERD
LuigiNut02: Skrillex would sue if I used it
SLERNDERMERN!!
BERFERS
slenderman :3
the camera was slenderman all along
Ohai slendy
SirGhouljalf: never enough wub eh?
^never enuff
ANALYSIS TIEM! Was that rumble the engine? Or Slendy??? :O
He has gone mad
:O
Slendy, IMO.
:O :O :O
yep
the Engine
LuigiNut02: engine? what kind of car uses an aengine? dont be ridiculous, of course it was slendy
So that's where he got ALL those notes...
The game.
Hey look its just like that other movie except it was a kid sketching
Well, it COULD be a combination of both.
...But...what about his face...
"Let's see who really is the Slenderman... Old Man Jenkins?!"
Seriously. What is it?
creepy_sprinkle: :P
BEFORE U GUYS START SAYING EHRMAGERD THIS IS BASED ON THE GAME
THIS WAS MADE 3 YEARS BEFORE THE GAME WAS RELEASED
whoa. He turned into a girl!
lol
...Could it be? Alex is...IS...
are they shooting a porn?
cachi01|scaryshit, and?
suddenly: winter
[gets cuts off by static]
inb4 slendy interrupts the porn scene
TRANSFORMER
inb4 Sumica backs all the money for that calendar
creepy_sprinkle: :D
hey guyyyyyyys can I be in the porn movie?
........
creepy_sprinkle: Oh my, a threeway.
Hopefully Slendy appears and turns it into a tentacle raep threesome!
creepy_sprinkle: :D
SirGhouljalf: slendy just wants some love..
whoa
LuigiNut02: : |
Grim grinnin´ ghosts come out to socalize!
hey chat want an advice?
a little extreme
lower the volume when this entry ends
Slenderman: HAI GUYZ CAN I BEEZ IN YO MOOFIE? *pops into frame*
cachi01|scaryshit: Will it end soon?
That dude looks like that guy from that movie with the sparkly vampires
What we watching?
DAMNIT, YOU HAD ONE JOB
Marble Hornets
Either A) Nothing happens I get extremely upset or B) Something crazy happens and I think it becomes the greatest video of all time
night everypony
DerpyMuffins: marble hornets
bye superscaryworld
Night, superscaryworld. :)
Bye superscaryworld
Night superscaryworld :)
Night superscaryworld. :)
Vampires dont sparkle, they burn
Cya superscaryworld
seeya superscaryworld
.
lol this alex guy sounds like a douche
*imagines Robert Pattinson crisping in the evening sun*
night creepy_sprinkle AJIsSpooky AScaryFluffyThing thelonepony LuigiNut02 DerpyMuffins Lunar_Brony
Oh, I forgot the quotes. I meant "vampires" Thanks DerpyMuffins XD
slenderman is sitting back and enjoying the drama
bluestroms: he is insane
^ creepy_sprinkle
bluestroms: slenderman has been following him
night superscaryworld
night oni_ghost
well...
I dunno, kind of?
:)
creepy_sprinkle: Slendy is the cameraman
ohh i didn't see that
well I'll be heading to bed my eyes are getting heavy, goooood nightevrysvn
O.o
dis is silly
aw sheet its /////////////////////
Night, CrimsonPhoenix.
Slendy: This is the worst college film I've ever seen - and I've killed enough students to see plenty!
Pixels, the movie
6_9
Dat disney
watch out! its a trailer!
infinity!
slenderman tried his hand at programming a ////// square
:D
LuigiNut02: :D
A TRAILER ABOUT VIDEO GAMES! AAAAH! THE HORRORS!
Domo: dont skip the totheark vids they are important
thats what happens when you divide by 0
How long is this?
flutter_spin: so far it's been 2 seasons
flutter_spin: started 2009
Brony2447|SugarRush: what does, chatception?
still going
this has been a long ARG
As of now... 64 entries.
ohhhhh. So its not over?
whoa
oni_ghost: yeah :P
Something is happening and AHHHHHH! Don't jump on my lap kitty!
close encounter of what?
with the operator
okay so...
Could it be...ALIENS?!
cheating through game
and slenderman doesn't even show
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Story: Of Skies Long Forgotten
Slendy: *pops up behind his bed* Are you ready for some fun? The safe word is ||STATIC||
Pondoooo
why did he turn off the lights BEFORE going downstairs?
So slendy wouldn't know he was home.
Hello Jmo. ^-^
:3
the scp might have an answer for SirGhouljalf question and it is [DATA EXPUNGED]
?
That note getting blown....
somehow i knew entry 12 would have an ad
...That is NOT a good sign.
Domo: adblock
13http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mcrlg91d1j1r8rtr4o1_250.png
AJIsSpooky: the wird static videos are made by another channel called totheark. its a guy that is stalking the marble hornets team
weird*
cachi01|scaryshit: AH.
Shizuka: dem pinkies
You know, those ads aren't helping the immersion
good morning everypony, i return ^_^
Domo: Here ya go! https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/adblock-plus/cfhdojbkjhnklbpkdaibdccddilifddb
Hi, NightmareBlade. :)
Hi NightmareBlade :3
O.o
morning NightmareBlade :)
Should only take a few seconds!
SLENDY
THAR HE IS
Hi Slendy :3
O>O
Hiya Slendy.
o.o
I THIINK I SAW A 2
Slendy says hello :3
/me hugs AJIsSpooky thelonepony and cachi01|scaryshit
>_>: Ooooooooooooooooo
/me hugs NightmareBlade back :)
BUUUFFERRR
/me hugs NightmareBlade back :3
lol
So, I just found out that there's gonna be a Cars spin-off called Planes coming out in the spring.
AdBlock: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/adblock-plus/cfhdojbkjhnklbpkdaibdccddilifddb
aw sheeeeet
eddmario: ...............XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
cachi01|scaryshit: It's true. In fact, the trailer uses the song "More Human Then Human" by White Zombie.
I have a late arrival at school tomorrow, yes, but I still need to get to bed at a decent hour xD
Sorry guys, I gotsta go! :)
Night all!
Night LuigiNut02 :)
I see Tara Strong!
bye LuigiNut02
So, how was your guys' nightmare night?
dat littlekuriboh
YAY LITTLEKURIBOH!
LittleKuriboh?! The Yugioh Abriged guy!
Domo: zoom out a bit more
XD
THE abridged guy
sounds like Frieza
XD
frieza plays slender
dat Skype
lol
He just came back one day and it was like he had a complete personality change
hello everypony
:D
XD
I am laughing my ass off
XD
hiya flutterchu
hey flutter_spin
GAH
hi flutterchu
Sounds a little too manly to sounds like Frieza...
oh my god :D
:P I love that
/me rolls his eyes
lol
ololololololol
Slender is the pope - what a tweeest!!
xD
LEAVE SLENDY ALONE!
Hi flutterchu :)
lol
lololol
XD
lol Bear Grylls
They forgot to animate Slender's eyes!
LOL
Woah, more slender?
Woah, he already have 2 pages?
Who streaming?
XD
XDDD
OH!
:D
LOL!
hi guuuuuuyyys
:D
xD
Slender's coming. Better drink my own piss.
thats odd...
LittleKuriboh should do something like this...but instead, Amnesia or Eversion...or Resident Evil...
Domo: this is hilarious
Is he really the same person?
Why would you ever turn off the flashlight!!!
Yeah, he remembered all of our old channel's inside jokes and stuff
eddmario: yeah we talked about it yesterday lol
eversion is not scary
but its awesome
Not sure then..
slenderman has been made to be boring
Just acted pretty differently
>stuck in bathroom
>drink your own piss
lolwut
lol
Domo streaming?
hahahahahaha
I finish my hw and come back to Slender?? Too great! :D
In fact, I'm pretty sure they're having Mark Hamill and Carrie Fisher return as Luke and Leia
BatThumb: "He has no face!"
lol Myst
Pyst
lol
O.o
Lol
Oni?? I thot you went to bed :O
It sounds like the Emperor is commenting
yep
Suddenly, buffer.
and it's hilarious
XD
xd
Damnit buffer
:D
FRIE..... oh
hey every pony
XD
Dat Slenderman
Dat Spiderman.
slenderman~
So, let's talk about Micheal Meyers. Was the actor named after the horror movie character, or is it the other way around?
FRIGNO
Does whatever slenderman does :3
THIS IS HILARIOUS
I fucking <3 LittleKuriboh's Slender voice
XDD
hey guys
i just wanted to help you sing my theme song
this is hilarious
I just wanted to help you sing my theme song
XDDD
RaveBrony: nah, I was going to go out with some friends but my friend has to watch his sister so my plans got pushed back
what is the name of this video again?
POLE VAULT!
Aw
Good to have you here tho, oni_ghost :3
*Well, g
**Well, good
lol
Are there more LittleKuriboh vieos like these?
Hi therainbowvortex :)
tnx
Hi, therainbowvortex. :)
Hai therainbowvortex
VenHurlloween: he did a portal 2 one
Hi, therainbowvortex.
XD
it's TOM
dat tom
dat royal family
XD
was that The Trees he sang XD
lol}
hey guys....
XD
:D
lol
Benderman
xDD
its nice to be here RaveBrony :)
oh llord
LOL
XD
again.... wat
that was random
XDD
:D
Thanks for the stream, Domo! :)
Well, there was my two cents of halloween~
We need more YGOTAS videos streamed here more often
^
^^
Heheh x3~ and Welcome~ :3
Sorry, I was pointing my arrow at eddmario..
...WHY CAN'T WE HAD MORE BUTTER ON A BREAD AND YGOTAS, GOD DAMN IT!
Oh, that extra ping sound I keep hearing is coming from the stream itself and not lag
thanks ffor the stream Domo :3
for*
i always knew there was something shifty about ponies47 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7WRf1jA0ucs
^
thx Domo :)
thanks Domo! ^_^
wowowowo wait
in Domo screen it showed AJIsSpooky saying thx for stream domo
and oni_ghost and idk who doing this ^^
MIND=BLOWN
lolwut
thanks Domo
oh fanfuckingtastic im watching nick andd a gangnamm style Ad appears
he does ads now?
I ate too much cake tonight x.x
Thanks Domo
creepy_sprinkle: lol
So, I promised Pinkie Pie the other day that I'd help her make cupcakes tomarrow, but I just found out I might not be able to make it. What should I do?
Why does DotD spyro have such a huge chest?
I've always wondered that
eddmario: Tell her?
eddmario: say that you might not be able to make it
yeah I noticed that too haha
oni_ghost: what time is it??-its not 47!
11,02Dat stream inception
padding?
haha
Hi NewSuperBronyU :3
hahaha
11,02Hai :3/
awesome picture btw
Moo :3
oni_ghost: The problem with that is that Rainbow Dash helped her last week and nopony's heard from or seen her since
11,02Moo :3
ah
/me mooeew
NewSuperBronyU: What streamception?
eddmario: she hates liars more
eddmario: Hire someone else?
i wanna play a game
as do I
PINKIE PIE IS NOW BESIDES YOU WHAT DO?
me too
Cya everypony
Hug her?
11,02eddmario: Matrix
Bye, DerpyMuffins. :)
11,02Everywhere. Matrix.
i would hug her yeah
Bye DerpyMuffins :)
WTF?
LOLOLO
cachi01|scaryshit: glomp her <3
silly songs with larry
aww yeah dat veggietales
....
oh boy
NewSuperBronyU: Mooo!
:D
...
singing silly songs with Larry
larry the green penis
suddenly Veggie Tales
Wasn't Veggietales secretly Catholic propoganda?
vsauce: WHAT THE FACT
lol this is synchin perfectly with SSPU
Veggietales!!
oh shit maek it stahp
THIS IS SCARY
PEPINO BAILARIIIIN
Damn im scurred
Guys...this is Veggietales...if you haven't heard.
Can't. Wait. For. Season. Three.
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire, Part 1" airs in 9 days, 10 hours, 39 minutes, 55 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
hahahaha
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire, Part 1" airs in 9 days, 10 hours, 39 minutes, 52 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
ONLY 9 DAYS
damn it cachi01|scaryshit
you beat me :I
11,02lol
XD
halo 4 comes out in 6 days (not nearly as important
:D
who pees
Wasn't the budget for this about $20?
So, who's streaming Veggietales?
Whoa, Veggietales? Really?
Listen to the cucumber...?
creepy_sprinkle: lolwut?
eddmario: I think the budget did get higher. They had a feature film
Why the hell is an organic female stress reliever singing spanish?
Cantante, not cantador...?
Brony2447|SugarRush: was talkin bout thr video :P
eddmario, pfft
creepy_sprinkle: oh :P
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VeggieTales
To those that don't know VeggieTales, use the link.
slenderllama to the left
Kurra: its both
you got where is my hairbrush?
señor? i thought it was a she....
d'awww
I keep wanting to eat more candy
SHIZU STREAM!
So, Shizuka's streaming then?
Otra chela pls
shizu stream
13nope
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFs
curse you Halloween
Kurra: lol
damn
ffffssssssssssssss
FFFFFFFFFFFUUUUU-
[head explodes from the daws]
worried about gaining weight? :P
a'wwwwww
So, how much candy do you guys have left over from giving out to trick or treaters?
none
eddmario: none, didn't get any for them
13giving out?
13silly filly
hahaha
13we lock our doors
eddmario: None, didn't buy any didn't have any
13and turn out the lights
Shizuka: Um, I'm a dude.
13and keep it all for ourselves
Shizuka knows how its done
I guess you could say that, haha
http://www.downloadmoreram.com/
/me wants candy but has none
Nobody seems to want to go trick or treating in an apartment complex for some reason, but they'll go in a neighborhood.
i'd turn on my sprinkler system on halloween
I still have a whole metal bowl full. In fact, I'd take a picture but I don't know how to mute the camera sound on the Galaxy SIII
cachi01|scaryshit: legit as hell
teach those little punks to beg for free stuff
I want to hug myself as a pony...but wait, I AM a pony...shouldn't that means I hugs a human...No! I am a human! Gaaah!
13why mute it? does it sound like an air raid?
This is confusing!!
cachi01|scaryshit: does that actually work?
cachi01|scaryshit: wat?
eddmario: ha if you find out, let me know XD
Brony2447|SugarRush: no xDD
guys, its a joke lmao
cachi01|scaryshit: lol i didnt think so.. who in the hay would give 4GB of ram for free XD
.Going to bed,
Night, AScaryFluffyThing. :)
this song makes me feel high
night AScaryFluffyThing
Bed is comfy and I tired
lol @_@
Brony2447|SugarRush: the point is THAT YOU CANT DOWNLOAD RAM!
http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/download-more-ram
cachi01|scaryshit: lol ik :P
night AScaryFluffyThing
I know im gaining weight today so dont feel bad lol
Try to download THAT ram: http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a2/Medieval_battering_ram.JPG/337px-Medieval_battering_ram.JPG
/me hugs AJIsSpooky, oni_ghost, NightmareBlade, and the rest of chat and thelonepony
I gained like 10 pounds last year due to eating unhealthy school food and not exercising
So, has anybody done an Evil Dead/MLP crossover fic?
Don't think anyone has.
aww :(
Did someone say RAAM? :3 http://images4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20111219173020/gearsofwar/images/e/e9/RAAM_after_killing_Alicia.png
raam after killing alicia....
fucking spoilers...
lel
[You Need a Bronystate Gold Account to See This Message]
ive been wanting to lose weight this year :/
love this song XD http://images4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20111219173020/gearsofwar/images/e/e9/RAAM_after_killing_Alicia.png
aw shit
wait
[You need to be an absolute idiot to view this message]
hahah nice joke Brony2447|SugarRush
I meant this http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=oEfWNOPE71U#!
RoboGerbil: lol yeah
Time to go to bed...Night guys <3
Brony2447|SugarRush: something must be wrong....i cant see the message
night domo~
nite domo
Cya Domo
cachi01|scaryshit: XD
Night dom- she left
night Do-oh damn it
same =/ I'm probably an okay weight but all my favorite pants don't fit anymore
:(
so bored
hey does anyone want to hear an irish man (meh) singing terribly?
*(me)
RoboGerbil: Play Pony tatics?
ill be nice and not ask for your weight :P
thelonepony: link?
And I'm not going to go out and buy like 5 pairs of new jeans :P
Nah I don't care, I'm like 120ish
cant find it :/
NES medleys? Sure, I'll just leave this here. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5eG-Bd588ZQ
ogre battle was the only good nes game
120? damn id like to be somewhat close to that
k, i must go. goodnight everypony
lol me "singing" terribly: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vu6uw6e9JOA&feature=plcp
cya SirGhouljalf :)
Bye SirGhouljalf :)
bye SirGhouljalf
My sister is taller than me and weighs like 100 pounds
night SirGhouljalf
seeya sir-
dah
RoboGerbil: hmm was that even a NES game?
Same with my brother
yes
I'm the only one who didn't get the ridiculous metabolism, so I have to work at it
what to do for 30min
err.. maybe snes
so, made any progress cachi01|scaryshit? :3
RoboGerbil: And YouTube says... SNES for 300
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N177jnDUwrY&feature=channel&list=UL
thelonepony: nope :( didnt play any game today
that sucks :(
they both eat candy and junk food and crap all the time and don't gain a pound
AJIsSpooky: o no ;~; I's never beat it
/me shivers
Why not, oni_ghost? ;~;
So I found out that my mom's credit card has about 30,000 points. To compare, a simple dvd/cd is roughly 2,400 points.
fuck i cant play pony tactics
AJIsSpooky: Ish hard and I couldnt find my disc anymore
:(
why? :(
i cant get pony tactics to load servers?
>didnt play any games today
bitch please, i havent layed a game in months
hoky shit
..err layed*
oh come on
you get the idea
creepy_sprinkle: how did you survived?
sprunkle you fail :D
cachi01|scaryshit: i have a good amount of work to do, and not really mane games im interested that my pc can handle
tehlonpon pls
flutter_spin: yeh so she has what $300 saved up?
twoiloight_sprunkl pls go liern spalling
pretty much.
okai cashieoh-wun .-.
how tall is she?
I've tried my best to help her pay for the debt, but it just keeps piling
cashieoweone you ned to lern spel to
And now I've found out that she wants me to use the points up
flutter_spin: yeh those points usually only last a year
She has this 'spend the money before she gets it' mentality. She is obsessed with $0 in the bank
But yeah. No idea what to do with the points.
...
lul
dat global
A NewSuperBronyU Stream has Apppeard :O
11,02Moo :3
Appeared*
yaaaay
tehlonpon now u fail :I
ohai NewSuperBronyU ^_^
I know :3
11,02Hai :3/
Dat SB. :3
watcha working on ayejay? :3
thelonepony: College work. :3
I used the points for 1 movie, but I'm sort of stuck on what else to get
thats cool :3
Hi NewSuperBronyU!
:3
wow dafuq is wrong with PSY? Q: If you could collaborate on a song with any one artist / band, who would that artist be?* A: I love so many but if I had to choose one, Justin Bieber.
5'7
.....
ayejay: You can do it :3
I think she's 15?
Thanks, thelonepony. :)
Yeah, 15
11,02i gonna play video games \:3/
yay!
omg crash?
be it crash!
Yay :3
11,02cause it's NEVER BEEN DONE BEFORE
Shammy: uncharted
Yay, video games! :3
/me shrugs "I don't know whats a healthy weight for that height."
cachi01|scaryshit: meh same people
that refernce :D
NewSuperBronyU: NEVER EVER!
Alright. Movie time!
Shammy: yeah lol
NewSuperBronyU: be careful, youre in uncharted territory now....
Not gonna lie, this makes me really want a PS3. This, and MGS4
She's severely underweight actually :P Doctors keep telling her she needs to gain
hey that one ring loading screen
mgs4......oh god that game made me cry like a little girl
oh
Reason 1: its so fucking sad
I'm 5'10 weigh 165lbs
Reason 2: OH GOD THE LOADING TIMES
No MLP rewards. :(
reason 3: cashie is a gurl :3
I see a ring
Dragons Dogma ~
I use to weigh 140 a few years ago, really would like to get back to that weight again
oh it's Uncharted
cachi01|scaryshit: You've heard Kojima is working on another Big Boss game right?
its the ring of infinite spinning
13PREVIOUSLY ON INDIANA JONES AND THE TEMPLE OF FAKEISTAN
oni_ghost: ground zeroes?
cachi01|scaryshit: Yes, all my want DX
IKE
/me attacks the darkness
IKR*
pawnch
low blow, SB, low blow.
Previously on 'Spiders that attack'
kick
pawnch
13shotgun at point blank range
13HOW DO YOU MISS
ground zeroes will be a joke
hahahaha
Previously on 'the guy that can jump 10 meters and survive a rocket launcher shot'
Kojima was sick of MGS when he made MGS4
Shizuka: he didnt scope in to tighten the shell spread...
this won't be any better
must be in a james bond universe.. no bullets ever hit people unless from bonds gun
13isn't that the guy from skyrim
RoboGerbil: thats because the bad guys are stormtroopers
Good afternoon everyone :)
Shizuka: he used to be the guy from skyrim
Hi AdamTheDuck :)
BUT THEN HE TOOK AN ARROW TO THE KNEE!
goddamnit cachi01|scaryshit
Wait. Wait. Wait. Halo 4 on xbox360. That's something I could probably get using points
Shizuka in a video game, it's possible: Borderlands 2's new Mechromancer. 350 stacks of Anarchy and point-blank with a shotgun.
I missed.
-.(\
twice
flutter_spin: do eet :o
give me your guns so youre unarmed while you run away from bad guys
I'll have to wait until its released. They got XCOM on the list already. I don't think it will be an issue
13CUTSCEME: THE MOVIE: the game
O-o
but then I shot a guy 2 levels higher than me with full shield and health (somehow) and he died instantly
what did I come back to?
Shizuka: this aint MGS4
^
Panda-: UNCHARTED 3
Stoof Pondoo
wooooooooo
and then nate was high
jaaaaaaaaasssssoooooooonnnnnn
whoooooo hes hish XD
*high
hypnotoad
Hes trippin balls
bitch be trippin' balls
woah he's freaking the HELL OUT
lol
You wouldn't want to be 120 at your height lol
dat reference
fakin nathan drake thinking he is the guy from inception and shit
Is he high and drunk or something?
165 is actually normal, so is 140
:D
Lunar_Brony: dart made him high
k
o.o
druuuuuugs
7,600 for Dragon's Dogma? Sheesh
http://cdn.brawlinthefamily.keenspot.com/comics/2012-10-30-444-TrickorWAA.jpg
Drugs are bad, m'kay
WTH am I watching? 0.o
J_E_Smith71: XD
13you know
hahahah
13this makes veggietales look sane
Sebiale: Someone trippin balls
^
comparatively yes haha
13judi dench!
you are a wizard drake
13mister T!
welcome back mr anderson, we missed you
lol
I'm off to bed all
Merasmus Drake and the Temple of the Bombermen
night otakon :)
I've been told to get off
nite otakon
bugger all
bye otakon
g'night otakon
thanks for the stream Shizuka, NewSuperBronyU, Domo...who is gone
Night otakon :)
13so
night otakon !
13he's asuka?
night all thanks for the good time :)
http://cdn.brawlinthefamily.keenspot.com/comics/2012-10-26-443.jpg
LOL
undah pressure
J_E_Smith71: dark ness XD
J_E_Smith71: lol dat dark ness
J_E_Smith71 xD Dark Ness
J_E_Smith71: Darkness :D
11,02Np, later otakon :)
Dark*ness
:P
13so when did this movie come out
Dark Ness
Shizuka: it's a game, pretty good though isn't it?
the sowing of doubt
13this is a game?
Shizuka: eeyup
The Playstation 3 has no games.
Shizuka: this aint MGS4
Shizuka: Uncharted 3: Among Thieves
otakon: WRONG
The Playstation 3 is the world's best 600 movie player.
I thought otakon was leaving..
I am
600 dollar
than GTFO!
I just wanted to catch this scene
oh
otakon: Drakes Deception
ah
that's why YouTube was invented
13TABLE FLIP
that title makes more sense now
now GTFO
Buytoast: Five hundred and ninety nine U S dollars
Buytoast: You mean no original exclusive to the console games? But what about Ratchet & Clank, and the PS3 versions of games like Arkham City, Lollipop Chainsaw, etc
FOLLOW THAT WAITER!
13and now it's modern warfare 2
otakon: among thieves was number 2 though
yeah
you can't catch that guy, he must LIVE!!
13when do we get into the test chamber
Shizuka: not enough explosions
There's going to be a MW4
lol
okay now I am off to bed see you all later
Lunar_Brony: Why?
dat door slam
hurry, waggle your Playstation Move to catch the villain
and for an additional 9.99
lmao
get the bonus speed booster mega pack
cya ot... fucker
13a closed door
13how ever will we get past
wups
gotta love his scream :D
@Shizuka LOL
:D
13and now it's assassins creed again
oni_ghost because people are never satisfied until a series is milked beyond the point of being dry
Drake is freakin superhuman.
which it reached at MW3/Black Ops II
flutter_spin: Yep, been mentioned several times here
I just found out! :P
that bus has some good brakes
13three day old news
Wow. He knows how to take a hit from a stopping car
Lunar_Brony: I lost interest at MW2, MW3 was just $60 MW2 DLC as far as I'm concerned. And COD4 will still be the best to me <3
13and we hear it, what thirty times a day now
:( sorry
urprise, mothabucka
old news is old and, like game/movie etc... series, will be milked dry
13and now it's the bourne ultimatum
What kinda of knowledge does this douche have that lets him navigate the city liek this??
13this movie just doesn't know what it wants to rip off
if you're going to rip off something, why not make it EVERYTHING?
Movie. Kek.
well its not like no game is allowed to have this kind of style if there were a few movies/games with it
RIPOFF ALL THE THINGS!!!!!
Because it's f*cking stupid!
Lunar_Brony: Unfortunately and Halo is well on its way of becoming the next COD since they said Halo4 is the first of the "new triology"
13that was spore's idea
13and spore sucked
well today was fun but i have to go to bed cya everypony :(
:)*
bye cachi01|scaryshit !
bye cachi01|scaryshit
oni_ghost . . . did you just say "Trilogy"?
Night cachi01|scaryshit L)
:)*
Kandarihu|OldComp: but i liked ep 3..
13and now it's mirrors edge
Lunar_Brony: Yeah they annouced it when Reach was released.
13and leap of faith into the hay bale
There is only one trilogy with a 4 in it
What is this RE4?
lawl
sounds 'bout right
Again!
13the end
And how the fuck did he find Drake?
13so
night everypony :)
PARTY
13we went through that entire chase scene
g'night thelonepony
Goodnight thelonepony
13and still lose
13I LOVE WHEN GAMES DO THIS
And thanks for the stream NewSuperBronyU :3
bai tehlonpon :2
@Shizuka: Entirely pointless.
13IT MAKES ME FEEL LIKE MY CHARACTER HAS AGENCY
My question is . . . why the fuck don't they kill this guy?
11,02Night thelonepony :)
Bye Sprunkle :3
well, it seemed fun, so why not
Lunar_Brony: He has plot armor.
Wow, it even ripped off Metroid Other M with that do you remember me scene Shizuka
13never played it
Damn, name is too long >.<
DAT rope
It was horrendous
Team Ninja needs to stick to well... Ninjas.
13is he french, texan, or... WHAT IS THIS GUY
ROFL
OK
:D
Losing means going back and doing it over again. Winning means getting captured and interrogated. That's how story-based games are.
wait wait wait, this managed to rip off Other M? That's beyond low!
ow
Why would you want to rip off Other M?
Lunar_Brony: Yeah that dude with the cowboy hat said, Remember Me?
oh
oh wow
didnt need the commma
13wow
ROFL
13nice of them to make the chair from graham crackers
Plot chairs--they break like glass.
hahahaha
13and rope made of silly string
now for some Arkham City brawling
Drake is the ubermensch, apparently.
13so is this when he gets the arm blade?
I have Arkham City.
Still need to get around to playing it.
I dont own it, I want it though
Wat
More baddies?
/me still browsing rewards to buy
And all of them can't take on one guy?
At least RE4 had means of combat OTHER than QTEs.
13it's like shizu pyro
Well duh. Did you se his movement speed?
13barret!
13where's cloud?
Now who's this joker?
and now, more fighting that god of war
flutter_spin: any accessories or peripherals you want?
I'm thinking of getting a new headset...
STOP HITTING THERE
flutter_spin: do eet
It's just . . . gah. He's whipping his arms around with ridiculous acceleration.
he has to have the strongest forearms ever
I love how, no matter how banged up he is, he can always do extreme parkour and acrobatics. :)
I'm browsing dvds. I already chose Avengers for like 2,400
lol
Bullets in my torso? No problem.
13nolan north IS altair IN assassins creed: drake's deception
why buy The Avengers when you can torrent?
get your assassins creed climbing simulator out of my uncharted
Some people like supporting companies. :P
13he's awful spry for having just been in a ten minute fistfight
Nolan North???
Do what you want 'cause a pirate is free
Uncharted?
Look. The only way my mother will watch a movie is if I buy it or it comes on tv 5 years later
where did this ultimately strong rope come from?
Also, HAPPY NIGHTMARE NIGHT, EVERYPONY!
Happy Halloween
13ah there's the arm blade
Besides Lunar_Brony , I can now say I actually bought a dvd :P
13now he just needs to find a hay bale to jump into
flutter_spin: same here and netflix
ok... maybe not :P
I like the water fire fight coming up
hope u had ur tetnis
Because people just like to leave tons of expensive metals lying around in the ocean.
lol
Besides, I have to spend it on something.
go nolan north. you got this
I love how fought gravity for abit there.
hope hes up to date on his tetnus
XD
All these ropes are so conveniently placed.
Don't miss, damn it!
LOL. Trainspotting for 1,200
Bed timeee, good night everyone :)
Are these games fun/worth playing?
nighty RaveBrony
Goodnight RaveBrony
night RaveBrony !
g'night RaveBrony
Night, RaveBrony. :)
dat pawnch
Good night RaveBrony.
I'm hitting the hay. G'night everypony!
Goodnight then Lunar_Brony :P
Thank you NewSuperBronyU for the always awesome stream *yawn* n'stuff..
nite Lunar_Brony
were watching this awesome menu system
4,000 for Professor Layton? I don't think so.
flutter_spin, 4000 what?
points
I need to get to bed early tonight, see yous :)
Points? .-.
nini
I've got like 30,000 points to spend. Each 100 is roughly $1
whos line is it anyway?
Bye
I'm just trying to figure out what to spend them on
Ahh the "lets wait for SB to come back" show, althought the buffer show is so much better.
11,02:<
flutter_spin: hookers?
^
I've already searched that.
What I get is "Hookers, Midgets, And Fire Trucks - Hardcover"
lolwut
XD
better than "The Last Hookers: From Nazi Germany to Viet Nam They Lived, They Loved, They Died - Paperback"
oh my god he just ran in
drake jenkins
flutter_spin: lmao
^^
I kinda don't like games that have regen healt unless theres a good reason for it. IE Crysis and Halo
*health
this level :|
flutter_spin: spend it on underwater weaved baskets
I have no idea why I'm browsing guitars
Gibson Explorer ftw
ooo ooo ooo 'DJ & Lighting Equipment' ~ what's this?
The end.
ded
dat update
Dat update,
again with the update
HE SAID IT
NewSuperBronyU: Update
/me hugs flutterchu
Mega_Milk:
why me?
flutterchu: Your my new favorite bronystater.
An update is available.
Mega_Milk: but i didnt say anything...i was eating and researching doctor who
flutterchu: my flutterchu senses were tingling.
Mega_Milk: what does that mean?
flutterchu: No idea
flutterchu: But im gonna hug ya anyways.
Mega_Milk: um....okay
/me hugs Mega_Milk
/me hugs Maid_RainBow
Hello?
/me has joined the game.
hi..
Hi.
11,02Hey :)
#newpony
/me waves
Hello FlareDash
11,02Please don't like to outside channels :)
/me licks FlareDash .-.
/me rejects
NewSuperBronyU: I think he was saying that he's new here
Can I link a product and ask if I should get it?
Ooo is this that new game called "Wolfpuncher 3"?
o,o
11,02Lol
Rully.
Wolfpuncher..? Ooh...
Hotdiggedydemon thing I think
#newfoal
#pinkie #is #awesome #than #rainbow #dash
$260 for a headset? sheesh
o,o
260?
Dang!
holla holla get $.
$260 for a headset?
That's what it says
Somebody's a Moneybags...ahem...the Spyro character...
$80 would be the most I'd pay for a headset.
Hello?
Hi :D
Hello.
:)
Hello Actually...
My name is uh...
uh..
hi Actually
...I'm thinking your new around here, aren't you...
Maybe...
00,10You dont need to log out and back in to change names Actually
Is Sumica an admin or something?
eeyup
Hello Actually
00,10Channel mod
It's not like I was here earlier.
Well, if you are new...Welcome to the Herd.
Welcome to Bronystate Actually
I'll have to check up on the reward program again later. Its late.
/me is an admin
/me waves to Waterfilly
That's cool, they call it a herd! :)
Welcome to Bronystate NightmareBlade
00,10of corse you were not FlareDash I meen Actually
Have a cider, Actually. It's gonna be GREAT!
MakerDusk: they won't believe you unless you colour up
13i'm confuse
/me wanders back to what he was doing
00,10just K line any one that dont beleave you MakerDusk, then they will belive
/me Actually
SpecterRush: my policy is never twice in a week
13oh hey after midnight
13sleep time
nite Shizuschlafen
its the strangest thing, xchat wont ident
MakerDusk: kk
ohai Shizuschlafen, night Shizuschlafen
Goodngiht Shizuschlafen
Goodnight*
11,02Night Shizuschlafen :)
Night :)
night Shizuschlafen
'nigh Shizuschlafen
pony19354 is best pony \:3/
AdamTheCannibalDuck, :3
Who is the best backround pony? What does everypony else think?
good evening everypony :)
hai kirzstryfe
hi kirzstryfe
Evening :)
Waterfilly, Applejack is best background pony, she needs more episodes :|
Ohai kirzstryfe
Lol
Twilight Sparkle is best chicken.
...
Waterfilly: i like Vinyl and Octavia and Lyra and Bon Bon ^_^ and just about everyone lol
no
Lol
Bon Bon is actually candy.
Whooves :$
<3 Octavia
So, Bon Bon is candy while Scootaloo is a chicken.
Fluttershy is a Tree.
I respect Octavia's cello skill.
and Octavia is a Violin.
Lol wut? :P
sounds about right lol
Seems legit.
11,02Hey kirzstryfe :)
Derpy is 10000000000000000% best Pony.
ded
Pffffffffffft
Spike is best pony
6_9
Lol
End of discussion.
9_6
pfft blueblood is best pony
Pfft, Scootashy is best TREE!
and Chicken!
Tom is best everything. :3
Whooves is best pony! <3
now everypony lets go Drift some Horses
whut :P
look kirzstryfe what i could not finish in time :p http://i50.tinypic.com/eq2xdg.png
:P 6_9
/me is best pony
/me bites Actually
/me licks Adam
.-.
only if i had a suit so i could be the doctor ;3;
11,02Wow
/me grabs Adam's mouth and pours hot sauce in it
/me likes hot sauce .-.
:D NewSuperBronyU
/me stares at picture of Doctor Whooves... <3
...
/me makes a dispenser
/me is dolan.
>_> <_<
http://image.spreadshirt.com/image-server/v1/compositions/20516179/views/1,width=280,height=280,appearanceId=1.png/gooby-pls_design.png
Whut. 6_9
/me 's name is a pun.
aim for that crotch..
Lol
here have some Tennant
Always aims for the crotch doesn't 'e?
http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_WZQOtyxqHCk/THbC_ONyZ8I/AAAAAAAABEM/TJkH77klqPo/s1600/XDEL_doctor_who_david_tennant.jpg
/me you can unlock everything in Wolfpuncher 4: Red Dead Pony
00,10never said what head gives the best damage
:D
/me Apple Bloom hates Scootaloo.
Here, have some Smith:
http://www.littlevoicebigworld.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2011/04/MattSmith-DW.jpg
not bad
your lucky dari isnt here :D
I almost got started on something
It's Dari's favorite Doctor. <_<
/me Waterfilly hates Doctor Who.
o,o
but the whole job thing got in the way
-_-
Worst pun name EVAR.
/me you can punch yourself in the face.
I <3 Doctor Who/
dat push
/me says Actually can punch himself in the face while repeatedly stabbing himself.
Red Derp Redemption \:3/ http://fav.me/d4koja7
/me says Waterfilly cannot lift.
/me is a filly. -_-
Waterfilly: You rang? Oh wrong Smith
having priorities sucks :p
Lol
well everypony i have to go to work
yep
bye bye
cya
money is a nice thing to have though :)
11,02Later Maid_RainBow :)
Bye Maid_RainBow
Byee Rainbow :(
Have some more Smith:
of course :3
http://thefangirlsdilemma.files.wordpress.com/2012/08/matt_smith_doctor_who_costume.jpg
have some tom baker insted: http://derpy.me/5sBB6
bye maid
some of the calls I get though are just ridiculous
have some david tennant instead: http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_WZQOtyxqHCk/THbC_ONyZ8I/AAAAAAAABEM/TJkH77klqPo/s1600/XDEL_doctor_who_david_tennant.jpg
had a guy trying to fish for credits on his bill, which is currently at -$5
Have some more Smith:
:)
Boo
haha
Have some more Smith: http://rainbowdash.net/file/hayseed-20120807T061548-fy2xa6k.jpeg
ouch dealing with people, ehh i'll stay behind a computer
The prince of Dari. :3
a mod that doesnt like Smith :$
Dari is best prince \:3/
>_> How can you dislike THE SMITH?!
I am behind a computer lol :p
>_> <_< I find it impossible <3
still get lots of stupid people
have some will smith: http://www.google.com/imgres?um=1&hl=en&sa=N&biw=1092&bih=471&tbm=isch&tbnid=5A1SvEdD3wkv-M:&imgrefurl=http://www.biography.com/people/will-smith-9542165&docid=oQk1ITBRBRugYM&imgurl=http://www.biography.com/imported/images/Biography/Images/Profiles/S/Will-Smith-9542165-1-402.jpg&w=402&h=402&ei=1Q2SULnyJuyP0QGkq4H4Ag&zoom=1&iact=rc&dur=448&sig=100355870580620814255&page=1&tbnh=153&tbnw=164&start=0
dat link...
dat wall
thought you did phone support
._.
Wall o' text is best kind of wall .-.
-_-
damn where is my head
Come on..
erm try not to post whole search next time
Don't steal the name
I do, but most of the stuff we use to fix stuff is on the computer :p
Not very nice of you, Name Hacker.
.-. But isn't MattSmithLover and Waterfilly the same person? .-.
I was original Waterfilly,
pffftt Will Smith is best Smith
True
that's slightly better still i can't deal with people i'm very patient but can't explain myself well
00,10ah multy conecting eh?
will SMITH is the fresh PRINCE. i see a connection here
I was original Waterfilly; True. Matt Smith is best smith ; True.
00,10yeah no, pick a name
00,10log the others out
And.. How did someone steal my name?
/me licks LightTrooper105 :3
had an airhead tonight too, couldn't understand that she needed to have a computer with itunes to activate her iphone5, or a wifi signal, but going to mcdonalds or starbucks was far, far too inconvenient for her
lol hallo o.o
I only have one tab open..?
Ohai :3
The Waterfilly account I was in control of is inactive.
Someone stole the name -_-
AdamTheCannibalDuck what happen to you...
logg out of the internet browser compleatly
00,10it's not yours unless you pasword it
Lemme log out -_-
LightTrooper105, what happened to me? :<
how do u put a pass on a name?
AdamTheCannibalDuck "Cannibal" o-o
There we go
LightTrooper105, it's Halloween isn't it? :$
All should be fixed.
lol true..
Aand what happend to stream btw
rr break?
how much more days NewSuperBronyU? :3
11,0217 :3
woot
I like Halloween. I call it free-candy-day.
hehe i would think you get a lot of those
Ugh,
School tomorrow,
Bye y'all
well its November here now
Bye MattSmithLover
bai MattSmithLover
there are quite a few airheads
take care MattSmithLover
o_O
Take care all y'all
bye
"are you calling from the phone with an issue" "yes"
>.<
I did not realise I was logged in this entire time :S
lol
11,02Mooooo :3
Moooooooooo
ok putt me on speaker and try to follow
le mooo
What, are you playing Prince of Parkour or something? :P
that crotch aim....
no prank jokes yet ?
prank jokes lol i need to sleep
prank calls
no pranks, nope
lot of speaker phone calls
people with iphones that have no idea how to use them
isn't this stuff on the internet like one search away
pretty much
anything not in my computer system I just type into google
So this game. What is it?
Got to go for the night...
one of the uncharted games
See you, VenHurlloween
cya
Oh, Uncharted?
Dang it, I just got done watching Lost for the night :S
Bye, VenHurlloween. :)
that boat sailing away?
ya lawl
hai bronystate :)
heya
Hey there, Brony2447
bye everyone
See you, flutterchu
man this guy cant get a break...
flutterchu: bye :)
cya flutter
Troubleshooting 101 something came up and is not in the computer, Google
like i just said...
eeyup
probably going to get in trouble for that at some point, outside of my scope of support, blah blah blah
I'm going to bed, night
but for everyone that it's possible to help, I get them through the issue
so :)
?
so helping people can get you in trouble
well that sound lame
night
hello?
yeah, has to do with how the companies bill between each other, calls taken in a day, stuff like that
NewSuperBronyU o u
Dead chat is dead
^
fo sho
so if the issue isn't one that's specifically a phone issue, we're not supposed to touch it unless it's to fix the phone
"Topic for #bronystate set by Nittany_Discord!chatzilla@Exploding.draconequus"
/me glomps potato_pony|
???
Tonight on Whale Wars, things get violent.
Laaaaaaaaaame but i guess those are the rules you should follow, no good in losing a job for that
11,02Think I'll stop it here :)
Thanks, SB. :)
NewSuperBronyU wait
aaaaaa, is chatzilla!!!
meh, as long as I can keep the rest of my stats high, getting good reviews from the customers is one of the best things
NewSuperBronyU play ninja giaden
wiii
WUUUUUUUUUUUUUU']
NewSuperBronyU play metroid prime fir once please
for*
11,02But...I don't wanna :<
pleaswe
had a lot of people with issues in texas tonight though lol
NewSuperBronyU you say you will later but you never do
if you play Metroid Prime I'll steal some of my sisters' candy and give you it
11,02O.O
hehehe
11,02I'll play a Metroid game, will that be an issue?
Nope.
will it be THE BABY: A Movie About Loss?
anyways, sleep time, have a good night :)
but
BUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
what do you know
it IS THE BABY
dsfk;jdfjk;fl;dsf;ldskl;dkl;lg;dkkdl;kdfls;slkkfd;
NewSuperBronyU what
11,02Best Metroid game :D
NewSuperBronyU YOU TAKE THAT BACK
NewSuperBronyU Metroid prime was best
11,02Nu-uh :<
NewSuperBronyU Metroid prime was best
NewSuperBronyU Metroid prime is bestest
11,02It was OK
no
NewSuperBronyU Metroid prime is best metroid along with super metroid
Metroid Prime lacks the deep and compelling story that Other M beautifully weaves.
11,02^
NewSuperBronyU LIES
FUCKING LIES
11,02I think Team Ninja should make all future Metroid games
STOP LIEING
no
There are no lies.
Retro Studio should
There is only the bitter truth.
dat exploding poo
(first grader joke ololo)
also NewSuperBronyU i need you to play metroid prime any ways soo i can get the green credits from you
Holy shit you drop Morph Bombs like a malfunctioning automated PEZ dispenser.
NewSuperBronyU i need those green credits]
11,02Green credits?
dat creepy scientist
in metroid prime triligy you can get credits to send to people and it gives them green credits
NewSuperBronyU i need someone to send them to me
http://derpy.me/9fz6Y
11,02I don't have Metroid Prime Trilogy :(
at least you have 1 and 2 for gamecube
right?
NewSuperBronyU i mean metroid prime 3
11,02I have 1 and 2 on GameCube :)
Phase4: this
good
shit
good
lol sup
llwal
lawl
Phase4: but we have twilight sparkle, so it cancels out
creepy_sprinkle, true
no
11,02no
samus is a chick
what, no rage?
11,02Samus is a guy though...
Twoiloight Spackel
http://derpy.me/vmH4v punny
oh there we go
fuck you NewSuperBronyU samus is a chick
11,02Nu-uh...the other games were wrong.
deal with it
11,02This game is canon
no
FUCK YOUR LOGIC
Metroid prime was 10 times better and won game of the year
NewSuperBronyU, ever going to change your nick back or are you nsbu forever?
But Prime isn't canon.
Phazon.
Psh.
What bullshit.
Now THE BABY.
THERE'S your money maker.
FUCK YOUR LOGIC
Metroid other m did even make as much as metroid prime
11,02Phase4: Why would I change my nick? o.o
Remember the New Guy
http://derpy.me/z6h0v
and that person, is mario
NewSuperBronyU, just wondering
http://derpy.me/3qrT8
AdamTheCannibalDuck, XD
james rolfe's youtube back ground has ponies guys
/me licks therainbowvortex
AdamTheCannibalDuck: so now you eat ducks
11,02BY ADAM'S ORDER, DON'T USE ANYTHING SO THAT YOU'RE INCREDIBLY WEAK
hello every pony
Ohai~
ahahaha
all this unnesesary narration makes me feel like im reading a novel
adam has not yet authorized this
Phase4: :3
Phase4: thats a pic of me enjoying my friday
new
NewSuperBronyU
creepy_sprinkle, XD
james rolfe's youtube back ground has ponies NewSuperBronyU
11,02He does O3O
11,02this game bores me >>
ahhh Day of the Dead i love the food from this day
But it's a breathtaking cinematic masterpiece about the trials of war and the loneliness of life without THE BABY.
NewSuperBronyU i have a idea
11,02Moooo o3o
dari plays cod lul?
I do play CoD?
Why?
11,02Black Ops II is gonna rule.
i think dari would love one of the new user of bronystate
Because Matt Smith plays CoD? :3
^ :$
last cod i played with modern warfare 1
before that i only played the demo of the very first cod
CoD 1 & 2 are best CoD \:3/
>6 am
Hah
>already aint right
im the least right at 6 am
NewSuperBronyU can i now? (m the usual questoin)
9-iron
love that scene :3
11,02JRP2234: No :(
awww
11,02Phase4: :P
Nope
ok good
thats a special kind of fail
NewSuperBronyU can you play the first season of south park?
11,02JRP2234: Sure :)
yay
NewSuperBronyU say hello to my cat mr.magoo
ok guys, i think i shall go hit the hay ^_^ good night yall and Happy Nightmare Night to all :)
11,02Hai Mr. Magoo :3
Goodnight NightmareBlade
bye NightmareBlade
Night, NightmareBlade. :)
thanks for the stream SB
NewSuperBronyU why hank a bitch
lol
o.o
11,02MOO O3O
Moo o.o
Moo. :3
woo 3O3
NewSuperBronyU my cat hates me
its a pure rag doll
Naught to 3 sad onions
Goodnight AJIsSpooky|Asleep
:D
dale
/me hugs AdamTheCannibalDuck. :)
NewSuperBronyU i lost the stream
naight AJIsSpooky|Asleep
/me hugs creepy_sprinkle goodnight :)
/me hugs AJIsSpooky|Asleep :)
NewSuperBronyU shes fucked
11,02lol
:D
inb4 nekkid
wat XD
NewSuperBronyU i lost it
XD
Nittany would be dissapoint at this tornado i bet
barrel of pickels -lol
XDDDD
dat choice XD
no
NewSuperBronyU i missed it
NewSuperBronyU
NewSuperBronyU's washing machine
monk!
a hat? every tf2 players dream
NewSuperBronyU OMG MYTHBUSTERS
close enough
but not today
mythbusters, aka lets blow it up
NewSuperBronyU why you no play ep1
11,02cause :<
lmao
lol
fat ass
lol dick move
pip reminds me of pipsqueak
dem fire eyes
o.o
lol choice piece of ass. you know, for kids. those anyway
simple multiplication, then multivariable equation, then e=mc^2, then quadratiic equation, then back to simple arithmetics?
seems legit
:D
Pip is adorable :$
dat psyduck
lol
lolooloooo
o.o
Quack
i love you NewSuperBronyU
psy!
dident chef die?
duck!
Night bstate :3
bai Panda-
lol chef
night Panda-
/me huggles Jmo
night, panda. dream of ponies tonight :)
and SB... stay super :3
thisguy oh gosh, you have noooooooooooooo idea~
Goodnight Panda-
11,02Lol
man, wish we had jesus here hanging with us RL :\
NewSuperBronyU check your skype
suddenly, invisible pegasi
1/4th of luna's legs hand sewn
: D
not every day you see a diety demanding more body weight :\
I see that everyday, I don't listen
duck?
oooh platupus
lol optimism
that'd be me :P
:D
00,10ding
hi
still hilarious how chef takes down jesus with a single punch :D
poor pip
mica dong
Pip noooooooooooooo ;~;
00,10megaman
:D
00,10dat off swich
lmao
:D saten bet on him
lol biggest troll ever
ha
00,10why's he need cash?
XD
lol it was the alian
alien
11,02IGN gave Halo 4 a 9.8/10 :)
o.O
.-.
Wat.
00,10wonder what that cost them
An ancient evil awakens....TO FANTASTIC REVIEWS!
lmao have they even played the game yet?
also
BWAHAHAHA
IGN
it's microsoft Sumica they have the money to shrug it off
^
their sou- pffft hahahaah i cant even say it, they have no souls left
00,10oh i dont doubt that
Power in the money.
lmao, they already discredited themselves as is, why beleive them on that review?
Money in the power.
00,10Just wondering what ones integrity goes for these days
00,10I am thinking of selling out but I want to know a good price
oh microsoft has plenty of souls. it's in the EULA of windows
NewSuperBronyU nooooooooooooo
i wonder how he'd rate halo 4
microsoft buys souls
suddenly, ponies <3
singing
Come on everyone, stand for BronyState's anthem.
tnx NewSuperBronyU
/me rises and salutes for BronyState's anthem
NewSuperBronyU how could you
11,02What I do wrong? :(
NewSuperBronyU, you did everything wrong.
:|
lmao
11,02;~;
you must now listen
suddenly, earth
Awwwwww
bummer
NewSuperBronyU y u no listen to it
suddenly, buffer
http://i.imgur.com/cIPit.jpg
11,02Wait, one last thing
Look at all them fancy words.
NewSuperBronyU its kk
NewSuperBronyU you dont have to
NewSuperBronyU, 17 days? :3
NewSuperBronyU i much rather you awit
A-. seems legit
NewSuperBronyU till i done more
sorta
11,02AdamTheDuck: yesh :3
11,02Happy Wii U Month \:D/
believe me, if i saw A+, i'd say fck that company who rated it
11,029.8/10 isn't a 10/10
11,02So it isn't perfect :(
got that song stuc in my head x.x
Which song thisguy?
the one just played here
Next year we'll see Halo 5 with a chracter who, in every scene, will be drinking Mountain Dew with the label facing the player.
Why do I have a feeling Halo 4 isn't going the the same Halo I liked oh so many years ago?... ;~;
well, halo 4 is gonna be made by a different company, kinda
it's 343 industries, not bungie that are working on it
An ancient evil awakens.
TEN OUT OF TEN, BRILLIANT STORY TELLING. NOT EVEN KAFKA COULD MAKE SOMETHING SO MOVING.
kafka huh
ten outta ten -.- sigh
11,02What's with the Mountain Dew thing and IGN? o.o
reminds me of http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfbYgt_cffU for some reason
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire, Part 1" airs in 9 days, 7 hours, 19 minutes, 46 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012 UTC)
OMG
OMGd
dan outa dan
9 DAY's!!!
disregard halo, wait for ponies :P
^
http://i.imgur.com/gnn1T.png
Endless, balanced multiplayer.
Ooh stream
Phase4
yeah sumi
looks like it
tis working
Nope , not Phase
Phase4
and yes, it is working
effing 9 plus ratings >.<
its Phase4
ah, Dr. Suess's Daytime Sects
a classic
no
Fuuuuu buffer
judging from the frame rate its mica
Eurogamer rated it 8
from what i've heard
finally, a good rating company
need to look them up some more sometime
NewSuperBronyU
then again, they fired some guy for writing a story about how video games are pretty much just hollow selling points these days
or something
metroid prime got 9/10 NewSuperBronyU
holy shit
i still lol at that "dan outa dan" vid link i posted :D
the game is 10 years old
Metroid Prime is overrated
Jontron says so
it must be true
i'm gonna say that from now on "dan outa dan"
nintendo power gave metroid prime 5/5 stars
not on games though
11,02BronyState rates BronyState Streams #1 on the Internet
dat star wars nomb
*bomb
:)
NewSuperBronyU metroid prime
NewSuperBronyU can we try the doom thing
pls
we are awesome :)
dan outa dan
what a shame
i am tempted to buy this game
it's a good game
11,02JRP2234: Sure, but not tonight. Just remind me next time I stream.
^
ten ouda ten
dan ouda dan :P
:D
NewSuperBronyU ign gave metroid prime 9.8 /10
yikes o.o
NewSuperBronyU
well, it was the first if its kind so i guess i can understand their excitement. the sequels though, kinda pushing it
damn, i dont know why ive grown so pessimistic about reviews nowadays
dan ouda dan
NewSuperBronyU check you stupid skype
lol define "fix" :P"
now it's no-screened
but it is more dead than ever
lol
only if we're lucky
NewSuperBronyU check again
swag
you prolly smell funny to them :\
NewSuperBronyU one more time
no guilt if they shoot first :P
gives you every right to massacre them :)
lolbarely noticed halloween's already over
funny how time flies by
test
yeah
NewSuperBronyU check again
lol
mica i want your babys
more lol
11,02JRP2234 wants ur babys Sumica
fatality
NewSuperBronyU yes i do
if that were RL, i'd get the feeling they'll get used to you doing that stuff :P
NewSuperBronyU i sent you somthing
like you wipe out a guard in front of them, and some continue eating some cheeseburgers or something :P
like nothing happened
dan ouda dan
isnt bell tower a phone company?
they call taht porn :\
theres a little porn in all of us
what did i say
maybe cooking skills, i'd like that :)
nothing better than a super-killer-cyborg that's also one hell of a cook
i'm picturing robo-cop wearing a chef hat now :\
master chief wielding a plasma rifle in one hand, spatula on the other
you never know when you'll run into a barbecue in the middle of campaign
Sugar skulls the best way too eat pure Sugar without anyone saying something about it
best part,you can pretend you're the predator before you eat the skiulls :P
unlike the predator who collects them as trophies. like AJ says, "nah, you just eat 'em" :D
NewSuperBronyU yay it sent
it's a trap
or he suicide
who be streaming?
sumica i think
yep
THEN casualties :P
alright, going to sleep now. night all :)
in Adam Jensen voice: "I never asked Sandy to come over for Halloween."
1 am over here
yeah, he's seen that plenty of times
well that why you should read the fien print before buying a shared time Sumica
cause he is using a helmet ?
lol need to go to sleep bye
wow. dat localisation
nighty TheDamShadow01
shotgun
get the shotgun
it's a shotgun
but not a shotgun. it's op at close
piff but meleee dosen't go boom
them kill them all wit you bare fist
more boombomm sottas
shootas*
already have it on the rocketlauncher?
:D
that reminds of RE4 inventory but with less herbs
but you are hurting for inventory space
lol what?
2 ammo
reminds me of killling floor
a shotgun to the face?
Gun Gun Gun
:D it's gta all over again]
bang the hooker then kill them to get hte money back
use rocket on all those guys
they are close enough
there goes the stealth
your employer ?
wat.
k
btw assasins creid 3 has one hell of a m night shamalan twist in it
definatly a .....wat moment
fairly sure there is a way to just punchem out
w/ the standard melee
a~
or boxes?
lure them to a corner w/ the bodies?
11,02O~O
and then she got killed cause you told his boss she does not keep her mouth shut
i'm just guessing here
/me hugs TheGreatAndPowerfulT ^-^
dat NewSuperBronyU
/me hugs back
11,02You posted a comment on mah Steam picture :3/
i did ? i thend to forget a lot of stuff
11,02Yesh...like...a few months ago o.o
11,02Or somethin /).(\
11,02But that means we have a lot in common (\^-^/)
11,02I think I should go to bed -.-
few months ago.. okay then it normal i forgot i was worried it was less than a week
11,02Nah, you were commenting about me trying to get badges and stuff :3c
11,02O.O
11,02Sleepies tiem :3c
11,02Night all :)
Badges can't seem to recall that
Night NewSuperBronyU|Zzz sleep well Sumica says night too
Night SB
11,02Awesome ^-^
11,02Later Sumica :D/
11,02Imma moo for the ponies talking here ^-^
/me moos for LightTrooper105, TheGreatAndPowerfulT, and Sumica :3
moo o3o
Hoodies count as head armor ?
Never truly knew whee the moo came from
where*
well that solve a mistery i guess
guys I found something! tetris but with real physics. So you have to balance the blocks properly or they topple over and don't stack properly
so annoying tetris ?
yeah it's called not tetris 2
on stabyourself.net
name does not inspire confidence
they have a Pony game called Order of Twilight
that guy needs his eyes check
butthurt guys
i need more accent to make you remember you are in chinatown
Napalm ? is Napalm shock explosive right
napalm is sticky fire
"where is your god now ?" quote comes to mind
._. Good evening.
NewSuperBronyU|Zzz wait
hai XAX
Sure is quiet ¬_¬
sleep over 30 hours in 2 days and had, hot chocolate, a sugar skull and soda a few hours ago i don't think i'll sleep in a while
XAX shhhhh the Dead are resting
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: ._. yessir.
use a rocket
not creepy at all right XAX ?
yes very much so
noep. Halloween barely even happens here. Not one knock at my door.
who said i celebrate hallowen ?
we had a a group of little girls.
that was all
Today is the day of the dead here in mexico
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Music of the Day #16
and it's better cause food is good and there is no kids trying to steal my sugar skulls
/me is playing game
whats up everypony
crap all.
the ceiling, the sky and the sun Moopy
uh......what
you asked
uh
well i meant to say was yo
yo ?
yeah yo
and that means ?
why is the chat dead anyways?
cause it's almost 4 AM(here) i guess
heh im staying up all night here
in all seriousness what "yo" means, it was not on my english class
whatever moving on
It's just a slang for hi
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Nightly Roundup #485
makes sense i guess
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1351754289832.gif
ohgodlol.
anyone in 4chan would like spaguetti
also i miss watching the rugrats
Good morning, Bronystate
Good morning
as 'Yo wassup, mah BBQ's fizzled in this drizzle and thtte sausages have no sizzle'
Fo rizzle? :O
brb i have to go take a quick shower so yeah
indizzle\
/me is as street as an inland lagoon
/me is also
cause they are from THE FUTURE
you can't grasp their form and usefulness
Mmm beer
Stupid piece of shizzle weather
urgh... next semester will be interesting
I need caffeine...
brb gonna go forage some caffeine
the only unit i can actually take is engineering managment 1
eeeeew
well at least you get to take class right ?
Mutterguy, soon, last exam is on the 14th
TheGreatAndPowerfulT, i've got 4 elective units, have to take at least 3 to get centerlink benefits
3 units i meen, which meens 1 + managment + mathmatics which i need to do again
so you are actually gettin 2 then?
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Pony Party at Hoyts Cinema
TheGreatAndPowerfulT, not sure, looking through my options
well good luck i know how it sucks to not be able to take the class you want
the client spontaneously died
Good morning Bronystate :3
ultra silence T.T
the RPG part kicks in and you just have to check every single path to know you didn't left something good
HavokOC goodmorning there!
hai HavokOC
Huzzah, the welcoming has been doubled
Have some cute
https://fbcdn-sphotos-a-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-prn1/46547_431350313580375_833219049_n.jpg
:3
/me dies from cute
i attack with something creepy then http://i50.tinypic.com/eq2xdg.png
Jesus i never thought to see BS so deadXD
TheGreatAndPowerfulT rarity looks SO evil XD
08,01urrgh
08,01why is Lemsip so fucking horrible?
..who
Cuz pismeL?
08,01i should have just taken ibuprofin...
*your
yep haven't even finish yet
People are awesome
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQ9eNGGdPEw
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: 'least yours is creepy
what you mean ?
Hello alexxm :3
mornin.
hai alexxm and Slickdude117
hey guys and how are things HavokOC
sup TheGreatAndPowerfulT
Things are good. gonna play some Osu in a bit
08,01BS is so dead at the moment because I'm ill
08,01that is the legit reason
somehow that didn't sound right
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: what i ment is mine wasn't ceepy or scary in the slightest
which one was that ?
i think one lightbulb is not working
dude that guys body is messed up
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: http://i.imgur.com/Rzlmj.jpg this one
i liked Derpyjack over there and luna's shadow on the moon
why does this guy not die
quest guy
la la la
played agest bots set to very high and wong in a small arena
son*
won*
Laser surgery Free with doctor Sumica
mica will you make me a sandvich
please
imma chargin mah lazer
im hungry
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: heh you and SB have another thing in common he liked Derpyjack too
so who else has seen the gameloft ad for the pony game using Trixie as the spokespony?
Of Course Trixie is the SAlesmare for This Game, Trixie Needed the bits for her New stage and Trixie Could not pass teh chance to promote somethin with Trixie on it
i haven't
it might be free, the pricing hasnt been stated yet
it's free and microtransaction
lots of gameloft games are free, but have adds
the 3d animation isnt all that bad
my only question is the game is for iphone or ipad
iphone ipad android
i would link the ad if I was allowed too
http://youtu.be/u7pRLH3tp_U
http://sphotos-e.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/156621_404393566297620_1407182065_n.jpg
08,01i love the mane on this pinkie drawing: https://fbcdn-sphotos-d-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-prn1/66556_456446824397717_1829188767_n.jpg
that face
08,01also, Eclipse is awesome
XD
you can actually have it display the heap size
and watch as ANY activity makes it rise
08,01Phase4: aye; i also have 15 million tabs open in chrome
08,01which suffers the same problem, except with the indepentant variable being time
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Derpy and Dash Back in Stock
and hot topic server got killed right away
Hey everypony
hai Serenity
Sumica gonna dickjensen?
yey
how are things Serenity
Well, woke up at 7 ecause my mum wanted a drink...
wrek2 why you no 1?
boom headshot
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Comic: The Exorcism of Pinkamena Diane Pie
Luke, I never asked to be your father.
I'd say throw something at it
at what?
Lasers
test
T.T
/me throws Serenity at the Lasers
/me is just about to hit the lasers as they turn off
Lasers are friendly. only wantz hug
"Picked up 1 rockets"
'dat grammar
brbbreakfast
whats that a person with a stutter saying breakfast :S
IKR?
Ohai chat
o-o
/me rolls around ded chat
/me licks LightTrooper105
/me dies
/me poke ded chat
/me plays with his rusty kitchen knife o.o
/me take AdamTheDuck rusty kitchen knife
dont play with it!
:~;
;~: *
;~; *
<--- Deus Ex DLC?
/me trow kitchen knife to wall
new battery time?
We really should stream Sadowrun Returns once it gets released
I've actually just been in a shadowrun game that's ended
Ended? Impossible
Modified so that there no magic 9simply high tech)
well it's ended because the GM said we're done
I see. But magic is kind of the deal with Shadowrun
wseriously was expecting the msp sound there btw
mgs*
yeah but so is high cyberware and hacking. there was lots of hacking. The Driver/ hacker's catch phrase was 'OPEN ALL THE DOORS'
It would appear I'm no longer the only shoujo.
Did you ever play the SNES game?
nope
hell I didn't even really know about roleplaying until I got Baldur's gate
It plays kind of like the old Fallout games. The creator of Shadowrun (pen and paper) is remaking it for PC
2D, turn based and plays like the old
ooh, are you familiar with shadowrun novels?
Never read them but the SNES game is based on Don't Deal With a Dragon
I mean my dad played this thing called D&D and I would have to stay over with my Dad's friends kids
HMM
sorry
unless you're a different Misha, I guess
eenope..
shadowrun returns... is it more like the snes version, the genesis version, or the crap microsoft version?
but until Baldur's gate i didn't really acknowledge it
SNES/Mega Drive
assuming its a game of course :p
Let's forget about the Microsoft version.....
well the snes and genesis/mega drive verions were... different as well :p
It is a game. See previous comment
i must research this then
The creator of the pen and paper Shadowrun is remkaing the SNES game for PC
/me shrugs and gets back in bed
2D, turn based, plays like old Fallout games
Good morning :3
Good morning Ponies47
are they updating the System material to 4e?
Ew, 4e
Don't know
halllo Ponies47
There is a kickstarter with everything you need to know
Hanako 4e Shadowrun not D&D
mutterguy_: oh okay
Google Shadowrun Returns
4e d&d is pig disgusting
Last time i checked they had 2 million dollar
okay
so seeing as they have deckers, I am correct in assuming they are not using the latest shadowrun rules? :)
Hanako i have similar reservations. D&D shouldn't be a board game...
I wonder how easy it is to abuse kickstarter...
take all the stuffs(damn you fallout)
what do you mean Alchemist
it does look good though
Ryunosuke: I don't know. I honestly haven't playe pen and paper Shadowrun for like 11 years
alexxm: I cant help to think, what if someone announces a bullshit project, one he doesnt even intend to do, but gets hundreds of thousands of dollars donations.
Alchemist surely they have to produce an end product though
same here, its been a while, but i know that ... hacking and the matrix hasa gone under significant changes
Shadowrun Returns is due january 2013
well since the SNES/Mega Drive versions
It would have been awesome if it would have been released on 21 december 2012 *wink wink*
what year is it set in is my question :p
alexxm: yeah, one that can be made with minimal effort and minimal budget and looks nothing like the one product they announced
yeah they use wifi now
The Awakening
alexxm: I dont know what kind of follow up is there from the part of the site.
I would guess 2051 if it based on the SNES/Mega Drive game
c'mon Awakening, mutate me to a Dwarf...
^
Well we still got 2 months to go before the manastorm
I would settel for a half elf physical adept
4e is currently set in the 2070s
hmm
Holy shit.
Walking army
if the primer is to be anything of a setting, its set before Dunkelzhan (sp?)
Dunkelzahn died in the 2050's right?
Who?
Well he is dead now...
oh wait
moin everypony ^^
Hello Invi :3
Barbetos: a character from the Shadowrun rpg
dat Ponies47 ^^
Dat's me :P
no wait, its after dunkelzahn, but they didnt mention him?
Dat Invi :3
/me plays a silly sound
The SNES/Mega Drive game is actually pretty fun. I look forward to Returns
Allo Invi
Big D, was the first Dragon President of the UCAS :p
hai Jaymoo ^^
Ryunosuke: though not for too long
UCAS? The megacorp?
the country :p
Oh
and a late hello to you Invi
>Dragon president
iirc
hai that AdamTheDuck :)
We all know how well that will go
basically iirc, the us was split up into several smaller states
plus the native indian territory
iirc?
If I remember correctly.
MUTTERGUY
Current president is ex General Angela Colloton
hai XAX ^^
XAX
Shalish-shide, and other elf nations, amerindian nations, aztlan, etc
Hello XAX
Hi XAX :3
mutterguy_: http://www.hoyts.co.nz/Movies/details/My_Little_Pony.aspx Did you see? :O
were there two "countries" for the elves? One in jamaica, one in ireland?
Sumica: can you go between games without causin explosions
NewSuperBronyU|Zzzwait, wat no wat HUH???
Alchemist, there was one up in washington and one in northern california iirc too
*xax
XAX, .-. Movie?
salish-shide was up in washington, you had to go there in the mega drive version :p
I only played the SNES, bro
how is he still alive?
Ponies in church? That's it, im becoming relgious!
you show ponies in church?
>_>
well... we actually watched simpsond oone time in church :D
LOOK UP YOU IDIOITS
oh
uh no. too lazy ^^
That's a rather confusing name for a city
Misha when did that happen
XAX I guess we shall have ot make this a meet up!!!
Well i'll go and try to sleep, Goodnight everyone thanks for the stream Sumica
nighty TheGreatAndPowerfulT
Goodnight TheGreatAndPowerfulT
bye TheGreatAndPowerfulT
Ryunosuke: I need to re-read all the shadowrun novels, I cant remember the geography and many many other stuff.
Night TheG....
Alchemist: Would you recomend them?
mutterguy_: I'll definately try my best to get along to it.
Alchemist: Right now i am busy reading A Song of Ice and Fire
*well one and a half years ago
i know
That one random guard who saw that just throught out his flash of whisky
Still tidying up though.
i saw the shit tha got damaged
threw*
Misha: The Dragon Heart trilogy definitely, Black Madonna is great, LX-IR, Technobabel. all good books
When I woke up during the earthquake, I legitimately thought it was just huge winds banging the windows.
JRP, just explaining to Misha
should i continue the cupcakes song remix or sleepeis?
Then dad rushed in and told me to GTFO of bed, because the earth was quaking.
._.
that's was my thoughts about the 7.1 too.
augmenteded eyes
Alchemist: I'll look them up, thanks bro
The second bigish one (the aftershock that actually caused deaths) happened literally as I sat down in my computer chair one lunch time.
I just realised. In decmeber i have been watching FiM for 2 years
whos seens james rolfes youtube channel background recently?
yeah it took me 20 seconds from waking my eyes to getting up and under the door frame. ~4:35 is a god awful time to be woken up
ikr.
JRP2234: James Rolfe = AVGN?
well, precautions.
none actually happened :p
JRP2234: ohai random OC pony in the background :)
yeah because the epicentre was around Charing cross (actually close to my Grandada's old farm)
reast coast.. this was back in 2010
*east
im back o.o
that was probably from japan??
what I miss?
Welcome back LightTrooper105 to ded chat .-.
i notice AdamTheDuck
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1351766402843.png
captcha is a great thing.
wut.
WUT
[Testing spoilertags](/spoiler)
lolwut XD
no it's South islanders rant about recent seismic activity
No, they don't work
:)
hacking is an ancient chiense secret
And yes Ryunosuke it is
you know
I suppose it cant be bad, if Jordan Wiesman is running it :)
The creator? ikr?
the oddest captcha i've ever had is: http://img109.imageshack.us/img109/1350/whatthefuckcaptcha.png
ya
Did you watch the video? They even made fun of the FPS
upgrade all the augments
What's so odd about it XAX?
FPS Shadowrun was so bloody lame it was unbelievable
AdamTheDuck: .-.
Adam, pls go.
U r blonde
The blondest
^
elrida? .-.
You know what we call some bimbos? Kinderegg, cause they got brown hair, but they're blond on the inside
he can't be blonde, he's a duck!
and your a turkey
lol
Pritchard. All the homos for Jensen.
/me pours garish yellow food-dye on adam
/)_(\
elrida ossibility |: pp383' is plenty weird though
weird how? Aren't they all random like that?
>_>
Adam.
they are,
Just.
but the |: PP383' is just really awkward
Holy crap you're missing the point by a long shot.
not sure if you're supposed to type it in-
SQUIRREL!!!
XAX wat will we do
/)_(\
Most captchas are batshit insane and silly-
what's WORSE is the deaf option
It's just a burst of noise, and you're left like "What?..."
Jmo: iunno jmoo.
*blind
/me pokes Jmo
/me huggles Gold_Demona
Dema dema dema~
Oi XAX how much does Hot Topic charge you for shipping?
d'aaw
dat Sumi pony
Ponies \:3/
Pony vampayas?
Oh God this
it's probably not polite to not watch the stream... when I can
did you all see the 8 minute preview of the season premier?
this...
DeadpoolDash|GW2: nope, and I dont intend to.
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK
I did
i'm watching that over my deqad body
mutterguy_, meh, people don't notice if you do or not ^^
"I havent written Shadowrun material in 20 years, and in those 20 years, there is a shit tonne of Shadowrun Material"
No-one is gonna force you to watch it o_O
00,10wah huh?
just stating my point
Lux aeterna makes everything 1000% more dramatic
moar cussing ponies(and griffons)
watching the PAX presentation of Shadowrun Returns :p
wat is dis?
BEEEEEEEEEEES
XD
Not the bee's! D:
Ryunosuke: the wat?
best nick cage acting ever
Sumica: did you film the clip where there is a talking pinkie pie plushie with dead batteries?
Kingdom of Zeal
*cough* Chrono trigger*cough*
00,10no I did not
dat face
00,10wonder if Dari is lurking
have they done a 'showdown with Magus' yet?
Mebbe
daaaabi
jaymoo! <3
u sexay thang <3
Jmo: I havn't used Hot Topic, because I never have money. So iunno.
Ahk
dabi shouldnt you be in school
00,10Dash just for Dari
okay shor version who missed the conversation earlier, Jordan Wiesman (the creator of Shadowrun) is making another Shadowrun RPG video game :p
Heheheh
I really like her mane http://cdn.derpiboo.ru/thumbs/1200/800/2012/10/29/03_19_11_875_135411__UNOPT__safe_rainbow_dash_vector_artist_roliga
oops, forgot to use derpy.me, sorry.
00,10it's ok, it's not that long a link
How long does this last? XD
HOLY JESUS ON A POGO STICK
o rar's face
rarity is not impresed
What a picnic
dat paper twilight
:$
was thinking that
Alchemist: >dat mane.
No more!
What is sandvich?
Baby don't hurt me no more
Weisman stated that if the kickstarter hit 1.5mil USD, there would be a mission that will tie together the SNES and Genesis stories, the project ended up with 1.9mil USD
probably the best 3D pony model I've seen so far http://derpy.me/0WzUE
Alchemist: I've seen a celestia one that's a bit better than that ._.
Hiya
Hello RainbowAsh
Hi AdamTheDuck
XAX: my main issue with what I generally see is that they have a fine profile, but they get creepy from the front
This right here.
Good evening Bronystate! :)
how are things MadSurgeon
Hello MadSurgeon
/me MadSurge
:D
XAX: that is simply breathtaking...
so is this pmv
All the fanart
XAX: : |______________________________|
Lawl
Man I'm pretty
Spike Bravo? I'd watch that
o uncle
bye guys
Bte alexxm
Bye*
bye alexxm ! :)
AIIYAAAAAAAAAAAAH
00,10would rather watch that
wish it was longer
SpeccyRush: It's so good .-.
>coming soon
Their definition of soon doesn't fit mine. ;_______;
been lika a year and a half
00,10Soon™
^
blizzard soon
Valve Soon™
...soooon
