Meanwhile: politics=complete idiocy
11,02twilight_sprinkle: Ewwww D:
:)
Cypresswolf nah, just old farts who have no idea how society works now
Holy god! Shizu stream!
:D
I'm gonna put on my Pinkie Pie cutie mark!
/me stares upward, it's getting frosty cold in here.... :<
yay now NewSuperBronyU wotn eat me :3 it worked MahBoi777 !
Tomorrow.
What the hell is with the dark looking sky?
have you noticed that broccoli tastes like...............
twilight_sprinkle: Huzzah! XD
BROCCOLI?
08,01Kandarihu: that's why you should do your own research and make up your own mind
D:
EH YO MYTHBUSTERS
13this crater is the result of three nukes btw
Kurra: You're lucky you're not in Arkansas, its hot as **** over here
I NEED YALL TO BUST DIS SHIT
Broccoli tastes like awesum
13and wait til you see what's underneath
HoodyNinja, no. I mean, there's windigos coming up in channel here :(
Inb4 giant explosion
it's so...round
Is it Cthulhu?
08,01hell, i'd love to live in the Valley
08,01Nittany_Discord: why?
wow thats a hell of a crater
Damnit, who mentioned Mitt Romney? Now I'm thinking of that CollegeHumor parody....Mitt Romney Style~
:O Did Shizu stream the nuke explosion?
Shizuka, there's not Fission Metroids comin' out of this impact crater no? D:
Kurra: windogos quick everypony hug me
Nice hole
Cypresswolf: I don't think she did
05me*
Kurra well played
Hi ThePillowship scout19_tf2 Dken2021 AJIsAwesome|AFK and MahBoi777
Hi SafariMonkey :)
another crator
Shizuka O_O So... awesome!
Holee god
Woah...........
Romney is so rich and white, it's like Obama's running against a cheesecake
Thats quite a view :)
thats awesome
Mitt, Mitt, Mitt, Mitt, Mitt Romney Style~ Eeeeeeeey weathly ladies~
ITS BEATIFUL
Takes a while to type on here
/me pokes Pinkies4thWall
Well then.
Wrek: you mean non-free healthcare?
11,01Because I make calls encouraging people to vote for Romney.
SafariMonkey: Try using tab. :)
And hi thelonepony
Shizuka: how fuqin long did it take u to do dat
13natural generation
13mystcraft
13is AWESOME
05twilight_sprinkle: i mean the fact that healthcare doesnt seem to be viewed as a human right provided by the community for the ocmmunity
AJIsAwesome on a phone?
Ah.
phones don't have tabs :I
Mystcraft? There are Myst mods for Minecraft?
13Wrek: the problem is you take money from people to pay for it
13that encourages people to not work
08,01Nittany_Discord: well, i don't hate you for your political views
13because someone else will pay for them
but the problem with free healthcare is that it usually sucks
That is probably the greatest Minecraft seed ever made
13that too
Shizuka: im not taking it from you, im giving it to me
Lately I've been leaving my phone on in my pocket and draining the battery haha
minecraft craft, a minecraft mod that turns minecraft into minecraft!
Everything sucks, that's basically where this is going.
Somepony should host a BronyState Server
05i will gladly give a % of my income for the pool that saves all our lives when we need it
i used to live in a country with free healthcare, and it was terrible
05but guess thats my opinion in the matter
Every system every politician and every way of living is failure at some point.
twilight_sprinkle: but then the fire nation attacked?
13not everyone is like you wrek
Wrek could say the same.
13most people would like the choice
AJIsAwesome there is a button for it. It's about 8px wide.
Somepony should host a minecraft server for Bronystate
cachi01: naw, i attacked! rawr :3
String_Shredder: He got the momma genes....and a Mr Fantastic face.
11,01The US has government health care for seniors (Medicare) and low-income people (Medicaid).
SafariMonkey: Ah, now I see.
twilight_sprinkle: lol
Not those who are lying and dying, not having money for healthcare...
08,01Nittany_Discord: i'm just of the opinion that the candidate you support is a prime example of everything that's wrong with your country
/me misses important discussion
>important
Errbody in Cleveland got Obama phone!
05its not like you cant get private healthcare here aswell if you now happen to afford it
Wrek: same, if of course i have any sort of money, since free health care just usually ends up being horrible
twilight_sprinkle nah, its good.
hey guys im gona go but ill be back in 7 houros at the most
08,01HoodyNinja: i didn't say Republicans
08,01i said Mitt Romney
Bye, therainbowvortex. :)
brb sister is taking over the computer again:'(
Why is chat talking politics at all.
05twilight_sprinkle: its not horrible here jsut casue its free
scout19_tf2: tell her hi
05so i cant see that as a legit excuse
13considering the alternative is guaranteed to crash the country into the ground..
Meanwhile: Because if not we talk about dicks :I
08,01Kandarihu: yes
HoodyNinja: we dont talk bout dicks
Implying the country isn't already crashed into the ground...
Main difference is that you dont pay.
HoodyNinja: we talk bout boobs
Meanwhile: Its on its way
Inb4 flame war about politics
cachi01: That too :p
We can't help talking about things that are seriously on our mind.
Red_M flame war? xD
11,01We currently can't afford healthcare for everyone. We're in deep debt.
Red_Pegasus*
Nonsense.
indeed.
Wrek: well i guess it depends on how much money the government is willing to give to that, because in my country the health care was free and it was horrible
11,0116 trillion and climbing.
/me puts some popcorn kernals in a pot and waits for one to pop
Positively nonsense.
08,01Red_Pegasus: it's not going to be a flame war, because we're all mature individuals
I mean, I'd rather not talk politics right now, because I get heated.
You spend too much on warmachines.
We could EASILY afford it.
The only other guy who had a real shot at getting the GOP nomination was Rick Santorum. If he got the nomination, we'd be having the EXACT conversation about him today.
Meanwhile: We do.
/me sighs and puts away his flamethrower
We CHOOSE not to, because we're idiots who think we need more big guns.
08,01Nittany_Discord: those of us who aren't generally get kicked
08,01it's natural selection
11,01I personally wanted Ron Paul to get the nomination.
Let go of your heated! Understand the things that matter more than what media and society tells you you should be angry avout D:
05anyways
11,02ALL THE COLORS
Also, people in Eastern US, get ready for a nasty storm.
Been a few months since I lasat played Minecraft - that wonderful underground expanse makes me want to play again
05once could aslo see it like this
Randomnerd, don't remind me of Sandy please.
Randomnerd oh holy fluff D:
lol
Not only is he a homophobe, but he's also freakin' rich. And he doesn't like poor people.
I'm mad. I made plans, and they're pretty much shot, now.
/me cowers with errone else for Sandy D:
11,01My only fear with Romney is siding too far on copyright issues, but I don't know his stance on copyright, and copyright is a small issue compared to our economy.
Randomnerd wait what storm?
I have to make sure my old man is ok :-/
Still havent forgotten about that Redwall project - Had a spot for Brockhall & Redwall picked out
11,02Gas is going to be cheap in the future at only $14.39 a gallon.
Randomnerd, well it's not gonna hit us directly, but we're gonna get some rain
I herd Romney packed a dog on a roof rack. Like ten years ago.
NewSuperBronyU what a deal
SB: I've been arguing with a guy who thinks that, because Nintendo is releasing some new package deals for the Wii, that parents will confuse it with the Wii U packages....and that it'll be Nintendo's fault if so.
05US is one of the top super powers in the world (atleast used to be) of course the rest of the wrold cares about their politics. the day we stop is the day the US is as powerful as say... the vatican but withotu the religion
Cypresswolf: I love redwall
NewSuperBronyU: 14.39 a gallon? Dafuq planet you talkin' about?
Nittany_Discord, indeed. It's not a major issue so he might not have a policy on it at all.
>only
Gator wrestling 2012
And was in search of Salamandastron on my last play through
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Aaaaaaanything happening in here?
Or are we ded?
...why we killing alligators? ;;
I would've voted for Paul.
Because they have teeth, Kurra !
I refuse outright to vote for Romney.
11,01It's only a major issue when the whiny copyright holders try to lobby a new copyright law in.
The Vatican. I wonder how much stuff in there could be flogged at a decent price.
nusic kinda fits the mood
11,02CriticKitten: It clearly says Wii on the package, isn't the right price, and comes with the wrong games, anyone who buys it thinking it's a Wii U deserves it.
Randomnerd well that sucks. I dont like rain much
My friend likes Romney because of Paul Ryan.
Deeeeeeeeaaaaaaaad.
The vatican is quite powerful Wrek.
Meanwhile: There's GOLD in them thar churches!
11,02Besides, at $130-$150 it's still a darn good deal.
Shizuka: You should get that oil
Wait, what are we doing here?
NewSuperBronyU xD
05SafariMonkey: because of their religious status
SB: According to this guy, that's totally Nintendo's fault. I was like "....u srs bro"
11,02Write it off as the cost for the games and controllers.
And yet it became an even bigger issue whenever a major filesharing website gets knocked out.
im not dead
I see political discussion.
im cachi
BA
Interesting time to drop in, I guess.
DUM
TAA
TSS*
Randomnerd: Damn straight there is. The stuff in their archives is probably worth thousands for age alone.
FUCK
Reikim: get out brother
I went to the lengths of finding & buying a puzzle of Redwall just to get the dimensions right - the Bell tower alone if converted to Human size, would be approx 225 ft tall
11,02It's Nintendo's fault for a consumer buying their product willingly.
Reikim the best time of course
Reikim, it... it would be cooler if people thought outside the box ;;
Yep!
05thats why i said without thew religion
lets all blame dinkleberg and end le conversation
Wrek fair enough
05cause thats where their power comes from
/me cachi01 acaso con camtasia se pueden editar videos, onda como juntarlos, editarlos, ponerles efectos de sonido, clips adicionales, etc?
DINKLEBEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERG
And it's also a minor issue whenever a major filesharing site encounters lag or downtime and people THINK it's been knocked out.
Dark92Enigma: para eso usa sony vegas pro 10
Sigh... I'm bummed out over a lot of things, but I guess we all have problems.
Nintendo is evil. We've been here before.
/me blows an airhorn
nintendo is evily good
I'm going to need a new computer to work on Minecraft Redwall project - Vista doesnt like my games
EA is evil
13this is the first one i sent off
^
No worse than Google.
CriticKitten: Yeah because that cheaper Wii doesn't have the Wii U tablet on the box. How could people confuse that redesigned Wii with the U is beyond me
05i still cant see how a moneypool for healthcare encourages lazyness
cachi01: sorry i tried to /msg but i did the /me
SEGA is just lazy
J_E_Smith71: Because of dumb
cachi01: hold on
k
Kurra, what does Sandy's location look like now?
I thought you meant without being religiously powerful, bit in other ways instead Wrek.
13Wrek: why should i contribute to the pool? someone else will pay for me
11,01No incentive for work Wrek? That's what socialist policies can do.
Ah, the old "Why get it when someone else can?" issue.
13i go a bit of the opposite
Wrek: It doesn't. What does contribute to laziness is our broken welfare system, however.
Sorry phone kbd
Shizuka taxes on food, you dont have a choice
13why should i work, i'll only be paying for other people
05i still gota work to pay rent, buy food stay warm. still paying taxes
Shizuka and from your paycheck
Is the video sound getting staticy for anybody else?
13that doesn't make it okay
All of you are DEAD!
Red_Pegasus, it's fine for me.
Shizuka how so? You get it for free if you need it. Whenever you need it?
OH SLENDERMAN HAS COME FOR ME
Nope.
Everyone here is a robot
11,01Actually, should we be arguing politics in here right now when it's discouraged?
13at the expense of taking home less of what i've earned
/me sorta hopes that if gas price goes way high, the US will become a nation of bikers sorta
Robots are dead.
Red_Pegasus: GIVEHIM 20 DOLLAHS
05fair point Nittany_Discord
05but i still cant see how that alone is an incentive
Pillows can't be robots
But see, that's separate from healthcare. Healthcare coverage doesn't make people lazy. What you're talking about is welfare, which IS admittedly broken. But providing healthcare to everyone doesn't encourage them not to work....those two things aren't exactly tied.
robots are not living creatures
The only way I can see the US recovering would be dictatorship...
13it is when it's free
Nittany_Discord, as long as we can be civil about it, it's cool.
No srsly though I opened a greenlight about a game about slenderman and it became staticy :L
there is no such thing as free
How? How does free healthcare encourage people not to work? They still need money for everything else, don't they?
You pay for it yourself
I like healthcare...
08,01over here, we have National Insurance
I would probably be poor without healthcare.
08,01this is a contribution that is mandatory, like a tax
Red_Pegasus: well its a slendy gme. what did u expected?
Sorry Shizu.
05ok i think the problem here is the word free. when theres a moneypool, all the healthcare is essentially already payed for isntead of puttign a ahuge pill on aa single person
08,01the money goes towards healthcare, but the years that you are paying a contribution determine the amount of your state pension
Now if your next thought to that comment was "but the government pays them for that too", again, that's *welfare*. Which isn't healthcare.
08,01it tends to work quite well for us
05and since its a part of the tax everyone basicalyl already pays for it unless they are avoiding taxes
/me pokes cachi01, Reikim and Ponies47
05which in of istelf is a crime iirc
/me is poked
oh good, politics are being discussed
/me dies
/me Is poked by ASoftFluffyThing
/me Explodes
DeadpoolDash mmhmm
People are coming from the UK to the US to get health care that NHS can't provide, I hear.
boy there's more yellow and red than a pikachu orgy
Mods are out only during the boring conversations
someone piss someone else off or something?
DeadpoolDash, get your popcorn out
this never ends well
I'd rather pay taxes than go personally bankrupt beacuse i got a disease. lol
Buytoast: ....wat
^
Airpuff, that's what insurance is for.
05Kandarihu: gotta be nice when i can spend my fortunes to get experimental treatments to a rare contidion
You mean insurance that most people can't afford? :P
http://cristgaming.com/pirate.swf
05anyways
Buytoast you deserve a cookie for that one
CriticKitten all people can afford it.
05im with nitt here
Goddamit. Why must EVERYTHING I poke explode??
[21:54:00] <Kandarihu> People are coming from the UK to the US to get health care that NHS can't provide, I hear.
cachi01 got something to trump that http://thebest404pageever.com/swf/blood_on_grave.swf
I do so love how insurance has become a "thing", by the way. It's such a ripoff.
CriticKitten or perhaps not in the us.
SO, HOW ABOUT HALLOWEEN COSTUMES!
08,01i have a friend at uni whose mother has a rare heart condition; her mother was landed a bill for $2,000,000 for treatment, so she could carry on living
"Pay us now, and maybe if you get sick in the future we MIGHT pay for it!"
ASoftFluffyThing: I'm going as the cop from Reno 911
HoodyNinja, which one?
11,01$2 million?
08,01yup
is that
ASoftFluffyThing: Dango
a drill?
I think :p
Dken2021: HOLY SHIT LOOK AT DEM KITTIES
WHO WAKES THE RED_M?
"Pay us money now, and we'll consider giving your family some money if you die!" <--- The "life insurance" scam in a nutshell.
CriticKitten "dont pay us now and go bankrupt when you get sick" is that any better?
HoodyNinja, oh god I had the feeling you would say that.
i heard a ping
Red_M: Hey! Your red too!
no
Insurance is a good concept, just not executed well
13Airpuff: because savings accounts don't exist
RED IS MAINSTREAM
i am the _M that is red
BLUE FTW
cachi01
stop being hipster
that's my job
being hipster is too mainstream
yay it's snowing again
I'm grey :$
and now
I SLEEP!
Airpuff: That model doesn't exist if you provide healthcare to your citizens. Then they get healthcare and don't go broke paying for it. >_>
05but anyways
Shizuka i guess they do, well If you like your system, keep it. I personally like feeling safe that if i get sick, i get treatment.. and this at the cost of nothing really.
13it's so nice that there's like two people watching
I'm watching.
^
I'm just talking too. ^_^
Airpuff: check your auto complete text before you say it
Shizuka: im watchin :3
Hey im watchin
I'm watching :) Intently!
A engineer skin would go well with this
05then again i could argue that sicne i shouldnt even be modding i have no reason to care
05but im a nice guy
i'm watching
05so i do my job even if im suppsoed not to
Be back in a bit
It cost me $12,000 for a 7 day hospital stay for pneumonia, I didn't have insurance. But guess what I paid it all back without getting any handouts from anyone.
11,01If I get ill, I am almost utterly screwed.
Tekkit is fascinating
00,03MURRIKA
11,01I'm out of college and in debt.
FINAL BOSS MUSIC
Red_M my auto complete?
'Merrica
I am screwed if I get sick, period. >.<
I admit that our Health Insurance needs reform. But the way Obama is doing it isn't the right way.
alright im back
What was that popup? O.o
05Kandarihu: and we never said it was
what soundtrack is playing now?
08,01honestly, the system we have in the UK works *really* well; we have socialised healthcare, and it works, on pretty much all ends of the spectrum
All that diamond
13still tron 2.0
11,01I had a couple of hospital stays during grad school. Luckily, I had insurance.
08,01including the end of the doctors getting paid
13halfway through i think
cool
Oh, that's the music player?
00,03So ANYWAYS... how 'bout dat Minecraft?
Ah okay.
I don't like Romney OR Obama. But I hate Romney quite a bit more, so it's a lesser of two evils thing.
08,01we also have private healthcare for those who can afford it
13okay can we stop crying about insurance and watch the tunnel boring machine go
Reikim, why do you hate him?
00,03^
05they have an insourance for it
05we dont
Minecraft is far more complex that I thought when I first started - are those self drilling carts new?
COLORS
Shizuka, I'm doing both
00,03Look at all the pretty colors~
05different systems to the core
Shizuka: But what else shall we talk about?
Because he doesn't want to do crap, he just wants to get elected.
I'm not sure if I wanna get a mod now when I get to buying MC
Scoot-Scootaloo damn, beat me to it
00,03HoodyNinja: Ponies
Cypresswolf thanks moddding community
Stop talking about poltics or I release THE FINAL BOSS
It all seems so...advanced and fun and cool and confusing
speaking bout ponies......
00,03And Minecraft
Scoot-Scootaloo: Ew, ponies r gey
WUT DO U THINK OF LPS?
HoodyNinja KILL YOUR FAMILY KILL YOUR FAMILY KILL YOUR FAMILY
Whenever I think of insurance, I think of that one Geico commercial where the guy goes "and they pay you cash, which is just as good as money".
00,03Minecraft Ponies are not gey~
Shizuka: that there's a pretty fancy contraption
13oh hey
13ravine
No, wait, Aflac commercial.
Lunar_Brony: Too late
Lava. o.o
ok new topic
His policies on gay rights also make me cringe, and I hear bad things about his stance on women's rights, though I take that with a grain of salt because rumours.
Is Bstate having another one of those debates?
That lava is strangely brick shaped.
05fine
05fine
00,03No, we're looking at the PRETTY COLORS
05no more politics
Reikim: I HAVE RELEASED THE FINAL BOSS ON YOU
13out of coal again ><
Im with Wrek
DO U THINK LPS WILL HAVE A FANDOM AS BIG AS MLP:FIM HAS?
13or
13oh no it just hates lava
CriticKitten, It's always brick-shaped I think
Politics are confusing
aww so close :)
cachi01: Probably not, IMO.
08,01i want to be with wrek
08,01>.>
08,01i mean
Not that I care too much about what happens in the election, not living in the US; I just think Romney's not the best choice.
08,01balls
05now you're thinking with bricks
AJIsAwesome: yeah i also think so
00,03So... how 'bout dem minecraft colors...
it stopped . . ?
Love how it ran out just before the lava flow
They are pretty Scoot-Scootaloo
11,01Well, I need to go to bed. Night everyone.
HEY
I was done.
Cya Nittany_Discord
latas Nittany_Discord
08,01Wrek: bricks do not make for a tasty mid-morning snack
g'night Nittany_Discord
00,03Night Nittany_Discord!
Night, Nittany_Discord. *dusts*
night Nittany_Discord :)
05i shouldnt even be modding right now
Wrek you have a kick counter?! xD
/me puts Nittany_Discord in pajama maid corset
05goes to show
Night Nittany.
sup
Nittany_Discord: gnight aniki
08,01Wrek: the system works!
Night, Nittany_Discord. :)
11,01Bronysith: Almost escaped.
08,01>.<
00,03NYC? I'm from NYC! :D
Night, Nitt.
05hah
Why am I reminded of Ocean 13 with that drill?
05if the system worked id be queued on stremaing
dat tunnel...
@Scoot-Scootaloo cool
sup everyone
New Yawk?
sup NYC_Brony
Hai NYC_Brony
Still TRON, right Shizu? :)
I'm from NC!
NYC is so MLG
hey!
00,03New Yawkah~
I"m NOT from NYC!
So many Yanks in this chat.
ASoftFluffyThing: i not Hi NYC_Brony :)
Back :)
Scoot-Scootaloo, I meant to commend you for leaving the stream on that ending frame from Power Puff Girls.
wb sonicdude558 :)
AJIsAwesome: yes :)
WB sonicdude558
OKay. Thanks, RDash5000. :)
sonicdude558: sup sucka?
i'm on another pony chat
Who u callin sucka
Just a loudmouth Yankee, I went down to Mexico...
This music goes well with Shizuka's Swamp Base
I have a friend from New York, Maine, Pennsylvania, Washington state, and California
God.. i hate getting pings for the "Power puff girls" But its funny how ofthen people say it.. xDD
I love that NYC accent for some reason, it's amusing. :3
:P
U, sucka
DUH!
lol
that screech - headcrab?
/me slaps HoodyNinja
power Airpuff girls
/me sits on sonicdude558
00,03Oooh, and Veggie55 is going to NYC as well ^_^
cachi01 xD
Scoot-Scootaloo: moar comics?
Mmm
who is the guy that films all of these live streams?
cachi made a funny!
/me 08,01nuzzles Wrek
Swan Dive!
08,01i can tell
00,03nah, no more comics :/
I'm heading out for a while. See y'all later!
I prefer plastic frames to wire frames
latas Lunar_Brony
Scoot-Scootaloo: :(
00,03NYC_Brony: They're all live, dude~
That's me, though.
cya Lunar_Brony :)
13so uh
Bye Lunar_Brony|AFK
13little miner's been busy >>
The music has perfect timing
/me waltzes out of chat
I'll be back . . .
cya Lunar_Brony|AFK :)
btw is mlp gonna come on november 10 because my friend told me that it will come on the 10th
The music timed up well with you entering the cave
Uh.
Dat lava.
NYC_Brony you are correct sir or madam
NYC_Brony: Incredibly old news. Wonderful source though, really.
Good
SAFETY TORCH!
ty
Shizuka you must've bonked it quite well into it's head.. since it seems rather obsessed.. xD
Nothing says "credible" like "My friend told me."
dat jump for joy :D
eww, a backpack
Shizuka, how do you not die when you drop all the way from the ground into the water, especially from that distance?
cachi01, what's LPS?
brony(bro)i am a guy
Big Mac'n http://derpy.me/7e
Kandarihu: littlest pet shop
....
Oh. Okay
Snaaaaaaaake!
um?
cachi01 lps?
0,14...they have snakes in minecraft now?
Snake? SNAKE!?
Snake? Snake?!? SNAAAAAAAAAAAAKE!
SNake?
Roasted Snake :)
CONFOUND LBP AND ITS HARD SHARK SURVIVAL LVLS
Snake?!
Oh
SNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKE
SAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKE!
UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
SNAAAAKE SPAM?
So much snake.
I like snakes :3
xD
I want to swim with the sharks in a cage one day.
GET IN THE BOX SNAKE
JAAAASOOOON
00,03JA-ON!
JASOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON
press X to jaysun
i'm so excited for mlp
SHAUN
MADISION
Press O to Shawn
SHAAAAUUUUN
SHAUN!
borehole?
Shaun*
Snake is best box.
Ethan Mars fucking sucked at looking after kids,.
Seriously.
You gais r weerd
Press G to Scott Shelby
press X to watch something fucking depressing
00,03SCOTTT!
I love how no matter where you go, anyone who's played Heavy Rain has made that "JAAAAAAYSON" into a thing.
Press seventeen to potato
press y for your mom
CriticKitten: How can you not?
JAAAASOOOON
Xbox
00,03What was the mom's name?
Meanwhile: He sucked at a lot of parent-related things
Press Z to Zoidberg.
Hey, all.
Press X to kill your child
z
Scoot-Scootaloo: Fuck, who mnows.
knows*
He wasn't a very good architect either
DocSane: sup sucka?
Xbox system menu voice
(V)0,,,,,0(V)
sup DocSane
Press D to Dash
Press Run to DMC
Press X to cut your finger off.
las vegas
:D
press start to catch the killer
/me presses all the buttons
Lol Airpuff
Should I be concerned that I haven't gotten a Bronystate lottery entry email in two weeks?
nice one airpuff
Wow. One could get lost in these tunnels
ô_o
DocSane, have you check your Spam folder?
DocSane: You should.
I've seen someone choose to cut the finger off with the scissors. I gotta admit, while the game is really an awful game, that scene is VERY gripping.
I've checked my spam folder every day.
lolgetit
2 more weeks till mlp
Press Mtat Simth to dabi pls
xD
were going in?
Press up up down down left right left right b a start
/me is going to hell, he knows
Was someone looking for me?
Who do I contact about this?
http://bbsimg.ngfiles.com/15/20917000/ngbbs4ba11fca36ff8.gif
I wandered away from my dad because he's drunk.
who is a brony?
08,01i'm not
NYC_Brony: not mw
00,03Brony? In Bronystate?
me
Who isnt?
^^vv<><>BASTART
ikr
What's a Brony?
00,03DA FUX?!?
press Sartun to dabi pls http://imgur.com/Z3YKt
btw whats with this gay ponies?
>_>
What is a man?
i am so a brony
lol
00,03What is a pony? A miserable pile of friendship...
Is a man not entitled to the sweat of his own ponies?
What is Scoot-Scootaloo? A miserable pile. That's about it.
Wrek has swagest kick-counter
But enough friendship! Have at you!
mfw this is a game http://bbsimg.ngfiles.com/15/20917000/ngbbs4ba11fca36ff8.gif
DocSane, yes. Make it sound like you use ponies as manual labor.
Friendship? So not MLG. Nowhere near 1337.
what is press _ to ______
Heavy rain is an excellent game
press x to reply to NYC_Brony
x
X
Heavy Rain hurts my head
I'm not your babe honey.
00,03NYC_Brony: Heavy rain references
Press J to son
press o to not do anything
fuel isn't going
String_Shredder: lol
There was some heavy rain about a month ago.
I'm not your friend, guy!
Press X to not die.
Heavy fell on a neighbor's car because the alarm went off.
im not you guy dude
press qwerty if you are a troll
00,03Meanwhile: I'm not your honey, guy!
Press the x in the corner to escape all the "press button to" messages
Press X to integrate the fifth dimension.
DocSane, yup
press enter to release wht you're saying into the chat
hi
*what
press x to explode
Press X to fucking press X
cachi01: *you're
Hi, Prince_Lunar. :)
hi, Prince_Lunar
x
Scoot-Scootaloo: I'm not a guy deary. http://i.imgur.com/X3Gow.jpg
Your head asplode
/me tosses an airhorn into chat "You know what to do"
/me PRESS ALL THE BUTTONS
13so much spamming...
Meanwhile: My EYES.
i know
00,03In all seriousness, if you're new here, welcome to Bronystate!
Meanwhile: oh my
Meanwhile: SO SEXY
Shizuka: please dont kill me
Meanwhile oh god x
Anyone have any brain bleach?
New people o god!
Press X to read the rules.
ANYONE.
Run!
08,01an infinite number of guys walk into a bar
Press x to ignore Hoody
08,01the first orders a pint
x
00,03Please, enjoy your stay, and odn't ask for pony episodes!
08,01the second orders half a pint
NYC_Brony: WHat? :S
00,03don't*
HoodyNinja: just kidding
Why does Minecraft look like the best Super NES game of 1992?
:3
troll reference
08,01the third a quarter, the fourth, an eight
13bartender pours two glasses
Uh, when does the lottery expire? I just tried to do mine just now and it already expired.
What are you talking about, NYC_Brony? :S
idk
DocSane: press X to read the answer
and the sixth doesn't drink.
08,01at this point the bartender calls them all idiots and pours them 2 pints
is that a dragon?
Press X to Press X.
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/PressXToNotDie
08,01dat Shizuka ruining my joke
Oh yes steam I want to buy the new 2013 Farming Simulator. seems like so much fun.
press X to press R1
08,01not cool.
Press 237643mnfg'ljkn to potato
13obvious setup is obvious
0,14no non-image links, SafariMonkey
It wasn't that funny, tbh...
xD
08,01but still, let me make my shitty joke!
SORRY SORRY FORGOT NO TV TROPES LINKS
237643mnfg'ljkn
00,03Saxy, did I ever tell yo how much I love your colors?
I've actually never seen any gameplay of it
D:
00,03It's so... 
0,14No, but thanks anyway
Cades: Yeah, Pandemic is great
MLG?
/me puts on shades
13scoot x saxy
13shinji x formerly shinji
..........
0,14oi
0,14you
play this:www.foddy.net/Athletics.html
00,03...shades of grey
0,14shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
u startin SaxyPretender?
0,14also
00,03And NOOOOOOOO
i mean www.foddy.net/Athletics.html
Saxy is Fifty Shades of Grey.
Scoot-Scootaloo: Please never make that joke again. :(
Press square to dabi pls
NYC_Brony: qwop
00,03I love you too, Saxy <3
idiotic game yes @Scoot-Scootaloo
hahaha
it's out of feul and power
is this ingame music or some outside soundtrack?
we know
press [ ] to do something
oh good the waters back on
alright well I have to go, time to shower and see where my friends are taking me tonight :P Thanks for streaming Shizuka
press X to stahp teh spam
press K 3 time for random stuff
latas oni_link
later oni_link :)
Kkk
0,14all right, all right, settle down with the pressing of things for reactions
bye oni_link :)
Bye oni_link
Kkkkkk
Bye, oni_link. :)
c ya oni_link
Nope
So
Bye oni_link
from nyc
00,03We should focus on other things, like Minecraft
Who's dressing up as what/who for Halloween?
or your mom
press Matt Smith to be sent TO THE MOOOOOOOON by dari
Good night guys :)
Lawl
Minecraft isn't entertaining unless you play it
night sonicdude558
I'm not going as anything for Nightmare Night. :D
00,03night sonicdude558~
c ya sonicdude558
Bye sonicdude558
Bye, sonicdude558. :)
latas sonicdude558
:)
:L
http://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/2011/7/18/834fa4aa-9bae-4b57-b223-55499cec4ee5.jpg
do any of the streamers use the pony mod for minecraft?
Bye sonicdude558 :)
Damnit I pressed O
cachi01: photoshop
I wanted to buy random stuff and go as Pinkie, but that's more expensive than buying a costume
HoodyNinja: ur house exploded
HoodyNinja: congrats
00,03I used too when I worked at brohoof.net, DeadpoolDash 
cachi01: Yay!
A freakin' tutu for women is like 20+ dollars
What did I win?
cachi01: this aint Halo!
00,03twas nice~
Scoot-Scootaloo: you worked on brohoof.net? UNBAN ME :D
00,03Used to*
oh yeah lol
QWOP
powq
clop
stop
xD
And I don't have 139 bucks plus tax to shell out for something I'm wearing once a year.
cachi01: no
stahp it
When I get the cash I need to build a gaming server box
my season 3 facts http://www.flayrah.com/4372/season-3-my-little-pony-friendship-magic-plus-littlest-pet-shop-premiere-november-10
RDash5000: clop is a good game DWAMNIT
Has anyone ever beaten or won QWOP?
no
00,03NYC_Brony: You should really read the rules.
i did
Hey Bros! last our of the sale get your NYCC 2012 Edition Derpy Hooves figure http://www.ebay.com/itm/121002138607?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1555.l2649
cachi01: oh yea! i forgot about that :D
SPOILERS dfesjndlrighgilvhbsdlvijhabfvljhfbbfhvrfeaadbdkfubh
I got 6 meters on QWOP
hahaha
Beat that
6 meters?
Dat advertisement
Brohoof.net? Worth checking out?
RDash5000: lol
00,03We don't take to kindly to spoilers round these parts~
13that feel when you're getting more redstone than anything else
my best is 61m
SPOILERS: S3 will have ponies
SafariMonkey: minecraft equestria replica server
SafariMonkey: of course is worth checking out
What about that version of QWOP with Twilight. I never beat it.
HoodyNinja: REALLY?! this changes everything!
All I heard was something about stairs
Hey Bros! last our of the sale get your NYCC 2012 Edition Derpy Hooves figure http://www.ebay.com/itm/121002138607?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1555.l2649
RDash5000: GET THE SHOVELS
I never got Twilight down the stairs :D
/me grabs shovels
ponyville + Canterlot = _________ please answer this
ASoftFluffyThing: The ending is.........interesting.
Is that sort of advertising?
J_E_Smith71: Think so.
HoodyNinja: Got 'em
0,14dammit, I was about to get him with a good explanation
um?
Hoofington?
NYC_Brony, don't you know? = Manehattan!
I meant to play it but it was taking forever to load on DA
ASoftFluffyThing: twilight vs stairs?
starts with E
do you all think that vanilla minecraft will adopt a lot of the various mod features into updates?
00,03-_- 
cachi01, yeah that's the one
Twi would win
ASoftFluffyThing: its freaking easy
E________
ASoftFluffyThing: i literally finished it in 50 secs
equestria?
Twilight uses Teleport - Twilight Wins!
Hm.
No ban for NYC_Brony? Is it because it was in the url?
everyone was posing urls
MINDBLOWN
Firefox freezes a little when I try to play flash animations on DA so i don't bother
NYC_Brony: E SHAUN!
well not everybody
well... I bbl again....
asuka miner
jk it's not e it's C
Asuka is best EVA pilot
latas Kurra
O_o thruth or dare?
00,03ScootaChicken: O/////O
/me stay ;)
Scoot-Scootaloo: Oh, and by him I mean LC.
C A N _ _ _
besides Shinji of course :D
NYC_Brony I got banned for a similar offence
Cloudsdale?
Get in theeeeere ;D
I'm trying to avoid spoilers simply because I don't want to accidentaly mention spoilers
shinji can go eat a dick
How the flying fudge do you play truth or dare over the internet?
CANADA
Canada'
Like this! :D
whiny bitch shinji
yes
Who the fuck is outside having a fucking argument?
but with mexico
Truth? *ooooh!* or DARE. *gasp!*
lolk
ASoftFluffyThing: cachi01 >_>
The sucky part about living in an apartment complex. Neighbors that have arguments at four in the damn morning.
Brad_ is that supposed to be Farmland 2?
:/
ASoftFluffyThing: Go to sleep
bitches pls mexico wins
Even more irritating when you have class Saturday morning
I saw a commercial of the game when I was trying to watch a youtube video
00,03Mexico is MLG~
^
my friends fight instead of playing something convenient
Scoot-Scootaloo: /)
00,039\
00,03(\*
/)_(\
00,03So ANYWAYS
00,03How about dat Antarctica?
HoodyNinja: We're in a video chat and we're giving each other truths or dares.
lol
not that difficult.
DeadpoolDash: You aren't? :O
i wanna go to north pole and meet jack the skelleton =D
Awh ScootaChicken
....sigh....
'MURICA
00,03Alaska? You mean that communist state >: (
I wanna go to France
NYC_Brony: canada vs mexico? mmmmmmm tie?
Japan
Communist my ass
00,03NYC_Brony: MLG's will win
Everytime
00,03evertim.
Scoot-Scootaloo: Japan is most MLG
NYC_Brony: everyone does, because every country has players traded from every othr country XD
:P
whoops wrong icon
:L
cachi01, dinna envy.
00,03Mexico has Pelo Loco~
cachi01 what? why?
:J
Mexico has cheep drugs :/
:I
Mexico has somethign I not sure if want...
russia has vodka
D:
MuffinsPrime: u have this. WE DONT http://lifesabowl.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/sour-patch-watermelon.jpg
FUUUUU
Is there still horrible war in Mexico?
see,people are using urls
Kurra: uhmmm im 14 years old. and there hasnt been any war :D
00,03It's video links that we don't want here.
Why are we on fire?
cachi01 LOL U JELLY:D
Kurra: dem usa government with their lies :3
but mine wasn't video
I heard months ago of assasinations and shootings in Mexico
NYC_Brony I mean spoilers a
i was qwop
ok
00,03But it was a spoiler. We don't like spoilers here
Kurra: implying that doesnt happen in every part of the world
ok, i will obey this rulez
No spoilers, please. ;~;
derp
cachi01, what? :[
OMG ARGUMENT
AJIsAwesome|Studying: Go back to studying
:P
It's pretty bad down there. And a lot of it's spilled over into the bordering states in the US
go bact to studying ayejay :3
:3
back*
cachi01: I also heard of giant protests going on in DF, and they're not being reported anywhere.
:3
bad
whoops wrong thing
Kurra: well i live in guadalajara so i dont give a fuck bout DF :D except that my cousins live there :I but they havent told us anything about that
lets play the quiet game
/me wants to just know what's going on from someone who may know.
Dem Mexicans took are jerbs!
quiet in 1
2
3
we have tacos
^^
i am not in there
cachi and lone pony is out
Wow, don't give a %$#@? Oh well...
:I
I have fish tacos :3
fish vs real tacos
i dont like the quiet games :I
We have Taco Bell. Close enough
lol
You guys want ships?
NewSuperBronyU: taco
CrimsonPhoenix: What kind of ships?
LOL ====> TACO BELL <==== LOL
brohoof anyone?
THat dependse. What kind?
taco bell is amazing
go bact to studying ayejay :3
*depends
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mcgyv32SSi1r2qb68o1_1280.jpg Here have some nice, heterosexual, Normal, ships
Scoot-Scootaloo why did I get banned for a link to the date and.a bit ovf text I didn't notice was there while NYC_Brony didn't even get a kick for a whole set of spoilers? Not complaining, just wondering why.
And I am back
Ponies47: sup sucka?
Bronysith: well imagine its amazingness multiplied by 10000000.
Welcome back, Ponies47. :)
wb Ponies47 :)
/me chews on Prince_Blueblood
wb Ponies47
/me really REALLY BUKKEN REALLY hates apathy when he really wants to know about a place he... cares about a little at least
00,03Sorry, meant to ban him... 
CrimsonPhoenix: No Fancy Pants is cheating!
CrimsonPhoenix, I'm saving that image for after my fst.
fast
quiz what is this http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m2lhjcA3m91rsw2ojo1_1280.png
13so much flaming...
HoodyNinja: Nothing much. You?
this is not a video
/me noms on Shizuka
or spoiler
NYC_Brony: looks like pokemons
lol
NYC_Brony: Ummm...
Hold on I know this one
...
Uh....
/me chews on Rev
00,03NYC_Brony: I'm gonna have to go with Pokemon
Nah, it seems Assasin's Creed to me, cachi01.
Its a horses!
:3
Prince_Blueblood, how could you
/me is felling dumb
I used to go to Taco Bell a lot. I know it's not genuine Mexican cuisine, but it's still good.
just a nibble
http://i.imgur.com/GSloF.jpg
feeling not fellin
Rev, how could YOU
g
/me patpats NYC_Brony
Shizuka: Then get the extinguisher
Because I'm me, String_Shredder.
Meanwhile: Dem Squidwards
Meanwhile: What the fuck is that.
I hate forex
Kandarihu: note: once u try real tacos. taco bell will taste like shit
I never know when to quit
o___o....
lame posts everywhere
AJIsAwesome|Studying: Studying us doesn't count :I
Meanwhile: I'm serious, I can't open links, and I'm worried if you screencapped something.
:D
ScootaChicken: My Little Squidward, Krabby Patties are Magic.
Bronysith: Ur lame
what did i say ayejay? :I go back to studying
Shinin armour and princess cadence the conclusion, what happens?
Eh I like the half pound cheesy beef burritos
thelonepony: :<
hi otakon17
NYC_Brony: sex
jk :3
I've been to a genuinely Mexican restaurant. I think I had nachos there. I still don't mind Taco Bell.
I prefer tacos with dripping sauce.
Hia
Fire sauce ftw
otakon17: Do we have one otakon or what?
hi otakon17 :)
hai otakon17 :)
Meanwhile, did you see that picture from the episode of Band Geeks where Diamond Tiara was Squilliam and Applebloom was Squidward?
fire sauce might be a sign of problems
HoodyNinja: No this is my iPod account
it would be funny if there was a pilotible Eva for Shizuka to run around in
I once found out the packaging of Taco Bell meat, it read: "Grade D - Edible" on it. And you bet I'm gonna keep on ordering those, they're so tasty anyway ;;
http://lifesabowl.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/sour-patch-watermelon.jpg i will give 100000000000 thx if someone sends some of this to mah house lol
otakon17: Oh okay :$
truth, dare, or leave
So We Love Fine decided to do an announcement of an annoucement, which turned out to be a Rainbow Dash pack and RD PJs
Prince_Blueblood howso?
cachi01... I.... ffffs -.-
NYC_Brony still here? O.o
Kurra: taco bell tortillas are just plastic
good morning
my ears hurt
DaringDerpy: Sup sucka?
Hello DaringDerpy
cachi01 tasty plastic
hi DaringDerpy :)
/me Runs of to the magical land of TF2
^
HoodyNinja?
Hey DaringDerpy
MuffinsPrime, red sauce is something you don't want to eat
Hi, DaringDerpy. :)
DaringDerpy: :3
:P
it's ok to put your finger in though
Spoiler :(
Hello
hey guise
/me hiss, can't stand the apathy -.-
btw u guys r getting the My littl pony farmville thingy?
Hey Nick_Scratch|Music and oGriofa
00,03what up, Nick_Scratch|Music and oGriofa ~
Hi, oGriofa and Nick_Scratch|Music :)
Prince_Blueblood, red sauce? Kinky.
what kind of pony is this?
0,14I'm guessing this is Myst inspired, Shizuka?
Though the Rainbow Dash PJs are weird since they're adult sized http://www.welovefine.com/3784-rainbow-dash-hoodie-footie-by-underboss.html
cachi01 but its good :'(
ALL the suckas
cachi01: If it's free I shall
Rev, finally someone who isn't completely naive
or innocent
MuffinsPrime: yeah looks kinda cool
I don't know
but god...
00,03J_E_Smith71: That is so freakin kawaii~
And they are footies
J_E_Smith71: Yay cosplay!
13wtf...
dem 3d pony
Scoot-Scootaloo you going to ban him or is all forgiven? :P
guys i have something very important to tell
00,03SafariMonkey: I can't do anything about it anymore :|
i didnt want to say this but.....
Prince_Blueblood, but the red sauce is so delicious. They even make little things to capture the taste of them so you can suck on them over time.
cachi01: You
......
guys...
dammit
uh
no that's not what I had in mind
o_o;;.....
onii-chan :3
Ok Scoot-Scootaloo
Go on...
I just noticed they also have the wings and cutie mark on the butt
00,03NOW YOU BUCKED UP
who is streaming?
O_O;;!
ONII CHAN
I dipped my sausage in red sauce once and it made a big mess on the wrapper
cachi01: cachi-kun~
oGriofa: Shizuka.
Onii chan, my hips are moving on their ooooown~
0,14this chat is going weird places
AJIsAwesome: Figured
i'm taking a break, gonna be back in about 10 minutes
c ya
Scoot-Scootaloo HoodyNinja: Grab em quick, they only have 4 left
00,03SaxyPretender: You're going weird places >: (
minecraft is awesome :)
tacos and sausage make for an interesting food combination
http://i.imgur.com/mOldy.jpg
Meanwhile: TURN DOWN YOUR VOLUME
Sounds terrible, Prince_Blueblood. Such a shame.
best served for breakfast and late dinner
Meanwhile: Raving Furious Sex is the Sumerpan BronyState deserves.
Amen.
I eat anything at any time
God damn that was a funny stream.
food is food
http://scranton.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw5789-ONIICHAN.png
I need an excuse to bring tacos to bed
Just when you think it's all dull and stuff, bam. RAVING FURIOUS SEX.
Prince_Blueblood, are we talking about the same thing or do I just have a really dirty mind.
Prince_Blueblood: You don't need an excuse
this music is so good
/me two dark magician girls go round the outside
SaxyPretender, I say the two of us should create our own society and call it "Normalcy"
lol
ASoftFluffyThing: Alas, twould never work, my dear
HoodyNinja, it's a matter of convenience
what if all the bronies in the world unite and make a country?
0,14but I can't abandon these poor misguided souls!
and call it pootisland
cachi01, the colony would go extinct in a year
POOTISLAND HERE
and the national anthem would go like this
my little pootis my littlepootis aaaaaaaaaaaah
Anvilaaaaniaaa...
SaxyPretender, they're sophisticated people. Surely they can survive a day without us?
pootispootispoorispoorispootis
Anvilaaaa-aaaniaaa-aaa....
more like "too many sausages, not enough tacos..."
repeat that for 5 minutes
Anvilaa-aaa-aaaa..niaaaa.
13i am thoroughly confused....
cachi01, more like that song "Erectin a River" by 69starmix96....
0,14...just for the record, take a look at chat right now, ASoftFluffyThing. I...wouldn't give 'em an hour
Shizuka, Anvilania national anthem intercept
this 24 year old woman is messaging me on pof
anusland
SaxyPretender: Not even 11 minutes? :3
that would be fun
SaxyPretender: You left us for a week ;~;
cachi01, if a country of bronies would be created they would all die.
0,14I did?
So what is Shizuka up to guys?
SHOO﻿ BE DO SHOO SHOO BE DO
she's not attractive and she's bugging me about still being 'hung up' on someone I just recently saw
How do I get rid of her
I thought you did...
:p
Rev: lol why?
Prince_Blueblood: Who?
some random woman
honestly, I want an open country where people really actually cooperate and buy some land and make things go.
Prince_Blueblood: just do it
FAG
Generally, I don't date women older than me
Hey Bros! LAST 30 mins of the sale get your NYCC 2012 Edition Derpy Hooves figure http://www.ebay.com/itm/121002138607?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1555.l2649
/me slaps cachi01
im just kidding lol
cachi01, bronies don't need their own country. Hell, we can't even handle the internet.
13now i'm really confused....
Oh look, the spammer is back.
I am too, Shizuka.
It seems we have a hit and runner.
also, I think I caught something from that girl yesterday
my throat is sore
Prince_Blueblood: just ban/block her, threaten her with litigation.
Internet can't even handle US
litigation over what...
Prince_Blueblood, the girl that you drove to talk to?
ASoftFluffyThing: well..... we are handling the internet pretty good imo
Prince_Blueblood: Just tell her you are not interested OR get to know her and then if you are still not interested tell her so
Rev, yeah, the one that ended in disaster.
disaster = secs
I'm trying to turn that into a 'friends' thing which will obviously naturally decay into oblivion without physical contact
Damn, she's a real bitch.
oh then never mind....
cachi01, true. But that's over a screen. Face to face, however.....that's might yield some interesting results.
no way I'm driving 100+ miles to see a 'friend'
her loss, I would have been an amazing boyfriend
this channel is starfruits @_@
Or would u?
I'm good in bed in any case.
And then Kurra left
not much to talk about though lol
cachi01, it wasn't really about the sex for him I don't think.
Hello random pony!
what are these noises?
/me humps his ps3 the mcpixel way
051 2 3 4 5 6 happy abdomen shoe
/me fucking glomps Wrek
oGriofa: thats me outside your house
cachi01, dafuq.
Anyway, does anyone here know who I should contact about my missing lottery entries?
HoodyNinja: Why dont you come in? Its cold out there?
We Love Fine's new Rainbow Dash pack (Makes it look like you're giving her a piggyback ride): http://www.welovefine.com/3787-rainbow-dash-hug-me-backpack.html
Oh, Rev. You and your youness.
oGriofa: I like the cold, it makes my nips hard
DocSane: Try talking to Fluttercry. THen again, he's not here ATM.
0,14Missing lottery entries, DocSane?
DocSane: The Gambling helpline?
/me glumps Rev
Glumping?
SaxyPretender: I haven't gotten Bronystate emails for the last three weeks. And yes, I've checked my spam box.
U gais r weerd
HoodyNinja: Yea, i like em hard.
/me keeps String_Shredder away from him as he doesn't remember if he's the guy that live in LA
...........
Oh lord is that like glomping and humping combined?
Usually fluttercry's here on Thursday to tell that the survey's about to close
Anyway guys I'll be back
MOVING ALONG~
otakon17: Yay new memes!
otakon17: No. Rev invented it.
Heading home from work
05,15I'm here now! Sorry I forgot to remind you guys this week
So bbl shortly
HOLY GOD these headphones are amazing
fluttercry: Hiya man
and no, I'm not the guy from LA.
remind what?
latas otakon17
Okay brb
so ayejay, whatcha studying for? :3
String_Shredder, you aren't JJ?
fluttercry!
thelonepony: Chemistry. :3
Then who in the bloody fuck are you?
no, I'm not JJ. I'm String.
Hi Have Environmetal :<, lucky AJIsAwesome|Studying
J_E_Smith71: Yeah, I'm messaging him now.
fluttercry: Just asking, is my entry recorded?
i*
Im not JJ either <_<
fluttercry, is my entry recorded.
Where is J Jonah Jameson?
Then I don't know you, String_Shredder.
00,03JJJ is MLJ
Okay. Thanks, fluttercry. :)
Major Leage Jackass?
fluttercry, how many people are signed up?
Well, I'm out. See you crazys later
You should also have the confirmation e-mail
Rev, you know you know me.
For phone charger
05,15yeah, the confirmation email is how you know for sure
Scoot-Scootaloo what isnt MLG to you?
I did, but there have been some cases where people did not finish their surveys and they received a confirmation email.
Inb4 a guy that only me and Rev know becomes a bronystate meme
00,03DerpyMuffins: Communists
AJIsAwesome|Studying: You don't seem to be studying very hard...
Rev, she showed up on skype
Communists are totally MLG
I'm not going to say a word to her lol
:P
hello evry pony
going to see if she says something to me first
HoodyNinja: I chat whenever something interesting comes up. :D
Hi, Gentlemen-geeky. :)
Hi Gentlemen-geeky :)
Prince_Blueblood, the chick that used you or this random 24 year old chick?
AJIsAwesome|Studying: hello mate
hia thelonepony
the chick that used me
that I'm trying to be 'friends' with
I still like her but I'm done playing games
AJIsAwesome|Studying: In order to look for something interesting you must pay attention to the chat, and therefore cannot concentrate on your studies *MINDEXLOSION*
she wants me she's going to have to tell me that and then apologize for all the shit she did
I thought you decided to say fuck that and just cut ties with her.
Gentlemen-geeky: sup sucka?
Hey lad, do you want Tequila :P
na, not cut ties
ochii kan <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
hello HoodyNinja
I'm too nice for my own good
or stupid, I don't know
HoodyNinja: I glance at chat every now and then. :D
goddamn fucking emote spam
probably stupid
<3
Nah, probably nice, Prince_Blueblood
Bronysmith, what's your problem?
I've been told that I'm the same way.
0,14oi, settle down with all the hearts there, pony_2458
Rev, I'm kind of naive too. I'm a hopeless romantic and just love to be in love.
I'm kind of lonely too
SaxyPretender: <333333
wha?
>Sonic was supposed to have a love interested named Madona at the begining
0,14you too, ScootaDuckface
0,14:3
but she lied to me
and so, I can't really trust her
wha?
it's just a really messed up deal
SaxyPretender: Oh god I haet you.
Rev: http://www.memecreator.org/meme/im-not-jj
there is something about night time in Mine craft that so cool :)
I wouldn't trust her at all, Prince_Blueblood
Squallken, it's a 3D lego game
let me correct
String_Shredder: what about jj?
I guess the good news is that she was better and cheaper than a prostitute
3D Virtual Lego game
u gaiz r boaring, imma go pley sum games
can't beat decent p***y for $24
Derpy_Hooves: I'm not JJ
kkkolkimj
mklokmk
00,03He ain't JJ, bay-bay~
String_Shredder: who's JJ?
Wait, was the $24 the amount that it costed to go to her?
yes
CrimsonPhoenix it's block- based. Or voxel based.
00,03It's not the JJ you think, Derpy_Hooves 
I spent $48 the weekend before
Derpy_Hooves: Somebody Rev thought I was for three seconds.
but I had her for a couple days then
SafariMonkey, still a lego game
AJIsAwesome|Studying: are duck freinid isent here
Scoot-Scootaloo: who's JJ?
Derpy_Hooves, you don't know them obviously
00,03Jonah jameson
/me hugs Rev "With your cluelessness and the back of my head, we'll be famous!"
05,15Oh I have that minecraft skin. It's awesome!
That's your head?
0,14Yeah, Prince_Blueblood, Rev, I'm going to ask that you take the conversation elsewhere, this isn't the place
bring me pictures
ok
05,15Shizuka is this the tekkit mod pack?
pictures of naked woman
A wild cachi01 appears!
and spiderman
/me throws a rock at cachi01
inb4 the rock break
cachi01, you can go get that yourself if you really want some.
s
CrimsonPhoenix lego is a brand of building blocks. If you're going to correct someone'
Rev: already did
At least do it right
i thought lego were the ones that did cod mw3
infinity ward made minecraft
Hi Jmo
right?
Hayo
Mayo
layo
Layo
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
cachi01: hahaha
:D
NInja
Tayo
YOLO
NO :|
Neigho
00,03YOLO420SWAG
HoodyNinja|MK9: NO
Jmo: Are you JJ?
you obvouisly love octavia
Maybe.
yolo
Scoot-Scootaloo, no. Just. No.
ITS A OIL RIG
05,15It's fun having industrial mods on Minecraft. I have doubled my mining output and I have more resources than I know what to do with
Jmo: because http://www.memecreator.org/meme/im-not-jj
05YOLO SWAG MONEY
cachi01: the Better Yolo :3
Gentlemen-geeky: But I like oreos...
HoodyNinja|MK9: lol
0,14man, this is a pretty sweet minecraft mod
Lawl
I ain't blonde.
I am.
0,14if the xbox verson had something like that, I might be more inclined to play it
I just drew a "Screw The Nether" picture
fluttercry which ones?
0,14...if I didn't GUILTY GEAR ACCENT CORE PLUS
0,14awwwwwwwwwww yeah
05,15If it's the mod I think it is, it should have mining lasers and quaries
peachoh god. minecraft r34?
05,15which are AWESOME
PeachStreak:
cachi01: da fuq you mean Rule34
screwing the nether
Is that even drawable?
cachi01: the song dipthong the song!!!!!!
HoodyNinja|MK9: let me try
no
What you doing now Shizuka?
Bad Cachi
05,15I feel like the only person that refuses to play in Creative mode
13being a derp...
05,15Shizuka is this the tekkit mod pack?
13that oil well goes down pretty good, nice chamber full of oil underneath
I love creative mode on Xbox, but PC creative... bleh
13but my pumps were broken... beeeecause i forgot to turn ont he power >>
XAX client derp? :P
String_Shredder: ikr
13now it's chugging away :3
da fuq happened?
0,14so what mod is this, Shizuka?
05,15I need to build a nuclear reactor. The solar panels are barely covering all my machines
hi
hey
0,14...You can build nuclear reactors in this game?!
Oil isn't supposed to look like that...
whats up?
how's it going?
05,15SaxyPretender yeah and they can EXPLODE
not too much
Ive been doing housecleaning most of the day :/
just thought I'd drop by and see if anyone was here
0,14SWEET KUNG-FU JESUS
11,02So many colors
ew
00,03IKR?
NewSuperBronyU: moo
that sounds fun
inb4 seizure
Moo :3
11,02Gentlemen-geeky: Moo O.O
SafariMonkey: Nope. I was apparently connected to irc all day on my pc, so I disconnected on both my ipod and pc and rejoined on just my ipod
SaxyPretender If you mine enough uranium.
Moo
its kept me productive :P
._.
11,02.-.
05,15I set up 3 nukes once. I thought my game was just going to break
I went to classes and walked through snow and wind
13dat black gold <3
It was more active earlier, not sure whos here right now
NewSuperBronyU: Wii U C: is level 16 now ,_,
05,15Yeah I'm like 90% sure this mod is included in the tekkit pack.
Do you live in the states?
that was my day lol
yep
05,15I saw the battle axes
13this is technic
Minnesota sucks
BerryPunch, stop getting drunk :<
13it's tekkit but for singleplayer, includes more stuff
lol
XAX it just looked funny.
0,14if I ever get a good computer + money + minecraft, might just invest in this
Ive been lucky enough not to deal with snow
05,15Yeah, that's the one. It renewed my interest in minecraft
0,14looks sweet
hi paranioa :)
I'm in the Northern part too, so winter is already starting up
Hey
We had our first storm this week, it was nice to see rain again.
Eeeeehhhhhhhh'
where are you from?
I've never played tekkit/technic. Should I? ._.
Mods are busy
11,02XAX: :D
dat oil well
California
ah
05,15SaxyPretender there is a machine called a condenser that can turn anything into any other item
0,14...
Hai Phase4
ohai
/me grabs a shotgun
XAX If you like complicated instead of simple
05,15So if you fill it with enough dirt, you can make diamonds
Phase4!
0,14What wizardry is this?
05,15I hear Deus Ex HR
do you get snow at all over there?
The good kind
Deader than Batman's parents.
No I'm not around the mountain areas
fluttercry, not quite anything
WHOA
ores for example can't be condensed
I come back to colors everywhere
05,15Phase4 well, a lot of things
oh boy
most things
i hear icarus
Its pretty rare for it to get below freezing where i live
Then I thought to myself
XAX you can even write computer games inside mipnecraft
13imma turn up both engines :3
fuck ebay
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire, Part 1" airs in 15 days, 11 hours, 55 minutes, 9 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012)
13see how fast this can go
lucky
SafariMonkey_: ._.
I'm going to commission
I want to move to the South when I can
05,15Macerators are the greatest thing ever
dem electric engines
CrimsonPhoenix ^^ commission who?
0,14are they mace dispensors?
tekkit seems to lack those
I was going to say...isnt that worse lol
fluttercry, macerator + energy condenser
fluttercry, + bone meal
hello everypony
Shizuka: your going to blow it up
probably
Hi flutterchu
05,15Rotary Macerators are even better!
It
Isnt this just one big energy consuming circle?
13one tank's full
CrimsonPhoenix go ahead :3
's just cold me talking
yeah
lol
13all being done on solar power
XAX me and my friend did an ascii cinema
13AT NIGHT
i have to sit in school next to a overly obese girl that drules alot DAMN THE AUTISTICS DAMN THEM ALL (sorry about the offense)
13like a shizu~
Panda, you're no mod and it would almost be considered as advertising which is forbidden.
k guys this is my real face http://sphotos-d.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc6/c48.0.403.403/p403x403/197415_3500192678291_2024802220_n.jpg
XD
actually come to think of it.
13one normal solar panel :3
Shizuka, /) didnt realise glowstone worked on solar cells
cachi01: SLEDERMAN
CrimsonPhoenix I thoght we are allowed to post image links...
what is shizu harvesting? :3
13it doesn't
cachi01: He wants his $20.
ah
05,15BTW the guy who did the music for Deus Ex HR did the music for XCOM...so that's more reason to check that game out
cachi01: Your nose is weird
AJIsAwesome|Studying: that one is me lol
Shizuka, mfe or batbox?
cachi01: :D
HoodyNinja|MK9: the mask presses my nose .P
:P
dont tell me i missed thelivingtombstone interview
13mfsu at the head, into a MV transformer to step down
Music is very low on my priority list for games
XAX people have made snake and tetris etc
cool
flutterchu: You did.
SaxyPretender, wat are you doin' with that shotgun?
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Nightmare Night 2012 Fanfic Competition Finalists
not yet...
05,15lol fanfic competitions
13MV batbox at ground level to go inside to step down to LV, have a LV and batbox at the pump
0,14making sure I don't get attacked by impromptu zombies?
I've got some shopping to do soon
That makes sense.
0,14we should totes do a fanfic competition...
So...
05,15SaxyPretender HAHAHAHA no
then again, its not even November yet
inb4 fluttercry thinks he's cooler than everyone else in the world
What to talk about?
0,14aaand
SaxyPretender, didn't we do one?
05,15HoodyNinja|MK9 y u mad?
0,14fluttercry should read the winner :3
SaxyPretender: i agre with fluttercry
0,14and yes, yes we did, Phase4
13Phase4: no idea why my electric furnaces blow out though
I find it kind of funny when people have their lights up right after Halloween
Ive been thinking about it because my laptop was failing on me recently :/
fluttercry: bcuz ur cooler den me ;~;
fluttercry should be forced to read Cupcakes in the dark during a stream.
dats a lot of furnace
lol It wouldnt surprise me
only by a little
N0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Laptops will be CHEAP after thanksgiving
0,14...
:S
0,14dude
eddmario, cause cupcakes is scary?
0,14text wall
05,15watch dat spam
-00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Phase4: Put some clothes on.
i missed it ;_;
why's that?
Shizuka, is that SMP or SSP?
But that new windows 8 makes me wonder if i should avoid it
Shizuka, those cables running low voltage?
13sp
and then flutterchu was kicked. THE END
Black Friday shopping day
oh yeah
13gold single insulated running LV
but im feeling fine
05,15also...I might....MIGHT be reading something for you all as a Halloween special
*confused*
flutterchu we would get kicked for that wouldn't we
Shizuka, looses 1 eu every two blocks
Thats how I got a Skylanders Mega Pack for cheap
fluttercry: ok
fluttercry: Yay. :3
flutterchu: rainbow factory? =D
I would probably stick with windows 7, and get it for cheaper
fluttercry: Is it the Necronomicon?
We need a bronystate Tekkit server. I need Luna Inc. to go global.
05Shizuka: maybe you need to upgrade the perts between the cables?
0,14fluttercry, is it Spiderses? :3
Peace out guys ^^
If its still possible to buy then yeah
05this isnt the furnace
05whats they called...
0,14later Panda
If not I might go get a tablet..
haven't played Skylanders at all
Bye, Pa-
Gone
05,15It's nothing pony related. I'll tell you that much
latas pan- dammit
05that store power
cya pa WHY DO U LEAVESO FAKIN FAST
a tablet would be cool
The games a lot of fun to me, id recommend it
11,02Less than four hours till launch of Windows 8 :D
Not pony related?
bye Pan- damn man too fast :(
fluttercry can't read ;~;
0,14not even My Little Cthulu?
If you can get it at a good sale price go for it :)
0,14(if that's even a thing)
Stallion_of_War +1
05,15It probably is
less than four hours till launch of windows shit
Yeah, I would definitely think about picking it up for cheap
NewSuperBronyU, why are you excited about that failure of an OS?
its not something I want to buy full price though
Ooh
05my little cthulu, friendship is lovecraft
Shizuka: Your bat boxes could be oriented the wrong way, Celestia knows I've done that about 10,000 times... also SMP seems to have a glitch where power doesn't go to places for some reason randomly.
interesting, copper looses less power
0,14also, less than 4 hours intil Y2K 2: ELECTRIC BLUE SCREEN
I never like paying full price for games anymore
13what's copper's loss?
Is there an MLP/Evil Dead crossover fic?
Shizuka, 1 per 3
the toys sound like a huge money sink
kmplmpkmpol;ik,ol nppknlo;mnjlk;,
Every retail store ive seen lately has some kind of discount if you buy a game from them
Ph'nglui mgwaghl Cthulhu R'yleh waghnagl ftagn.
Shizuka, insulated is 1 per 5
13k guess i have to up to glass after all
05,15My Little Cthulu, Friendship is Madness
yeah I mostly buy used
i thought it lost more
They are unless you buy them when its discounted
And why the hell are the clean dishes on the non-clean dishes side of the sink?
Of couse I always just hax in some Glass Fibre cable
0,14>.>
0,14<.<
My Little Cthulu: Rape is Mandatory
im back:) wuts goin on
0,14It wasn't my turn to wash dishes!
....
0,14It was THAT guy
13the macerators are all fine
/me points to someone
Kinky stuff
13but the furnaces are dead
Shizuka, invest in an induction furnace
AJIsAwesome|Studying: how are you
My digital technology teacher gave me some fresh batteries to put in my GameBoy when I asked her, because she likes that I enjoy old technology
and then scout19_tf2 said HEYEAYEAYEAYEAYEAYEAYEAYEAYEHEYEAYEAYEAYEAYA he said hey WHATS GOING ON?
And why is my phone missing?
._.
If you're doin hax, just hax in some HV solar arrays, MFSU and mv and lv convertes Shizuka
Shizuka, can do two stacks simultaniously at twice the speed of 1
13somehow these cables have no power...
Gentlemen-geeky: Good.
Shizuka: They probably died. Try replacing them.
for the same power
AJIsAwesome|Studying: dats good
13i'm only doing half hearted hax
05,15I swear I just heard a duck quack in my closet
It's cool how they made Spyro successful again
cause ponies
Shizuka, yeah, i had that issue before, try putting a batbox midway
im go ill be back later
I thought he was gone for good after the Legend series
latas Gentlemen-geeky
fluttercry: go check. post pics if duck located.
fluttercry: Take it out and release it?
XAX original gameboy?
Shizuka, or run it off a second lv transformer
see you soon HoodyNinja|MK9
SafariMonkey: Yeah
Same here
05,15No ducks.
flutterchu: Anatidaephobia much?
0,14What about duckfaces?
cachi01: well i didt say that but OK:)
05,15None of those either
Ok I found my phone
Also, for anyone and Shizuka, did you know that one blaze rod macerates into 5 blaze powder, but like, 2-3 blaze powder condence into a blaze rod? You can farm EMC very fast that way.
cachi01 Farsider much
XAX which games?
And I want to download another album but I don't know which one now.
Maybe the power source is out?
Anatidaephobia. the fear that somewhere somehow a duck is watching you
SafariMonkey: I own Tetris and Pokemon red. lol
I have two blaze rod farmers set up to make Klein stars for my gem armour currently
13.....................................
13i had the power turned off
0,14XD
05,15lol
XD
:D
DUN DUN DUN
:P
:D
Preferrably something that's electronic music. Not dubstep or chiptunes.
:P
LOL
13god dammit notch why did you have to make DOWN put a on redstone signal....
silly Shizu
Progressive house/trance/ambient.
05,15Investigation Team GO!
XAX pokmon red. [drool]
Probably the same reason the sun rises in the north Shizuka
0,14I've heard amazing things about Daft Punk's Alive 2007 album
AS I LAY DYING
not electro
13joke's on you, it's still not working
but good
METALCORE
0,14I am a Shadow, the true self...
Not a fan of metal.
/me flips ASoftFluffyThing
I like jokes
Try using redstone wiring instead.
05,15You know the joke from the hiimdaisy Persona 4 comic where Yosuke asks where they keep the swords?
SafariMonkey: I only got it last year when I remembered my nana has an original GameBoy. Bought it and played it and it was fun.
Jokes are fyb
fun*
HoodyNinja|MK9: wanna hear a joke?
Is the bat box wired backwards?
05,15I actually have swords in my hall closet
13all this cause i figured i'd need med voltage to handle 8 electric furnaces
Shizuka, looks like the mfe might be round the wrong way
I have a dark and terrible secret I have been meaning to to tell you cachi01
/me lands on her back "Owwwww"
HoodyNinja|MK9: YOU AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Garettbrony: go ahead
cachi01: I am pretty funny, aren't I?
0,14fluttercry, you shall be the Yosuke to my Yu Narukami
05,15I'm more than okay with this...partner
cachi01 I can't Read!
HoodyNinja|MK9: yep :3
Hey cachi01, knock knockZ
who is there
0,14Which means I'll totally be awesome at the King's Game
cachi01: To get to the other side.
gg
.................
05,15And I get...uhhh
05,15to be the comic relief!
/me head explodes
0,14now to level up social links!
05,15SOCIAL LINK GO!
/me puts cachi01's body in his closet
Its been a while since you were here right? I'm trying to think the last time I saw you
13all dat out
did I miss the Living Tombstone interview??
XAX yeah I got crystal first (after DS release, it's late in africa) then emeald
13oil
/me high fives fluttercry
05,15This steak is pretty good
cachi01 you okay buddy
05,15*RANK UP*
Ahh oil! The thingimiwudget that powers combustion engines, which in turn make lots of spody holes
oh hey theres a ps3 in this closet1
0,14now who should be the rest of the Investigation Team?
/me humps the ps3 the mcpixel way
SPODY SPODY HOLE!
05,15Who's the scariest female we know that could kick us into orbit?
0,14....
cachi01: There is actually a broken PS3 in my closet...
flutterchu: shizuka?
Did I miss the Living Tombstone Interview?
fluttercry: Shizuka?
/me points to the streamer
flutterchu: Celestia?
My mom
I might have been here last weekend
oops...
05,15Excellent! We have a Chie
it was either that or the week before
fluttercry: Celestia?
fluttercry Hillary Clinton?
0,14and yeah, Big_Macintosh_1992, looks like you missed it
fluttercry Lyra`
HoodyNinja|MK9: well, its being humped now
Dang... thanks SaxyPretender
cachi01: Nice
fluttercry is it Shizuka ?
Does anypony think that since Cadance is Celestia's neice, and not "Celestia and Luna's neice", that perhaps Luna is a half-blood sister?
13it was at that point shizu said SCREW IT I'M GOING GLASS FIBER >>
Shizka: If up = no power annoys you so much, why not put a redstone torch on the side of a block to reverse that?
XD
I had a couple big midterms, so I've been pretty busy lately
GLASS FIBER ALL THE WAY Shizuka (\
Stallion_of_War: i just think that hasbro is the one that decides this shit
13all i want is to power my house IS THAT SO HARD
apparently so
05,15Saxy, do we have a decent Yukiko or Kanji?
Shizuka: aint nobody got time for that?
Hi
0,14I think Vi would make a good Yukiko
0,14wubs and all dat jazz
Shizuka: High voltage solar arrays, mfsu's and mv and lv transformers. More power than you'll ever need, plus it won't splode your house.
05,15ah yeah you're right
13nuuuu
what mod is this? It looks overcomplicated but interesting
05,15Slowly the Bronystate Investigation Team is taking shape
0,14as for Kanji...Sumica, maybe
13i want to automate solar panel production like the wiki says
05,15"Get bent"
0,14Hello, need any assistance?
A torch next to a vat of oil?
Shizuka, thats what i've got next on my building list, also odd side out on the transformer is the input :/
Also Shizuka, do you have a link to that texture pack, because mine has a lot of default textures, but is supposed to be that texture pack.
PeachStreak|drawing: Nice :)
Nothin much
fluttercry hehe the Bronystate investigation Team acronym is B.I.T.
Why does it only get to be mods?
thank you
0,14no wait
0,14fluttercry
0,14better idea
Hey all I gotta go to bed G'night :) <3
Tryin to find an active RP channel and cant find onr
Night PeachStreak|drawing :)
cya PeachStreak|drawing :)
Night, PeachStreak|drawing. :)
Cya PeachStreak|drawing
:3
Shizuka, lv transformer round the wrong way
0,14ah, well, this is Bronystate's help channel
Cutie Mark Crusader Private Investigators yay!
13i knew that..
The power level was OVER 9000!!!!!!
Ohh the redstone you will want to stab...
http://sphotos-f.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/23883_10151212761313936_506144931_n.jpg
Dr. Seusse Tekkit book.
13furnaces are still dead
05,15Remember when The Yogscast was fun and interesting?
.....
13stuck in the middle of a cycle
that is really strange
no
0,14Que es un Yogscast?
I remember that!
hiya guys back
fluttercry, what's Yogscast?
FFS PIG ISLAND
fluttercry: no
:[
diggy diggy hole diggy diggy
Shizuka, stick a batbox there, earlier today i had a rotary macerator that just refused to be on
Although I do like Sips_ in practically anything.
Remember when PewDiePie wasn't a screaming spastic?
good evening everypony ^_^
Oh wait...
05,15It's a super popular youtube channel about Minecraft. It used to be really funny and awesome...but yeah
hi NocturnalBlade|HW :)
Hi, NocturnalBlade|HW. :)
What was the class?
Hai NocturnalBlade|HW
as i lay dying
13once again... power was off....
1. I don't care about pod racers. 2. I don't care about Torchlite 2, War of the Roses, etc. 3. Israphel is going to die of old age before he takes over the world.
13i am too clever for my own good .-.
05,15All the people on Youtube that I liked went downhill ;__;
fakin skype click to call plugin. failing everytime
what type of HW your working on? :3 NocturnalBlade|HW
05,15But...I still have SeaNanners
fluttercry: What do you find bad about them now?
Youtube is the internet Hollywood
SaxyPretender Tu´ jugues minecraft?
History, Chemistry II, and to a lesser extent Physical Geography
0,14Nope
0,14XD
garrtu juegas minecraft?*
history was brutal though
You get popular then something happened and you popularity decrease harshly
Hola Garettbrony :3
industrialcraft does not like shizu
your**
all essay questions
:/
Garettbrony: tu juegas minecraft?*
fluttercry: Hunted by Morgan Freeman is the best episode of the hidden in my opinion
thelonepony: its for my Intro To Networking class...its a lab that we couldnt do in class last week cause you cant download things on school computers XD
MORGAN FREEMAN?
05,15I like how SeaNanners used to be a boring CoD commentator, then he got awesome
oh :D
ah freeman
we meet again
cachi01: I can smell you. I've been creepin' around.
fluttercry: His commentary wasn't exactly bad when he played CoD either...
Si
05,15XAX true. But CoD commentaries usually aren't the best
00,03I like how CaptainSparklez used to be MLG, then he got awesome
05,15But you'd never know that looking at Machinima
String_Shredder pls http://sphotos-d.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc6/197415_3500192678291_2024802220_n.jpg
lol Scoot-Scootaloo.
05,15CaptainSparklez is pretty awesome
cachi01: And your mouth is mishappen
but showing up here every two weeks is definitely better than every two years. lol
^^
remember when megaupload existed? peachridge farm remembers
HoodyNinja|MK9: mishappen?
cachi01 pls: http://www.memecreator.org/meme/im-not-jj/
mishapen, I can't spell :p
00,03RIP Megaupload
^
05,15Pepperidge Farm makes some damn good cookies
00,03Anyways, I'm off for the night~
lol
They do, fluttercry
latas MLG man
00,03gonna eat some cookies!
nite Scoot-Scootaloo
0,14later Scoot-Scootaloo
I just had some earlier
remember when pepperidge farm used to remember things?
HI
Night Scoot-Scootaloo :)
And I came buckets from the taste
pepperidge farm remembers it
fluttercry: I found that with SeaNanners, his CoD commentaries would never be about the game. It'd always be about like... life help, or what he had for dinner.
SUP
NYC_Brony: I TOLD YOU NEVER TO CALL THIS NUMBER AGAIN
05,15XAX yeah, which is why he was the only one I actually watched
???
Confounded modern dohicky!
Shizuka: has anypony ever lit ur house on fire in mc
Barbetos!
ME!
05,15Then on the opposite end of the spectrum you had XJawz and Wings of Redemption who were just jerks to everyone
Ohai Barbetos :)
24 hours with out bronystate.
It was odd to say the least
ew a Barbetos
heller Barbetos
I know. Its everywhere
its all sticky
hi Barbetos
Yeah. Its hard to get out
a wild lvl 1 barbetos appeared
Better
....
/me used hi
/me eats all the pokeballs
*ahem* Dear whomever recommended "Background Pony" to chat this last week. Curse you and this magnificent piece of literature that I'm doomed to lose many, many more hours on
Barbetos: fainted
Thats what I do.
/me throws a masterball at cachi01
and heller NYC_Brony
no stream?
dafuq r u doing im not a pokem----.
NYC_Brony, theres a stream
NullRadix: talk to CrimsonPhoenix
HAHAHAHHA
YES
/me is it weird that bronystate and MST3K have replaced TV for me entirely
:D
NOPE.avi
Garettbrony: no
:D
my stream is not on :(
NYC_Brony: refresh
Bit it with a hammer
i did
Thats is how you fix everything
cachi01
or use duct tape
ghit*
or both
wtf
If only people could build refineries outside their houses irl
05,15Old Spice Odor Blocker killed your stream NYC_Brony
ew.
???
NYC_Brony: well ur fuqed
lol
You see guys
what's with hatrid on me?
BO BLONKING POWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!!
0,14It can't block odor for 16 hours
itsa turtle
i
Background Pony is amazing and I have a voucher
*Blocking
Well. NYC_Brony now tat you are thoroughly confused WELCOME TO BRONYSTATE
05,15P P P P P POWER
i like turtles
The non sense never stopes.
CrimsonPhoenix: Alright, we get it already!
stops*
go read that amazing piece of art
Thank You, you are the only person not hating on me Barbetos
fsk u cramsonfenics i do wut i wan
/me throws rotten tomatoes at CrimsonPhoenix
Phase4: Don't we all? :D
HoodyNinja well it is possible, refineries just heat the crude oil up (without igniting it) to seperate (or refine) the crude into chemicals of diferent density.
OK need to sleep now. It's 4:32 according to my body. (jet lag)
Hate? In my Fandom? NEVER!
remember when this chan use to be quietier? pepperidge farm remembers
wait NYC_Brony is new? *hug* hi
Night, SafariMonkey. :)
Night SafariMonkey :)
05,15Old Spice Odor Blocker Body Wash is so powerful it can turn off the sun
nite SafariMonkey
old spice has POPOPOPOPOPPOWER
sigh
fluttercry Old SPice is luna
le sigh
Stop advertising
ew essay questions
05,15But then it gets cold, so it makes another sun!
white man made a black man look stupid
It gona get you kicked
I'm on a horse!
=P
back
fluttercry: did you see that music thing they had?
and yes every two weeks is better :)
05,15no I didn't
Old Spice Odor Blocker Body Wash is too powerful to remain unadvertised.
Remember when Pepperidge Farm Jokes didn't exist? Pepperidge Farm remembers.
/me ships Red_M x Barbetos
yay ^_^ love this song
NYANYANYANYANYANYANYANYANYANYANYANYANYANYANYANYANYANYANYANYA
05,15Meanwhile nope
yay ponies AND minecraft!
huzzah!
Night AJIsAwesome|Studying thelonepony NocturnalBlade|HW
need moar furnace
sup
fluttercry: That would have been a lovely coincidence.
/me hugs Red_M "Suddenly I love you." o_o
05,15How so?
fluttercry: are you JJ? http://www.memecreator.org/meme/im-not-jj/
0,14>playing songs
Bye
wtf
wait
0,14>not KOKOROKOKOROKOKOROKOKOROKOKOROKOKOROKOKOROCHAN
0,14I'm so sad
If I see that I'm not JJ again I'm gonna explode
WHO DAFUQ IS JJ
/me sends the horde after Barbetos
JONAH JAMESON?
/me ignites hoodyninja
/me rides the hoard
/me eats the horde
/me laughs as he is eaten by zombies
good to know you guys don't actually all hate me :P
om nom nom
/me sends me horde
*more horde
HoodyNinja: Barbetos good timing lol
back after tricks
Are you just being sarcastic? :P
05,15Say what you want about Old Spice as a product. They've got advertising down to a science
Tricks is in Trixie
yeah
0,14^
k
:P
flutterchu: it's ALL Terry Crews, guy is hilarious
fluttercry: yes, yes they do
just something I remember from last time I was here
/me sends a horde of cloned derpy hooves after Red_M to give him muffins and hugs
JJ AKA artist behind Princess Molestia
i'm on another stream
just joking around XD
0,14When you get Bruce Campbell, Mustafa <hislastname> and Terry Crews
np
/me sends the horde of the dead after Garettbrony
0,14you're doing things right
/me intercepts derpy hoard
aka the guy who draws awesome human sauce ponies
WEEE!!
Brony vs Pony
0,14also, Neil patrick Harris that one time
Who wins
Okay. Enough RP out of me
/me gets out his shotgun
13still so much oil to pump
so what is she trying to do?
0,14farming dat Texas tes?
Garettbrony: they are already dead...
0,14*tea
/me sits on Barbetos "Oh, velvet~
05,15I like the one with Ray Lewis when he grows 6 heads at that fire lazers out of their mouths
/me farts
Red_M just sever the brain
Damnit!
I said no more rp
You tricked me
05http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-C9SzSQWDqx0/UInjmPNW7qI/AAAAAAAA-UQ/vlew63li7-E/s1600/4.jpg
05gief but twiligth one
G2G EVERYPONY CYA :)
Garettbrony: these are DEATH'S horde
0,14RINBARDOSH
Wrek
latas cachi01
Confound these ponies they drive me to unproctced butt fun!!!
they have already died
My god.
My money
It will be all gone.
who is the best pony of the mane 6?
Must get all da ponies!
Red_M I will just have to beat all of them in a game of Limbo
The Pink one
There is no best pony.
10ohai SexyPretender
05,15Direct TV has good comercials as well
AJIsAwesome|Studying: thats not how you spell Pinkie Pie
one does simply not just buy a blind packet MLP
HOLY GOD RAINBRO
Hi, RainBroDash. :)
Meh, doesnt look like theres a lot on ebay today
dat RainBroDash
Hi RainBroDash :)
05,15A wild RainBroDash appears!
Nice to see you again. :)
I already showed that pack before
fluttercry: it does depict myself pretty well when I am angry.
Though its 50 bucks
05speaking of dash
05hai rinbardosh
0,14I can feel the bass through my soul
And music is louder. Yes.
hey HoodyNinja I think I hear Cthulu calling
oh look another colored person
The Elements Of Harmony is hidden somewhere in poywille
05,15Why is Wonderwall playing?
a mod I guess right?
dovahdashkin
Garettbrony: Tell that bitch to get my money!
flutterchu: bc who ever is streaming is playing it
YEAH
Pft. Who mods mein craft?
Party with Pinkie Pie
um like all of them right?
Alex S.
awww yeeea, party time ^_^
why is your name AJIsAwesome|Studying?
05,15So much bass
hey Shizuka what was that green stuff
audio codec can't handle the pinkie
NYC_Brony: Because I'm studying? :3
05,15Garettbrony either emeralds or uranium
i should really draw myself as a pony
0,14...I'll get my mop
:L
I'm in miami
0,14MY MOP IS READY
not new york
looking for laptops?
AJIsAwesome|Studying: go back to studying
fluttercry uranium slurry?
or just stuff in general
/me starts cleaning up all the bass on the floor
05,15Saxy there's too much bass to clean up
0,14NO
0,14I CAN CLEAN THIS UP
0,14I just need more Lemon Pledge
05,15Dem timed hits
0,14and the faith of all the peoples
mfw I realise Shizuka is mining to the beat
She is also trolling to the beat.
awwwww yea party with pinky:)
http://26.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lhlv8zPxhF1qf7gzvo1_500.jpg
look at dis
I saw a RD Moped one time...
lol
LOL
A pretty cute girl was riding it, too
I prefer Lexus over mustanks
Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot
NYC_Brony: thats as cool as i get
NYC_Brony: dat Mustang photoshoped?
Goes the mine cart
DerpyMuffins I prefer amc javelins
/me jumps on Barbetos
idk
0,14dat timed WOO jump
/me continues cleaning
*it gets
No moar rp from me
lol HoodyNinja
I am doing nothing!
05,15Alright everyone listen up. We need a new name for the guy that beat The Boss
Barbetos: You're pretty springy
neat
fluttercry: Boss of what?
0,14uhhh
Its the moon shoes
0,14The Boss?
why is flutterchu quiet?
05,15Nobody else has seen that comic?
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/10/17/ZEpug7Eu-0-7Se3UmAeaJg2.jpg
MORE BASS!
What if it drills into lava?
Fun time?
It burns
NYC_Brony: he is just shy man
wtf
05,15This one http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/330/722/92c.jpg
Fire is fun!
challenge: find me a mlp caption picture of twilight sparkle
Its gona hit the lava
Whoa
0,14You need the next page where the Big Boss is trying not to kill everyone
Challenge, conquer the world with a fork
suddenly ... Powerman 5000?
Challenge, kill osama bin laden,oh wait,they already did
Tony Hawks 2!
suddenly I have my own music
05,15Also, the first two Tony Hawk games had the best soundtracks ever
,U_U
^
05,15This song.....I swear I've heard it before
/me sits on flutterchu
fluttercry, so here I am
flutterchu vs fluttershy who wins?
doing everything I can
but the lava...
NYC_Brony: fluttershy
Its gona kill the mein cart.
05,15God those games were so good
05take picachu
/me puts NYC_Brony in the timeout bucket
Im a robot
05with boobs
HoodyNinja: can you please get ff of me
05but no nipples
*off
flutterchu vs @fluttercry who wins?
ohai XylemTube :)
flutterchu: Oh, well since you asked nicely
yes
Huh
05,15I win because I have teh hambanner
05to then be exorcisam'd by lightning
0,14I need to pick up the DMC HD collection
Lookadat
/me goes back to his Barbetos chait
Wrek, o_O
Beep Boop, XylemTube.
Its amazing.
NYC_Brony: fluttercry
well atleast you didnt rape me
dat track layer
0,14...and the MGS one...and the ZoE one
He sed fluttershy not fluttercry
05,15wut....DMC HD collection?
13oh wow
conceited bastards
what the!
sorry
Wut
water?
13so it doesn't want to go through water cause water washes away tracks
13
13instead it's going to build over it
SaxyJanitor: while ago man
0,141, 2 and the special edition of 3
Huh.
05,15mind=blown
SaxyJanitor: Do they still make new DMC games?
Its running away!
05,15When does ZoE HD collection come out?
How did you not know that?
05,15AJIsAwesome|Studying they....rebooted it. and new Dante looks SOOOO BAD
/me walks in to chat "ello everpony"
everyone private chat me saying "troll"
0,14ZoE comes out next Tuesday
LunasGuard|Tired: sup sucka?
Hi, LunasGuard|Tired. :)
Never NYC_Brony
fluttercry, oh lawl that Dante
0,14and yes, they are making a new DmC game
I am too lazy
lol
hi LunasGuard|Tired :)
0,14which is essentially Heavenly Sword 2
that's not out yet?
05,15SaxyJanitor NOPE I refuse to accept that as DMC
0,14most people do
ello HoodyNinja AJIsAwesome|Studying thelonepony
0,14I was going to play the demo at NYCC
fluttercry, it's nt DMC
it's DmC
get it?
05,15Also, screw errbody that said 3 was too hard. I owned that game before the Special Edition
0,14but then I decided I had better things to do with my life
whoo Delorean Motor Company
hi
Shizuka : Play Curtains
0,14but yeah, a buddy of mine played it, and he said controlwise, it's like Heavenly Sword
scilence
Nice music
0,14no on-the-fly weapon swtiching, you gotta hold down buttons to do weapon stuff
g2g
c ya
latas NYC_Brony|Angry
song name?
later NYC_Brony
beach party in london XylemTube
13Total Eclipse - Psychedelic Terrorist
Or taht
lol
05,15unce unce unce unce unce
the biggest insult in DmC is how the director inserted himself as Dante
/me is laying down a sick beat
i tried to pick up my lizard now im bleeding down the wrist
fluttercry: Ugh your music sucks, stick to being awesome
sorry to be so idly
05,15My music is awesome!
am still cleaning up a bit
Nope :I
Shizuka : can you play Curtains next ?
yeah I want to look at the laptops since mines not working that well anymore :P
I think its cheaper for me to just get another one
05,15I can tear it up on a Bass Clarinet like you'd never believe
flutterchu: :( u need a doc er something
Ya know I should have thrown this out while we were briefly talking poltics a long while ago...http://i57.photobucket.com/albums/g225/Xtra3847/Tarastrongtweet_zps23796df0.png
waaaaatt o_o
I think I just heard the song of my people
Tara Strong 2012
inb4 Tara Strong is a write in
HAX
Fan of a cartoon she is a va of?
Colbert/Stewart 2012
05,15^
05,15Colbert Report is my favorite show on TV
Shizuka : thanks
clone of Teddy Roosevelt
/me sits on Derpy_Hooves
dammit
0,14>candidate discussion
DerpyMuffins*
0,14>not Terry Bogard
0,14pfffffffffffffffft
clone of Teddy Roosevelt/Bruce Campbell 2012
Barbetos: Considering she dressed as Twilight she pretty much is
Anyone wanna keep a Derpy tab fail count?
Yeah. It just hit me that her cosplay means that.
I just figured she was trying to be cute.
I see
Now I realize its both.
05,15Tara Strong is kind of an attention seeker...but she's still cool
DerpyMuffins: we would loose count in like five minutes :D
I at least need a new battery for mine
No doubt
Okay, I'm tired
latas
nite HoodyNinja
night HoodyNinja :)
bye
Cya HoodyNinja
05,15Later HoodyNinja
It runs out in about 10 minutes without being plugged in
PING
Finally. I can stop being sat on.
latas HoodyNinja
nite hoodyNinja
good luck with your search though
that sucks
thanks
going to bed
the hard drive was failing on me which is why I stopped using it
OH NOES!!
05,15Night Derpy_Hooves
Night Derpy_Hooves :)
I'm guessing you have a desktop that you're using now?
tragedy in mine shaft c 12
05,15Tango down in section 1 alpha
nite Derpy_Hooves
nite Derpy_Hooves
Cya Derpy_Hooves
13no problem :3
nite dream of ponies Derpy_Hooves
13stem the flood, it finds its way out
J_E_Smith71: love courage the Cowerdly dog :D
05,15Return the slaaaab
J_E_Smith71: :D
05,15I need to find episodes of Courage. That show was awesome
i like how late game tekkit works
J_E_Smith71: man why did they stop showing dat show
J_E_Smith71: just saw that on facebook
"diamond blocks? no problem. 16 stacks of coal? trivial. a feather? where the crap am i going to get a feather!"
zoomovision 5000
05,15You know, it's always sad when there was a show or movie you really liked, then when you go back to watch it again you're like "Damn this sucks"
^
Like the goonies? trollface.jpg
05,15I like The Goonies :(
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Comic: Little House on the Pairie / Mother Knows Best? / Who Needs Calendars
0,14Hey
0,14Hey
0,14The Goonies will always be good
lol
13sorry, showing off to mom >>
Never saw the Goonies.
lawwwll
I had The Wizard instead
05,15Cawifornia
Which actually fits the description of what fluttercry said
SUPER MARIO BROS..................3!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Liked it as a kid, hate it now
05,15I love the power glove
05,15It's so bad
Why is there no power glove for the wii
...........
It would make perfect sense.
I don't think we NEED one. :D
Whatever.
There is a modern power glove out now
The Power Glove was ahead of its time
There is?
05,15Now I'm sad. Old Nintendo stuff reminds me of the AVGN and he's not around anymore. Instead he's making a movie that I'm 90% sure will be terrible
http://images.pcworld.com/news/graphics/166033-peregrine_1_350.jpg
The peregrine
and the other 10%?
05,15Kind of like Doug Walker's new Demo Reel idea. Seriously man...
You can also google pc power glove and get the same results.
well i gots to go cya everypony:)
Goodnight scout19_tf2
Cya scout19_tf2
bai scout19_tf2
May as well call it a night too
Same here
bye scout19_tf2 :)
05,15Shizuka do you have rotary macerators yet?
13not atm
13what's the upgrade path
I love the power glove
http://facebook.com/profile.php?=73322363.
it's so bad
http://i.imgur.com/SFwHM.jpg
05,15I don't remember, it's been a while since I've played :(
Don't click da link
ITS A TRAP!!
?
Anyways.
Bed time
also you broke the rools
Shizuka: thanks for the stream - I enjoyd seeing your latest Minecraft project & look forward to what you come up with next time I catch you're stream
Shard: were u find that?
nowhere
0,14No non-image links, Shard
.3.
nite barbetos
Night bar- damn it
i predict Shizuka's streaming
im blue
05,15OH MAN It's like 1999 again!
oh my god...suddenly i feel blue :D
nite barbetos
Yeah I'm on a desktop
05,15I was right it was 1999
I dont get it, whats funny about it?
05,15I waaaaas 7
wb
pressed back on the wrong page
heh
hah i get it blue
If I was green I would die
fluttercry: your 20?
05,15just about. December I turn 20
05,15So I was probably 6 when the actual song came out
I always feel old on this chat
whatever
So,
feelin old fluttercry ?
Still cleaning btw >.>
05,15SpeccyRush I didn't used to. But chat's been getting younger
i think he's ony feelin blue
*only
Brad_ I dont get the picture
fluttercry: dang wimpersnappers
05,15Back in my day we used VHS tapes and had to choose between phone or internet!
those were the days
05,15Oh you want to download this MP3? I hope you have nothing important to do today
someone would pick up the phone and kill you internet connection
http://i.imgur.com/Gl6nZ.jpg
fluttercry, I know that feel
05,15Oh man. Guys, if you want to know what internet looked like in the 90s go to the Space Jam website
05,15seriously do it now
:3 http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mch3qqulaX1r3njez.gif
So, are people able to join that server? I dont really know how MC works
all video on the internet was RealPlayer
I still have most of my old VHS movies
http://tinychat.com/ss63/9f4722/b0/baconmane/go258/10-26-2012
old but good. http://images.4chan.org/b/src/1351220819144.jpg
Hahh
hehehe
Back in the day when Apple and Blackberry were just fruit
THAT IS NOT ME
NO
EVERYONE CLICK ON THAT LINK
It absolutely is him.
:D
Oh, ScootaChicken. You so broken.
:D
10also teal
WOAH
Ollys on IRC
XD
since when the fuck does that happen
dat rainbow hair
05,15i liek dis song
liek dis if u cry evertim
going to bed, night everyone
05,15Seriously though. Check out the Space Jam website
I have. :D
05,15Why does it sound like jets are on stream?
was that crater caused by a nuclear explosion?
RainBroDash: This is unacceptaburu.
What mod do you run Phase4?
dat timber mod
05,15needs more chiptune music
DerpyMuffins, i'm using tekkit
Shizu is using technic
just like real life
woah
all that wind
05,15Does that hole lead to another world?
Shizuka, build turbines
05,15Waaaaaaaaaat
wut :o
what terrain generator is this
13mystcraft, technic
that hole is best hole
05,15It's a world...inside of a world
13it's nether but not nether
great mines of moria
this is awesome
fluttercry: http://inception.davepedu.com/
05,15bwooooong
that should just be part of minecraft
05,15Is that a polar bear?
^
05,15Give him a coke!
:D
05,15haaax
volcano?
0,14also, I'm out for the evening, later folks
bai SaxyPretender
05,15later SaxyPretender
05,15I should be going soon as well
0,14later fluttercry
05,15But...just a few more minutes
05,15*hours
/me gets on and sees minecraft
night
Awh yeah!
and then rainbow dash was a backpack
this magical world so full of wonder
Is that real?
Well Facebook deactivated for a bit.
Hi
I want you all to know.
Hi jojoyasmin :)
ello [Alpha]
Hi [Alpha] :)
Is entirely unrepresentative of what I usually look like.
sure
"Usually"
this one? http://tinychat.com/ss63/9f4722/b0/baconmane/go258/10-26-2012
Are you sure? :3
Nah, I'm just messing with you. :D
05,15dat spoken word
:D
XD
:D
13a long way to go just for a stupid birch sapling
Hi DArk_Horst
sup
Hi Dark_Horst :)
I think I'm gonna head out too
05,15Well you know what they say
05,15*glasses*
05,15Life's a birch
.....
dooohohohohoho
nice talking to you again
Nice pun
05,15*crickets*
Que?
Boooooooooooooo~
dont do that again
I liked it well then again I enjoy puns
You guys want a story?
yeah :3
This is the story of a deaf brony http://i.imgur.com/6tlfQ.png
http://i.imgur.com/zvmDG.png
05,15feed da birdies
05,15CrimsonPhoenix no non image links. That includes images of stories
13i think it is a canary canary <3
You know link to said mod Phase4?
kill da birdies. make a crown from their guts and tears
or that
Bad pun is bad Shizuka
quite a shame cause that story is amazing
aww
DerpyMuffins, http://www.technicpack.net/
05,15Is it...riding on your head?
carefull going into cave Shizuka or it might sufficate in the ceiling if it not high enough
05,15tweet tweet
05,15OHHHH it glides you!
05,15That's awesome!
Thank you for this story, CrimsonPhoenix.
CrimsonPhoenix: that last link :'(
GTG for the night.
bai VenHur
bye VenHur :)
anyway gotta go
nighty night
night CrimsonPhoenix and thanks for the two links :)
is that volcano vanilla generated or a mod?
Night, CrimsonPhoenix. :)
Take care.
05,15I've got to go everyone. Goodnight!
BIRCHES!
bye fluttercry :)
and goodnight
13about time too
bai fluttercry
What is this place filled with so many wonders? Casting its spell that I am now under. Squirrels in the trees and the cute little bunnies. Birds flying free and bees with their honey. Hooneeeeey! Oooh, what a magical place and I owe it all to the pegasus race. If I knew the ground had so much up its sleeve I'd have come here sooner, and never leave. Yes I Love Everythiiiiiiiiiing!
dem lyrics
13know what... imma myst home
Good evening everypony. I have returned.
wb Lunar_Brony :)
Hello, Lunar_Brony. :)
ello Lunar_Brony
13apparently i cannot link with a canary on my head
if only LadyCanary were here . . .
Shizuka: is that tekkit?
well thats enough homework for now :D
pfft, homework
dammit
better off if you end up doing everything in-class
get the canary off then
otakon . . . . . . . .
what?
that was, like, 3 minutes ago
so?
Lunar_Brony: usually that happens but just one of those rare times when classwork became homework XD
I'm slowtakon
hELLLLLLLLLLLLLO?
you don't say
>grass
>underwater
seems legit
XD
That's a huge inventory, Shizuka
insert slowpoke.jpg here
Cya everypony, it's 5:36 am and I need sleep
Bye DerpyMuffins
g'night DerpyMuffins
bye DerpyMuffins :)
Night, DerpyMuffins. :)
looks like Shizu got stuck in a cave
13well there's only one way out then
How many mods do you have? I counted atleast 4, but I know you have more . . .
XD
here we go
hi Phase4
this song :D
shit's goin' down
dat fail
ur dead
and then...
BOOM
the portal's gone!
lmao!
perfect
nite derpymuffins
welp
that worked
was that a nuke!?
Shizuka blows up the Nether while fitting music plays.
eeyup
Annnnnd back
actually, that was 2 nukes
13i love what matmos does with the nether
Fun TF2 game :3
13the bass dives are perfect
wb Ponies47
My god all that lava
/me glomps Ponies47
Good evening everyone :)
wb Ponies47
hi AdamTheDuck
Hi AdamTheDuck :)
good evening AdamTheDuck
Hey AdamTheDuck
got any dio?
Hey AdamTheDuck and Ponies47
Lunar_Brony: i missed the first one
Ponies47 dude! You missed Shizu blowing shit up in the Nethter while fitting music played!
hello AdamTheDuck
It was AWESOME!!
lol this song
Weird AL
am I sad to only know this song because of NC?
Lunar_Brony: Awwww. But I was doing good on TF2 for once ;A;
well everypony i have to head to work now bye bye
bye Maid_RainBow
bye Maid_RainBow :)
have fun Maid_RainBow
Bye Maid_RainBow
Lunar_Brony: same here :D
nite Maid_RainBow
Goodnight Maid_RainBow
YAY! No school tomorrow!
lucky . . .
lucky
Lucky ;3;
Gawoooo!
Im back ^-^
WB panda
wb panda
/me Glomps panda "Hello" :3
Ponies47: Lucky. :(
:D Ponies47!
/me waves to everyone else
oh well, at least i get to stay wround for the brony club at school, we are having pizza :3
Hello panda
>awesome news
>ping
*waves back*
/me Huggles panda tightly
>bad joke
>ping ping ping ping ping
BS logic is BS
13think we should end with some science?
13or some sponge?
Sponge. :)
or both?
Shizuka sponge!
either or
Shizuka: YESSSSSSSSS!
Both? :$
Sponge :3
Shizuka: why not both ^_^
Ponies47: oi, you got to meet tara
Let's end with some Sponge
Science sponge
Both
Bill Nye Squarepants!
Shizuka :( but im on my phone. I wanna see D:
panda then get off your phone and onto a computer!
COMPUTER'S
Lunar_Brony you see, i dont have access to it >.<
quite
@_@
/me cringes
i was expecting a new pair of sock's
I could not survive 2 days without computer access.
Lunar_Brony thats really sad dood.
Chat is silent?
ded
13moment more~
not anymore
last Spring Break I was gone for a week. Blew through 5 novels in 2 nights and spent most of my time talking to myself in the basement.
good time
No TV, no computer, no internet, NOTHING
Lunar_Brony well, you should draw ^-^
and I ended up talking to myself until 3 in the morning
every
night
....
i see no problem with that
wow Lunar_Brony
Lunar_Brony... you should get that checked out, you know.
I live a sad, sad life.
13but first
/me huggles Lunar_Brony
butt first
love this
here we go....
Plot first?
what in the world
furries
and music
/me is not sure he wants to know what convo Lunar_Brony was having with himself
What am i missing >.>
why
i cant
ponies >_>
moin evverypony
Pffft ponies >_><_<
hi Invi
ello Invi
Hey Invi
Lunar_Brony ^-^ its fine. We all talk to ourselves sometims. Its only when you answer yourself that you are crazy
Invi :3
Hello Invi
ello Invi
Hi Invi. :)
13panda: >>
13<<
Hi Invi :3
Kandarihu: ikr? wanna buy a hammer now
/me 13typically has conversations with herself for hours .-.
Shizuka yes hun?
panda then you can call me insane
Shizuka: a'wwww
:3
I talk to myself alot. I have nobody else to talk to at school :/
well sorry guys I gotta go for the night
take care all
/me Is forever alone
Shizuka conversation with yourself isnt answering a sepparate entity.
Shizuka: What, just sitting around/walking around discussing things with yourself?
13says you
/me tries to sing this but fails
13sitting? no.. usually i am pacing the house..
Shizuka: thanks for the stream by the way, happy minecrafting
Shizuka: My brother does that alot to
Ponies47: i know that feel ;3;
>.>
/me is very confused atm
/me licks Ponies47 :3
/me Needs to make friends at school ;A;
6
lick them
/me throws friends at Ponies47
Oh god I love this episode!
Ponies47: try to be yourself, get to know them, talk to people after class
13hey look
13patrick is his own hardware store
:D
Shizuka: XD
this is one of my favourites
patrick makes best furniture
Which ep is this?
panda "I'm With Stupid"
Ah
I remember this one :3
13LIFE IS JUST A BIG BOWL OF FANCY ASSORTED CASHEWS
13i always knew..
this is from S2 IIRC
YES
patrick serious......
Cashews are delicious
lol
13damn.. i like the funnel...
thelonepony: Be myself? Yeah I tried that, I even openned up and showed them what I like. And yes ponies to. They know I like ponies...
lol
xD
pun
a note
Yeah I think I screwed up :/
XD
...
:D
sounds like something out of a Xanth novel
oh no not this episode
Dat note and letter
oh god this is good shtuff
13< i think that's more disturbing than pat back
flutterchu oh yes this episode
ew
bye T_T
what did he push?
Shizuka no, Pat Back is more disturbing
Bye flutterchu
it goes on longer . . .
13>we don't know any dumb people
Why don't you join a after-school club
13>patrick
13watt
bye flu- damn it
Patback was so silly :P
MATH IS POWER
/me Glomps Phase4
/me hugs Ponies47 back
MATH IS FROM HELL if it's not anything basic.
13PATS FOR PATRICK
dick parents
ikr
reminds me of a stupid show about stupid parents
Ponies47, look, dont be so defensive okies? ^-^
it was called "Bubblewrap Kids"
is it this one
i knew it
hi
jes
13imma have to rewind this next bit
13i giggle so much every time
/me Growls at panda "DEFENSIVE!?!? What are you talking about!?!? Come over here and show me waht you got!" Waves his fists in a boxing sort of motion
XD
He wears a blouse.....
AAAAAAAHHHHHHH
Shizuka, once more please? :3
...
/me smashes into a wall
plz
:D
13shizu where do you live?
13AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH*crash*
Thank you <3
Gah chat derping
rofl
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
Shizuka lives in a fruit?
its like groundhog day
dat face
Thats not healthy
fruit = unhealthly
If only I knew how to photoshop a buffer when he hit his house....
If only
one more time Shizuka :)
iz not good for healz
13love this so much
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Music of the Day #12
13it's so cruel at the end but first half is awesome
meh spoon is to big
There
I hate you LightIRC ;A;
Masking tape won't fix it? Did they try Ductape?
bad joke
13>hoho the boy wears makeup?
13>spongebob wears a blouse >>
Hahaha
mah boi
13why so surprised
LunasGuard|Tired it's funnier if you know my first alias.
hey Cynder
A DUMB ONE
Dat shirt
13patrick's season 2 design is the best
Shizuka: Indeed
13he looks so plushy!
I have a shirt like that kickin' around somewhere . . .
Shizuka >.>
that filly silly
13so huggable
6Hey :P
http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v135/J.E.Smith/spongemouth.png
Buffers at the right time
eeeeugh
so we're watchign spongebob?
And here it all goes to hell :d
/me prepares for laugh
Kurra eeyup
13brains in picture are smaller than they appear
lets eat em
OH SNAP
I wont be on too long, need to go idle in a bit
dem faces
Dat laughing
Spongebob has lost it
I think everyone went to bed early :/
The funny thing about this show, is that without seeing the video, I wouldn't be able to tell if it was the show itself, or a youtube poop of the show.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
so true
13AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH house sweet house
exit stage right.
3 watt
Hey.
3 watt?
6I'll have to get going soon :P I can only stay about 5 more mins :P
I know people who are phone operators
13WHO ARE YOU PEOPLE
Marty, I'm scared
oh ok
whatchu mean YOU PEOPLE?
;)
atleast, they WERE phone operators. Both have Phd's and teach at University
wow
We had a couple of people in here today that havent been around in a while
"We don't have a son"
grilled starfish
how did they know patricks name?
potter
6:O Like who?
Albequrkie . . . how the hell do you spell it?
ew
13A!
13L!
13B!
and BlueFlare :)
13U!
13...........QUERQUE!
6:O :3
<3
13admit it, how many of you are singing along
Everyone is busy with RL these days, myself included..
I know i am :D
Shizuka: Not me
...not m
paradise city?
I haven't seen this enought to know the lyrics
6Indeed..
I end up idling a lot nowadays
*enough
This is the first time I have ever seen this :$
it's f*cking hilarious
^^
*turns the wrong way*
^^^^
and their's also a PMV
:D
......
Love this bit
http://imgur.com/KSISI
O_o
ASoftFluffyThing: :D
nuff stuff bro?
:D
Coca-Cola
is best Cola
except Jones Cola
O_o
.......
Jones Cola is heavenly
._.
.....
wat is this?
......
Your Oo OOo OOoO O00ooo0Ooo0oOOO -per-a-tor!
Invi Albuquerque
O............K
13YEAAAAAH WHAT DO YOU WAAANT
well, I basically killed the chat with an honest statement
*solo*
Mmmmm
is this accurat Albuquerque?
average day at the office *snort*
dat smile
Don't take a wrong turn while you're in Albuq-coikee
Nice seeing you again :) I need to go idle now
BAREPAWS
/me bops along
:D
YES
13NO! WE'RE OUT OF BEAR CLAWS!
Have a good night :]
This is just silly XD
WAT? XD
it's Weird Al
6Ok,you will,maybe later tonight ^^
i have a hunger that only hands could sadisfy
6You too ^^
what do you expect, Twisted Sister?
Hahahaha, I love every single Weird Al song :D
^
:D
You're Weird Al go all Weasel Stomping Day on them
...hands?
:D
mmmmm yes
Invi: Yes, this is exactaly like Albuquerque, but instead of weasels, there are mountain lions.
Zelda?
13hey
seems legit
oh okay
zelda.....really?
13you got weasels on your face
through the ears
.......
Burrito
/me looks in a mirror
XD
SUPAFLY
hey, I've got weasels on my face
Superfly :S
i gotta go. bye everypony ^^
bi
seeya Invi
Bye Invi
WUT
Bai Invi
Ca Invi!
nite Invi
BYe, Invi. :)
*Cya
Ta?
bye Invi
bye Invi :)
im back
wait
Invi D:
wb Panda :)
leaving?
Oh god
13so i did
.....
ouch . . ?
Panda, I gotta go to work :3
WHAT.
Invi have fune ^^
fun*
Nom
..................
...
so much blood
thanks. bye Panda ^^
13I
13HATE
13SAUERKRAUT
Is this actually the official music video, or is it a fan animation?
both
This is gold! XD
So, I finally saw Evil Dead II for the first time last night...
13sing along now
how was it eddmario ?
Al
AL BEER QUEER KEY!
B
U
you
:D
Shizuka: But it's late. Plus my brother will get mad :<
:D
thelonepony: It's really cheesy and hilarious.
:D
thelonepony: In other words, GO WATCH IT AS SOON AS YOU CAN!
i'll check it out then :3
Now im going to have to go on a Weird Al song spree on youtube before bed... ._.
HUH
So, what song was that a porody of anyway?
RaveBrony: Have fun :P
Bill Nye~
Bill Nye?
:D
he doesn't only do parodies you know
The Science Guy
yay
It's full of something all right! :[
YAY Bill Nye!
poo
HEEEEEEEY SEXY SCIENCE GUY
:[:[:[:[
ah yes, Ben Stein
Then Bill goes down and runs into Spongebob
Is he still alive?
a classic
13oh yes
ASoftFluffyThing: :D
ASoftFluffyThing xD
Drunk science
ASoftFluffyThing: :D
/me miss bill
I had to, it was in my head <3
007 much?
Plankton, he will steal your Krabby Patty
much much much
The secret formula of a krabby patty was revealed a few weeks ago
link?
ASoftFluffyThing: nice lol :3
Dat 1:1 screen aspect ratio
or is it a video?
but not really
13PLLLLANKTON!
That steal your formulas
er meh gerd plernktern
Lunar_Brony: I saw it on memebase a few weeks ago. I'd post a link to that post, but I cleared my history recently, so it's no longer in said history.
xtreem closeup of Bill's dental hygiene
eddmario huh. I'll look it up and see what happens
13KRABS!
SHELDON
dat foley though :D
SPONGEBOB!
tates horbile though
:D
Aw great. Look at my shoes
I love voiceover guy
13uh huh :3
he has the best lines
13kay
inb4 FOLEY
Lunar_Brony: All I do remember is one of the ingrediants was crab meat. Kinda creepy if you think about it.
oh hey, it's that guy friom jurassic park
fun fact: voiceover guy is also the brawl announcer. I'm sure everyone here already knows that, I just felt like saying it.
I didn't know that..
XaviortheSavior, wait really?
I didn't know that! :O
whowaaaaat
whuh?
From now on, Bill Nye must be in a new SSB game. This is law.
O_O;
. . . eew
13ahh yeah i can hear it now
ASoftFluffyThing: yes ^_^
13PLAYER ONE, DEFEATED
wait, you ppl really didn't know?
if only to beat him up.XD
Baylean
13yep definitely him
AAA FOLEY
raylean
I haven't played in, like, forever, but yeah I can see it.
http://cheezburger.com/6202206464
I thought it was common nerd knowledge by now.
Shizuka: AND THE WINNER IS...BILL NYE THE SCIENCE GUY!
And this girl went on to dom something, I dunno what...
13my mind has been a little blown..
no bill
no
dadmmit bill
13i sense a pattern with bill this episode
Don't
Random bit of trivia: the VA for Spyro in his first game was the same VA as the Taco Bell dog
sea water is fucking disgusting
eddmario, I knew that <3
foley...... yaranaika.png /..\
so salty and cold . . .
Carlos something.
on this discusting planet
/me 13has never seen the ocean .-.
eddmario and in the second and third games, he's voiced by spongebob.
oh yea, that guy from Reno 911 lol
i used to live by the sea
XaviortheSavior: And Wheely/one of the twins in Bayformers
I've been by the lake but never the ocean
Shizuka, it's cold and intimidating, but it's just hiding how much fun it can be :>
Shizuka: Where do you live? O.o
13minnesota
but then women took over and life sux XD
Oh
:I
13born in central illinois, moved to arizona, moved up here
I lived in Florida for 17 years of my life.... Im sick of the ocean :D
13i've been to lake superior once >>
you dare leave illinois?
13Buytoast: i was seven :<
shameful
The closest I've been to an "ocean" is Lake Michigan, specifically in Chicago
its fun there
Shizuka you shouldn't just /see/ the ocen. You should kick off your shoes, roll up your pants, and walk out into the cold, cold water. Taste it for the hell of it.
but its no ocean
Born in Wisconsin, always lived here to. IT'S BORING! ;A;
Bill
I was born in SoCal and don't plan on leaving anytime soon
i've been to arizona before
BILL
STAHP
13BILL
when did men in black 2 air in theatres again?
13BILL BILL
13BILL BILL BILL BILL
Dat Bill spam :P
Telus
Ponies47: I know what you mean. The cheeseburgers made with Wisconsin cheese are really fucking good though
Get sand in your fetlocks. Algae in your mane. Salt on your coat.
is it pretty cold outside down there shizu?
I dont mind the ocean, but Ive seen way to many sharks while fishing on a boat to fuklly enjoy it :D
13yup
Goddamit, now I wanna say CHOOSE YOUR CHARACTER!
/me is scared of sharks
13just above freezing atm
eddmario: True. But it is so borng here ;A;
*boring
I once stared down a barracuda with inch long teeth :D
13OOOOOOOO
Kurra, how was that?
good morning everypony :)
plankdurr
Bill Nye VS Vsauce
I scared it away, it swam 20 feet in one second :D
13BILL ALMOST SAID A BAD WORD
go to the chicago then Ponies47 :3
oh god morning
Hi kirzstryfe *huggles*
I think its in the teens up here right now
Hi kirzstryfe :)
13ohai kirz
hi kirzstryfe
Hi, kirzstryfe. :)
hi kirzstryfe
/me Plays the Jaws theme for RaveBrony :3
Hey kirzstryfe
Ponies47: ._.
ASoftFluffyThing: I dunno even, was just snorkeling sorta near a dock, and there the silvery frikking barracuda was!
yea ima pce out
Ponies47: I know how you feel. I took a semester of college at MMI up in Madison and I still don't see why people say it's a great town.
Hey kirzstryfe! :)
thelonepony: I wish. (Squee) Wisconsin .-.
Kurra, dang. What was that like, staring down the barracuda?
And it was 4 feet long, it coulda taken a chunk out of me, but no, it just swam when I barely moved my hand.
So, who here knows what a McGangBang is?
bye fodd
isn;t that those 3 mc donalds sandwiches combined?
eddmario I'm not sure I want to.
eddmario: It's really not. My home town is boring, nothing cool happens here
eddmario: i know lol my friends orders those sometimes :D
It held perfectly still, and so did I. Its eye was as big as mine, and its teeth were sticking up, and were clearish....
Bill Nye VS Vsauce
Buytoast: Close. It's a McDouble with the meat of a McChicken inbetween the patties. Really fucking good.
13BIIIILL
Ponies47: same here, so boring nothig big happens
* nothing
BILL
XD
damn bill
it was pretty. And scary.
dammit bill
feeding fanzy
Oh Bill, you so crazy I SEE DORY!
tl;dr: the Caribbean is AWESOME
thelonepony: But you live in Chicago, it's much better over there then in my home town .-.
Ponies47 the only exciting things I hear in my town are crashes on a poorly designed highway intersection.
So, there's apparently an Evil Dead remake coming out in a few months...
DID SOMEONE SAY
CHICAGO?
nope
that same day, I acted as a floating shelter for like ten little yellow fish XD
:I
it;s the superior town you know
i dont live in chicago, i live Near Chicago
Kurra, d'aww
Buytoast: Chicago is my favorite city.
Fish farted lol
Did the kids get paid for this?
They were hiding on floating rope, and I drifted over, and then they started hiding under me :D
wow ASoftFluffyThing :D
that fanfare will never get old
brb
NocturnalBlade, shuddup. You were thinkin' it.
ASoftFluffyThing: thats not the point lol
NocturnalBlade, shush it you.
and then Bill disapeared into the dark abyss
The end.
ASoftFluffyThing: make me :3
and conduct THE CULLING
/me plugs in her electric stapler
Is this Bill Nye the Science Guy?
eeyup
*barf*
ASoftFluffyThing: wow, they make those?
O hai OJ :D
oh and hi everypony
hi HeavyWeaPony_Guy
Hi HeavyWeaPony_Guy
Hi HeavyWeaPony_Guy :)
Ugh, all this talk of plankton is making me want to run to McDonalds...
13ANEMONE doo dooooo do do do
HOMINY
13ANEMONE do dodo doo
NUMNUMINY
with friends like these, who needs anemones?
anenannemeone
Sea cucumber: The sex toy for females of the sea
i remember whatching this guy in school
13MAHNA MAHNA!
amentanie
@_@.
NUIZ
doot doo, dee do doo
Whoever's streaming, do you have the anti-morman episode?
mana mana
13wat
anti mormon??
wait wut
-_^
LunasGuard|Tired: DO DOO DOO DO!
Kurra, XaviortheSavior, Shizuka: The magnet one, duh
Shizuka: u beat me to it
I beg your pardon.
im so f*cking happy right now i just hooked up my computer to my TV so now i has 2 screens
:|
I don't get it..
the anti-mormon episode is a waterdragon episode?
pipe fish
Sea cucumber...
Looks like a widdle rock :3
Lunar_Brony: I take it you didn't know that mormans don't know how magnets work...
Grass shrimp! :D
HeavyWeaPony_Guy is your TV a 42-inch LCD HD TV hooked up via HDMI cable?
HES EATING OTHER FISH
goodnight everyone :3
AND THEN HES GOING TO EAT ME
dat pufferfish
Night thelonepony
seeya thelonepony
OH MY GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
D
How the hell did she not get hurt?
I'm scared of those things
And thanks for the stream Shizuka
yes how did you know
Oh dude, I saw those puffefish swimming too XD
eddmario nope
bye thelonepony
nite thelonepony
:)
Uh......aren't puffer fish poisonous?
FUGU
JELLYFISHES<3
ASoftFluffyThing: Only if you eat them
aliens!!!
bye thelonepony
tHESE THINGS FREAK ME OUT
I love jellyfishies \:3/
caps
oi twoilioght_Spankle why u no talk earlier? :3
they are heartless
U jelly
I got stung by an anemone once.
thelonepony: was busy .-.
Isn't the best way to cure a jellyfish sting to piss on it?
damn bill you gettin scary
no eye's, brain, or mouth
it... was not very hard
eddmario, yes.
Oh
i knew that >_>
13this acid trip has been brought to you by jellyfish
eddmario: i think thats a myth
eddmario, that and to get it off of you.
the only thing that pisses me off about jellyfish is I know almost nothing about them
drift
how do U kill a jellyfish?
well bye
...............drift...............
wat
Lunar_Brony, the one thing you need to know is that they sting and some are more deadly than others.
that's deep, man
Portugese Man of War, for example.
So, did anyone watch Conan tonight?
Listen, just wear nylons on your arms and you'll be fine.
ahh learning it hurts
inb4 Bill loses his mind again
Rip a hole in some Leggs and just...
13ah the 90s
ASoftFluffyThing no, that's not enough! I LIVE on a need-to-know basis! If I don't understand something, I want to know about it.
That guy's totally, um, "fruity"
Plankton Style
Lunar_Brony, jellyfish sting with embedding spears, near-microscopic in size.
Lunar_Brony: Google, Discovery, Animal Planet, National Geographic.
13if we ask him where he lives
13will he go AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH and crash into the nearest pineapple?
Plankton keeps trying to steal my secret reciPIE
Shizuka why not?
The problem with these is that the toxins of the stingers act fast. Australia has the deadliest jellies.
They kill in like 15 mnutes.
some in less
you cant spell piece without pie
Shizuka, I doubt i?
it*
oh shit its an emporere bulblax
y'now what i noticed
But, a great super easy way to protect against these cells is wearing rash guards, suits, socks, even nylon leggings.
reading's for eggheads
the Mods never mispell
The range of the stingers is like less than one millimeter.
Bye Bill Nye Dat Science Guy
hey
hi gaige
Yes take a trip to the ocean beach and see the sea life. Plankton, crabs, squids, starfish, a sponge...for some reason a squirrel
If you can get stung on an extremity instead of like your face too, I think that helps you not die D
PLANKTON!
KRABS!
dat music
*gasp* spongebob's old voice
13SHIZU!
And let's follow it with more Plankton
I saw this comming
Kurra, it also depends on the jellyfish that stings you.
ye
the old voice of spongebob died in 2004
yes.
He's talkin' in fancy
dat french
13spongebob in his reddit days
Kurra: That's nothing. There's a fish that will actually go UP your, um, "Richard" if you're in the water it habitats
13LE LE LE LE LE LE
but honestly, I'm not worried about anythign that stings me.
before it started sucking
That's gotta be unsanitary.
flutterchu: It's always been Tom Kenny
. . . . . . .
ew
You really are.
eddmario, the candiru. Just wear a swimsuit and don't piss in the Amazon, you're set.
ok, who let Shizuka get into the sugar bowl again?
13PLLLANKTON!
le cooking le epic krabby le patty with le my le spatula
kirz|art: mah bad
Ah, old school SpongeBob
lol
STEALIN' ME BOOTY!
13anyone else notice plankton is bigger in later eps
Shizuka IKR?
He is?
dat growth spurt
Never noticed.
13he's like actually plankton sized there
Shizuka: I doubt he really is...
growth spurt = lazy animators
That. Laugh.
eddmario he is
13but season 3 Plankton's Army he's big enough to be squished in the chest by krabs' foot
13not completely covered like he would be by his scale there
wait, there is an old and new skool spongebob? whut?
Plankton's Army . . .
Random fact: Mr. Krabs has the same VA as Baron Praxis from Jak II, and he played the Kurgen in Highlander
Sheldon
you know your IQ actually drops when you whatch this show or so ive heard
heheheh Sheldon
Sheldon!? Bwahahaha
XD
Sheldon J. Dinkleberg Plankton
dropped IQ more likely from the newer episodes
those are bloody stupid as shit
13SHING
13sparkle sparkle
ASoftFluffyThing: Dinkleberg...
/me grinds teeth
13even plankton knows twilight is best pony
Fuck yea sparkle sparkle!
Dinklebeeeeeeerg
So that's where that's from
Plankton is trying to cause a conflict of interest :o
13oo
13oo
13screenshotters
boy, plankton is trying to seduce the hell out of spongebob
I learned this from training....
eddmario: Plankton: And this is where I would put my Krabby Patty. IF I HAD ONE!
magmablock what, Sparkle Sparkle Sparkle?
SHING sparkle sparkle
13X3
ASoftFluffyThing: Dammit, I was JUST going to make that joke...
13get it get it
O_O
dat face
WTF?
GOT IT
LOL
Oh animators...
This was back when political correctness ruined the planet
shit, where's the paste button . . .
*before
thats great
13hey plankton... i'm not weak minded :<
Lunar_Brony: ctrl - v
Inb4 someone uploads it before me
here it comes
Shizuka: http://i.imgur.com/cvvhw.png
:D
SpeccyRush: Holy fuck that was quick...
abc
goddamit SpeccyRush, how do you copy-cut-past so quickly?
13<3
magic
/me snort snort
Shizuka, OP has delivered http://imgur.com/NcbiP
Lunar_Brony: Probably uses keyboard shortcuts.
Anyone else reminded of Animorphs? Particularly the Yeerks?
I have to full-on photoshop the damn thing!
magmablock, meee
Dang it you all beat me again: http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v135/J.E.Smith/spongeface2.png
Lol SpeccyRush
gyazo
yes nothing can stop duct tape
magmablock: omg i remember that <3
Compared to High School, college is easy
>total control
lol SpeccyRush, we got the same exact shot lolol
>Spongebob can talk
OH and by the way i died in lava to get that cap
lol
13let me just grab my pants.... guess i'm not wearing any pants today....
13i've been there >>
Shizuka: ...pics?
XD
lol Shizuka
ha
/me knows that feel
>Shizuka
>picture
13protip, skirt != pants
13silly filly
eddmario do you even know how you're talking about?
SHUT YOUR MOUTH, YOU MEDIOCRE CLARINET PLAYER
mediocre?
:O
dem eyes
LEAVE MY BRAIN ALOONE!
this was a tiny bit scary lol
D:
Mediocre? :(
XD
NocturnalBlade: dealwithit.png
Did anybody else notice that Squidward was pale when he passed out?
nnope
id piss my pants if i was squidward
Yep
Lol I see what he did there
fainting like a boss
I'd eat at the chum bucket
13i want this background music so much
I forgot about the Lab part
chum is dead fish
the puns r flying
XylemTube: You DO know what chum is, right?
buy sum chum
13sea pony... 50% shoo, 50% be doo
Smoke som eeveryday
Shizuka I'm on that music for yah, gimme a sec to find the OST . . .
dem sea ponies lol
weed
13there's a couple of youtubes that have the production music up
hmm, not giving me background music
13not sure if i ever found that one though
/me checks back into the chat
Oh mai
Ohey Panda
what about Shizuka not wearing pants?
>.>
oh yes
it's time
Ohai, Panda. :D
13i'm hungry now .-.
...........
YES
/me feeds Shizuka wubs
did anyone try to make a Krabby Patty?
Plankton, calm down........ :S"
13plankton... 1% evil, 99% ponies
I did.
that burger does not at ALL look appetizing
He enjoys that sandwhich to much.........
hello thar Panda
ASoftFluffyThing: I did. :$
Ifeel like In n Out now
ASoftFluffyThing: how did that go?
If I was tasked with getting a Krabby Patty for Plankton, it'd be digested by the time I got to the Chum Bucket
MAHBOI!!!!!!!!!!!
where have you been?
AJIsAwesome|Studying, not like the show right?
the patty is disgustingly putty-like
gimme yo afro!
/me glomps Panda
ASoftFluffyThing: Nope.
XD
so...how did he get out of there?
/me glomps MahBoi777 back
AJIsAwesome|Studying, I know the feel.
13ess beee
well later everypony
done already?
XaviortheSavior who f*cking knows, who f*cking cares?
XaviortheSavior: You don't wanna know
later
Night Shizuka
seeya Lunar_Brony
nite LunasGuard|Tired
Panda: I've been poppin in and out lately, how have you been? ^_^
Bye, LunasGuard|Tired. :)
13take stream away from me before i get sucked into minecraft until 4:30am again ><
MahBoi777 stressed the fuck out!
you?
Lunar_Brony: You just tabbed yourself. :D
That's it. See ya Shizuka
Shizuka I am ok with this... >.>
thanks for the stream Shizuka
AJIsAwesome|Studying thanks for catching that
night Shizuka and LunasGuard
Panda: I'm sorry to hear that :S
Panda: I'm doing good
Thanks, Shizuka. :)
MahBoi777 ^^ its fine, I gots peoples :3
Thanks for the stream, Shizuka. Sleep well :)
Thank you Shizuka for the always awesome stream.
pong
Panda: tru dat
i love pong
who doesn't?
Back
jeez this is trippy
WB Ponies47
Hi everybody :)
hi
hi The_Engineer
hey The_Engineer
Thankd Lunar_Brony
Welcome back, Ponies47 and hi The_Engineer. :)
Hey The_Engineer
wb Ponies47 and hi The_Engineer
I'm playing Pokemon Heart Gold :3
Thanks for stream Shizuka
GOTTA CATCH EM ALL
Gottam
I'm hitting they hay. G'night everypony *yawn*.
/me Falls to the floor dead from all the dawwww http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7JH6hikcGjU
gnight Lunar_Brony
Night, Lunar_Brony. :)
Bye Lunar_Brony
Night Lunar_Brony
Oh yeah now I remember that yesterday was Derpy's birthday (It was the day she was named online)
cartoons don't have birthdays
anniverserys :o
Buytoast: I know, but that's why people say it was Derpy's birthday (Or anniversary of when she was named in this case)
13oh boy...
13tf2 is getting zombies
13http://www.teamfortress.com/blizzbobarrabas/
WYHAT\
WHAT
:O
???
zombees!
Shizuka: Oh boy!
Shizuka: Spend Halloween doing a TF2 Zombie session?
13dunno
This should be pretty good.
/me Now feels like playing MvM
huh fancy that
Anyone care to join?
tf2 COD mod?
/me hugs twilight_sprinkle
/me glomps MahBoi777 :3
twilight_sprinkle: :D
/me Runs off to the magical land of TF2
/me Agian
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSKxTqDvsas
and now im out, bye
bye twilight_sprinkle! take care:)
Goodbye, twilight_sprinkle. :)
Later twilight_sprinkle
/me hugs twilight_sprinkle before he leaves :)
Shizuka, fun fact: blaze rods in a maerator generates 5 blaze powder, 2 blaze powder in a condencer makes one blaze rod rod
dat rod rod
hey guys
13energy condenser is stupid expensive .-.
whats up
Shizuka, i've exploited this to generate about 1 diamond per second
13oh
13in that case..
13NO BAD SHIZU... DO IT TOMORROW
this is my first time joining on bronystate so im just fucking with this shit til something comes up good
XD
hey Noc, how things going
13no more going to bed at 4:30...
ah my volience
i'm actually going to swap it out for red matter and see how much it makes overnight
how come the video wont start
There's no stream.
/me hopes one of the console-exlusive features the xbox version of Minecraft gets includes the Tekkit mod pack
>_>
what does #bronystate do?
Well, ive got to sleep, good night everyone!
It's a little past 1:00 AM for me. I should be sleeping. Nah :P
Night RaveBrony
nite RaveBrony
so what does it do?
Night, RaveBrony. :)
I think he's new NocturnalBlade
underneath the chat box there is #bronystate
what does it do?
im new here.
That's just the channel icon.
PoniesFortess47: i know...just tryin to figure out what he's gettin at :)
what if i click on it?
Who has the welcome wagon video?
NocturnalBlade: Ah gotcha
well it doesnt do anything.
oh well.
inb4 ya scare 'im off
lmao
:D
awesome
i like the power ranger parody from this
lol
Shizuka >.> I have a present for you if you get a normal sleep pattern
Well...
Also, make sure to read the rules and FAQ.
:)
The Stanley Parable was an interesting game...
13http://youtu.be/UaUR6u8nHoM here have some uncontrollable giggling
Oh a new person? :3
nuff said
why not by name+
and yea clicking on it doesnt do anything because you are already in this channel...if you had another channel open, you would click on it and it would switch to that one
10YES SHIZU, THAT VIDEO
your messing with me now
Ohai RainBroDash
HEY
omg
wwait
13WHY ARE RAGDOLL PHYSICS SO FUNNY ><
ZOMG RANBARDOOSH IS HERE
EVERYONE HUG HIM!
Shizuka: Here's one where it's somewhat pony related: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MiAyysfLxyY
I am relax
10goddamn you Panda
:3
Is it just me, or was the chat lagging a bit just now?
You know you love me now
/me huggles RainBroDash
/me Glomps RainBroDash
Panda: :D
i just dont like people messing with me with pranks
/me then procedes to violently stab RainBroDash with a rusty kitchen knife .-.
i dont like people with jokes, its not my thing
/me puts all his pinkie pie things away "aaaaw"
okay now you people are asking me a dumb question
eddmario french toast
im not going to answer dumb questions.
stop
eddmario you arent funny >.>
So, a family walks into a talent agency...
13GET OFF THE STAGE
O_O
AdamTheDuck: already gave him the vid lol
13we don't want to aristocrats here
you guys that are trying to mess with me, your not funny at all and you will never be so dont ruin my happiness
Those guys I was playing MvM with SUCKED! XD
NocturnalBlade, well I was afk :<
i dont like jokes
hope so
I know that feel Ponies47...
i guess
:3
how about this
no
/me hits Ponies47 with a spoon "Bad" :|
D:
applejack and big mac
...
god dammit
I'm sorry :<
those 2 remind me of texas
/me is in texas >.>
i like big mac ^_^
/me is nothing like them
im in texas
O_O
Spike is best poneh
where at?
I live in Wisconsin :3
South Carolina
Ponies47: I feel sorry for you then.
AdamTheDuck: thats a weird way of spelling Discord :D
no i like eating you....
......
same as ASoftFluffyThing
eddmario: But don't you to?
No wait, Tom is best poneh
wheres the video..
No one's streaming yet, so there's no video.
Ponies47: Nope, Illinois. I was staying in Wisconsin for college, but I dropped out because they forgot to hold my schedual til the semester was payed off fully
wheres the other chat room?
eddmario: oh
You mean where you can find other chat rooms?
/me Is sick of Wisconsin X_X
yeah
brb~
Ponies47: I know how you feel. I'm glad to be back in lllinois. My apartment is one of those that you eventually hate after staying in it for a few months.
eddmario: Ah. I see
My Chikorita keeps trying to evolve but its never gonna >;3
I think you'll have to search for them via Ponychat or just looking for them.
The_Engineer: why?
Cause my finger is on the B Button...
LFD2 is 75% of right now. Hmmmm. Maybe. But alot say the first one is MUCH better
FOREVER
The_Engineer: Why not?
nope
none
Because I dont want it to eveolve Obv
Ponies47: I don't know about the PC version, but the Xbox versoin of L4D2 had a new DLC campaign added a month or 2 ago
eddmario: Well I'm talking about LFD2 on Steam
Ponies47: I'd eventually get it, but I have the Xbox version :$
what the heck is LFD its L4D
Ah
Random fact: The player characters in the PC version of the first L4D game look different then in the xbox version. For example, in the PC version Francise has long brown hair and a bushy beard.
Its Francis not Francise
SQUADALAH!
The_Engineer: It was a typo
I dont get typos
Good Night EveryPony
The_Engineer: I was referring to when i spelled Francis as Francise
damn youtube..
nite HeavyWeaPony_Guy
I dont understand what does typos mean
Night HeavyWeaPony_Guy
Dem TF2 nick names
The_Engineer: A typo is an accidental misspelling of a word or name.
/me Hugs NocturnalBlade,eddmario "Bye"
How do I stop my pokemon from evolving withbout pressing B
IMPOSSIBRU?
AGH! HE SQUEEZED OUT MY BLOOD!
<- I only use this nick for when I'm playing TF2
Good morning Bronystate :'(
Hi, MadSurge.
What's wrong?
Whats with the long face MadSurge
MadSurge: I woudl have made a comment on that it's not morning, but it's 1:25 am here...
/me Grabs MadSurge and hugs him "What's wrong?"
youtbe gone error
hi MadSurge *hug* whats wrong?
MadSurge: Pun intended?
I SMELL TINY BABY MAN AROUND HERE
My ear got infected and it hurts a lot D:
Ouch.
Infected?
So, Conan O'Brian did today's episode with a bad spray tan and his hair in corn rows
What infection O.o
Hope you feel better, MadSurge. :(
I feel like I got a marble inside my ear
/me Hugs MadSurge "You poor thing." :<
O.O
get a cotton ball and put it on your ear
MadSurge: Woah, me and my dad feel like that to!
MadSurge: Do you also have a pain one side of your jaw, near one of the molar teeth?
Kinda, yup
Specifically one that's noticable only when opening it?
MadSurge: Same here. I guess whatever we have is going aroun.
*around.
Might be a cold or flu, or even pnumonia
It was worse yesterday, but it's there
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hctYB7Lpppo&feature=channel&list=UL
MadSurge: Do you know what the "sock method" is?
Got my meds, tomorrow I'll see the doctor and eventually start with antibiotics too
Nope, what's that?
I don't normally like Glee, but when I do, it's Thriller: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-EhF6mMWPCw
kirz|art: Forgot the heart exploding out of the chest cavity
So guys, have patience if I get crankier than usual :|
Okay. :)
/me pokes MadSurge with a stick
/me runs!
My chikorita is almost level 20
When it final hits that ITS TIME TO PLAY GUESS THE MINORITY!
I mean Css
kirzstryfe: I like it. It's a pretty funny (and somewhat interesting) concept for how an earth pony to obtain wings. :D
*pony obtained
MadSurge: Bitch please. It's hell when I'm cranky
Ponies47: Bitch please. I **** up people when I'm cranky
Bitch please, I go stab happy when I'm cranky :3
And when I'm angry or really depressed...
Stab happy?
Run
/me stabs Ponies47 with a rusty kitchen knife .-.
and keep all sharp objects away from me
/me slaps AdamTheDuck then kicks him in the balls
:<
BAD ADAM
/me hands MadSurge a tray of ice cubes, a cup of water, and a Starbucks Via packet
:I
11,02Refresh dat embed
Here MadSurge, make that and you'll feel better
anyways, off to sleep, have a good night everypony :)
Dat NewSuperBronyU
Ponies47: bitch please. If I get cranky for real, you're going to love me. :[
Night kirzstryfe sleep well
gnight kirzstryfe
11,02Night kirzstryfe :)
Nighty kirzstryfe!
My mom loves me ;3
Goodnigh kirzstryfe
11,02mah mommy wubs me too ;3;
The_Engineer: good for you :F
Well, I'm off to bed...
*:D
I wub you too NewSuperBronyU
MadSurge: When I'm cranky you just leave the Ponies47 alone, because if you don't the Ponies47 gets angry :[
11,02o/////o
Dafaq
Hey NewSuperBronyU :$
11,02While the current system doesn't support it, for the first time for my streams, the stream is in HD.
A retarded fat ass with yellow hair thats breathing fire challanged me to a pokemon battle? WHAT SORCERY IS THIS?
11,02Wii is at 480p
And it's chaos when I'm angry. I smashed a clock on my last rage run :~;
/me hugs Ponies47 :(
I broke a part of my headphone when I raged at my sister
Trust me it wasen't pretty :S
and hit my desk a lot.
WITH FURY AND RAGE!\
11,02See, 480p :3
11,02Also, Surround sound :P
Anyone alive in here? :3
11,02To prove how clear this stream will (hopefully) be, I'm going to do...the Rhythm Heaven test o-o
ANyone getting lots of Echo?
no
NewSuperBronyU: put on your science gloves!
My country has a celebration so no school ;D~!
Lucky. :(
Let's see. I yelled at my mother, flipped my nightstand, tried to punch a hole in the wall (I made a hole in thewallwhen I flipped the nightstand), I then smashed the clock, and then I proceeded to completry go insane and say something to my mother that should never be repeated EVER again...
Until monday
Also, is it me or is the audio echoing?
I think I might be insane...
FQSMLFA
goddamn son
11,02sorries ;~;
11,02I fixed the problem ;^;
My ears ;~;
/me hugs the chat ;A;
/me Pets NewSuperBronyU
11,02I'm SORRY ;A;
I punched my mother in the face by accident while trying to take her glasses.
She was mad D:
/me is petted ;~;
We are all dead
;_;
>_>
<_<
Ow NewSuperBronyU, watch it! I got one good ear now, don't bust that one too!
:D
11,02Flock Step test
/me Huggles NewSuperBronyU like a plushie
11,02Watch as (hopefully) the birds will not lag like crazy
/me huggles Ponies47 back :3
Brony are you gonna stream naow?
If someone made a plushie of SB's OC I would buy it :3
I want a chikorita Plushie :c
I want a Fluttershy Plushie so bad ;A;
/me <3's Fluttershy
Wtf? wHERE IS AERZOEIE CITY?
I want a Octavia Plushie. :)
Ponies47: who doesn't <3
AJIsAwesome|Studying: not an AJ one?
I WANT A PONAY
<3
11,02Ponies47: I want one too now ;3;
I dont want my parents to know I'm a brony ;_;
MadSurge: That too. :D
11,02How was the quality? O3O
:)
I would love a plushie of my OC as well ;3;
It was good. :)
/me blows an airhorn
I dunno, good?
FInally
I see the stream
:O
11,02Somepony else has an OC that is nearly identical to mine ;-;
/me jumps at the sound
11,02Except it's a unicorn
Aw man.... :(
11,02I'm pretty sure though I made mine first though >>
NewSuperBronyU: Who? :/
11,02idk, but it's from some NSFW artist :/
Oh my....
any of the good ones?
Ewwwww
11,02He/she is an amazing artist, but it's not one that I heard of
Ponies47: I like it. :3
AJIsAwesome|Studying: I want a plushie of my OC and Fluttershy so badly ;A;
I still need to decide what mine looks like. :D
Someone was being a jackass on the Pony Fortess 2 servers and said my OC was shitty. :'(
One thing I probably do know is that the body color is Lemon Lime.
I'm considering changing it.
/me giggles and slinkies around on her tummy
11,02Going to try some Xbox 360 now
:D
Yay! :e
11,02Be warned...it will be very much in HD o-o
*:e
*:3
AJIsAwesome|Studying: Tell you what? When you decide what your OC shall look like I'll make a pweety picture of it :3
Thanks. :$
I'm a slinky~
11,02Actually
/me pulls out a book and reads :)
11,02nvm, xbox first ><
YAY!
WHat game? :)
/me slinks over and peers over the top of the book "Whatcha readin'?"
Nothing..... <_<
^
Wow. My DA has over 1000 page views, people like mah stuff ;3;
Bye all
Yay! :)
Bye, The_Engineer. :)
Bye The_Engineer
bye The_Engineer
I'm off to play some CASTLE CRASHERS!
Yea :D!
Okaay *slinks away to her pillow fort and cuddles with a blanket*
:F
*:D
hello evry pony
I have to admit, this menu theme s pretty caychy. :D
Hi, Gentlemen-geeky. :)
hell AJIsAwesome|Studying still studing
Hello Gentlemen-geeky
hi AdamTheDuck
/me is typing in the dark, so he can't see anything :D
/me turns a small lamp on for AJIsAwesome|Studying
Thanks. :)
You're welcome :3
ASoftFluffyThing: is ASodtFkuffylapmp now
11,02dat update
NewSuperBronyU: are you a potato
Lolol Gentlemen-geeky
11,02Gentlemen-geeky: Moo O.O
ASoftFluffyThing: lol
NewSuperBronyU: i was right
11,02Xbox 360 live update stream \:3/
/me Eats his mattress because Baron O Beef Dip told him to
Ponies47: yum
:D Heh, Baron O Beef Dip
J_E_Smith71: Dat Ed Edd n' Eddy :P
Now that chat's a little calmer http://imgur.com/tCoE2
dat bing ingord by Ponies47 ............ agen
OH YEAH THIS IS THE GREATEST UPDATE I'VE EVER SEEN :D
Hello ASoftFluffyThing :)
11,02Happy Windows 8 Day everypony \:D/
Hai MadSurge
ASoftFluffyThing: They look so cute. :)
Happy Windows 8 day to you too, NewSuperBronyU! Though it happened for me yesterday!
AdamTheDuck: are you a spy
11,02ASoftFluffyThing: O3O
AJIsAwesome|Studying, dat Pinkie Pie cutie mark tattoo
Wait
Hold on
NewSuperBronyU: are you a spy
11,02O.O
11,02O^O
NewSuperBronyU is west coast. I'm on east coast. He's 3 hours behind me so it's midnight for him. 3 am for me
/me Noms on NewSuperBronyU
ASoftFluffyThing: go to bread
I don't see it, ASoftFluffyThing.
/me is nommed D:
good evening everyone
hi OneTrickhomework
hello OneTrickhomework
Hey OneTrickhomework, GET BACK TO WORK! :[
Hi, OneTrickhomework. :)
Ponies47: thank you, I know I'm good at procrastinating
OneTrickhomework: Same here :P
oh hay this is the update with internetexplore
11,02Hai OneTrickhomework :)
:3
Gentlemen-geeky, make me X3
AJIsAwesome|Studying, waa? Hmmm....
ASoftFluffyThing: nice, what else did ya get?
11,02So...
11,02This is the 'New' Xbox?
I got a Chrysalis card, and two Luna cutie mark tattoos but for some reason they didn't upload
That Wreck-It-Ralph
15 out of 20 files uploaded on imgur
Maybe they have a limit
ASoftFluffyThing: i willl................. not
ooh xbox update
Gentlemen-geeky lol that's right you won't
ASoftFluffyThing: no my muisc box with flutershy singing is broking and i dont think i have a sitck big enuf to hit you with
ASoftFluffyThing: so no making you sleep to night
i can't seem to find the volume button on the stream
bajo
or, any buttons
ASoftFluffyThing: hush now, quiet now its time to lay your sleepie head~
Gentlemen-geeky: I fall asleep when my body says "Close your eyes and go to sleep"
are there supposed to be buttons?
Same here. :(
*:)
NewSuperBronyU: Let's watch Barbie! XD
p4ngya: It's that speaker button next to the pause button
but there are no buttons D:
ASoftFluffyThing: yah and your head well say got tl sleep when i find a stick bigenuf
Ponies47: why u no talk to me
Gentlemen-geeky: Kind of busy
/me finds a stick "will this work Gentlemen-geeky ?"
No Gentlemen-geeky, I am a combat medic :P
Gentlemen-geeky you ahve to find me first
Ponies47: oh im sory
/me goes invisible lol
is this black ops?
It's ok
p4ngya: They're supposed to be. You have a speaker button, a pause button, a LIve sign, a thing that says 15 viewers, etc
NocturnalBlade: no to small
AdamTheDuck: i just want him to ko
Annd hello everyone again :P
ASoftFluffyThing: im out side your windo
NocturnalBlade: Oi, you. Quit encouraging stuff.
NewSuperBronyU: zambies
That's enough Killing Floor for me
Combat Medic is best class \:3/
J_E_Smith71: yeah, i got nothin. ive tried refreshing...maybe i need to update java?
AdamTheDuck: lol
ASoftFluffyThing: lolol fine ^_^
p4ngya: He's using Livestream instead of Mips or LimeV at the moment. Don't why they wouldn't be showing up down there
11,02Uggh...people
Eww people
/me hates call of dutty
/me Pets NewSuperBronyU some more
:3
/me licks Ponies47 :3
WAIT
REALLY?
SHIT!
.-.
Panda: are you a potato
/me Gets the idea and shoves a sleeping pill down AdamTheDuck 's throat
:3
ITS SOMEONES BDAY!!!!!!
ASoftFluffyThing: i think i might have found a stick big enuf ....
Panda: Is it yours? :3
no
Whose?
:<
have to make sure that he wants people to know though
AFK
Gentlemen-geeky: but she's invisibles, how you find her?
Panda: Tell him I said Happy Birthday. :)
^
^^
^^^
C-c-c-combo breaker
Same here for what the other said Panda :3
NocturnalBlade: im a gentelmen i have my ways
Gentlemen-geeky: mm yes quite
Who's birthday is it so I can hurt them?
AJIsAwesome|Studying: whose birthday is it?
:>
Wait, whose birthday is it, Panda?
Jmo: :<
NocturnalBlade: lol
/me Is once agian in Pony Creator tweaking his way around with his OC
Jmo, oh you :D
00,10am I loseing it or is it desynced sound.
I just can't seem to decide ;A;
Ohai Sumica
00,10ohhi
Sumica: why not both? lol
Wassup?
Hello Sumica
00,10my urge to kill tourist is up if that counts
Hi Sumica
11,02./).(\
Sumica: murder
That's one thing I hate about CoD >.>
Well you live in Vegas so you gotta expect tourists
AdamTheDuck: i hate evrything about cod
AHEM!
Cough
yea Panda ?
Panda: are you ok
/me pulls out a bull horn
Panda: need some whater
HAPPY FUCKIN BIRTHDAY SUMI CHAN!!! <3
HAPPY BERTH DAY Sumica
:O its sumi's birthday!?
^
Happy birthday to Sumica then
-__-
Joking :P
that didnt go as planned XD
/me licks Sumica "Happy birthday?" ponyshrug.jpg
Happy birthday, Sumica! *give Sumica a cake and a party cannon*
come we moste sing to happy biethday to Sumica
You fail Panda XD
Oh, Happy Birthday Sumica~
00,10thank you all ^_^
Happy Birthday Sumica ^_^
For he's a jolly good fellow, for he's a jolly good fellow
Sumica: Hope you have a wonderful whatever year old birthday :3
For he's a jolly good feelooooooowwwww
That nobody can deny!
ayy
/me raises a glass of cider "A toast to Sumica and the streams he provides"
I'll drink to that
/me raises his wine glass
/me Chugs Applejack Daniels
/me raises her glass of cider
/me raises mah grape juice
YEEE
/me chugs an entire barrel of cider :D
lol Jmo
00,10well I have been saying 903, so I guess 904 now
Jmo, XD
AJIsAwesome|Studying: i wanted some
/me gives Gentlemen-geeky a spare barrel :D
Gentlemen-geeky: dont worry, we have back ups lol
AJIsAwesome|Studying: yus
:)
NocturnalBlade: time to get me cupe
BRB
whos streaming?
NewSuperBronyU.
SB?
Mega_Milk, SB is
Ah
00,10ohhi Mega_Milk
Oh and here's the rest of the cards that I forgot to upload http://imgur.com/h8oNw
Sumica: Hows it hanging birthday boy.
Anyways
Just came to say
Dat Sweet Apple Acres
ASoftFluffyThing: its just one card XD
First to tell Sumi happy birthday!
Hmmmm
woot
December! Why you no come faster!?!?! I feel so young being only 14 ;A;
NocturnalBlade, look at the top of the page under imgur. You'll see something that says First Image, Second Image, Third Image, etc....
You get the idea
00,10so on the news today, they said for the first time ever, TV sales were lower then the last year.
Mega_Milk: eenope, you missed it cause Panda was first ^_^
NocturnalBlade: SOB! >:3
/me sips sider
Panda: Your dead to me.
Mega_Milk, you're*
ASoftFluffyThing: Your dead to me too! >:3
00,10then they procided to show off a 20k tv set.
Sumica: has enny pony gave you your punches today
00,10it dont mater how good tv looks if there is noting good on it.
ASoftFluffyThing: Meanwhile 2 >.>
PAWNCH!
ASoftFluffyThing: i no see that
Sumica: True dat.
Mega_Milk, is this canon now?
ASoftFluffyThing: Of course.
Why would it be canon? :D
NocturnalBlade http://imgur.com/h8oNw,sCn1a,qfHtN,pxC4F,xby79
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Nightly Roundup #479
yay now i see it ^_^ thanks honey
Mega_Milk, I should have that name when he comes on here . You can be the one to explain it
ASoftFluffyThing: -lololol
:D
Mega_Milk, trololol
TV is pretty much dead. Everyone pretty much just uses Internet :P
AJIsAwesome|Studying: u realy like cider dont you
ASoftFluffyThing: i like the Chrysalis card ^_^
Gentlemen-geeky: No....... <_<
NocturnalBlade, I'm sure you do. Get your own <3
AJIsAwesome|Studying: lies
00,10so what was the second thing Mega_Milk?
/me raises a glass "The Internet!"
Sumica: Second?
/me raises a glas with AdamTheDuck THE INTTERNET
No it's not....... <_<
/me takes AdamTheDuck's glass and raises it "Bronystate!"
ASoftFluffyThing: :( i would if i could find em
Oh, you can have this back. *gives the glass back to AdamTheDuck*
/me raises a mug "Bronystate!"
00,10well you said first, so I presumed you had a second as well
Oh yeah
NocturnalBlade: Walmart has them in the trading card section
to bronystate
To Browniestaet!
/me raises his tea cup "Yes, to Bronystate!"
ASoftFluffyThing: havent been to Walmart in a couple of days :D
NocturnalBlade: getelemen drink more tha tea wee drink appel cydier
Save money, live better, Walmart :3
Ponies47: NO
NocturnalBlade, get your butt there and buy cards.
Ponies47: i well not live better
Gentlemen-geeky: Gentlemen* we* apple* cider*
Gentlemen-geeky: than*
ASoftFluffyThing: need money XD
NocturnalBlade, true. Bargain with the employees lololol
ASoftFluffyThing: im bad at spelling
Tell them the ponies are a matter of life and death
Gentlemen-geeky: Ohhh. Sorry bout that.
lol yea that'll work :D
ASoftFluffyThing: hu? why you sorry
inb4 Mega_Milk calls me Meanwhile 2, shut up Mega
Ponies47: what you doing up so late might i ask
:D
Gentlemen-geeky: Don't know. >.>
ASoftFluffyThing: Sorry what did you say meanwhile 2?
......
Gentlemen-geeky: Just random things
ASoftFluffyThing: are you a spy
You guys are crazy. :D
ASoftFluffyThing: dont be sorry, you are a GrammarNazi...its what you do lol
Gentlemen-geeky, nope. Just a cuddly soft thing
Ponies47: ok
/me licks Phase4 :P
NocturnalBlade: it's*
anyone for mann up?
don't*
/me hugs ASoftFluffyThing SOO FLUFFY
Ooh me me Phase4!
/me sits on ASoftFluffyThing
Phase4: MEEEEEEEE1
O:
Phase4: is that a chling to a dule
*!
Phase4: I got tickets :3
Mega_Milk >.> I'm gonna have to ask Meanwhile for permission to be Meanwhile 2. I don't think he'll talke too kindly to someone having his nick at all.
Gentlemen-geeky, tf2 mode
mann up == the one that needs tickets
ASoftFluffyThing: *huggle* i love you :3
Phase4: i lost my steam acount when i rebuted my laptop so ill have to pass
:(
NocturnalBlade, I love you too *snuggles*
ASoftFluffyThing: NocturnalBlade dwaa
Phase4: If youve got some extra tickets sure -lol
Phase4: But aside from that ive gots none.
Mega_Milk, eh, why not, i've got two tickets
Phase4: Kool
Gentlemen-geeky :3
/me snuggles back with ASoftFluffyThing|Zzz
ASoftFluffyThing|Zzz: =3
Welp guys, going to bed. Tis 3:30 in the morning. Night all and happy birthday, Sumica~
Night.
Goodnight ASoftFluffyThing|Zzz :P
Gentlemen-geeky: yea i know :3
night ASoftFluffyThing|Zzz
night ASoftFluffyThing|Zzz sellp well
/me drowns in all the pings <3
same for me guys, good night and enjoy the stream
night ASoftFluffyThing|Zzz
oh...btw happy birthday Sumica ^-^
nigh NocturnalBlade
00,10thankyou
and again happy birthday Sumica ^_^
night NocturnalBlade
Goodnight NocturnalBlade
Sumica, up for mann up?
00,10gonna pass, sorry Phase4
:(
NewSuperBronyU, I presume?
his name is in the stream after all
Polydunami: no a potato
11,02Wooo...back in the Top 100 ^-^;
Yeah, I figured it out without the name
/me hugs NewSuperBronyU
Who else plays NiGHTS on stream? :3
/me hugs Gentlemen-geeky back :3
Well, this stream
=3
Polydunami: a potato
My, aren't we a talkative bunch? :D
11,02#79/5569...not bad :D
Polydunami: no we are potatos
Potatoes. :3
Okay, stop it with the potatoes, I'm getting hungry :S
/me hugs AJIsAwesome
Polydunami: jones the potato
/me hugs Gentlemen-geeky back :)
Hooooot potato, hot potato
Hot potato, hot potato!
Jmo: no
Apparently he is streaming.
Also, hi
night night everyone
also
hehe
Nini Pondoo
Hi, Pinkies4thWall. :)
Nivhf, Pz-
got a LONG day ahead of me tomorrow~
Bye, Panda. :)
hiya Pinkies4thWall
niht Panda
http://imgsrv.gardening.ktsa.com/image/ktsag/UserFiles/Image/P_Images/potato.jpg
see ya Panda
Gah, can't spell tonight.
I see we're making new filler for when no one is connected to this client :3
11,02>>
11,02This game doesn't count <<
11,02O.O
11,02Moo o.o
moo
So guess what
11,02What? o.o
Yes?
I won a vinyl Derpy figure in a Hot Topic drawing.
:P
hai everypony :3
Pinkies4thWall: Yay! :)
Hi, Spell-of-Gaming. :)
So why is an Xbox idling in the stream?
It's an obvious NewSuperBronyU stream.
Spell-of-Gaming: because superbrony, capture card, reasons
lolollololololollololol
Thanks to the cotton I stuffed in my ear, the pain dumbed down! \:$/
Right, I'm out. See you all tomorrow.
So, now that I'm more lucid (sorta) I'll give AJIsAwesome his daily gift :D
Hai Everypony :)
11,02iPhone :3
http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/5555c997a5383f2f439a3beee3ecf720.jpg AJIsAwesome: :D
NewSuperBronyU: are you streaming an IPHONE?
MadSurge: :D
Hai Everypony :)
11,02Pinkies4thWall: Yesh :3
I'm RD
NewSuperBronyU: you is a wizard
11,02O.O
:D
WUT
11,02okies
11,02I need players :3
dat iPhone
ME
Me again XD
da crap
NewSuperBronyU: me
Dat Organ Trail :D I barely know of Oregon Trail, except DISENTERY
NewSuperBronyU: Michael
^my name
NewSuperBronyU: me and AdamTheDuck
:)
Please me
NewSuperBronyU: AdamTheDuck
Thankies, NewSuperBronyU
Why not me? I'll die anyway but what the heck
Sorry guys, but I gotta sleep. Good night! :)
nigth AJIsAwesome
My is sog
NewSuperBronyU, me? :3
11,02Night AJIsAwesome :)
Goodnight AJIsAwesome
11,02One more pony :3
Huzzah for
me
Good night AJIsAwesome
/me hugs Gentlemen-geeky AdamTheDuck and NewSuperBronyU goodnight :)
potato
NewSuperBronyU: geltelmen-geeky
me
Night AJIsAwesome!
/me hugs Pinkies4thWall and MadSurge good night :)
I hate you ayejay D:
my bro is sog
/me tucks AJIsAwesome in
/me hugs Jmo too :)
yuo better.
Jaymoo plz
you*
Thanks, Pinkies4thWall. :)
Night Ayejay
spell of gaming
Asleeo
:P
I'm he's sis
Asleeo el tento pi tanto
/me shrugs
Don't judge me, Jmo. :3
I will
:D
lol dat car
You're so silly.
NewSuperBronyU GOT DYSENTERY
I r moofin
Anyways, good night everyone. :)
nihgt AJIsAwesome|Asleep
/me hugs AJIsAwesome|Asleep back :3
11,02Night :)
Why was 'muffin' not a supply?
NUU
NewSuperBronyU: nice hat
AdamTheDuck: oh noes you got sick
Night AJIsAwesome|Asleep
hey every pony i just had the weirdest argument ever with my mate
Pfft, sickness won't stop me from being awesome
/me dies shortly after
Ohai therainbowvortex
AdamTheDuck: you just broke your leg
You were never awesome Adam.
Jmo: your face
/me slaps Jmo around a bit with some large trout
dont ask what the argument was about
Sup
goo back
Well that wasn't a good choice
Steeltown USA
AdamTheDuck: Adam what happened in the 10 minutes i was away? -lol XD
also
Mega_Milk, everyone flipped their table
holy shit those graphics are.....incredible....
Mega_Milk, and Phase went to eat dinner
NewSuperBronyU: has a nice hat
THOSE GRAPHICS ARE AMAZING
because of the mess we made from flipping tables
IT LOOKS JUST LIKE THE COVER
Wow they really expanded on this than being just a simple Orgeon Trail copy
AdamTheDuck: -lol I leave for one minute and you guys start loosing your shit and flipping tables.
Mega_Milk: well i got here thats about all u missed
therainbowvortex: You were in the party?
therainbowvortex, we were playing TF2 before :P
therainbowvortex: You must have been our man on the mic?
umm i gess so i got here like 2 mins ago
therainbowvortex: -lol oh no you just got on bronystate
Yay I have green health again \:3/
therainbowvortex: Sup then //)
im go to bred night
Goodnight Gentlemen-geeky :)
Gentlemen-geeky: Later.
night Mega_Milk
night Gentlemen-geeky
/me hugs AdamTheDuck i hope u survie th zombies
night therainbowvortex
11,02Night everypony who is leaving o.o
hey ill be back soon
NewSuperBronyU: So I played the WiiU........
inb4 I get shot in suspicion of me being bitten
NewSuperBronyU: Not bad....not bad.....
/me is doing well
Pinkies4thWall: Sup /)
/) Mega_Milk
11,02Mega_Milk: IKR :D
11,02it cool /)^3^(\
yes
grr
WHO HAVES A FB
fb?
FACEBOOK
^
Gingawiffl
ah
Morning, everybrony.
Ewww facebook
/me hugs Malavolent
Hello Malavolent
^
Jmo: That's the one.
Malavolent: Sup.
facebook milk milk
What is that game?
Ginga.
11,02Organ Trail
Since when is Oregon Trail multiplayer?
hallo everypony o3o
This is a multiplayer game?????
no
The wonders never cease to amaze....
Jmo: Represent. http://img841.imageshack.us/img841/5325/img1193kx.jpg
Hello LightTrooper105
Ahahahaha
/me give AdamTheDuck a cup of tea
/me sips the tea like a gentleman
Left 2 die = Left 4 Dead
lol
zombies have guns?
great....
...These are bandits.
ah
00,10ummmmm should you not have goten ammo too
00,10seeing as you know they had guns
I'm a little puzzled as to why bandits would want to attack you in the first place. when your getting over run by zombies...
/me hugs Sumica
/me hugs Pinkies4thWall
Seems like you'd want to team up to survive..
Mega_Milk: nooo, those are the worst enemies in Lollipop Chainsaw :D zombie cops with guns
MadSurge: Ehhh......that game
MadSurge: -lol it was horrible
Mega_Milk: NO
MadSurge: Yet I found myself compelled to lay
/me has a brushie. Sumica accept?
play*
NewSuperBronyU doesn't usually stream this time
00,10wait.......kill bunch of guys and get alot of food.
Canibals!
00,10zomg you are the zomby NewSuperBronyU
11,02O.O
11,02Sumica: It was a reward for doing it ;^;
00,10sure Pinkies4thWall
NewSuperBronyU: Who's rewarding you???? -lol
00,10but but kill guys get food, but not ammo.
00,10you consumed them
/me brushes Sumica's mane till it shines and flows in the wind
>_>
00,10you monster
<_<
Mega_Milk: it's not the best Suda 51 game, but it's pretty fun to play
:#
00,10yay brushie
:3
Darn, I formatted my Wii SD Card to NTFS :/
MadSurge: Oh yeah its deffinetly fun.
Now it won't work
I want to play wii
MadSurge: I just question the actual story motives and what not.
00,10you cant reformat it?
Mega_Milk: don't, it's not supposed to be taken seriously :D
I locked my SD card reader in my mother's wardrobe. :/
MadSurge: Its cheerleader left for dead.
what bro
MadSurge: So while your empaling them. You can show your pep by chanting your happy songs and doing flips and such...
Mega_Milk: except the cheerleader is very unlikely to die :D
MadSurge: So yeah its just pinkie with a chainsaw.
15 bucks for a suicide difficulty mission...
Spell-of-Bubbles: Wait what?
Mega_Milk: with Twilight's voice. And imaginary weight problems.
00,10this sounds like ff3 music
Spell-of-Bubbles: Why did you lock it in there?? -lol
MadSurge: Exactly.
No I didn't
Dat music
7 scrap for one battery???? There better be a hat to go with that battery...
Mega_Milk: try No More Heroes and Killer7 too :D
MadSurge: Ive beaten both no more heroes and killer 7
MadSurge: Youw ant fun you should play rainbow 6
Mega_Milk: It's where we keep our SD card readers and USB flash drives and crap
Just bro man
Spell-of-Bubbles: Seems legit.
00,10some one farted, you have alerted the horde
Mega_Milk: but I suck at strategy :(
what is legit I'm 8
MadSurge: Pfft who needs strategy.
00,10funny defenition of surounded
Spell-of-Bubbles: And im 1 >:3
Mega_Milk: You do realize that, you're talking to my dumb sister.
waht
wat
Spell-of-Bubbles: Maybeh
MY BROTHER IS
take that charlie sheen!
Mega_Milk: also I like only Doom-like FPSes
MY BROTHER IS DUMB
MadSurge: I see I see.
Well it's passed 3:00 AM
So time for sleep
NewSuperBronyU: Pick a lane buddy! Some zombies have kids to pick up! >:3
Good night. And thanks for the silly stream NewSuperBronyU :3
Ponies47: Later ponies.
11,02np, night Ponies47 :3
00,10and some how the car was undamaged
Humans are no fun to shoot at Mega_Milk :(
Goodnight Ponies47
Sumica: it's like a videogame or something, gee
Rayman! :D
Perrrrrrfect!
cheese o3o
any others for mann up?
Phase4 Im up
Phase4: did you already start the match?
Phase4: Is that MvM?
SpeccyRush, not yet
Malavolent, yeah
caus e i've got a squad voucher
SpeccyRush, : D
Phase4: In that case, I'm in.
Malavolent, got a ticket?
Phase4: No, what ticket?
mann up tickets
Phase4: send invite plox
Pff, how do I get one?
hai :#
:3
dat derpy :D :D
Malavolent, from the mann co store
anyone else for mann up? one more spot
Sumica, Ping?
/me licks Sumica
00,10hmm?
mann up?
need one more player
00,10sleep soon, sorry.
Sumica, but sleep is for the weak :<
oh yeah, it's late over there now
00,10only got the one day off and too much to do
^ that feel
00,10especaly when part of my day involves the DMV
00,10need new regrestration tags for the cay before the month ends
00,10car*
/me hugs Sumica
Sumica: then I'll tell you goodnight now so I don't miss you :D
Geez, of course I don't have any balance on my account atm.
What a shame.
ah well, maybe some other time
dat instant queue
00,10well I have one you can have Malavolent if you have me on steam that is
00,10or not if they already started
we just started actually
^
:<
and aparently its instant with 5 players
:O YAAAAAAY SHANTAE
11,02^
Sumica: Thanks :3 but I don't have time atm, since my posters I've ordered are here :)
I hope we get a sequel soon :(
11,02This is the sequel to the original o3o
NewSuperBronyU: Yep, but I want a sequel to this
11,02ikr :D
BOSS TINE O.O
*TIME
dat boss theme
StupidSexyCJ: remix of the original's boss theme :)
Dat scumbag mayor
whats up everypony
Moopy: lots and lots of quiet
why whats going on here
Moopy: everyone's in awe of the game :D
WHATS That
so
this game does seem pretty nifty
StupidSexyCJ: it is :$
i'll i said was whats up and no one said hi to me so yeah
Hi Moopy :D
hi
see there you go
/me is playing a game and reading the trolls in map chat
*SIGH* so a whos streaming by the way?
11,02Moo o.o
oh you are
UNO i love UNO
Yo therainbowvortex sup man
11,02:D
O.O
that was fast
Who has pokemon cards???
Not me
let me guess NewSuperBronyU your playing on the wii U huh?
isnt gameloft making the pony game
me
DeadpoolDash|GW2: yup
11,02Moopy: iPhone o.o
oh
is the Wii U out?
how do you stream on the iphone anyway?
lolol
11,02Apple TV using AirPlay Mirroring :)
Hmmm thats weird dude
What is this?
was that an MMO for a phone? O.O
11,02yesh
hooray!
well it looks like the chat is dead
11,02I'm getting tired so I think I'm going to stop streaming for tonight -.-
ok
11,02Thanks for tuning in all :)
Thanks for streaming NewSuperBronyU :)
thanks for the stream dude
See ya NewSuperBronyU
hi guys
is stream done?
hello DoctoDoctorWho
yup
http://youtu.be/1kjvzGRwliI
NewSuperBronyU: Y u no have internet channel?
Awww goodnight NewSuperBronyU :3
LALALALALALALALALALAAAAAA
11,02DoctoDoctorWho: I have it on my SD card :<
k
ok what i miss while i was gone
hey look black ops
brb guys, time 4 showers
/me goes to watch DoctoDoctorWho under the shower
And I killed the chat :(
man this guy is going around and dominating everybody
I prefer TF2 :I
this guy is freakin cheat hacking
are we watching Wii Black Ops?
oh god that game
just watching the livestream here
/me repedatively throws his rusty kitchen knife in the air and catches it
o-o...
/me slaps AdamTheDuck
not a clue
stupid broken ethernet cable
/me licks Jmo .-.
/me licks AdamTheDuck .-.
Jmo... Licking? What has this world come to?
oh hay look, it's a 2 year old game.
Discord...
sounds like russians
brb guys going to go take a quick showers so yeah if therainbowvortex starts chatin tell him that i said i will be right back had to go take a quick shower aight
Ok Moopy
you know he can read the chat. :o
ok doki
just saying though
loki
Wekk
that was fun.
well*
/me licks Mega_Milk
:3
lol
AdamTheDuck! Hiiiiii
/me procedes to lick MadSurge... But stabs him with a rusty kitchen knife instead.
Mega_Milk and AdamTheDuck: who's your fav pony?
Applejack
hey MadSurge if I remember you did actaully want Chivalry: Medieval Warfare?
Also no AdamTheDuck, my ear got worse and I'm already a wreck :D
im back
LightTrooper105: ah yes
welcome back therainbowvortex
Mega_Milk: http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/5555c997a5383f2f439a3beee3ecf720.jpg :D
I cant find you on my friends list MadSurge..
MadSurge, http://fav.me/d4jxxsm
LightTrooper105: then let me find you
MadSurge I just saw that couple min ago on FB
MadSurge: -lol
whats the game
therainbowvortex, Moopy said he'll be back
or she
I'm not sure
:$
AdamTheDuck: how did u know i privite meseged
moopy
therainbowvortex, Moopy said to give you the message :P
AdamTheDuck: oh thanks dude your awsome
MadSurge, so yeah, Octavia :P
Suddenly wario -lol
AdamTheDuck: octavia is pretty awsome
AdamTheDuck: http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/28e43bd7352feb816dc897ef3aa55c44.jpg do you play Castlevania? :3
AdamTheDuck: i saw this pic of her and it said the laughed at my chelo i played it at their funareals
http://fav.me/d55n5ia :3
I like that caption
MadSurge, ooh steampunkish look
MadSurge your steam have a blue crepy monsta face?
LightTrooper105: ayup
I should try Castlevania some time
MadSurge friend invite sent
LightTrooper105: and acepted :)
AdamTheDuck: here it is http://www.memecenter.com/fun/390686/octavia-be-killing-you
did u look at it ???
MadSurge sent
therainbowvortex, eeyup :P
AdamTheDuck: AND????
did you like:$
therainbowvortex, I can imagine Octavia being as coldhearted as that sometimes :3
therainbowvortex, of course I did :P
octavia is awsome
Oh why do I at times love to cause grief and sorrow to others :$
o-o..
creepy
k Im back
/me licks DoctoDoctorWho :3
...
Im licked...
welcome back DoctoDoctorWho
Oh Pinkie. http://fav.me/d5isage :$
AdamTheDuck.. wth
LightTrooper105, oh welcome to my dark side :3
/me step 1000 back and hide on a tree
DoctoDoctorWho: hey your here
Anyway, back to Killing Floor I goooooo
Tally hoo~
have fun
bye AdamTheDuck
/me licks gold_demona
Demaaaaaaa~
Ohai!~
hey what is this game
Good morning Bronystate
I swear once I get my own computer my life will be complete
therainbowvortex: looks like Earthbound
Just as I'm about to go too, poop.
/me hugs Gold_Demona
hey Gold_Demona
hi there,
Gold_Demona: hey quick qestion do u like boybands
^ wat
Hi Gold_Demona! :$
therainbowvortex: Yeah some. Some more than others.
therainbowvortex: Why do you ask?
what would be the definitive guideline for a "boyband"?
well i saw my bitch of a mom for the first time in ages and she kept talking about some band named boyzone sounds like a boyband
therainbowvortex: dont like mother?
DoctoDoctorWho: if u knew what she was like yourd understand
oh I understand, I have one hell of an asshole for a dad I have to deal with
LightTrooper105: thanks for the gift :$
np MadSurge
therainbowvortex: I have that band in my music collection. I'm pretty sure they're a boy band. I remember liking them. Haven't listened to their stuff in a long time.
and yay! modspeak!
/me opens them up on iTunes
Eeyup. Definitely a boy band
DoctoDoctorWho: well i dont have to put up with my mom cause she droped me and mysister on my dad and said she didnt want us anymore
sisters
plual
/me pulles out abnormaly large weapons closet
I know a guy who can, take care of her if you want...
namely myself
um thats okay DoctoDoctorWho
therainbowvortex: I could just find her and convince her to be a better person too, Im very convincing.
AdamTheDuck: but zombie dog is best dog
therainbowvortex, oh no no no, not a zombie animal, think chaining an infected human and feeding it.
AdamTheDuck: oh no thats theres wrong
also DoctoDoctorWho some how i think shed be to stoned to rember you if u did that
AdamTheDuck: ...wut?
DoctoDoctorWho: so whats you dad like
Hi everybody :)
thats when we chain her up and wait till she's thinking straight before we begin, convincing her.
Something simular happened in 28 Days Later, but they sort of had a semi-ok reason...
and he;s just a very angry man
Night everypony im off to bed see yall in the morning ok........aight peace yall
bye Moopy
AdamTheDuck: stupid animal rights groups :D
Still keeping a pet infected is one of the most http://derpy.me/uRbjz things to do...
11,02Night all :)
Goodnight NewSuperBronyU|Zzz
Goodnight moop - oh well
Nighty NewSuperBronyU|Zzz :3 Mooo
11,02Moooo :3
http://i.imgur.com/egBCE.jpg
Nobody has to know
CrimsonPhoenix: that's from The Littlest Pet Shop right?
indeed
aka the next best show ever
CrimsonPhoenix: wrong mlp is by far
I really should be working on my fic right now, but I r epic procrastinator
CrimsonPhoenix: http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/5d01e97b6483eaa61e354947f274706b.png :D
^ Both wrong, Gravity Falls is.
Thine opinion pales in comparison to ponies^
^
You're ALL wrong, My Little Pony Friendship is Magic is best show, and you know it. D:<
^
^^
^^^
C-c-c-combo breaker
^
FFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUU
:D
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire, Part 1" airs in 15 days, 4 hours, 48 minutes, 25 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012)
Just two more weeks :$
yea
that, may very well be what she said
Tom: plz sto that when ever its metiond i get all exictied
MadSurge, http://www.derpibooru.org/130875?scope=scpef7dcf77b29129ae84130915d08cc81da70251be2
I mean srsly, the harder you ram it the more she likes it? not suggestive at all...
Gold_Demona: did i tell u about that fight i was in
CrimsonPhoenix: ewww :D
I cannot actually believe this http://www.derpibooru.org/130461?scope=scpe83e562fd053930daa4de5c27bfde534b5b729e2f
therainbowvortex: I don't think so.
PONIFIED ALREADY
Anypony else love muffins but cant bring themselves to eat cupcakes?
DoctoDoctorWho: I love both =/
CrimsonPhoenix: dude, the day after the Canterlot Wedding there was already a Chrysalis tunblr
Permission to post link for critic's?
MadSurge, none of them were cupidite
aww this guy who use to be my friend punched me in the head so i forght back i forced him into a wall so he ripped my uniform and ran out it was also in the libary so the school libaryin is mad at me but its not my fult i was sticking up 4 a friend
aka the best Chrysalis blog.....until it merge with DiscordelyConduct
Gold_Demona: as of ponies I cant eat cupcakes anymore... its sad:(
which is the best Discord blog
DoctoDoctorWho: i cant eat cupcakes
DoctoDoctorWho: That's too bad. :<
more cupcakes for everyone else :3
Honestly, it didn't ruin cupcakes for me at all.
Gold_Demona: did u read about my fight
therainbowvortex: Maybe if you organized the story a little better, I'd have a better idea of what happened. O_o
okay so i was in the school libary
OH YEAH
i was looking for a book
http://youtu.be/9AAvVzRPBRU Eile is complete.
and i herd a guy kez who used to be my friend bulying one of my curent friends
Gold_Demona: am i going to fast for you
nope, carry on
so i went over and asked him are you treating my friend again
treating or threatening?
theratening he said no i was then punshed me in the head
and went and started punching my body area so i forght back then i got pulled off him
Imma go work on my fic if thats alright everypony
he ran at me to hit me again so broke away from the guy holding me back and got him in the somarch
no, its forbiden DoctoDoctorWho
:P
noooooooo
hey guys
DoctoDoctorWho no do it dude
g'day alexxm
therainbowvortex: somarch?
how are ya?
i'm good d3rb
DoctoDoctorWho whats up
ohai alexxm
alexxm: I was actually just about 2 leave and go work on the next chapter of my fanfic
how've you been Gold_Demona
Gold_Demona: yes so any way i started punching him and so did he but i ended up forceing him up agenst a wall
Been good alexxm
Gold_Demona: have you read it yet?
oh whats it about DoctoDoctorWho
therainbowvortex: No, I mean what's a somarch?
stomach
ah
alexxm: making blueblood not seem like an ass
DoctoDoctorWho: That's not difficult. He does that by himself. :D
DocotoDoctorWho whats it called?
DoctoDoctorWho: but that's impossible! :D
he grab my uniform and ripped it trying to pull me to the ground and decied he couldent win so he bailed and ran
pfft what a wuss
http://youtu.be/sYwtbOzVlVg
alexxm: Blueblood unjerked
I don't understand why people feel the need to fight like that. =/
^
because teenagers :P
Even when I was a teenager, I never understood it
also DoctoDoctorWho fanfic is amazzing i love it so much it is so awsome it made me like bluebloud alexxm
Gold_Demona, ikr
It's stupid
Gold_Demona: it was self defence
Gold_Demona: because humans are warriors, we will never have peace for we are too loving of war.
therainbowvortex, is it more awesome than Background Pony?
fighting is in our blood
DoctoDoctorWho: No, we're not warriors. We're just selfish dicks.
^
We're violently selfish
The label "warrior" implies that there's honor involved
something didnt go my way...better fight someone about it
And there isn't. It's just senseless violence.
Gold_Demona: if it was up to me i wouldent of forght him but id agree with DoctoDoctorWho
Just because it's in our blood doesn't mean it makes any sense
Doesn't make it right either
graphics tablets like water right?
Polygamy is in our nature too, but that's against the law
Gold_Demona: think about it y do people fight i fight to protect
Gold_Demona: there is honor at times, many other times its just selfish violence. Whatever the cause the fact stands that humanity loves to fight, regardless of cause or reason.
DoctoDoctorWho: There is only honor if you are taught such. At our base nature, we fight for our own selfish needs.
I learn to fight so I don't have to fight :P
We fight to keep what we have, we fight to get what we want, and we fight to keep our own skins alive. That's basic nature. Anything else is stuff that's taught to us.
Thats my entire point!
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mcht7aUQAv1ru5991o1_1280.jpg
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mcht7aUQAv1ru5991o2_1280.jpg
DoctoDoctorWho: My point is we can be better.
Gold_Demona: i dont belive that we fight with honor but the human race are fighters
therainbowvortex: Yeah, but that doesn't make it right.
no way around it
actually there is a way around it
dont fight
I can give a list of humans who fight with honor
unfortunatly not everyone will do that
Gold_Demona: yer but i didnt want to fight that guy he forced me he attcked me
DoctoDoctorWho: I'm not saying that there aren't those who do fight with honor. I'm saying that honor is not in our nature.
Honor is taught
DoctoDoctorWho: some do but not all i meen what is honor anyway\
therainbowvortex: Yeah, I know. I was talking about the guy who attacked.
therainbowvortex: That sort of behavior makes no sense to me
So we all agree that humans are soldiers? born to fight regardless of reason?
Gold_Demona: yer that was un nedded violice it wasnt called for
therainbowvortex: I wouldn't use the word "soldier", but yeah
DoctoDoctorWho: i agree
the human race are born to fight
http://youtu.be/m0efX3B51dU
Gold_Demona: Soldier, warrior, fighter, whichever.
DoctoDoctorWho: Animal
alrighty, imma go to sleep see ya guys tomorrow
I like to fight only in videogames :D
^
Night OneTrickhomework :)
later OneTrickPony|Zzz
I have made an opinion
Flutter cruel is best discorded pony
therainbowvortex: we made better tools than apes. That's it
therainbowvortex: Yeah, we're the top critter because of our supposedly advanced brains. :P
anypony belive in god?
and thumbs!
I do DoctoDoctorWho
nope
DoctoDoctorWho, Art is my god
Gold_Demona: what dose beinfg at the top mean if we just go on kiling each outher
I don't really believe, but he might be there
therainbowvortex: Exactly
therainbowvortex: That's why it bothers me
Gold_Demona: i feel you pain
hey everyone
We are gods creation, we arent perfect, but we are a hell of alot better than whatever else may be out there
hello Lil_B
MOTHERRRRRRRR 3333
Hello Lil_B
therainbowvortex: Glad somepony does. T^T
HOLY! I y3 this game
* <3
DoctoDoctorWho, wanna back that claim up?
lol
how are things Lil_B
hey d3rb and AdamTheDuck :)
d3rb: which one?
and alexxm :) I'm good :)
hey guys
Can we not talk religion in the chat, plz?
Afternoon everypony
the one about being gods creation
how've you been DerpyMuffins
Alright alexxm
Hello DerpyMuffins :3
Gold_Demona: if we just could rise above our instics people could truly do something wortwhile
d3rb: you are looking at the bad in humanity, I see no other creature with the capacity for kindness and reason. Art, and culture. Happiness and acceptance. Love and tolerance. Peace.
^
therainbowvortex: That's what I'm saying!
thats vwery good and all but it does not answer my question
d3rb, what are you asking?
you claim we are all a creationof god, i disagree. i would like some sort of evidence to back up the clainm
If it's the 'god's creation" question, I humbly request it be dropped
Gold_Demona: yes i know
why? too deep for the chat?
Gold_Demona: we have the power to give life and to take it that dosent make us gods it makes us cursed
Is this Mother?
no it makes us living beings that can reproduce
The proof that we are of gods work is that we are capable of so much more good than any other living thing. The smartest animal couldnt even comprehend humanity beyond the food that lies before it.
therainbowvortex: No, that makes us the same as any other creature, who can do exactly the same.
DerpyMuffins: Mother 3
d3rb no, too unneccesary, there is no proof, that he exists, there is no proof that he exists, that's the problöem, you can't debate on that (or choose to debate in all eternity)
mother 3 DerpyMuffins
d3rb: If you know what's good for you, keep religion out of this, if you can't find proof of god in the world you see then you won't find god ok. Now drop it or go to a forum designed to discuss these topics, not here.
Oh boy, here we go....
Since when is BState a chat room for religion?
That's what I'm saying
I thought discussing relgion and politics was against the rules anyway
Hopfully it is
it rarely comes up, But Imma tolerate and keep it civil
Gold_Demona: you should still thank the doctor first than thanking Jesus after a difficult recovery :D
:D
socks, someone else brought it up, i suggest if people are goinbg to make bold statements as such i suggest they are ready to back them up with something other than airy fairy whimsy
Gold_Demona: mabby but we are awer of it all any way u look at it we are all evil and we cant help it
d3rb: drop it
whos voice is this?
dont act like a mod socks
Lil_B: SlurryMoon's I think
Lil_B superbrony i think
The ghost of mods past :P
it said it's SuperBrony64 is streaming, but he seems to be away :/
Gold_Demona: maby we should just stop talking about this stuff
Lil_B: Yeah, this is a recording
Gold_Demona, does that mean there is a ghost of mods present and future :O
I'm not acting like a mod I'm acting like a human being, keep this out of the main chat, we can take this over to PM if you want not saying I'm gonna respond though.
ah. recordsing?! WHat´black magic is this?!
d3rb: Maybe... :O
AHH
d3rb: I have given my proof, if you choose not to belive I will look the other way and still be friends. My job is to spread the word of god, not shove it down your throat. deal?
Now how 'bout them ponies eh :P
I still need to send my entries for the movies
ok, i will drop it but i will end on this, which god were we talking about?
Mother 3~
The god you believe in d3rb
I thought we were talking about Based God
Well look at this stream isn't it interesting...
Socks: PONIES! WHERE
Raptor Jesus is best Jesus
:D
Gold_Demona: agreed :D
SO HOW ABOUT THEM PONIES AMIRIGHT?!
Ponies are the best d3rb :D
d3rb: I am tired of fight, peace?
werd
Love and Tolerance guys!
/me hugs DoctoDoctorWho
I <3 Ponehs!
woah, me too, lets start a club
Mother 3 is a really good game, but this Video is ... not so interresting, something about the voice and the game isn't loud enough
Hot dayum, only here could a religion argument end peacefullly
http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/f56182790f4e0bedada56ae849dadb20.png what's this? Unifying the topics? ...sorta? :D
:D
Woah! There should totally be a chat room where we can hang out and talk about pwnehs! 8D
PONIS FOR LIFE! /)
DoctoDoctorWho: that's the ponies' magic :3
Mother 3 is depressing
MadSurge I love that this turnedf into a meme xD
and stream videos Gold_Demona ?
3DS? Ewww
d3rb: YEAH! That'd be awesome!
Spell-of-Gaming: TOO depressing in fact :|
I recommend you try Mother 3 without commentary.
Spell-of-Gaming yes, very
someone get on kickstarter and make this happen!
What should we call this group... this group of Bro's who love ponies... Hmm...
RITE NAO!
pony brother justice league!!
MadSurge yes, it's probably the most depressing game after Illusion of Time I've ever played
Pothers!
Hmmmmm, OOH! I know! State of the Bronies! :D
im getin pretty tired
Socks: I dunno, super Pony bros?
^
Goodnight therainbowvortex
night therainbowvortex
Gold_Demona: WHat is this Brony you speak of?
take it easy therainbowvortex
bye therainbowvortex
Lil_B: I thought Terranigma was WAY more depressing than Illusion of Time :|
Gold_Demona: YESSS
Kerbal? Do I want to know?
a sequal to sailor mun?
^
d3rb: Yesh
fuck, I never worked on my fic...
Imma draw Sailor Minmus now. :3
theres a plot in the party
awesome. my eyes are ready
MadSurge yeah... Illusion of Time , people die a lot, there arte wars, slavery, etc, and in Terranigma, even when you advance, people start to realize that advancing isn't always good and the ending is even more unsatisfiying than Shadfow of the Clolossus's Ending
please dont say how shaddow ends...i have yet to play it
Lil_B: although in Illusion of Time you could argue it was the comet's fault by altering time. At the end the only bad thing is that man doesn't respect nature like he used to
as oppsed to inedible mushrooms
test
Mother 3 somehow makes more sense than Earthbound
MadSurge yeah, and the whole Slavery thing turns out it was only this one Demon, but I think it's because Illusion of Time is depressing throughout the whole game, while Terranigma is at the beginning and middle mostly "Let's save the world" , and only later becomes depressening , it's why I think Illusion of Time is sadder---ish
why can't I qwrite short sentences?
slenderman?
Spell-of-Gaming yeah, Earthbound was way more random, Character in Mother 3 are a little more down to Earth
hey guys now ive relly gota go so ....night ...everyone
/me hugs all who says good bye
Lil_B: Eh, I think that while Illusion of Time ended on a hopeful note Terranigma just made everything you did pointless
Bye rainbowvortex
I like Itoi's idea of adding handicapped characters to video games
bye every pony
isn't this an automated stream?
XAX: Yes
yep XAX
MadSurge yes, but I allways thought that the Evil core of the Earth was gone after you defeated Dark Gaia, because you survived the attack of the Light world Eqivalent of you
Lil_B: I dunno, it looked like it was just a temporary defeat
Maybe I need to play it again
I'll be honest, for me, Heavy Rain kinda lacked character development
btw, did you ever managed to get the Town in Spain to level 3?
Spell-of-Gaming: they looked too much like robots to me :|
I watched a lets play of Heavy rain once. It looked like a really boring game...
Lil_B: the fisherman one?
MadSurge yes
Finally finished tidying up my room.
hey Malavolent
I liked School Days better than Heavy Rain. :I
I should do this more than once a half a year
AdamTheDuck are you still there?
Spell-of-Gaming: Whoo, School days.
Lil_B: Hello again :)
how've you been Malavolent
Nice boat~
MadSurge I know, I did everything, and it says it's should work, but it always stays at level 2
alexxm|colt: Hey alexxm, today I got a few poster I orderes, so I spend about 3 hours rearranging and tidying up my room. How's your day?
Lil_B: What about the potter? Did you do anything with him?
posters I ordered* -.-
MadSurge I don't know..
Lil_B: you must get a crystal sold only in an african camp of nomads, and take that to the potter
Well, it seems it's going to snow tommorow.
k, refresh your streams
MadSurge ah, yes, I did that too
hey hey hey
a wild artist appears
yupp
an angry artist
Lil_B: then I think that's it
Can't see shit, cap'n.
homework in the weekend..... FUUUUUUU
Malavolent, have you refreshed?
Phase4: 3 times.
^
strange
ok, playing KillingFloor now
seems to be working at my end
i got mips but no stream
We just see mips
It changed to mips, but only buffer show is on.
^
best show imo
:D
Yea, but fillers again.
srsly.
i LOVE buffer!
hi artist
waiting for buffer on bluray
you havent seen buffer until you've seen it in hd
hey Lil_B
well mips seems to have crapped itself
Oh! Are we watching the buffer show? I love that show!
Like I could afford all the buffer DVD's...
Suddenly, a Gold_Demona.
A wild Gold_Demona appears. :D
HERP DERP
we have two mips streams
Ze Gold_Demona
i activated the wrong one
refresh your streams
lol oops
the old ones suposedly broken, someone should probably delete it from the list
Aaand we're on.
all systems go
Welcome back commander.
:3
/me dies of heartfailure
Phase4: >that party with pinkie
Good morning, everypony! :)
so phase, you PUMPED for windows 8? :P
vol...ume
d3rb, would you belive yes
Pinkie party is best party.
/me ded
:O
i dont believe it
streams here!
its gona fail hard and will be fun to watch :3
/me uses Revive on SpeccyRush
:D true
lol
Phase4: What are you going to do?
Phase4: What is?
Like Vista?
Malavolent, not sure
hey RaveBrony
RaveBrony, windows 8
Gold_Demona, its gona be worse than vista
Hiya d3rb :)
and oh, lol
vista was just slow
8 is broken
:I
Bahaha. It'll be glorious XD
Phase4: do you want a link? ,_,
XAX, i can find it :P
so what do you guys think about homework in the weekend? great idea?
best idea
artist, its a silly idea
10 of 9 teachers agree.
were all hoofed
depends...if your behind in your regular work you deserve it.
im not!
then its stupid :P
they just like giving us homework through the weekend -.-
I wouldn't last long in such a school.
My teachers in high school liked to give us homework over our vacations
I basically don't do any homework.
Like fall break and winter break?
welcome to hell Malavolent
artist: Well, it's not that bad in my school, I'd say.
Most of my class is the same, if not worse.
I feel old... I graduated from high school ten years ago...
Quick question, do the TF2 Bronies here know the Halloween Update is today?
Halloween Update? What Halloween update? :O
You get to fight Mersamus the Wizard as the Halloween Boss.
Soldier got him mad again.
Gold_Demona: i graduated 1 year in the future!
artist: :D
Gold_Demona: Haha, enjoy your freedom... and money... and ability to do whatever you want... god damnit I want to graduate already.
Malavolent: Look forward to a shit ton of bills to pay! :D
pony_7739, wait... thats happening today?
when will you guys be inteviewing thelivingtombstone? :o
not sure
Gold_Demona: Not really that bad, getting job is worse.
does anyone have a playlist for friendship is witchraft?
Yeah. New KOTH map with a Bominomicon using Merasmus and a 800 Zombie strong army for MVM.
the music i meen
Phase4: Try searching for FIW playlists?
pony_7739, whens this happening?
Malavolent: True. Getting ANY job is a pain, let alone getting a job that makes you able to PAY those bills...
Oct 26.
i'm in utc+11 so
yeah, 26th is almost over for me
in like 1.5 hours
Back~ Ooh a Phase stream
Maybe at 5:00 PM. For the item server refresh time.
is it hard to get a job now? fuck no, not where im at :P
this is a rather nice song every now and then, but it's not something i'd put on my ipod :[
XAX, i beg to differ
artist: Depends on what kind of job you're after. =/
why XAX ?
Gold_Demona: Don't forget how hard is it to get a job where you get some decent pay AND you like it.
Gold_Demona: oil industries
It's 4:31 AM on Oct 26 for me.
Malavolent: That's almost impossible nowadays
>new zealand thread on 4chan
Gold_Demona: And that's why I aim to be a freelancer.
pony_7739: 13:31
>manage to find out there's someone at my school posting in the thread
>same year
._.
What is chat talking about? 6_9
Malavolent: Self employed? Watch out for shit load of taxes
AdamTheDuck: hello duckface
/me licks artist .-.
wut
Different things. I'm talking about the TF2 Halloween Update for example.
?
Gold_Demona: Basically. It's not that bad in my country, you pay only 1 tax + the health and social insurance.
wat? :$
imma go get some chocolate now
tf2 finally released a halloween update?
Dat Coldplay - Fix You
<3
Malavolent: Seems like there's a tax for just about everything over here. >_>
It's today. The Wizard that sent the Eye Boss after us last year is back.
Durn murika
Fun levels to the max!
We fight him instead.
guys, Darkfist the movie is out, FREE!
And his 800 strong Zombie army.
Gold_Demona: How many taxes are there in the US if you're self employed?
on youtube :p
before i continue with my programing
must show you guys something
in minecraft
awesome song :)
Sweetie Bot is best robot.
Malavolent: I don't really know cuz I don't look, but any job where you end up owing the government money at the end of the year sucks in my book. I prefer getting a tax refund.
And in freelancing, you end up owing the government a LOT
i've not seen this song before
Gotta love this song
this machine here
Gold_Demona: Well, if you're working on your own here, you pay about 15% of your profit to the government (if haven't made any profit, you don't pay tax, up to 5 years)
Phase4: Perpetuum mobile?
Malavolent, eyup
Yeah, Minecraft has alot of chunk errors right now. In preset Super Flat Worlds though.
Phase4: Aaand what does it do, exactly?
lol those fiw songs
blaze rods are worth 2 blaze powder in a condenser
blaze rod in a macerator produces 5 powder
infinite matter!
Go home physics, you're drunk.
So Phase4 broke the system?
all the diamonds
I'd post the link to the TF2 Halloween update, but posting links during a live stream is against the rules.
its producing 1 diamond every second
Phase4: ._. diamond flood.
Geez, hope God fix this bug in the next patch.
pony_7739: only videos are not allowed
RoboGerbil, no it's no non-image links
Phase4 are you taking music requests?
Oh, so I can post the link to the TF2 Halloween Update page?
hmm they changed it again?
alexxm|colt, not at the moment
pony_7739, sure
ok Phase4
http://www.teamfortress.com/blizzbobarrabas/
thats a short playlist
omg that bad Luna VA
ad on tv
"customize windows 8"
lolno
you can change the background colour
and....
Oh my God...
well you can change the colour
you can unistall it..thats a good option
^
dem zombies
Phase4: F*yay* yeah, technology progress!
ZOMBIES
get ANY linux distro
YES YES YES
lots of options in those
serriously if this is how windows is gonna be...linux ftw
/me dances around like a silly filly!
Yep. Zombies in MVM instead of Robots.
pony_7739: When? Why?
sounds.. about the same
Merasmus the Wizard. The one that sent the eye boss after us last year.
those spells look interesting but not that other stuff
well
thats anoying
/me doesn't care, ther are zombies.
You can find out more at http://www.teamfortress.com/blizzbobarrabas/
seems the range is limited in bundled cable
Phase4: What's it supposed to do?
Malavolent, elevator
Phase4: Looks like a space shuttle.
^
Phase4: just make a giant minecart ride
Dat creeper
minecarts are always fun in MINECRAFT
hmm
.
one sec
http://i.imgur.com/CwK1W.jpg
that is all
lurk mode on
hey i got a question, why has every fanfic ive read so far include celestia as a major character in it? it seems over used...
huh
dat lost connection
RoboGerbil, every fanfic?
the dark fister
i've read a bunch without
any good ones?
im just reading the highly rated ones so far..
RoboGerbil i've read a bunch where celestia isn't in them
just finished twidark tonight... found it lacking
RoboGerbil, http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/04/its-dangerous-business-going-out-your.html
Suddenly epic music .-.
I asked my digital technology teacher if she had any spare batteries I could put in my GameBoy, and she gave me the 4 AAs I need because she admired the fact I like old technology like the original GameBoy.
,_,
XD
dat Tony Jay
Dang this movie
XAX: should troll her and mkae chiptunes on it
damn frollo was an awesome villian
Do we have to keep going back to this?
RoboGerbil: Lol.
i must watch this movie
Phase4, we had it on BMN
statues judge you
must have missed it though
dark fister
needs to be about 20% more fire
who will the Dark fister fist next?
whats a dark fister? do i wanna know?
RoboGerbil: its a movie...Darkfist
I'm back guise :D Hello Kandarihu! :)
Hey MadSurge
Hello MadSurge :)
artist: sounds pretty close to r34
how've you been MadSurge
yes it does
im watching it now
Hunchback of Notre Dame music is perfect music to permaban me to.
its a comedy action thingy
what song is this?
alexxm: better than this morning, my ear isn't spewing stuff anymore :D
wait your ear was spewing stuff MadSurge
Oh Prince of Egypt
dark fister
Prince of Egypt had some good music
alexxm: water :| my right eardrum got swollen and it hurts :(
Oh... I didn't even notice that music was from Prince of Egypt.
i like trains
And now Pocahontas
Now, I'm even more embarrased.
I flew off the handle there.
dat David Ogden Stiers
lol Ponyviile, it could always be worse, at least were not Detrot
/me lives in michigan...
So what is Phase4 exactly doing?
MadSurge, nuclear reactor
MadSurge: hes making a shed.mov
MadSurge, he's fighting the powah
Oh wow :D
inb4 catastrophic failure
He's fighting savages
WITH SCIENCE
XD
should have left the furnace on
Inb4 WTFBOOM
Aw snap <3
This music
I was hoping that at some point during this free L4D2 weekend, it might be streamed on here and I could get in on it. But I guess Minecraft 1.4 takes priority over it all.
Hey RaveBrony!
Hey MadSurge :P
And now tarzan
/me sings along
Phil Collins
/me pokes Gold_Demona
ohai Jmo! :D
Hai Dema
I'm drawing Sailor Minmus, Jmo. :>
Oh god.
Gold_Demona, oh man another Sailor Kerbal? :D
those do not stack :/
Gold_Demona: so a Kerbal Chibiusa or what's her name?
XD
AdamTheDuck: Yes! Sailor Kerbals everywhere!
MadSurge: Yes, it's that one. XD
Gold_Demona, link me when you're done :3
Chibiusa
You scare me Dema.
Phase4: Of course. :>
Gold_Demona is a fun friend :)
this is gona be expencive
I wub you too Jmo. :>
Kandarihu: yeh most of the l4d2 players are staying away cuz you get so many people who dont know hot to survive easy mode..
infact this will take ages
;~;
everyone ok if i just cheat in the materials?
RoboGerbil, I see. But there's an achievement for taking that risk.
SIF TUMBLR IS DOWN.
Phase4: go 4 it
It's your game Phase4 :P
Kandarihu: which is?
Moar Tarzan!
/me sings along
GOOD GUY NICK
: Plays games with free weekend players and helps them survive a campaign.
Wow. I wish I could do a linebreak on command like that, and not accidentally
has highlander ever been shown here
/me cries on Gold_Demona's shoulder.
NO TUMBLR.
Kandarihu: o i c, you gotta play the whole campaign and survive youself.. lol
Oh noes, Jmo! Y Tumblr do maintenance? D:
;__;
/me pats Jmo's shoulder. "It'll be ok. They'll bring it back online soon."
Kandarihu: also i believe shift+enter is line break
Let's see if that's the case.
I don't think that's working.
Brother Bear! Moar Phil Collins!
^
Its nice to see someone that remembers Brother Bear
i remember going to the cinema to see that with my grandfather
I remember just about most disney movies and pixar and what else as i grew up
Also ZZ TOP are GODLY
That band is just awesome
I wonder if Ctrl+enter works
RaveBrony: Brother Bear was fantastic! Any movie that makes me cry instantly gets put on my list of favorites
I guess not. Oh well
All Disney/Pixar movies are fantastic :<
Gold_Demona: Nice :3
Jmo: Not all Disney movies...
Jmo: Home on the Range wasn't... Chicken Little wasn't...
I love all Pixar movies though. Up is my favorite, cuz it made me cry in the first ten minutes.
Home on the Range, i was able to stand, just by the fact the bad guy, Yodleed to get his way :D
Its like daFuq!?
I wasnt a fan of Chicken Little tho
RaveBrony: LOL, yeah, that's really funny. Also, I really like the song "Will The Sun Ever Shine Again". Other than that, the movie is really forgetable.
Ooh! Mulan
Gold_Demona: Yeah, haha
whats with the dubstep in halo 4?
Fear (Is Big Business) by Ministry from The Hurt Locker is a good song
Wuuuut
RoboGerbil Pointless appeal to a target demographic?
Im...really scared of Halo 4
^
Are you sure it's not just industrial?
Rev: im quite positive
Well, fuck.
look up "Nemesis"
I'd rather not.
meh as far a dubstep goes its ok
And hercules
Besides, safari shits out if I don't have a 3G signal
/me sings along with ALL THE DISNEY MUSIC
what movie is this song from
I think that all dubstep is bad.
alexxm: Hercules
Gold_Demona God theres no disney movie i cannot remember :D
thanks Gold_Demona
alexxm: No problem. :>
killerpony7733: There aren't a great many Disney songs I don't know by heart. lol XD
I'm retarded like that
omg... i found a pink floyd pinkie pie pmv...
Eh i can remember the songs and tell what movies they are from but as far as just remembering how to sing them and all? nope
lol
killerpony7733: Yeah, me I can still sing all of them. :P
You know the song "Minnie's yoohoo"? (would be amazed if you do, actually) Well, I know that one by heart too. :P
That's how dorky I am
And back to Pocahontas. :P
I don't know any Disney songs
Phase4: don't forget water
SpeccyRush, thats already set up
omg This Kerbal is coming out so cute!~
well, my ANNO 2070 Add on Arrived ! finally something to play
Gold_Demona, we're all dorky here on Browniestate.
Dat construction :O
AdamTheDuck: Tru dat, my friend. Tru dat.
Now see, i never saw Pocahontas
Gold_Demona: nerds are awesome :)
Always heard and listened to the songs tho, lol
I'm not dorky. I'm just insanely weird,
I used to have the Pocahontas game for genesis. o_o
And The Lion King... And Alladin... And Toy Story... And Pinnocchio...
I had the original Sonic for genesis
Me too
Gold_Demona: and Dumbo :$
MadSurge: Dumbo had a game?! :O
Gold_Demona: nooo
That would've kicked so much ass.
I spent most of my time playing MSFS 3
SIF You didn't like Chicken Little
;_________;
I love games where you can fly
Those cartoons, I had them all :D
Alladin
Gold_Demona i think it might have had a section in that villans revenge game though
Gold_Demona: the Lion King game was awesome :D
MadSurge: That it was. I beat it SO many times
It took me forever to figure out how to finish Scar off, though. XD
Gold_Demona: same.
Mostly because I had so much trouble figuring out the "toss" command
I've never been good at button combos
I was when I played Soul Caliber at the arcade
Gold_Demona: nah, I figured it out, but if you tried it any other time on Scar it was an almost certain instant kill
MadSurge: lol yeah
MadSurge: Once I got the hang of it I was pwning all of Adult Simba's section of the game. XD
All this Disney music. So much nostalgia.
hiya guys
Hiyo naturesfury
I spent most of my childhood playing my N64 >.>
Gold_Demona: :D tossing hyenas and leopards in all bottomless pits :D
MadSurge: Yes! All of them!
And those little bastard monkeys that throw stuff at you. >_>
>.>
Forgot that was the AJ emote. lol XD
Oh those, I hated them so much I removed them!
now... All I need is a PC to properly Run the Damn Game -.-
Removed them? O_o
Gold_Demona: from my memory :D
MadSurge: LOL Ah, your brain blocked them out. XD
Gold_Demona: and roaring at bats to kill them :D
Beast!
Beauty and the Beast is one of my favorites. :>
Same :)
MadSurge: LOL yes! XD
Gold_Demona: yes!
.....stupid
yeah... these AJ emotes look strange
dat David Ogden Stier
s
Gold_Demona: noone does freakouts like Gaston!
MadSurge: I like to say a lot "No one blocks like Gaston"
I was waiting all day yesterday for Shizuka to come on so that she could stream L4D2, since she streams it sometimes. But she only wanted to play Minecraft and did so for hours.
My husband doesn't think I'm funny. :P
Gold_Demona: :D I bet nerds throw all sorts of badassery at him :D
He's the Disney Chuck Norris
/me noms on Gold_Demona, hungry Rev
Gold_Demona: despite being a villain
Oh noes. I R nomd D:
So I come back in the morning to see Phase4 streaming, what else? Minecraft.
XD
Kandarihu: I'm not even watching the video. I'm just listening to the music. :D
hi Kandarihu
Hi, Lil_B
Gold_Demona: I like Frollo a lot
MadSurge: Frollo was a pretty awesome villain
Gold_Demona: Tony Jay will put you to the stake, witch :D
MadSurge: His special power was political authority.
You are nomed because you're delicious, Gold_Demona!
And gold
:O
IMMA PONY
AND IMMA HUG YOU!
O_O
no all caps.
/me gives Lyra` an apple .-.
dat buzzer...
IT'S GONNA BLOWWWW
WTF
nice range on the alarm there
RUN PHASE4, RUN!
MadSurge, no all caps
AdamTheDuck, no all caps
:3
Lyra`: :P
XD
Wth was that?
I'm deaf! Oh noes! No more sounds! D:
/me ahem
Ohai Scoot-Scootaloo
/me hugs the fuck out of Lyra`
RaveBrony, I think he was testing the alarm for his reaction.
Ah :P
Oh god, this song :D
Love the comments on it
jarfar was a bad ass
/me has all the fucks hugged out of her, and now has no more fucks to give
Meow?
/me hugs Lyra`
Lyra`: is not possible
sorry, alexxm, i have no more fucks to give
so icant hug
/me hugs Lyra`
/me gives a fuck
The way Alladin beat Jafar in the end was pretty genius though. Pwned by technicality. XD
00,03:3
/me give Scoot-Scootaloo a coupon for 1 fuck
lol The third Alladin movie. XD
turns out i had a fuck to give after all
The only place other than the original movie that has Robin Williams as the genie. :P
wasn't homer the genie in the show Gold_Demona
taking a shower~
alexxm: Yes, and also in the second movie
whats it called again
all these things have funny names
jarfars revenge?
Return of Jafar
00,03Jafar may need glasses?
The second movie was Return of Jafar. The third movie was Alladin and the King of Thieves
thats 4 Scoot-Scootaloo
/me <---dorkiness is showing
Gold_Demona: didn't disney do a redub with robin williams after they reconciled?
Lyra|gettingwet, is that what they're calling it now?
SpeccyRush: reconsiled what? O_o
SpeccyRush: To my awareness Robin Williams only did genie in the first and third movies.
so
i've never seen that before
Gold_Demona: well disney and robin williams has a falling out after the flop of bicentenial man, which williams blamed on disney cause of budget cuts
House of Villains. I saw that one like once. I don't remember much about it
LOVE House of Mouse tho
Wait, what happened with Bicentenial Man SpeccyRush?
bicentenail man was made by disney?
SpeccyRush: I wasn't aware Disney made Bicentennial Man. And I'm pretty sure it had more to do with Homer's voice actor was cheaper to hire for the role.
was = being
urgh
they hid the stuff i need
ok scratch what i said about bicentenial man info mixed
up
alexxm|colt: both
alexxm|colt, can fit both
It is both
i think i would classify it more halloween though....
ok, scratch waht i said about scratching what i said... uh
pick one >.<
/me Peeks his head in
Had a nice sleep Ponies47? :)
Eh I guesss it was ok AdamTheDuck
How was your game of Mann up Mode?
Ponies47, I won my first Mann Up \:3/
Yay congrats
:3
it was strangely easier than the one nittany did
save difficulty too
*same
I wanted t play with you guys but it was past 3:00 AM ;A;
*to
*finally recognizes it* Corpse Bride. XP
im back
wut I miss? o.o
Welcome back LightTrooper105
Just Phase4 scaring everyone with his test pre-nuclear alarm.
XD
/me AdamTheDuck slap with a cup of tea
ahh I like making my nuke go boom
even if its accidental
Is ti anything like conjuring a nuke in Scribblenauts? :P
Gold_Demona: who's your fav monster? I like the Harlequin Demon :D
my cooling system will have an off switch
this is probably a bad idea
MadSurge: From Nightmare? Um... As far as monsters go, I think I like the Mayor the best. :3
MadSurge: That turny head thing's pretty cool. :D
Gold_Demona: he's awesome too :3
Oh damn, I really should head off to sleep now
I do love Jack tho. He's too cool not to love.
Ehh but I want to watch Phase4 accidently blow everything up ;~;
Ooh, the Oogie Boogie song :D
Gold_Demona: I like the fact the demon has a 360 degrees mouth :$
Did you know the voice of Oogie Boogie also did the voice of the giant alligator in All Dogs Go To Heaven?
hello everyone
Hey Snow
Gold_Demona: :D that scene was great
Hello Snow
Hiyo Snow
Hello Snow!
Hai Snow
Aw, it's the shortened movie version. :P
not to advise you, but you should upgrade your chests.
Good Morning Everypony
Hiyo Squallken
Hello Squallken
knock knock zombie at your door
RrrrrrRRRRrrrrrAvonCallingRRrrrrrrRRrrr
If your head explodes with dark forebodings too, I'll see you on the dark side of the Moon.
I dunno, but Danny Elfman has an awesome singing voice. :>
a box?
Gold_Demona: I concur.
Gold_Demona: the Hydes are great too :D
Jack sucks at explaining things. :P
/me Looks at himself in the mirror "My hair is a mess!" XD
My hair used to be a mess like yours.
So I cut it.
Kammerjunk: But then you took a scissors to the locks?
Gold_Demona: just remember, don't go in the basement :D
MadSurge: Yeah, don't want Pinkie and Fluttershy stealing my cutie mark. :P
im letting my hair grow, its cold here.
Gold_Demona: but you want lizard Danny Elfman to sing to you right? :D
lizard? O.o
Gold_Demona: hold on
I like my hair longer but thing is my hair is VERY curly. .-.
I'm growing a beard
very manly.
that should be ready
Beards Don't Kill People, People With Beards Kill People
TIME TO THROW THE SWITCH
Yay explosions \:3/
well
thats worrying
where is this song from again?
it sounds familliar
CHEAT
I have never seen that movie. I know I'm pathetic .-.
same here
People with beards are the best people
its okay Ponies47, im awesome enough for both of us
i know it this song but i never seen both movies
Ponies47, that's why I put it as my A movie choice. :3
worrying me that these sensors arent showing anything
INB4 nuclear boom.
^
THe raffle is tomorrow right?
IIIIINCOOOOOMIIIIIIIING!!!
yep i think it is Ponies47
Why the hell is the newsletter in my spam folder?!!? D:
Oh right, it's yet-to-be Friday night.
o.o newsletter!?
Ponies47, I had the same problem :<
That boom did not sound good.
wat
seriously
what happened there
That's a very nice nuclear reactor you have there.
o.o
It's be a shame if something were to hap- oh wait
>_><_< i didnt do it!
How behind is my stream?
hey he actually got of pretty lucky
AdamTheDuck: Try clicking Refresh.
this is why I use HV-solar panels
>playing it safe
Hah.
Darnit it raffle is closed already :I
and geothermal generators with endless lava
I use geothermal generators in my Nether base.
Might as well make some use of all that gosh darned lava.
i dont think ill watch the A movie for movie night, not a fan of Pan's Labyrinth :(
Wait, isn't it dangerous to put a bunch of uranium cells next to each other?
that was really wierd
I have a bone machine generating lava buckets, that by itself could power everything in my server
I'm looking forward to Pan's Labyrinth
I mean, don't they affect the output of all cells next to them?
they can over heat. normally you would put water cells between them to cool
That's what I thought.
Phase, well, he is different
Safety is for the weak.
^
Think we should ping Phase to tell him? XD
Hmm... Nah.
Cheating is the best form of testing.
But he's cheating in the name of science :<
*raises eyebrow* what were you going to say KammerJunk?
Never mind.
Wow. That is a lot of bedrock.
Thought so.
o.O
i wonder if he can see Fred.
Wait, shouldn't you use the other panel as extensions?
Huh, never mind.
How hasn't that blown up yet?
magic *snort**snort*
it wasn't turned on. ;)
give it time
speaking of time
15 days guys
Snow until great rejoicing
Eleven years until I get to attend BroNYCon... if it still exists.
I plan ahead.
lol
11 years.... i suspect we will be in season 9
As long as it doesn't become like the Pokémon show.
Or hell, like Simpsons.
why 11 years Kammerjunk
Because education.
seems to be holding
It'll take me to Canada in 11 years, when gymnasium and university is over with.
OH COME ON
You were saying?
what was noise?
Ze sound of progress, my friend.
That was timing if I ever saw it.
indeed
Alright I'm hitting the hay
i was hinting at it
Goodnight everyone
Hate you Adam.
You shouldn't hit the hay, AdamTheDuck. You should really just lie in it.
Night AdamTheDuck :)
:>
Goodluck with your nuclear... reactor thingy Phase4 :$
/me hits the hay
But sweet dreams anyway.
I love you too Jmo
Take that!
night AdamTheDuck
"I AM PUNCHING YOUR HAYSTACK"
:D
Night AdamTheDuck
And then it goes boom again.
inb4 boom
More ice?
put in ALL the ice!
what are we listening to?
idk
Stuff.
oh...it turned off.
damn. I was enjoying that
wasthat ...corpse bride ?
i never seen that film too
Maybe you've heard of a terrible place where the scoundrels of Paris collect in a lair!
dammit i should watch more movies!
Maybe you've heard of that mythical place called the Court of Miracles (Hello, you're there!)
I shouldn't have watched Hunchback from Notre Dame yesterday.
That is a film i have seen.
me too
that was one of my favorites
my most favorite at that time was frank and frey
sudden chat silence
That looks a bit safer.
not sure if boom
Phase4: Why do you even nuclear plant?
why not
Malavolent: Ha ha. "Safety".
> Safety
> Minecraft
pick one
i've got all this uranium lying around
lol
Phase4: Ok, better question, what's the energy for?
Damnit internet why you go down now
Phase4 what type of reactor are you making?
The kind that explodes all the time.
so a MK4?
The one that goes Boom.
I only know two types of reactor. "Boring" and "Boom".
Malavolent all but the MK1s go boom
Chrysalis: Do they? I don't really know much about nuclear plants.
I just like the mushroom clouds.
i used to
then the revamped the entire sistem
much more complicated now
Yeah, that was annoying.
I still make mistakes because of the revamp.
i like the new one
i just wish CASUCs were still viable
TBH, I was mostly going primarily EE.
Hah, what a cooling.
What a cooling, Mark.
The power level...
You could say...
It's high.
It is fairly high.
I don't suppose you can make snowmen automatically yet?
not over ninethousand but high
thats looking much more stable
my internet is going derp atm D:
You thought so about the last one.
Kammerjunk: Why hasn't anyone invented snowman machine yet?
He could take over the world.
and now i have to test the emergency systems
Inb4 "You have died".
ahh Nuclear Control
Ohey some Don Bluth
That music...
Malavolent: I'm not sure if it's still so, but when they came out, you couldn't make a snowman with pistons'n'stuff.
ahh pre-1.3.2
Isnt is from Anastasia?
Malavolent: Yep
OMFG I LOVE THIS SONG
The pumpkin couldn't be moved.
dis music
/me hugs Phase4
OMFG, I have to see that movie again.
this can indeed handle coolent failure
/me hugs Chrysalis back
My inner child weeps.
Do svidaniya!
so a nice big CASUC reactor then
straight into a massfab?
nice
can't do that any more though
massfabs now wont accept more than 512
Anastasia is so underrated imho.
^
Didn't watched.
damn
watch*
It's one of my favorite Bluth movies
also, running that hot would damage you
ice isnt being pumped in fast enough
you need around 7 a second
for a maxed out casuc
put more ice generators in then.
generally its better to aim for 10
and recycle the excess
If you get overheat, it means you are going to lose 50 DKP.
RIGHT IN THE CHILDHOOD >.<
ooh...
good pick
And back to Disney
Oh, old Disney. Why you no more.
hey
Guys, czech Lion King's Be prepared rocks.
hi
That's all.
Phase4 you need to be careful using a single condensor
there can be issues generating the items
Double the condenser, double the ice.
i think theres more than enough ice
You could even say you would have... ice ice, baby.
Hm, I guess my computer at home died
the issue is getting it into the reactor
/me fucking glomps bicyclerepairman and his German-ness
Kammerjunk: Back to the corner.
ohokay
Phase4 why arnt you moving a stack?
Chrysalis, how do i do that?
/me still isn't JJ
you could say KammerJunk has to
Phase4 put a stack in the filter
dem nazi hyenas
Cool off.
THERES your issue
Much better
filters will either pull the first full stack on each pulse
seems he wasnt prepared.
or n amount of items from the inventory
You are not prepared.
oh haha
where n is the amount of items placed in the filter
YOU ARE NOT PREPARED
<3 RP
said the teacher against the class
Is it weird that I always sing the hyenas' parts toward the end of the song? >.>
Instead of the main melody?
RedPower is the best part of Tekkit.
hi
Kammerjunk i dislike you right now
Gold_Demona: YOU FREAK GO AWAY :P
hey
Chrysalis: D:
tekkit is a horrible thing
is it wierd i know the distraction song timon sings out of my head?
yo
Chrysalis: Why is it so?
Kammerjunk doesnt support the mod devs
they never actually ask for permission
cuase they always get denied
its why forestry got removed
Perhaps. But RP is still the best part of Tekkit.
he kept telling them to, they wouldnt so sengir put code in so that tekkit would break
Rp is its own entity
I like that guy.
Phase4 for best results, use the corners
seems to work fine Phase
?
Chrysalis, not sure what you meen
3 stacks of ice at each corner
finally theres actual snow on thr ground haha
Oh right, there's a new YouTube layout again.
man i miss old reactors now
XD
ditch the dodo!
hello everybody
1k+ EU output
without consuming MASSIVE amounts of Redstone or Lapis
And I have to take a longer route to get to my favourites now.
Anyone fans of Mr. Bean? :P
/me whistles the song
Cuz he
thats working nice
Cuz he's Zazu
XD
Gold_Demona: :O Rowen Atkinson is Zazu?
MadSurge: Eeyup
ahh the bottom of a quarry pit
english lion king is nice
the BEST place for a nuclear reactor
but dutch timon and pumba are awsome
LOL!
Gold_Demona: I should go and watch Blackadder one of these days
safe reactor?
a casuc is NOT safe
XD
yeah, this thing likes to explode
Hi guys
fortunately, JUST the reactor explodes
Hello SafariMonkey!
chambers are fine
hell iv seen some nightmares
"Safe, Easy, and Powerful" I laughed.
namelly the ice failing
reactor left so hot the rock turned to lava
and destroyed the autocutoff
then BOOM
The safe and Powerfull reactor.
Chrysalis: :D
that one was under my house :(
Awww :(
Did he just say "...but DAT. ARSE."
hi MadSurge
first snow?
:)
yeah i was sleeping in it at the time
damn you insomnia
finally on a laptop. :)
KammerJunk: nope he said but gett off!
im glad i never went back to that
here in CZ there is no snow yet
Snow: Aww.
but get*
dmanit now i wanna build one too
oh wait, i have MASSIVE stockpiles of lapis
Condensing reactor here i come
None here yet either
inb4 Chrysalis leaves
Chrysalis: Non-creative? :)
SafariMonkey yup
1.3.2 as well
There are two types of reactors: The boring ones and the ones that go boom.
SafariMonkey i dont even have NEI or TMI
Chrysalis: That's the best way.
gtg cya guys
October is way too early for snow :P
AGAIN, RIGHT IN THE CHILDHOOD >.<
k, see ya
bye
yup, snow here in CZ is around December or January
SafariMonkey ikr, no fun if you can just spawn it in
So it holds a very special place in my childhood
Chrysalis: "not even"? I thought that went without saying.
:P
SafariMonkey i usually play with NEI
i laughed
for the recipes
ÿou idiot! we all got swords!"
i know most of them
that seems reletively safe
but times like now i miss it
stupid interderps
Got the kerbal sketchy done. Now for the inking. :D
Chrysalis: really? Isn't that just as bad as creative?
there is always only mud everywhere :p
i dont know the new recipes for reactors
SafariMonkey turn it off cheatmode and its a really convenient recipe searcher
Chrysalis: Ah I see. I thought you meant with cheat mode on.
oh god no
:)
again, ruins the ful
fun*
yep
knowing i dug up acres of land
ok
i'ma first check my dark matter machine
nice looking at the huge holes i leave behind
I had a server before creative mode existed.
then i'm going to try turning off the ice supply
check the reactor doesnt instasplode
SafariMonkey i had one before survival was
This thing is coming out freakish and adorable at the same time.
I gave my friends op powers so they could telepi
when i joined monsters stood there
no crafting
It's freakishly adorable
oh phase
ort to each ther and stuff
really? a EE exploit
*sorry for that, unfamiliar keyboard
Chrysalis, why not :P
Phase4 all that tech and no quantum suit?
its either that or i make more quarrys
havent bothered to make a quantum suite yet
anyway, I told them not to spawn items without my express permission
Slippery so
tumblr is down.... XD
lope
omg The horror, the horror!
One month down te
*the line
Phase4 do you have enderstorage?
/me faints
sorry enter is where backspace usually is for me
Chrysalis, havent bothered with that either
Quarrys + electrical Engines + ender storage + solar power = Profit
i got 5 running atm
and no EE
inb4 Phase4 oprns chata nd writes that
:P
and somehow, still REALLY low on tin
i have more diamonds than tin wtf
*sees chest* ....rarity approves.
I forget. can you compress coal to diamonds?
Phase4 why not just make the other chest DM?
SafariMonkey yes
but it takes several stages
Chrysalis: Ah.
and requires an obsidian core
Oh, using ender storage like a teleporter
Phase4 yeah
havent thought of that
Chrysalis: obsidian for each diamond or as a catalyst/machine?
hmmm
Phase4 dump the quarry striaght into an ender chest, and use that as the input to an autosorter
SafariMonkey one per diamond
Chrysalis: Ah.
ahh is this where uranium was crazy expensive as well?
Chrysalis: I guess that is really the most costly factor.
whoah
a laser on a chest?
that's a lot of diamond
shana EE gets to the point where you can generate it faster than you can use it
i was able to make nearly a stack a second on one of my old servers
sounds like a bug?
of DM
shana nope, just crazy OP
OHH, thats why i have no tin
what about violation of conservation laws?
1.3.2 can cross-dimension chunkload in SSP
shana energy collectors are like honey badgers
Chrysalis: Make it from what though?
dat minecraft talk
havent played it in ages
SafariMonkey sunlight, the energy collectors just MAKE energy
they are expensive to make
but once upgraded quickly make back their worth
Chrysalis: I mean the diamond
what using ic2?
inb4 red matter armour
Chrysalis, basically i'm condencing all my wealth
surround a obsidian block with coal and compress
so if the reactor explodes, and my nano suite holds, i've got stuff
Phase4 why you not using a bigger klein star then?
a stack a second, sure, but it doesn't come from nothing does it Chrysalis?
SafariMonkey in ee, yes
Chrysalis, when i made it didnt have the resources to make a bigger one
SafariMonkey the collectors generate matter from sunlight
its just to power my flying ring anyway
or a torch
Phase4 you not using the EE toys?
no flying ring
no crazy powerful catalyst
?
omg :O
i've got the flying ring, thats about it
Chrysalis: And in what form is that matter? And what about 1.2kw/m^2? (the total energy of sunlight at the earth's surface)
SafariMonkey seriously, sunglight into 64 diamonds a SECOND
thats OP
welp
coolant off
lets see what the reactor does
Oh hey, Hercules.
1.2kw/m^2=mc^2
hercules is boring
inb4 big bada boom
Phase4 thatll take a while
theres alot of ice in the tubes
people would vaporise instantly if it was strong enough for that
this is why i recycle after it goes by the reactor
not that long aparently
all dat ice
Chrysalis, thats an excelent idea actually
Phase4 yeah, striaght into recyclers into the bottom of the massfab
LOADS of UU
its raibows cutie mark.
rainbow's*
Ohai everyone :)
hi Colt_Brovakiin
:)
it does indeed handle no coolant
/me glomps Colt_Brovakiin
not verry well though
/me huggles Snow back :3
:)
Phase4 you need to be careful running THAT hot
youll start melting the rock
flim flam <3
Chrysalis, its not opperating tempteture :P
i'm stress testing
i hear enderman
Phase4 yes, but its possible to destory your cutoff
hes comming to steal ur reactor Phase4
if the block your cutoff wire is mounted to turned to lava
you would have one BIG explosion
Chrysalis, hence the allarm, but given the speed at which this thing builds tempreture thats not gona help much
dat enderman.
Phase4: How many mods do you have?
thats enough tekkit for tonight
also we had quite a few pingouts there
Malavolent, tekkit
Wut.
Oh, I see.
urgh, 1:27
i should have been in bed hours ago
MULAN
did applejack die?
shana, looks like she might have
Wait, it's 1:27 over there?
Kammerjunk, yeah
Go to bread.
Phase4: but its weekend!
/me noms on Kammerjunk
Damnit LightIRC died and crapped out on me .-.
shana, true
D:
friday night here
Ohai Ponies47 :3
and i have nothing that needs to be done next week
Did you get the picture I linked before?
aww <3 mulan
or the weekend
Phase4: Go to bread.
shana, ikr, briliant movie
I have probably watched Mulan too many times the last month.
http://i.imgur.com/hOoKf.jpg --- meet the eevee
:)
nice, Ryunosuke
Ryunosuke, >9 evevee forms
>9 tf2 classes
lol That's awesome Ryunosuke
coincidence? i think not
my mind is blown
at this realization
fucking reddit, I really do find the weirdest shit on there :)
http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=104753807 :P
Ponies47, wat
Ponies47: Thats one hell of a turret :P
tiny engineer is credit to team
Spawn of Engi
Phase4: Indeed. I just joined a random server and I typed in something and it made me tiny XD
Wait, not sure if tiny enginner, or massive turret :P
ColgateServ, tiny engineer
http://i.imgur.com/3aWdP.jpg --- it's Mario Mario and Luigi Mario :)
Colt_Brovakiin, assuming the map isnt massive
I have more pictures of tiny Engineer on my Steam profile if you care
00,03>_>
Oh fair enough :3
Ohai Scoot-Scootaloo
Dat Scoots.
uh was there a new eclipse release?
I just use Gallileo.
Galileo*
Hiya!
Heus.
This sounds familiar.
how are you Barb|MaskedZombie
Oh. I was thinking Civilization.
Ohai Barb|MaskedZombie
stupid php and its invisible errors
and then just like magic LightIRC stpped being stupid
*stopped
ikr
I haven't watched Lilo & Stich recently for the same reason I haven't watched Hercules; the goddamn show ruins my memory of it.
damnit, android sdk and pi why you get interesting at the same time
whos streaming? I have ... something :)
Ryunosuke: Phase is streaming
Sup suckas?
Kiss de girl.
Ohai Hoody|Skool
Ave, Hoody|Skool.
Ave?
J'moment?
Ancient roman salutation Hoody|Skool
I cannot into hear today.
MadSurge: :P
finally chat works again :D
Hoody|Skool: What MadSurge. It's Latin. Anyway, quid agis?
Ember!
What MadSurge said*
Hoody|Skool: Goddammit, I did it again. "How are things?" is what I meant.
blame me for this
So, some idiot threatened a shooting at my school, and now it's on lockdown
wot
it's ... i dont know
Well, that's fairly stupid.
fem shep
Deres cops errywhere...
Was that Shepard before?
fem shep. yes
Samus!
FemShep is best Shep.
Noob?
Oh wow :D
I saw Joker
secretiryt
Johnny Cage
assasin creed guy
I will probably attend DragonCon in the same year I'll attend BroNYCon (if it still exists by then) - in eleven goddamn years.
I ned secretirty noaw.
deadpool
lol
DAT ASS
Hah
LOL
Consarnit, why do I know the lyrics to this.
pschyco
i approve.
dat Gandalf
Psycho approves of this
FINISH HIM
that dread pirate roberts
Gumby?
lol
Doom
nioce
and cammy?
Tetris :D
tetris
Yes.
mt day is complete
isaac
Good morning and what am I seeing right out of the showr?
Halo
naruto
Did I just see some one famous? Dat J list.
Oppan gang-namseutayil
ASoftFluffyThing: Everything
so many cosplayers
i have no idea what that was
You get that alot at conventions
but it had lots of cosplay
*I* have no idea what that was :)
It did.
Lol Hoody|Skool
But yeah, morning everyone.
you got the YTP version of gangam style
That was gang-namseutayil, obviously.
i like the 2 guys in iron man costumes
and 4 in master cheif
ASoftFluffyThing: sup sucka?
There were so many people gandum style at Canterlot Gardens
Hoody|Skool, just getting out the shower. You?
ASoftFluffyThing: School lockdown :S
do oppan godamm style
Hoody|Skool, wait what? Who did what?
My school was in lcok down yesterday
*lock
YES.
Somebody threatened a shooting
God, I love Tangled.
It was a drill
Tangled?
tangled?
Rapunzel with better graphics.
I liked Tangled ._.
It's a Dreamworks animation.
<--- needs to watch more movies
I swear, Dreamworks know their stuff.
I hope dreamworks/pixar doesn't go away anytime soon
Oh yeah, Pixar too. Fun fact: Every animal in Find Nemo is biologically correct.
last movie i have seen was puss in boots
And they made an entirely new engine just for the jellyfish.
hi guys
is that tangled?
(dont hate me for misspelled, i only know the dutch title)
Eli: sup sucka?
Salve, Eli.
Yes.
Yes, it is.
Ember: No, fairly certain that was correct.
Damn, next class starts soon, gtg
oh wait, is houldnt lie, last movie ive seen was snow white and the huntsman
latas
Hoody|Skool: Have fun not getting shot.
shouldnt*
i'm not even embarrassed to admit that i liked that movie (19 years. male)
Kammerjunk: :S
:$*
peace
Eli: I love it, it's brilliant.
Kammerjunk: right? so much pan!
dat DoS
DERP
no wonder it didnt work
I was a little skeptical when I first heard about it, but when I watched, I was positively surprised.
Ember, not dos, bash. bash > dos
<--- only first year of her education
sorry D:
Kammerjunk: have you seen the wedding short film?
I did.
also don't write dos DoS, that usually means denial of service :D
Oh hey, more Mulan.
<3 this song
oh god
lets get down to busniess
to defeat
the huns
i know this from dbz abridged
Kammerjunk: one of the way to little movie whith horses in the main role :3
Eli: It was fun. I have it on my hard drive. Shortest 1.56 GB film ever.
Kammerjunk: but worth it :)
Completely and utterly.
i derped.
And what's the name of that animation coming out? Has a girl with a bow on the cover.
the one thing disney does relly well is translations of their songs in movies. I can't decide if i like that song more in german or english
Perfect
Phase4: are you writing a site?
Mooon!
I'm interested in it. If it's Pixar, even more so. They're the only animation studio I can think probable to actually animate her shooting with her bow correctly.
the best version of this song
Eli, cache plugin for wordpress
05fuckign fantastic to be home
is sang by jackie chan
kinda just setting it up
ohai Wrek
Hai Wrek!
05been a shit day
Dat Wrek.
i should be sleepy
Hello Wrek
Oh?
/me Glomps Wrek
ohai Wrek
welcome home then Wrek
05the livign candle halloween decor at school on the main tabled burned the back of my laptop screen
00,03Ember is best Fire Type move~
Oh, shit.
/me Gives Phase4 a pony plushie "Go to bed" :3
05now theres some melted plastic on the back and a light distortion on the front
whats up everypony!?
seriously Scoot-Scootaloo?
Wrek: Wow. That sucks.
I don't celebrate Halloween regardless.
05but in good news
...Unless I get to shove chili in the candy.
05bungie has announced they are makign a new marathon game
isn't halloween on the 31 october?
yes
Wrek i just fangasmed at that news
*snif**snif* i smell macaroni, gtg go everyone, dinners ready
05shana: well over here we dont exactly have halloween. we have something roughtly translated into all saints eve
shana: we don't celebrate it anyways
screw halloween, I will be playing AC3 :3
lol
05here ya go Chrysalis
05http://www.neogaf.com/forum/showthread.php?t=474970
05the short recap
05paragraph 10
All Saints Eve? Sankt Hans?
05all helgona afton
05all saints eve
Ah.
Eli: we do have some children trick and treating here, but yeah nothing big
except valintines day
In Denmark, we just have "Fastelavn" - whatever that means - but that's earlier in the year.
05santa is a product of coca cola so
shana: yeah. btw i noticed I can get from me to SG with a direct train in roughly 2 hours :)
bbl
My family doesn't even celebrate Valentines Day. Or Mother's/Father's Day.
i've managed to follow recomended videos in a loop
ah well
Wrek: he's not
Wrek: modern santa is
05well duh
05thats the one i meant
Kammerjunk: well, im just saying that it's not from a myth or really old
Eli: But Green Santa was kind of a jerk.
05Chrysalis
05did ua read it?
05also
05santa claws is best santa
Wrek: but St. Nikolaus was a rich orphan who went around and gave presents to poor kids. he's canon
Wrek: yep he is
@Wrek: lol
Wrek i opened it to read, just getting ready as im visiting my parents this weekend
Wrek Sandy Claws is better
05jsut read paragraph 10
05of the recap
No Wrek. Sandy Claws is best Santa
i know that sceen from KH2
Santa is awesome ;3;
asdfasd This is Halloween <33
05Gold_Demona: you need more eddsworld
00,03off to class~ I'll be back for Navy_Brony's interview!
Bye Scoot-Scootaloo :)
Oh ZANTA Claus!
Scoot-Scootaloo: See ya later~
Bye Scoot-Scootaloo
05zanta claws*
05w/e
@Wrek: pls show vid
Wrek: RIP edd...
dj-pon-3: Phase4 is streaming :)
05RIP edd gould
Eli: i almost cried
05a tear shed for those lost
shana: k
I was really sad when Edd passed away :(
hi everyone
Hey Lil_B
05dj-pon-3: i quote simon and garfunkel, if i only could, i surely would
Ohai Lil_B :)
dj-pon-3: i actually did when i saw Tom's video in which he tries to day goodbye
say*
@wrek: lol
thanks Ponies47 and Colt_Brovakiin :)
oh hi Lil_B
hey Eli
Lil_B: hello there bro!
and hi dj-pon-3 :)
Howdy y'all!
Hi everyone that just came in ouo
Ohai Everlasting_Joy :)
Hey Lil_B and Everlasting_Joy
it's grimer from pokemon!
Hey Everlasting_Joy!
The Smoooze!
heya also Domo :)
:o
hey ASoftFluffyThing and Everlasting_Joy !
Howdy Colt_Brovakiin, ASoftFluffyThing and Ponies47!
Howdy Lil_B!
Ohai ASoftFluffyThing :)
I rteally wanna see this episode... I finally wanna see how it ended >.<
Ohai Colt_Brovakiin
G1 wasn't even that bad.
The Smooze is actually a pretty legitamit villain.
Kammerjunk: Yeah
sleep
i neds
Aw, thanks Phase4 :)
thanks for the stream Phase4
A gigantic, liquidous, multi-face bag guy who is damn near impossible to contain.
bye Phase4. sweet dreams
Bye Phase4 :)
05i jsut realized im vefry hungry
NIght Phase4
05very*
night Phase4 !
/me Gives Phase4 a Twilight plushie "Good night"
NIght night Phase4.
im watching MLP:FiM "Boast Busters" right now, that moment when Spike has a mustache...:O
/me just realized Phase4 finished streaming.
thanks for the stream Phase4
:)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=adS-nvDQ4o4&feature=plcp I like this version of Boast Busters better :3
night Phase4
05hey Everlasting_Joy
good morning everypony :)
05bungie announced that they are makign a nwe marathon game
05<3333
Hey Sketch_Toku_Brony
Howdy Wrek! I was going to ping you, but you left for eats.
Ohai Sketch_Toku_Brony :)
05actually never leaved
Wrek: <3, I'm so checking in on this, the Bungie piece.
how are things Sketch_Toku_Brony
05http://www.neogaf.com/forum/showthread.php?t=474970
05there ya go
05paragraph 10 of the recap
hio Sketch_Toku_Brony
Ponies47: this is amazing
things are good alexxm|colt
dj-pon-3: IKR? I was there when it happened to. :3
Ponies47: this is soooooo amazing, it has it's own narator
Hello stream
It feels good to have a new computer <3
Wrek: I never heard of Bungie getting into a situation with Activision, but I can't say I'm tickled by that. Yes, I'm aware Marathon has nothing to do with Activision, but still.
Why hello Domo
LMAO That boast busters!!!
Wrek: I'll be keeping my eye on the game should it actually go through with a release :).
Ponies47: Hi~ c:
05i dont care if they fuck up the marathon franchise
05as long as i get to see a modern remake
05im happy
Domo: I forgot to ask you this but, do you have a DA? c:
Wrek: I just hope they don't pull another "Halo: CEA" again.
Ponies47: Yes ouo~
what happened there Everlasting_Joy
> Listening to Silent Hill soundtrack.... suddenly hears Flutterwonder.... O_o
alexxm|colt: They re-released Halo: CE, the first Halo, and while it's nice to get to replay Halo: CE, its age showed through.
WTF
actually reading that contract
they are screwing up bungie
game every other year
and in between dlc
no time for quality
^
and bonused based on the god damn metacritic
Im sacred of the future Halos :'(
*scared
RaveBrony: You're not the only one.
Halo is scared of you too.
RaveBrony the halo franchise belongs to microsoft
343 is making em
whihc is why the new one sucks
Yeah :(
Well, everything wrapped up decently, now there's a new trilogy, and a potential of another trilogy after that.
I saw the commercial this morning....for that special skin?
It disgusted me....
>New one sucks >Hasn't came out yet to support this opinion.
DashWithRainbows: There's a difference between fear and a decleration.
Fair do's.
DashWithRainbows its full of god damn metroid
they have ruined the grunts
But still, wait until you've actually played the game to say it sucks.
removed some of its defining characteristics
you cant take the soul out of a game and expect there to be anything left worth keeping
I will agree that it lacks a lot since they said there will be no flood.
Which was my favourite enemy.
ey everybrony
Heya HiImSpike
und?
hey Colt_Brovakiin
how are things HiImSpike
Draw hand guns
hello alexxm|colt
Then draw hands
nothing much
DashWithRainbows: Of course, there can be redeaming qualities to this new trilogy, but yeah, it hasn't even been released yet.
how 2 der!
I do want to try out the Mantis though <_<
or whatever it is called.
It looks good, but really OP.
Meh, I'm just waiting for the next n00b tube, cannon, or combo to make me angry.
yay livingtombstone
/me Dances
HiImSpike: Dances till dawn
00,10zomg boobs >_>
hah
Dat Sumica
whats this program:S
00,10it's Sai
thanks
:D
FFFFFUUUUUU
Everlasting_Joy at least the enemy isn't capable of hijacking/destroying your team's vehicles when they spawn
today is a stressy day, but clusterbux if it's gonna get to me
Which annoyed me on maps that had tanks.
and Banshees.
DashWithRainbows: Oh lord, don't get me started on Banshees :[.
Please, the Hornet was worse.
Going +35 K/D with a Rampage in there, shoot them down!
hi Sumica
DashWithRainbows: At least that you could hit with the rocket lock-on.
Hominh rockets and machine guns? VTOL so it could turn easily in the air?
The Banshee has to go in for strafe runs.
The hornet was just "I'll just go side to side, easy to dodge missile pod rockets and I can have two guys with Spartan lasers on my sides.
DashWithRainbows: But those aren't in multiplayer, I thought we were on multiplayer (I just realized hornet =/= falcon).
Only good way to take it down was sniping the pilot, getting a hijack, Spartan laser or a Scorpion shot.
00,10hi Lil_B
The hornet was in multiplayer
Although it was on Sandbox maps and didn't have rockets.
No, wait
it was Avalance
DashWithRainbows: But it wasn't in standard maps.
Avalanche*
Oh yeah, I think you're right. It's been a while since I've played H3.
It was.
new, propperly tagged version of Remix War V is available to download... and they used my old artist name -.- (not that I can blame them) but how will pewople find me now D:
I think it was the machine gun only version though
00,10it's a jackel
>_>
at least I got some positive Feedback on my Indian my löittle Pony Intro xD
But the bane of my existance on halo multiplayer is always the Scorpian.
DashWithRainbows: Yeah, that was bad, especially given to a pro flyer.
They were right.
Tank does beat everything.
Mü Lüttl Pönü
Just snipe off the tank's turret :P
DashWithRainbows: At least there were lasers and rockets to combat it, but yeah, let's be honest here, what happened? The tank kept the enemies away and its allies took rockets and laser.
/me glomps Everlasting_Joy
/me is glomped :).
Howdy Bronysith
Sumica: jackal?
Nothing like a round of Tylonol in the morning :).
how arre things Bronysith
DashWithRainbows: when does halo 4 come out?
Everlasting_Joy Which is why they replaced the Scorpian with Wraith tanks in multiplayer
November 6th.
alexxm|colt: im eating cats
Rooster Teeth were able play Halo 4
DashWithRainbows: Play heavies on Boneyard.
Totally jelly.
I did, it was terrible unless you had a good team.
BTB Sandtrap heavy
DashWithRainbows: The story of my life.
The team part.
Guass Warthogs, Scorpians, tonnes of lasers and rockets
So fun
DashWithRainbows: Than again, it's called "heavies" for a reason.
Everlasting_Joy Ever won a game by yourself vs a team of 8 in BTB?
DashWithRainbows: nice
DashWithRainbows: I can't say I have, but I haven't gotten that opprotunity.
*nor can I remember.
My team was disconnected except from me
DashWithRainbows: my friend and i went against a team of 4 however and won
oooooohhhhh, a draw stream :D Hi everypony.
still won 78 kills, 22 deaths.
Time ran out though.
DashWithRainbows: Well, you had more targets to shoot.
True
but they had power weapons.
I only had my BR and stealth.
Oh I know who this is
Domo~
DashWithRainbows: So you used the map to your advantage, smart.
Yay, ponies!
Can't remember what map it is called, it has a huge satellite in the background.
Ponys? Medium or well done?
DashWithRainbows: If it's H3 you're talking, I know what you're talking about.
Yeah, it is.
fun map.
Sumica: -poke-
DashWithRainbows: Except when shmucks opened the base.
Domo! :$
Especially on CTF or Assualt.
^
"We can shoot out the windows now!"
EEEEEEEEEEE
DashWithRainbows: "Except there's a lower enterance for the enemies now!"
"Yeah, but now they have new ways to get in, also they can throw grenades and shoot rockets through those windows."
Deep Why Bell Wonder, Deep Why Bell Wonder
Reason No.3 for being a brony, awesome music.
^
meh
hrm
/me sits on Gold_Demona
Still no tumblr. ;_;
Ow, hi Jmo D:
listening to the ultimate final fantasy battle melody while doing homework is awesome
Haai Dema~
You must pose as a chair until tumblr is back up. :>
Meh, brony music is okay but OST's will always be in first place for me
Wait, Tumblr is down?
has been for hours
;A;
Oh well.
noooo
i need my askprincessmolestia
I see a pony skeleton :D
Jmo: ikr? I'm getting Tumblr withdrawals. D:
why does final fantasy have such awesome music?
Need mah content.
i'm back!.......how is everypony doing?
Meh, only askapony tumblrs I watch are Jappleack and Love Letters
Need to see what crazy stuff Dema be bloggin'
Jecht, Kefka, Sephiroth are the best final fantasy villains
Bronysith: Oh jeez, that brought up a memory.
I'm more a chat and forum guy, not a social network fan
Everlasting_Joy: which game?
Bronysith: Jecht is from where?
MadSurge: ...
Bronysith: No game, machinima video.
final fantasy 10
Everlasting_Joy: oh
Bronysith: but the villain was Yu Yevon
MadSurge: nope
Bronysith: I don't really consider Jecht to be a villain. Just a shitty dad.
^
Nobuo Uematsu
Gold_Demona: he is hte true final boss though
Bronysith: But he's not the villain
You mean the last boss where you can die Bronysith
Jecht is the villan, you do have to kill sin, sin=jecht
Yeah, but Sin isn't the mastermind
Yevon is
Sin is just the slave
Sin is a fucking shark
A Megalodon shark :D
Yeah, but the Main ffx characters are out to get sin
i need to get the MEgaman X collection
Teh: Because they don't know what the big scheme was
Ffffffff.....
that anatomy pic is USEFUL
Teh: All they knew was they were vanquishing a big monster. They didn't know that it was actually part of someone's plans
This music, fuck yeah
maxthon eh?
Ooh pony anatomy. =D
Gold_Demona: you got a point
my legs
/me is distracted by pretty ponies.
/me ...and kerbals
who is streaming right now?
So easily distracted. Tsk
egg
X>Megaman
^
^^
Hello everypony
Just think ladies and gentlemen, in two weeks, we'll be saying "OMG, tomro iz poni primir!" ;).
another slow friday morning i see
Everlasting_Joy: im just not going to hype myself or i will be disapointed
/me fluffs ASoftFluffyThing
Bronysith: Smart move.
I'm doing the same.
/me pokes Jmo
Everlasting_Joy: its not helping when everyone is "ERMAGHERD SERSON 3 HURR DURR"
Everlasting_Joy: I no rite :) Can't wait for ponies!
Bronysith: That's why I tend to ignore them. I said tend, not do.
I like to be moderately hyped, thank you.
MadSurge: I can't wait either, but like I just said, I'm trying to not overhype it.
Awww, little pony. :D
ive got this bad feeling that S3 is not going to be anywhere near as good as the last two
/me shrugs
im trying to remain optomistic
but i just have that feeling
Everlasting_Joy: yep, just a moderated hype. I got my videogames to distract me anyway :D
^
tomorrow ill be super distracted by Tf2 halloween event
^
Video Games are fucking amazing
Aye
infernap12: the same feeling before season 2. I'm just assuming they'll do a good job again :$
i wonder if megaman collection is on the PSN
Bronysith: Didn't they sell it for the Gamecube and Ps2?
wait are spoilers aloud in here?
i mean Megaman X collection
infernap12: no.
lolno
Bronysith: we got the first megaman on the 3DS network
meh
Megaman X is better
infernap12: Saying "yay! I can't wait for S3" is fine, but yeah, spoilers are a no-no.
spoilers now allowed
not
not allowed
ah ok, ill keep my mouth shut then
Who put that w there
Bronysith: eeeh, I have a biase against "after the end of the world" stories, unless it's a plot twist
/me kills typo demon
spoilers are an instant permaban
Bronysith: the Snes games though are godly
I just prefer classic Megaman
I have both Megaman and Megaman X collections for GameCube
Chrysalis: thank god i asked then
I like both, personally...
Gold_Demona: lucky, i lost mine ages ago D:
infernap12: if you're not sure, go read the rules or ask :)
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Animation: Equus Magi Fluttershy☆Magica OP
ads >: and :'o?
Gold_Demona: I only played the first two X games, but I don't really like the Z games :|
Hi, Good morning everyone
MadSurge: Never messed with Z.
Hey TheGreatAndPowerfulT!
The only "megaman" related game I've ever beaten is The Misadventures of Tronn Bonne. :P
Ohai TheGreatAndPowerfulT :)
Hiyo TheGreatAndPowerfulT
Gold_Demona: bosses are way too powerful and the game has a weird way to handle saves and lifes :|
O.o
Hm, who be streamin
Domoo
D'awwww FlutterMagika :D
Ah.
Hello LadyCanary :$
-waves- :3 and yes <3
Domo: <3333
Hi :3
Allthough that ending oAo
LadyCanary: Hiii!
>w<
Egoraptor <3
OH MY GOD YES
I love Sapphire/Ruby/Emerald's music <3
why did rarity have no head
Hi LadyCanary
Because she's Mami
I'd assume it was a parody of the Madoka opening.
LadyCanary: Yep
Why I get no Hi's? :'(
Ohai Major!
Harro Major~
Howsit?
Also, for those who have played Ruby/Sapphire/Emerald, anyone remember Pike Queen Lucy?
yup
Gotta take my bro out, see you later
Bye MadSurge :)
Major: hello attention whore
08,01Bronysith: pot calling kettle
08,01<3
eeyup.
Take care MadSurge!
bye MadSurge
Hello everpony~
08,01i just woke up from a really weird dream
How weird was it, seriously?
hai ASoftFluffyThing
Kinda worried to ask what it's about o_o
Ohh..?
Anyone here live around Flordia?
no
(I like Kururu...but now this song is getting annoying >w>;; )
Hai TheGreatAndPowerfulT
...You like Sgt Frog, Domo?! :D
LadyCanary: Yes :3
08,01i'm not gonna talk about it in here
08,01it involved... unsavoury maters
08,01*matters
08,01Serenity: not the good kind
08,01the horrific kind
Getting your town raided by a bunch of people for no discernable reason?
Bronysith Hi hunny <3
test
so
anyone here ever play the original fallouts?
or New Vegas?
I played 3 and new vegas
Colt_Brovakiin: which you like better?
to me, i think new vegas is the better overall game
Hmm maybe new vegas as it had better features and DLC and what not
Colt_Brovakiin: /)
Bronysith: (\ :3
Sgt. Frog? LOVE that stupid frog :D
Serenity: I was half way through typing that :D
sup everypony
frog is one of the best characters in Chrono Trigger thats for sure
Satun ooooookkkkkkaaayyy.......
Ohai Moopy :)
ohai
um wat?
Colt_Brovakiin: mm.
Bronysith: Autokick.
Ask otakon when he comes on if you want to know more.
Kammerjunk: but i didnt type in here for a while, and then didnt even message
Exactly. otakon should know.
And if nothing else, the poor git can rest knowing someone else has felt his pain.
08,01Bronysith: there's sometimes a lag delay which confuses kickscripts
08,01that is, the server sends a whole load of messages to the client in a burst, because there's lag
08,01so the kick script thinks that someone's posted a lot in a short amount of time
hi again
Paspie: Resaluta.
08,01that's obviously what happened here, looking at the times of your messages, and the delay between your last one and the kick
Hello............sorry if i left earlier last night, i had to leave because of my mom
08,01Dark92Enigma: kinky
/me 08,01runs
I was hearing on the radio this morning about the worst storm in 100 years hitting Flordia soon
oh
They said the last storm this powerful was from 1912
08,01Kammerjunk: and we keep trolling him too
08,01and he talks a lot
Its a pretty scary thought..
Ha, figures.
08,01well, at least, i troll him
I think dari might too.
08,01it's how i show my affection.
is that the pokemon song or
Ohai Dark92Enigma and Paspie
:D
It's Pokemon xD
But do you guys have any song requests? I'm starting to get sick of my playlist xD
08,01Dark92Enigma: of course, that's what i meant
08,01SHIZU!
13where
08,01>.>
Shizuuu ouo~
13where
08,01have a cats: http://i.imgur.com/8O37S.jpg
ew
ok
aw man i have to leave soon
wont be back till sunday :'(
I seriously need to get more into baldurs gate
but games havent excited me much anymore besides the games from my childhood
oh great, most overrated song of season 2 :D
I love this song
SHIZU
Shizu Shizu \:3/
Chrysalis: NOOOOOOOOOOOO
Chrysalis: probably same here
13canary canary <3
Headign to my parents for the weekend
13i found a you yesterday in minecraft :3
LIghtIRC is really derping up today. .-.
lawl
Oh, netsplits.
Domo: can it be any song as long its appropriate?
thats not that bad of a split
Could be worse.
Snow: Of course!
k will look for one
00,10they net split her then they are gonna net split me OOOOOOOOH MYYYYYYYY GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
o u
00,10also yay uninstall theme
c:
Domo: try Two steppes from hell - Archangel
steps*
PROBABLY*
Shizuka welcome back to the wonderful world of madness :)
Mine, ALL MINE! Muhahahahahaha :D
this isn't madness, this place isn't even close to madness
:O You did, Shizu?!
Bronysith: No....THIS
IS
/me loads a revolver
SPARTA!!!!!!!!!!!
Dark92Enigma: throat or earhole
Bronysith: there's no third choice?
throat
lolol
13LadyCanary`: and if you scatter seeds around, they fly down and hop on your head :3
Gold_Demona: so what exactly didnt you like about final fantasy 8? i want to know
/me shoots Bronysith for shooting Dark92Enigma
Serenity: note i didnt shoot him yet
FOILED *explodes*
dumbass
Turning off stream real quick, brb guys
Domo: try Two steps from hell - Archangel, its pretty epic
and ok!
Bronysith1: I just found it boring. I didn't find the story very interesting. Squall as a character felt kinda "meh". He got better towards the end of the game, but I still wan't overly impressed with him.
=D
Gold_Demona: yea, i don't like him. at least cloud was somewhat awesome
Bronysith1: Yeah, agreed
inb4 stream getting 20% more epic when domo returns
dat skype
Gold_Demona: but Terra is still better :D
Bronysith1: Yes, Terra is awesome
she isnt an emo bitch
Dark92Enigma: not appropriate for chat
Domo, I has a request! If you can, could you play IFantasy by SeeU? .///.
Kurra GO HOME
OH GOD THIS SONG TT_TT I just realized the anime it's from.
personally, i think chrono trigger is the best RPG ever
It's from Bokurano, right?
My net split is really bad ;_;
...Moother of god.
That's...UNCANNY
Hey guyys :D
LadyCanary`: That song <3333 Ok!
Okay then ^^
okay, who else checked the chat to see who pinged them XD
holy shit theres alot of lag in chat today
damn that was werid
Holy jeesus
The netsplits return.
delicious bag
WE NEED MORE INSANITY
this epicness, it makes me happy
where is sumica when you need him?
00,10need me for what?
/me staples a bannana to Sumica s shin
that
you evil icantsaythiswordorelseigetyelledat
Domo, can you play Danny-S vs. TAITO - Rainbow (Mondo Remix) please?
ASoftFluffyThing: Sure!
>.< everytime i hear that i check my own skype
xD; sorry
nah its ok
x3 ok
00,10some sounds should not be made by a vocoloide
00,10this kinda reminds me to the end theme to rebuild of eva
rebuild <3
Another split?
inb4 wall of backstory
FUCKIGN SPLITS
Backstory for pic: Riversong and Topaz are related ouo their cousins. And Riversong usually brought lil Topaz to his band practices and Topaz would march beside him and adorableness.
not that much of a wall ouo~
anyway, your better at pony drawing then me, or using better programs
<--uses paint.net
/me should really get to drawing for the Nightmare Night contest >.>
Fav boss battles of gaming
Snow: oAo fffff im not good x__x;
57 people?
Daaaaayum
Mother of all that's holy and delicious!
IMPOSSIBLE!
oAo
i cant even draw their heads so yeah...
ff >:
It sure is quiet for Friday, even on a school day
test
everyone is better then me (i hate my perfectionisme)
test recieved Ponies47
Ponies47, test~
My art sucks. That's why I use bases :$
the best i can do is....
I use paper and pencil then scan it in.
-_- recoloring
I normally don't bother with going over it.
i can draw almost everything
exept ponies ;_:
Does anyone here know anything about editing animated gifs?
why are there so many netsplits
Wut about it Dema?
I've tried to draw ponies I suck. I needs pratice :/
Lol at the chat in the stream.
That's like looking in the past.
And the netsplits return
Cheeus Crust....
really?
Jmo: I'm trying to put a bunch of them together into a sequence cuz they're supposed to be all one animation, but it's separated into multiple files.
What's wrong with the chat?
well if anyone can ping me the name of that awesome song... pl0x
Basically I want to make the multiple gifs into one long one.
hrm
hellau
Toepaws, which song?
the one that just played on stream
Not sure, shouldn't be doing that o.o
All the tutorials I'm finding teach how to put all the gifs in one frame and not one sequence
Toepaws: Danny-S vs. TAITO - Rainbow (Mondo Remix)
thank you! :D
i am
the great mighty poo
You're welcome, Kurra
I REALLY should get going...
Got glasses to buy and costumes to try on
youtube seems broken
speaking of costumes >.>
I think the Internet is broken today
they hurt alot when you make them yourself
tumblr is down, youtube is semi weird....
Tumblr down is THE.WORST.POSSIBLE.THING
FA is going to go down in the next few days because of where it's hosted XD
Must be the CMC.
Yes. I am very busy at work. http://www.skyhighhobby.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/02/paper-airplane.png
i lolled
Snow: Nooo not Tumnblr! I have shit to reblog and watever
>.>
I used a piece of paper with the words Windows 98 on it
The Pap.Plane.Mk.Win98 is a beast.
Kurra: FA?
Face....
FurAffinity
Fur affinity
OH
Should i say NOOOOOOOOO
ew.
because i've never visitied that page
Stereotyping is fun.
Getting paid to make paper airplanes.
Must be the life.
who is drawring?
Domo is drawing~
^ c:
in wich that pony fursuit im making has cost me 3 burn wounds
yay :)
Poor furries. misunderstood thanks to a minority that gets way to much attention
I am afraid that will happen to this fandom
But in the mean time I will enjoy it
would you give a fuck if it happened?
I'll take you down with me barb.
/me slaps Jmo around a bit with a large trout
Morning!
Pondooo
artist: what?
o/
Hey Panda!
/me glomps Panda
PANDA!
Jmo he stol your trout.
snow :3
SHIT!
if people misunderstood us
I need to auto register my name.
would you care?
Teh!!!!!!!!!!
artist: they already do.
excacly
Panda-! :D
Hiyo Panda-
DEMONA!!!
/me glomps Gold_Demona
:D
artist: only thing that did was making some people too scared to tell others
/me is glomped
And all I got was a fish slap.
Go figure
artist well in the case of what happened to furries then yes. If some one was to automatically assume that I liked to look at r34 pony just becuase I am say I am a brony I would have an issue with it. There would be many misconceptions just becuase of that alone
/me Huggles Panda-
/me Glomps Jmo
Aww Snow.
And that would effectively kill the fandom for a lot of people
Ohai Panda- :)
/me huggles Ponies47
brb
Barb|MaskedZombie: exstremists always attract the most attention, its the same with any group
Colt_Brovakiin o/
people are judging way to much, makes me angry!
Oh god
i know that alot of people from my school are going as Slender man
He's here
artist: Why do you even care?
for halloween that is
Who's here Jmo?
You.
because i can Malavolent
:)
I need a rope and a chair. ;~;
artist: And you're just hurting yourself.
/me glomps Panda- :3
/me hugs Jmo :)
Jmo: Kinky.
Jmo: for what may i ask?
AHAHAHAHA
huh? wut u sayn maluvnt?
08,01you know what i want?
08,01a nice, hot, itallian guy
Malavolent wins my respect for tonight.
That was too good.
twilight_sprinkle: Oh I know, but that is not what I am argueing. In its current state Brony fandom is awesome. People tend to think positive things, and are generally happy to be called a brony. But if the "extremists" where to be considered "normal" for who a brony is, then it could ruin what we have worked hard to become.
artist: Being mad at something you can't change is waste of time.
A postive force on this world that has done a lot of great things for music, charity, and peoples lives
Jmo: I'm not even kidding 6_9
Yes. I would say this is very important to me.
Y so cereal Barb.
Because he can be? :3
Barb|MaskedZombie: they are already judging us because of the dark side of the fandom.
Jmo not sure.
Malavolent: i dont DO anything, i just dislike it, and it makes me abit sad and angry seeing judgedy, ignorenty people
Barb|MaskedZombie: well at the same time, even the "normal" part ofthe bronies is far from perfect
For Furries or Bronies?
both
Quick, everyone, flail your arms around and scream in anger.
08,01Brony Extremists: Friendship is Mandatory
lol
Domo: Kawaii <3
artist: Well, yeah, but people don't change so easily, might as well don't care about it.
Chat is getting srs bsns.
Snow: >w< Thank you~
I'm sorry =(
I don't mean to.
08,01Barb|MaskedZombie: you should come to BUCK
Jmo: What's wrong with srs bsns? :3
I dun even know where it came from.
You do so, liaaaar.
Because LadyCanary` knows I like SGT Frog >w>
08,01we have a great atmosphere there
srs bsns is no fun
that's wut.
Everyone.
I want it so bad. You have no idea.
=P
Everyone! do the hussle!
08,01Malavolent: 30th August - 1st September
08,01http://bronyuk.org
Damn, too bad.
*ahem*
DAAAAAAAM YOU SCHOOOOOOOOOL!
didnt know it was a brony thingy in the UK
>_>
i might take a plane there :P
Jmo: you were hiding something?
08,01artist: some idiot put me in charge of it
mebbe.
Domo: What is it and in how many ways it can kill me?
*holds Jmo down* TELL ME!
naaa
08,01i'm that idiot, which is proof in and of itself of my unsuitability for the role
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Spotlight Music: Aoshi - SECURITY// DasDeer - Evil United // Varia - The Headless Horse //
Malavolent: she is a keronian and this keronian is harmless...but she can freeze you with ice.
I'm good thanks.
/me pats Snow
Domo: Wow, srs bsns.
laggy chat >>;
08,01artist: party.
08,01hard.
anything else....?
artist: REAL. PARTY. CANNON.
Malavolent: Yus oAo
/me fires basscanon at Jmo
08,01artist: it's true; we had a party canon last year
Tis now canon.
08,015, in fact
Bwahahaha
so why were there so many net splits
thats awesome, i want one!
But seriously though. I would love to go to BUCK. I should start a savings to make the trip.
chat y u lag ;;
english is not my main language, leave me be with grammar errors D:
08,01do eeet!
/me hugs Snow
08,01do eeet!
I had to restart chat lol
08,01i shall hug you
Domo: you didn't miss anything
I saw what you guys said though thanks to stream XD
Lunch time.
jaymoo? hugging? he mustve concealed a knife somewhere
MadSurge: Ah oki :U
Wouldn't mind going myself, but Aussie to UK is expensive.
cant help it that dutch is my main language :S
THE HORROR.
/me huggles Jmo and smothers him with wub
guess what jaymoo
hai, Panda-!
Sylandest!!!!
Wut pondoo
/me snuggles Sylandest
Panda-: :)
im bored Z.z
Hey Panda- :)
Hey domo sense your streaming still how come you don't have this: @
/me snuggles Panda- back
/me tackels Panda
I've finally ready 100 fuckin watchers \:3/
WOO HOO!
DOGGIE PILE
WOOOO
13hey it's snoo
snoo snoo?
I'll maybe get to the UK next year, but it won't be in September.
snoo?
100 watchers celebrate picture?
D:
13oh, hair..
Moopy: she is an artiiiiist~
13snoo is the reddit alien
oh sorry
Hello Shizuka! >3
Moopy: I'm not a mod, I only stream :U
<3
Jmo well... I am doing a b day present for Sumi-Chan atm.
I get the + sign
ok
13keep your plus hat on ><
Ahh
:'D -hugs the plus hat-
00,10ooooh~?
13sumica birthday?
chatception :o
13why didn't you tell us
:O
I DID!
wait
you were sleep
which is why I want Sumica 's pony sona >:U i wanna draw something for you >:
I realy regret using hot glue instead of thread...
*ahem*
panda!
Shizuka: Cause your a terrible friend for not remembering.
/me grabs a microphone
13he never told me his birthday .-.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SUMICA.... AGAIN!!!!!!!!!
Shizuka: Terrible.....
Jmo: You have a dA? :3
Damn Sumica, happy birthday!
Happy belated birthday Sumica?
13and skype won't alert me about it :<
Its today guys...
Yeah I do
Why .-.
Happy birthday Sumica!
Shizuka: The burning you feel, It is shaaamme....
13add to our mile long topic :3
ah, scratch the belated part then :x
He's running for my dA
Yeah happy birthday sumica
sonova.
Happy birtday Sumica :)
13Mega_Milk: no the burning i feel is my pizza overcooking... brb
Welp, happy birthday, Sumi.
I said it once, I'll say it twice, Happy birthday Sumica~
Jmo: May I see it? :3
happy birthday to you! lalalalala
Oh, happy birthday, Sumica!
DAT SUMIPONY
Shizuka: -lawl
Everyone please glomp him and show him ULTRA wubs on this day :3
Happy Birthday, Sumica. :)
Panda-: :D
shoob bee doo shoop shoop bie doo!
/me dogpiles Sumica
00,10So many pings
Only got a few pieces of work on there Ayejay.
13okay not really, i carefully time my cooking
ping Sumica ping
Jmo: Still, may I see it? :3
/me joins in on the dogpile :D
Panda-: wut is ur DA?
/me joins too
/me jumps on AJIsAwesome :3 "Yaay dogpile!"
;3
*:3
:D
Hows it going dudes?
panda why u no asnwer?
PONDOO Y U NO ANSR
pondoo!
WUT :D
translation
Dam et Pondoo
Whose birthday is it?
Answer Joomay
Chav.
pls.
Hey Socks!
U r kool
Socks: Sumica.
translation: Sumica
artist ^^ forgive me :)
Eye'm not kewl
Happy birthday Sumica!
happy b-day Sumica! Oh god, im so late to it
artist you want me DA?
dolan fogive u, an ys
OH GOD
why dolan!?
08,01i am evil
08,01http://imgur.com/a/7c0oV
You know :/ I feel like a stalker. I said Happy b day to Sumica like a minute after it happened XD
08,01now you want cake.
/me goed to kitchen to get some cake
>green cake
brb
OH GOD THIS SONG
All that frosting...
Hardly look appetising. :P
Makes me want to be sick.
DABI
Doesn't help it is green.
fook u sturn, wy u mke dolan hngry?
Ohai jaymoo
13hm
U da sexay <3
13what flavor is it
Grass?
:P
08,01Shizuka: cake flavour.
13cake is not its own flavor :<
PIEFLAVOR
13cake is a texture
08,01i have no idea
wow, so many mods on now, its a new record for me o.o
colourfull chat today :3
08,01apparently, it's an "Ombre Cake"
13cake is the view and controller, what is the model
Domo: the anime from which this song comes is even more depressing than Madoka :'(
08,01i've no idea what that is
the chat suddenly became more colorfull
yes! we enjoy this!
Last time I ate a green cake...
It was naaaaaaaaaasty
Hmm?
MadSurge: I've heard of this anime oAo is it really that sad? D:
13because it was made of green eggs
Just got pinged
13and ham
MadSurge: what anime?
I do not like green eggs and ham
Bokurano
Yes you do
Don't lie, Dari
13oo uninstall
Domo: soul crushing :'(
13domo domo play something from haibane :3
Snow: Bokurano
how many eps?
Who's streaming?
Shizuka: oki oAo after this~
Snow: dunno
Hmm
13<3
That's odd
08,01i would not, should not eat that mass, i would not, could not in my-- uh
I think it was 12 eps?
Oh, I, frequently think every now and then, of the glorious food of the noble hen~
Domo is streaming, Socks.
Happy birthday Sumica :p
so Panda- wut ur DA?
I'm getting pinged every time someone else gets pinged
k thank
*thanks
AJIsAwesome! :$
ok, think im going to check this anime then
13i've only made it through once
Eggs! Eggs! E-double G-S Eggs!~
happy birthdat Sumica
MadSurge! :$
Snow: be careful
/me throws eggs at AJIsAwesome :3
Any plans on what the films will be tommorow?
brb
/me noms the eggs :3
MadSurge why?
:D
Shizuka, that would be nice.
Snow: it's VERY sad
Domo: Who you drawing? Or is it suprise?
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1351271479884.jpg dat backpack
13Serenity: http://www.bronystate.net/newsletter/
Socks: Something for Sumica ouo~
Thanks, Shizuka
Ooh!
test
13uh oh
Tom is mad.
:D
13berrypunch is off the wagon again
Bronysith: Best backpack ever!
O__o
sudden kick :|
13haibane renmei
Heh, that's wierd
13giving new meaning to shouting FREE BIRD! at a concert :3
Ponies47: A+!
...That feel when you think you've heard this song.
BerryPunch? Should be called BerryKick.
DO HO hooi'm a terrible person.
it sounds familiar oAo Shizu have you streamed this song
isn't that the robot thing
00,10it's all in the miond
13probably
00,10mind*
Okay, IRCc is REALLY bugged
13if i ever threw my morrowind or oblivion archives into winamp it probably came up
MadSurge: call me a bad person but even the saddest thing doesnt make me cry.
Just got kicked for floodspam, though I haven't said anything for the past minute :S
Snow: Yeah, me too
13Serenity: the network is being screwy, delivering messages very late
00,10all the irc lag is confuseing the scripts
13confuses our autokick bot
Serenity: same
the lag must be from da hurracane
Ahh, so the server farted, basically
http://internettrafficreport.com/ reports the US at 63%.
So... Is anyone taking part in Movember?
00,10ah you found the madmax image.
Seriously Domo: you.are.AMAZING
me Socks
Yay Kurra!
Snow: >w<; Thank you ;u;~
08,01so remmember what peter jackson used to look like? http://www.ascreennearyou.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2009/08/Peter_Jackson_holding_an_Oscar.jpg
MFW playing Shadow of the colossus http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1351264377694.jpg
hey
08,01this is how he looks now: http://static.nme.com/images/gallery/PeterJacksonPA270111.jpg
and its going to do that at night when it starts to pick up
Domo you are kirkin' good :)
Dayum son
He's done good.
I just got kicked, sorry if I was bad :'(
Bronysith: Don't we ALL make that face when we play that game? :D
Socks: not your fault, internet is collapsing
Kurra: xD thank you owo?~
08,01he's sexy now!
Socks: Don't worry. Apparently, serverside issues. We got booted a min ago
Ok
/me 08,01should lose weight
guys i think the mayas were a little bit right, this year is the year there will come an end
isses you drawring a blinking fluttarshay? Domo
to internet.
Snow: :D
Snow: It will take war.
artist: Nope, Sumica ouo
do i hear Knight of a Foreign Country ?
ouo?
Ooh I can see my name on the stream :P
good for you!
:D
i guess we have internet till december 21th
hi everyone!
and then it will die D:
<_<
Moopy: British, mate.
me too Moopy D:
Hey Alchemist
bai all, see ya!
eeyup
Sumistream?
Bye Kurra
nope
just letting everypony a heads up about it
Domo's stream
Ohai Alchemist :)
inb4 ping
Hi Colt_Brovakiin
Bye Kurra :)
yep it was Knight of a Foreign Country i love that soundtrack
ping Snow ping!
Snow!
:3
08,01MadSurge: yes!
08,01MadSurge: i've had quite a few people requesting i stream it
Colt_Brovakiin-sama~!
Ye gods. I wish I could draw like this.
^
/me glomps Colt_Brovakiin
/me huggles Snow :3
I wish I had a proper signature.
What's the piccy of Sumi?
I did some modelling for art GCSE but that's the closest I've gotten to acctual drawing.
I once hugged Snow IRL and got ill :D
:D
yeah, i do not like to be IRL hugged
cyber hugs are ok
Dont jump to conclusions people :D
No not you silly, a Snow man :P
/me hugs Snow irl
Snow. Question: Were you previously called Rain?
Snow: what?! hugs are great
^
Socks: :D
Sumica: your ponysona is the best in-joke of Bronystate :D
08,01wow
Serenity: no i di- i see what you did there
08,01there's the most beautiful sunset outside my house tonight
could anyone tell me what pans labyrinth is about?
/me pokes Jmo
08,01sky is utterly clear
MadSurge: *psst* what's the in joke?
TUMBLR
:P
Yeah!
/me 08,01might go out observing tonight
artist: not really, i just dont like them, never did.
08,01AJIsAwesome: i don't have a camera
Now I just have to wait for content.
:(
Socks: Wrek drew Sumi's ponysona as a mare for fun :D
Snow: but you like kiiiisses right? kiiiisses
Ah! k :P
artist: maybe >_>
08,01Alchemist: phone's not charged
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1351242853956.jpg dat face
okay then
Snow: I'm being serious
Can I say Cladun's music is best music without getting mauled?
cause i love it ;w;
There used to be someone here called Rain
Domo: Sure. :)
Music from Lufia 2 is also good Domo, you should check the sinestral boss theme
o.o
Domo: Beatles are good :s
Lufia? that sounds familiar. Oki ouo
Serenity: Cannot go wrong with the Beatles x3
<3
Lufia 2: an old game for the SNES
Snow: Never heard of a new game for the SNES
>:3
my back hurts so much :[
The funniest thing I have ever thought in an unironic way is when I was eating a cupcake and feeling depressed and I thought "Chocolate tastes good, BUT IT DOESN'T TASTE OF HUGS! :'(" True Story bro :P
Noooooo Tumblr broke again! D:
Yep.
:
Socks: Wierd, just finished nomming a cupcake
:<
:<
hi Cades
:>
Socks: Hugs only make me crankey D:
i eat hugs daily
idk how you spell that.
/me reaches into Serenity's stomach and re-noms on cupcake
/me hugs Snow
CRAAAANKEY
tastes like chitt to be honest
/me stabs Socks
Cranky, close.
Hey that's my thing!
:D
Snow is a cranky doodle donkey
/me looks for Coldays
damn he's not here
remember
this was from the 90's
dont judge it
Snow: SNES's period was the 90's
No homo
My meds wore off and my ear is owie again :'(
I ate tumblr. ;_;
alot of homo Serenity
MadSurge: How about you nom more pillz
/me hugs MadSurge :)
Damn these animated gifs... Why can't I just edit you like regular video?! ;^;
Serenity: getting some after dinner
nostalgia
and now Asuka thread<3
Gold_Demona: You can. Convert the gif to video, edit, then convert it back
I was arrested the other day, I was playing chess in the middle of the street, I complained to the cop "It's because I'm black isn't it"
remember that first boss
Serenity: And retain the transparent background?
Gold_Demona: Unless the video is epic quality; good point
that boss was optional, you COULD beat him, but it was nearly impossible
hardcore burned pancakes
if you managed to beat him, you got a great sword
Serenity: It's a desktop pony
I'm going to be here, like, all 5 hours waiting
woah
ItsTheWubs: Same :D
who are they drawing?
And we have Sumipony!
Gold_Demona: OIC, no luck then, I'm afraid
waiting for movie night ItsTheWubs ?
:<
ha, yes
/me slaps AJIsAwesome
(Protip: I'm not actually afrraid)
/me slaps Jmo around a bit with a large trout
/me hugs Jmo :)
Shizuka: have some winter asuka http://imgur.com/s2GNh
although dad may kick me off his computer when he gets home :P
COSMIC.
i'm on his
I've got a sequence of gifs that I wanna combine into one, but I'm not having any luck finding a way to do that. T^T
Gold_Demona :3 because that would make it too easy!
this really gives me the urge to play this game again.
Jmo: What's wrong with "Cosmic"? :3
NOTHING.
Yay! :3
THEY SHOULD SHOW FRIENDSHIP IS WITCHCRAFT EPISODES
Gold_Demona, get a GI compiler.
gif*
/me ItsTheWubs you in the UK? You don't have to answer, just wondering.
Pondoo get a lyf.
:>
whats up
naw, USA
:<
Panda: Do you recommend any in particular?
Strange
give me your friendchips!
:/
I'm a Brit :]
Ah, dinner
Brb
first day on THIS site
Jmo ^^ I has one. its full of art, school and smex!
and excited
Cuz I haven't found anything that works with already existing gifs
/me high fives Serenity
LOL
Hi
good for you ItsTheWubs
This DINNER is what ALL true warriors strive for!
Gold_Demona no I dont :/ sorry.
artist: f you i do what i want *spiderman.jpg*
thanks
/me highfive's Socks, then realises he has no hands, just hooves
^ :D
we had the halloween parade at school today
Welcome to Bronystate, ItsTheWubs. Make sure to read the rules and FAQ. :)
GIF compilers usually take still images and makes gif sequences out of them. The gifs I have are already animated.
and guess who I was?
High fffffffffffffffffuck..
ItsTheWubs: Who?
ItsTheWubs: I remember being you once, it was a long time last thursday :D
there is a picture of that
Was hearing about a major storm on the radio today
Back. So I missed out on some awesome snes music?
Gold_Demona you could use an image extractor and then plug them back into the compiler to create the image.
Welcome to Bronystate?
gif*
Some 100 year old storm
This is Browniestate.
gfdi
I'm being VinylScratch for halloween!
Barb|MaskedZombie: you missed some Lufia 2 music
Panda: Again, do you recommend one?
Jmo: OU
in your city?
ItsTheWubs: Win!
ItsTheWubs: Nice! :)
Its supposed to be like the worst storm in 100 years
massage my back! anyone!
I already made it
Gold_Demona: just use gimp
no, I heard its heading toward Flordia in the US
but my wig sucks
oh
Gold_Demona I need to look around again. I used it when I made a couple skins in Rainmeter >.< and I dont know where my external hard drive is.
shana: Gimp won't download on my computer for some reason
/me writes a message saying "Kick me" on artist's back.
Ohhh, Massage
I'm in the west coast of the US
One of my uncles lives there
I wonder if he's going to evacuate
my back STILL hurts, god dammit
/me reads kick as hug and hugs Domo :3
ItsTheWubs: nice! im making a costume myself too ^-^
FAVORITE BRONY SITE. GO!
It like starts downloading but then it stops and says "I'm done!" But it was only part way done. ¬_¬
I would be link for Halloween but 1. I have no party to go to and 2. I have no access to inordinate amounts of green cloth with which to make a silly hat and dress
hopefully nobody gets hurt
ItsTheWubs: This one.
Gold_Demona: well the mac version of gimp is pretty bad anyways
ItsTheWubs: This
Bronies? Where?
Yeah
Barb|MaskedZombie: ouo -hugs back-
Zambie hug
Der is no bronies 'ere
shana: I'm doing all this on a PC
africa Jmo
I <3 equestria daily
Been here a year and 2 months, no plans to leave just yet
Gold_Demona, well there is always photoshop elements... I could give you my unused serial for it.
Latias fan on Spyroforum also lives in Florida
What is this... Brony you speak of?
Oh boy here it comes.
Jmo, you're an idiot
I've been here for half a year. :D
Panda-: I have full Photoshop. What good would elements do?
lucky you
ah
ItsTheWubs: He's being sarcastic :P
Y so cereal wubs
lol
AJIsAwesome: Constantly
Panda-: I used photoshop to make these gifs. =/
Socks: No I haven't....... <_<
that y Jmo, remimds me of something
Lesson 1: This place is hella full of sarcasm
:D
Gold_Demona well, all the artists I knew that do gif work use elements >.>
y Snow
*thinks of an evil plan*
SNOW
JMO
You guys are lucky to have seen this show so long
Oh god.
KISS
NO
I just remembered now. FFF
I only discovered it this summer
^^^
when it got on netflix
I'm lucky this place is incorrupt
Panda-: I know how to make a gif. What I want to know is how to combine them into one sequence like you can with videos...
That's a good question, how long have people been on BronyState?
Panda: NOPE.AVI
Serenity: Same. :)
I hate to say, but it's the truth: 90% of bronies are mentally and criminally retarded
Aw I feel rejected.
bye
Gold_Demona >.> shit... I need to look around then :/
yyou brought it upon yourself Jmo
/me hugs Jmo :)
OMG TEENS REACT IN THE SIDEBAR
Panda-: Hope you have better luck than me...
did you see teens react to MLP?
Yep.
Serenity: 90% of everyone is mentally and crimminally retarded
Gold_Demona no need to fret ^^
Okay ladies and gentlement. Equip your pony hats!
CHARGE!!
Jmo: its not you, its me.
But I don't HAVE any pony hats. :<
Sturgeons law applys to people too
did you notice a fewepisodes later the HATER WAS WEARING A DASH SHIRT
I enjoyed bronies react to teens react to MLP.
:<
/me runs to nearest retail store to buy mlp fim merch
If all else fails I can take the original photoshop files I used to make the gifs and somehow organize all the frames (frame by frame) into the big long sequence I want.
He totally became a brony :P
But, we can work it out ;__;
Which is REALLY tedious
I thought dabi was your true love, Jmo? :P
Jmo: no im sorry, but it cant go any further...
Bronies react is awesome!
Who is the pony they're doing? is this ANOTHER FRICKIN SPOILER
the horror.
Ayejay, ima hurt you.
:D
"Fleshlight for best pony!" :P
Jmo: i have....another.
OMG BRONIES REACT <3
ItsTheWubs: They only saw the intro, which is the girliest bit. I'm presuming he gave it a chance and voila
Socks: .............
oic how it is
I love that seriesd
Watch Bronies react :D AJIsAwesome
*series
ItsTheWubs: Nope, it's a mod's OC.
Socks: I did. :D
cool
hey guys. who's drawing?
ItsTheWubs: It's Sumica's OC to be exact
Jmo: he is called....Rocky
I love Yaplap
Domo:.
Dark_Horst: Domo
you guys know yaplap?
Yep.
everybody knows yaplap
LOL
Who's yaplap?
00,10Death to yaplap
WHO DOESNT KNOW YAPLAP!?
/me doesn't know yaplap
:D
You're lucky Meanwhile isn't here.
What's all this yaplap?
oboi
Socks: a loud thing
Y Snow.
;__;
HE SCREAMS EVERY PONY SONG
*Ahem* What's yaplap?
like
AT THE GALA
IN THE GARDEN
BUISAHFOJD ONW
Dark_Horst: A little more specific?
00,10no
And sounds like Sumica doesn't like it :L
Sumica.... you dont like Yaplap?
I do have to say, I wish he would mix it up. Him yelling in every single video gets annoying.
So I guess yaplap is a "music" artist?
Socks: he sings pony songs. only he doesnt sing. he screams. loudly
"sounds" being a relative term, before some cleverdick decides to mention I can't hear hin
Cuz I've never heard of yaplap
lol
Ok
00,10I would proudly kickhim in the nuts till should i ever have the plesure of meeting him
Gold_Demona, you need to know him
Gold_Demona: He's basically a guy who yells stuff and can be known for being somewhat random.
and Sumica :/
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IeOYJO-jFGs
Oh yaplap is solrac!
looka dat tail. *sunglasses*
that's yaplap
I see
Youtube link during stream, jump him.
No video links during stream. :)
I'm going to see if I can find a link to it
Jmo: Why? :D
/me Jumps Jmo
Omai.
I smell blooooooddd!
ItsTheWubs: Oh yeah, should probably mention. Video links aren't allowd. Could you read the rules please? Eveyrthing will be there
Oh! It's THAT guy!
Jeebus, can't type
Yeah, I've heard of him
T'was un-expected.
It's all your fault, Jmo. ;~;
/me pats Snow
Good Ayejay.
00,10Please, no non image links dureing a stream ItsTheWubs.
The first two songs I listened to were hilarious, but after that it was annoying
^
glhf
oh :P
wow its huge
lol
:D
im probably gonna disconnect wen i go there. so brb
what does that mean
Friend: Oh you like ponies, I am disapoint
00,10bit excesive there Panda-
doesnt sound so bad
^^
LOl not bad
Me: YOU ARE NOT READY TO BECOME TRUE MAN!
:D
go where?
He's a mod here. :D
ItsTheWubs, hehe oh you will find out soon enough :3 he is one of the best mods ever!
00,10say his name one more time and he appears
Jupiter.
Mars.
ItsTheWubs: Back seat modding is strong with this chat sometimes. Its okay though XD
Mercury.
Gold_Demona: Let me amend the oh my, so "Ooohh maaiii"
Uranus.
lol sorry
PLuto.
lol
Earth.
Pluto isn't a planet >:3
Jmo: Who's anus?
Mercury.
unless hes real far from the coast
/me slaps Colt_Brovakiin
00,10and then chat went too far.
Neptune
oi Ayejay, already been said.
I feel bad for the planet pluto
:D
Colt_Brovakiin: ............
he deserves to be a planet
sorry :P
Pluto will always be the one and only planet in this solar system to me. <3
Colt_Brovakiin, I'm not going there.
http://www.easypolls.net/poll.html?p=5088407ce4b0749dcb51ccf5 Vote for us bronies :D
uh....
Colt_Brovakiin : uranus?
Oh god it's Anak again.
Did i start something D:
Panda-: I have no idea. :D
Oh lookie, a Link and run
sorry :3
00,10oh a hit and run linker
Mod's don't get any big_ups for being nice, it's their job.
:P
Your favourite, Sumica
00,10I love those
i voted julia
The good thing about being new is HAVING NO IDEA WHAT'S GOING ON
whatever :P
00,10I vote brick to the face
ItsTheWubs: Yep. Pretty much. You'll get used to it. :D
lol
TIME! Y U NO GO FASTER!?
Is Bob Dole an option?
that looks pretty big
ItsTheWubs: that feel man, i know
Can I vote for him?
...........
/me makes his text go a way that ItsTheWubs can not because he's new :P
I've been here a very very long time, and at times I still don't understand us
I vote bob dole.
I'm not a he-eee LOL
it's a girl :P
O_O
no
dun dun DUNNNNNNNNNNN
Yes
ItsTheWubs: its a meme!
Another girl!~ 8D
ItsTheWubs: deal with it D:
lol
Eww girls.
It's a pony!
/me glomps ItsTheWubs
Shush, Jmo. :D
Coooties
Calm your self Gold_Demona
WHat is a female?
he's like right on the coast :(
Jmo: got a problem with us girls?
^
Yep. Girl cooties.
I think he will evacuate
.....
Snow you're a girl!
Socks: Like a man, but some different body features and personalities
Yes, you can catch cooties on the interwebs
:>
Totally
/me stabs Snow
:P
/me hugs every dude in the room to spread her girl cooties
:D
Serenity: :D
Yeah it would probably be a good idea to get out of there
Why Dema.
Socks: yeah i guess, i checked this morning if i was one
/me hugs Gold_Demona even though he's male
Because I wub you Jmo
;__;
Daww :D
Favorite pony song. GO!
If you wubbed me, you'll get tumblr back online.
i have an idea!
:3
Don't have one.
Sumica: it seems like you have the most drawn oc here on bronystate
every girl, diggie pile on Jmo!
WAT.
doggie pile*
:D
Jmo: You silly. Girls don't know how to interwebs. I can't fix Tumblr.
:<
/me doggie piles on Jmo
hey Blako
Gold_Demona: At least your honest
00,10certenly seems that way
What did I do to deserve this fate.
LOL. Then you haven't met ME, Gold_Demona
lol
hi Cades
I smell Chili con carne downstairs
I want some curry nao
The only thing I can't find is stuff for my country report
I know I'm not the only female in the chat. It's just a little on the rare side. XD
I find it interesting that you're the only one who went with the plan.
I CAN however take the claim to being the only MARRIED girl in the chat. :D
DEMONA IS NOW RARITY
Gold_Demona: We have 2 or 3 female mods
Eyo
/me pats Snow
LOL
good evening :)
on the rare side :P
/me is Rarity... Not sure if like.
Hi, DaringDerpy. :)
Gold_Demona: not fair! im not allowed to marry yet ;_;
heya DaringDerpy
be*
No such things as girls on the internet.
08,01so, apparently, spending time with me is a punishment :(
Hey DaringDerpy
All lies and slunder.
08,01i didn't realise i was so repulsive
I don't know
let's hope not
yeah
damn this music sounds classy
Here's an idea, you should destroy them
Yeah. Who. Do you want it to look like an accident?
^^
DESTROY :[
waaaaaaait
Scottish?
08,01yup, i'm Scottish
You didn't he's scottish?
*know
cooler*
I'm Quarter Scottish :]
How to english Ayejay.
SCOTTLAND!
:<
Go back to school :P
;~;
08,01i'm half Scottish and live in a tiny village in Scotland
no, go back TO THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON
Land of the Scotch!
Socks: Wallace's monument?
/me hits Jmo with a semi giant Trout
you are talking about that storm that is going to be in florida?
08,01i have the best accent, though
Omai
I got slapped with a trout.
/me slaps Jmo around a bit with a large trout
13Sumica: his left side
That's the first place that comes to mind when someone mentions Wallace in Scotland
Pondoo, you aren't the same.
Jmo you really need to keep your supply of trout locked up
They are starting to use it against you.
13which includes the stomach
08,01Sumica: upper half. i konw this because certain parts of me are too small to be Scottish
13for all the drinking
08,01like my feet.
Meh. Trout for all, I r fishamen.
08,01Serenity: also, happy birthday!
Serenity: William Wallace... y'know he killed a lot of english people and get's a laughebly inaccurate film made about him.
13taaaaaaaaaaab faaaaaaaaaail
im 100% full dutch, wich isnt cool at all btw.
XD
08,01whoops
08,01Sumica: happy birthday!
I love the Dutch.
08,01DaringDerpy: you're exactly right
13irc needs an alarm feature for failing tabs
08,01i get all the stares
Jmo: how come?
08,01it's awesome
but Shizuka, how can you tell?
I can't believe I missed derp's bday
Snow: The dutch are cool. You make clocks right :P
happy birthday Sumica :)
Mega_Milk: Demoman? <_<
For their music cultural.
:>
I forgot to check equestria daily yesterday
13Panda-: just give it sentience, it'll be fine
Well, lets start the long list
How's the birthday boy been Sumica? :3
00,10So many happy birthdays ^_^
AJIsAwesome: Demoman.
08,01Mega_Milk: well, i'm half Indian, can't see without glasses, used to be an alcoholic, and make explosives as a hobby
08,01does that count?
Domo: How long have you been drawing for?
Make explosives as a hobby? Dayum
Happy birthday Sumica :3
:D
I'm Quarter Scottish, Quarter Irish, Eighth Australian, and 3 eighths English
Socks: ...I have not kept track. XDD
>.> Shizuka, you already have sentience. We dont need two higher intelegences here.
Happy Birthday to whoever deserves it :P
My ear hurts so much, I'm gonna start swearing any minute now :'(
They should show yaplap instead of drawing. just because the reactions would be hilarious
Snow, Music culture*
:| we do more then only clocks...
how2engrish
So I have a nice number of nationalities
ItsTheWubs: Nah, I prefer the art.
yup
I know
oi, le happy birthday, Sumi!
but have you seen chats during commercials
lol
MadSurge: Have you tried putting earphones in them, if they're burst ears?
Happy birthday Sumica!
HAPPY BIRTHADAY!
Dear MMmmmmm!~
Serenity: it's my eardrum :(
happy birthday Sumica
Sumica is apparently MMMMMmmmMMMM
:D
PONY BIRTHDAY. LIKE A BAWZ!
:3
MadSurge: Oh my, a tear?
Huh
c:
Birthday huh
manly tears have been shed
Sumica, you are welcome :3
Sumica you must change your name to MMMMM
So many birthdays today
Its my brothers birthday too
/me Gives Sumica a cake of whatever his favorite pony is
OMG!
He gets his new compy today.
I :OVE PARTY WITH PINKIE
dah heck?
/me birthday glomps Sumica
*sings* Once a year we celebrate with stupid hats and plastic plates the fact that you were able to make another trip around the sun!!~
Serenity: I dunno, it's really swollen and I feel like I have a marble in my ear
must've pressed wrong key
If I lived in Vegas, I'd steal his old one >:3
o_O
/me backstabs Sumica In a friendly way to celebrate his birthday
ItsTheWubs: It's the script for an emote.
Because El shitbox is in my cabinet,
*sings* Then the whole clan gathers round and gifts and presents do abound and we let out a joyful sound and sing that stupid song!!~
Ayejay pls
dnt lai
08,01Socks knows that the best way to a man's heart is through the 2nd and 3rd ribs.
I'm not, Jmo. :<
MadSurge: Probably infected at a guest
u r :<
*Sings* HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!~ And now you're one year olderrrr!!~
No, I'm not. ;~;
Jmo: music huh? one of the 100 singers here is good, the rest are making stupit dutch songs wich are most of the time about love or carnaval.
*sings* HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!~ Your life still isn't overrrrr!~
DAH DAH DHHDIOWHDIWJWHDIOPAU (the sound of dubstep)
00,10our pings will block out the sun.
LET'S CELEBRATE NOT DYING!
o.O
Or asking me to stab into them with a phaseblade
WOOOO!
*sings* HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!~ You did not accomplish much... But you didn't die this year. I guess that's good enough!!~
I see how it is ;__;
Jmo: See how what is?
Gold_Demona: I died 24 times this year.
Serenity: already taking meds, but tomorrow I'm going back to the ear doctor to monitor the situation
u ayejay
lol
???
MAKING DEES CAKES IS SUCH A CINCH
u lai nd nthin else
Oh, it's Mica's birthday? Ohhh mai... Happy Birthday ;)
?
CUPCAKES
Sumica: Congrats on another orbit of the sun!
Sumica: I will mail you a paper airplane. I will address it as this. "Sumica, Las Vegas, Nevada, 89142"
I wonder if it will get to you.
Jmo: you tried to make a compliment, but do some research next time :)
I was being serious Snow >.>
I can see it Domo
So... I know.
IKR
"Pumping to this song
Domo: Nice! XD
<3 THE SONG
Fist pumping or bottom pumping, Domo?
Question: who's drawing
Domo
Domo.
Fist pumping... xD
Domo
and me ouo
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Comic: Aj's Future / All Things Desu / Cheatlestia / Rainbow Stash
Domo is drawing
inb4 pings
somanypingsasdfasdfads
Needs more desu.
the pings need to desu xD that'd be awesome
please no Domo
Sumica, then we'll just *yay* in the shade.
UR AWESOME THEN DOMO
Serenity: I took some paracetamol now, seems to have made it a bit better c:
inb4 kawaii face
Domo: Can you customize your ping to desu, please? :D
Wow, I get up for one minute and the cat commandeers my pillow :c
AJIsAwesome: I wish I could XDD
gtg cya guys
AJIsAwesome: Not in LIRC, you can't
AJIsAwesome: no, ONII-CHAN :D
If you ever get the chance, please do. :D
is it just me or is the video much slower than what's actually happening
Dat Skype
.....
I really must know how to work an external IRC
MadSurge oniiiii-chaaan
the hell?
DESU
Does that say eat some babies and scoot up to bed....
ekips: yep :D
SO.MUCH.DESU
Gold_Demona, I NEED TUMBLR :<
NO. DO YAPLAP! YAPLAP!
Mega_Milk: It's 4chan, what do you think?
Me too Jmo! Me too! D:
I only saw nimu nimu nimu nimu nimu nimu nimu, and that was WTF as well.
Oh my god DaringDerpy
YES!!!!
That is adorable.
Kokorokokorokokorokokoro
THANK YOU
Domo: i applaud you, you made me fall out of my chair laughing.
:D
cyas
mute
^
XD
:)
:D
00,10and mute
ohno... o_o
Gah. dammit Alchmist
and that is enough of yaplap =w=
Hiya
Alchemist yep
angry mode activated
LOL
That lasted.
lol
awww
The caps lock of brony music
All da mute
WHYYYYYYYYYYYY
Serenity: what did I do?
yaplap is too much canterlot voice
Alchemist: You got in the way of my ^ =c
eeeyup
Oh well, I guess it worked anyway
I wanted to see that ad :(
This guy is awesome
insector gadget
inspector*
insector gadget?
INSECT GADGET :D
my fantasy is killing my sanity right now
ekips: Solve some puzzles
Hrm
omg what about rhett and link songs?
Domo: Move the webpage a little to the left please? ;]
Ah, this is nostalgic
ekips, in what way?
Serenity: All right ouo one second, need to stop the stream to do that x_x (FMLE >>)
..
>>*
RainbowAsh the worst way
the stream is much slower anyways
I never seen inspector gadget in my own language, only in german when I lived in switzerland.
SO
ive seen it in dutch
ekips, with acid???
For those who care, Tumblr is back up
Best pony song. GO
Alchemist: You're a Brit, aren't you?
so horrible dat voice acting.
Serenity: nope, hungarian.
TUMBLR BACK UP!? W00T!
cya
Hmm. okay. Got a wierd impression you were British
So it is.
Yay :>
RainbowAsh with horrible pictures, created by "insector gadget"
Serenity: but Im flatter that you think my english is good enough to be mistaken for a native language :D
and now count the grammatical errors in that sentence :D
Jmo, tumblr!
This thing does not like me >:
And then you make 2 typos :P
And now it's back up! :)
ekips, what could be so horrible about Inspector Gadget?
woah
Is that slender woman
So much for that
Robot Chicken loves to make fun of inspector gadget. i love that show.
Dat LittleKuriboh Slenderman :D
RainbowAsh Inspector Gadget on his own is not bad, but that typo that was made "Insector"
ouo and ahh xD
damm my typos D:
I carnt spel
I've never seen darkwing duck either, but now all i can think about when seeing it is sibsy :)
did you see SMOSH play slender?
it was hilarious
Domo: hey guuuuyyyyys~
Guys, every time we ping this guy, he switches to his paused Bronystate tab. If we want to SEE what he's streaming, don't talk to him.
Ello
I have not oAo~
and hello~
/me pokes ThePillowship
I can haz be on el stream?
lol
http://i.imgur.com/tHiIF.gif
Kandarihu: she, please :D
ekips, I would watch that series, I think
MadSurge, Oh, okay. Sorry
lol
/me sinks
Wut
D:
oh we're having a nostagila opening marathon
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suvpinrWMH4
4. HOURS.4O. 6. MINUTES. CAN'T. TAKE. IT. ANY. LONGER!
RainbowAsh me too...^^
RainbowAsh, he's more of a Maxx Headroom type AI. I don't even remember his name
I wonde what Pandora's Labyrinth will be like. :)
*wonder
:D
PUT ON THE GYPSY BARD
Oh buck yeah!
YES
I wanted to see that ad! >*
this show was awesome
^
This cartoon is a classic!
I actually never saw this show. :D
/me wake up to childhood,thank you who eber is streaming
AJIsAwesome: SHAME ON YOU
:$
GOSHT BUSTAHS!
There he is!
AJIsAwesome: What MadSurge said!
PUT ON THE GYPSY BARD
lol rr
:O READING RAINBOW
Where's Rainbow Dash? :D
ah you maen the ghost busters with the gorrila
READING RAINBOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
Kandarihu: The cartoon? Yep
/me Reads a rainbow
READING RAINBOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
/me Tastes the rainbow
Reading rainbowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww dash
Starring Geordi LeForge-- Er, I mean Lavarr Burton. :D
/me eats Ponies47's rainbow :3
wait wat
Desu
I wish we had this show too L(
Yeah, with the Gorilla!
:(
Colt_Brovakiin: Mah rainbow :<
sorry :3
:<
BILL NYE THE SCIENCE GUY!
Dat Bill Nye :3
CALL FOR SHIZU
HEEEY SEXY SCIENCE GUY
^
Cartoon network here. and not that retarded change they had
I'm a '97 laddie
wow thats what i come in on ThePillowship nice job ^_^
Oh God! XD
Bill Nye was Disney
:D
Did they close PBS down already? I thought that was something Romney wanted to after rose to power.
:D OMIGOD
I've seen this one
:3
IT FITS SO WELL
Guess who's back!
HEEEY SEXY SCIENCE GUY
Back again!
what did i just walk in on?
EYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
Domo: look for oppan goddam style
hello Bronystate :D
Socks: Shady's back
bill nye got his start of the back to the future animated series
Sock's back!
Hey BladedWings
back again
Gandalf style
Tell a friend!
/me pokes Snow
wb String_Shredder
oppa GOD
its a ytp
but I never left.
The only rendition of that song I've heard is the yugioh abridged cover :P
Kandarihu, ah, ok.
ill look for it
Domo: Oppan Gundam Style
hold on Domo
Is it just me, or is the stream a bit too, in the middle?
ok and :'o oki
*too much in the middle
:D
and it is :I and idk whats doing that x_x
Streamer: Do you know that the left side of the videos is missing?
We need some Led Zeppelin on the stream
/me Dances
"Lets see, I'm francis, he's bill, and THERE'S ZOMBIES OUT HERE OPEN THE GODDAMN DOOR"
>.>
In video related, dafuq?
Hi, BladedWings. :D
/me hugs AJIsAwesome while giggling "this is hilarious"
AAAAAADSSSDSSS!
:D
It sure is. :D
PLAY THE GYPSY BARD
And of course, Obama's supporters reinterpreted the whole thing as Romney wanting to kill Big Bird, which can't be further from the truth
You does not simply command the streamer to show something
:D
WUT
you must ask nicely. Like this
WUT :D
THE HECK :D
You broke the internet Snow
since i see political talk...how bout playing ERB Obama vs. Romney ^_^
What was I just watching?
what
Snow: You troll XD
xDDDD
brb
Look at the YTP links
i told ya it was a YTP
Ytp :D
Domo, could we have some Led Zeppelin on the stream?
The first one!
^
Dat dog face
^^
GAH
first one?
YES
YAY ADS
NOOO
Domo: Do you use Chrome and adblock?
Thanks, Domo!
ill look for a funny NON YTP one k Domo?
oh oh lets warch the ep of mythbusterd where they make a lead zepplin
i watch youtube for the ads
GO BACK I LIKE ADS :D
Jmo!
Domo: PINKIE PIE STYLE :3(the title of the video)
Wut!
led Zeppelin<3
x3
With caps :3
Led Motherfucking zeppelin
/me pokes Jmo. "Tumblr's back!"
Domo: THANK YOU
THAAAAAAAAANK YOU
awwww yea ^_^
I know! Snow said so! D:
Bronysith: Welcome~ xD
Oh, I missed it. Still trying to find a solution to my gif problem. ^^
dat mellotron part *faints*
:P
This is a very odd song.
EYYYYYYYYY SMXY PIANO
Also, every time I hear this song, I think of the one Yogpod where Simon read out the lyrics.
That dude's definatly stoned.
This is so much better than all that autotune 1 direction beiberesque gangam crap we have today
back
Stallion_of_War: :D
wb Ponies47
welcome back Ponies47 :)
PLAY SHUT UP AND DANCE PWEASE
Tanks BladedWings, Colt_Brovakiin
Hey! I like Gangnam Style :[
Be back later guys :
tanks where?
I hate it
it's the ONLY good autotune LOL
gangnam style should burn
Bye Socks
Gold_Demona: what gif problem
bye for now Socks
wait...
/me sings Gangnam style - "Auto marrow, sign-up pseud-arrow, you don't know (hey!) heybai don't know! (Hey!)"
SpeccyRush: I have a bunch of animated gifs that I want to put together into one long sequence...
10 MINUTE SONG
AJIsAwesome: http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/fae8067759046c10596c4bacebea044f.png :3
WUT >_>
Because they can.
SpeccyRush: But apparently I'm the only person in the universe that wants to do this with images that are already animated. T^T
MadSurge: nice pic mad
MadSurge: I love it. :D
1. Put on a shirt. 2. Put down the marajuana. 3. Sing something else.
:D
Gold_Demona: do you have any art program?
Stallion_of_War: SHUT UP.
Oh its Jar Jar Binks. He can sing good. trollface.jpg
Pondoo
SpeccyRush: Photoshop, but it doesn't handle gifs very well.
Laughter?
WELL, DO YOU REMEMBER LAUGHTER?
Hope you get well soon MadSurge. Seeya guys later.
:O
Photoshop HATES gifs, Gold_Demona
PINKIE DOES
Laughter? What is this laughter, thou speakest of?
Serenity: I noticed...
Domo, i sended you a link to a funny one, wich is safe, i pinkie promise.
:D
HavokOC: Stahp that
STAHP IT
Haha! Your princess enjoys this...laughter!
Lag? Ruining our Zeppelin? Nooooo!
I had no problem MAKING the gifs in Photoshop. But it won't let me do anything else with them. T^T
THE PINGS! THEY AREN'T PINGS FOR ME!
Broob plz
Oh noes, Dat double :O
/me chatception
:D
STREAMCEPTION
BWAAAAAAA
OMG
feels trippy
It is trippy
Well. It seems that I have a Vinyl Scratch up for adoption. Who wants it?
I DO
And that's why I love it
I DO I DO
http://inception.davepedu.com/
This is an alagory for what the lead singer is seeing right now.
Barb|MaskedZombie: i'll take it ^_^
there we go, the stream is better to some extent i hope?
GIMME THE SCRATCHY
/me throws Vinyl at BladedWings
:D
SpeccyRush BLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARN
ITS YOUR PROBLEM NOW SUCKER!!
Stream is not in the middle :D
/me runs awy
lawl
Barb pls
NOOOOOOOOO :'(
Chatception: TIME TRAVEL!
VINYL!
CHAT FROM TEH PAST!
GIMME DAH DJ. NOW.
woohoo *makes wubs with Vinyl* aaaaawwww yeeeea!
theres probably a formula for that chatception
I could be making wubs right now...:'(
twilight_sprinkle: y=mx+c
Dom, you wouldn't mind if I pinged you a video link(youtube)?
ItsTheWubs: i can share wubs ^_^
YEZZZZZZ!
BOWWWWWWWWWWWWITCHCHCHHCHCHHCHHWUBWUBWUBWUB
..wut
buffer lawl
Domo: We need Kickstart My Heart by Montley Crue or Shoot to Thrill by ACDC
I'm being Vinyl Scratch for halloween lol
=x= youtuuube and ok
Domo: Youtube has crashed
Reload the page
Eenope
I'm gonna log for the day. See y'all Sunday, Bronystate.
YAY!
Bye, Gold_Demona. :)
bye Gold_Demona
Tata, Gold_Demona
bye Gold_Demona
Cya Gold_Demona :3
Bye Gold_Demona :3
See you Sunday Gold_Demona :)
I. want. ponies. And. I. want. them. NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :[
ItsTheWubs: Did ya read the rules earlier? ;)
It's my money, and I want it now! :D
wut
ItsTheWubs: Then go to youtube. This bronystate not ponstate
^
i was like: why is the sound gone? i turned op the volume
lol
*ponystate
wich i regret now... D:
i was kidding
I imagine that Gordon Freeman has a Pandora channel in his head playing songs like Kickstart My Heart and Shoot to Thrill, much like The Master has the drums of war in his head.
>Went to bronystate
GAWSH
>Expected ponies
>Fail
"We don’t stream My Little Pony all day every day, because not all bronies want to see My Little Pony 24/7. We show FiM-related material plenty of times throughout the week. Bronystate’s main goal is to provide entertainment for all bronies. There are plenty of sites around that can satiate your desire for constant pony. We, however, feel that it is much more healthy and valuable to our viewers to provide a varying
>Went to Bronystate >expected cabbages
ItsTheWub: expect them nocember 10th
Not everyone wants ponies 24/7. :)
cabbages
Grr
>using greentext while outside of 4chan
november*
MY CABBAGES!!!!
I want ponies 24/7. And I don't mean G4.
Kammerjunk: G2?
G3.6.
Gahahaha
G2 was Earthville.
>.>
KammerJunk: no...you dont mean!? OH MY GOAWD
I can't wait for the 10th
G2 had no show
/me steals AJIsAwesome's cabbages :3
:O
AJIsAwesome: Perhaps not, but I would very much like to see a ponified version of The End of Time episode of Doctor Who
TIME. PLEASE. GO. FASTER.
:D sorry :3
MY CABAGGES! ;~;
awww
That's G3. G2 was the Earth Pony town with no actual villains except... BOYS.
MY CABBAGE CORP!
it's ok AJIsAwesome
Kammerjunk: WRONG
/me huggles AJIsAwesome "Sorry!"
WOOO!
THIS SONG!
It's okay. :D
YES
This is the song Gordon hears while killing Stryders.
domo. u is awesome
Theres a rollercoaster in Universal studios, you get to select your own song and this song was one of the choices
This song sounds familiar
it fit the rollercoaster perfectly
SpeccyRush: Alrighty, Luthor.
YEZ I'M READY
Domo: Mind me requesting fournon blondes after this ;}
Serenity: All right ouo
so much chatception
Serenity: hey! my link was first!
domo. u is awesome
Snow: Was it, sorry.
I not did knoed
Domo: i love your taste in music
its ok xD
Bronysith: This was my request :)
Also guys majority of these songs I have not heard of until now o~o so please send stuff that are safe for stream plz xD and lol <3 thanks :'D but yeha it was requests
yeah*
i'm the one that does nonstop anime >w>;
Kammerjunk: just sayin' g2 was just a toyline. what you're mostlikely thinking of is my litttle pony tales which was a spinoff that ran at the same time as g1, its part of g1
Shoot to Thrill by ACDC is epicsauce too
Domo: play the friendship is witchcraft videos
Domo are you taking requests?
http://www.memecreator.org/meme/lag-zeppelin-stairway-to-buffer
/me years went by, and I say, we kicked some plot...
Domo: ive sended you oppan heavy style, its only 32 secs long and safe to watch
alexm: Yep :U and ok--THESE PRIVATE IMS XD
Today I noticed there already is a Littlest Pet Shop game for the Wii. Why are there still no (respectable) official pony games out there?
String_Shredder: Teh link is taking a long time to load...
buffer to buffer
Let's take it easy with the requests though, guys. I'm pretty sure that she wants to work on her art.
RainbowAsh: Official MLP games would probably suck
ok wheres Ninjazz, he must seee this http://derpiboo.ru/133117
I just remembered I'm still wearing my costume :)
SpeccyRush: Me gusta
Serenity, maybe, but I'd still give them a try.
It streams forever.
SpeccyRush: I know Crimson would love it. :D
ok. ok guys xD I know you guys wanna be on stream but this private im stuff has got to--FFFF
/me twitches
lol
Good news! Your boxes are no longer falling through the floor!
do whap
Bad news! They instead bounce off the floor, gaining energy with each bounce so that they bounce successively higher...
Domo: PLEEEEASE DO THE FRIENDSHIP IS WITCHCRAFT VIDEOS
STAHP
They 'tis safe
Please if you play a game with a mod and he or she is streaming it BINGO your on the stream and don't do anything stupid.
stahp
ItsTheWubs: they arent even that good
lol I luv em
:D
Heavy Style!
it is a mediorcre abridged series
AAAAAAAAA SEXY PYRO
Exy pyro?
THE BUCK DID YOU JUST PLAY :D
"Sexy Pyro" :D
Wat! XD
Gangnam style is definetely the song of 2012
HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYEY
Opa soldier spottle?
So, do any of the Gangnam Fortress 2 videos include the Korean rapping parts?
inb4 somone makes a Gangnam Style with SFM
ASF PONY
/me dat plot
*ASDF
ASDF PONY
ASDF PONEH!
wot
YESH :D
MOUSTACHE?
ok.....wtf?
All of my WUT
WEIRD JAPANESE SHIT
MOUSTACHE? :D
Yus, dis pleases Havok
this is what im greeted with?§
this is worse than the las ketcup song
god this XD
And Touhou :D
Domo: please do my request soon
/me can't tell if normal for Japan, or acid trip...
08,01i moustache you a question
^THAT
all right xD but no pming plz ;w;
and xD
dat PUN
it pleases me
punedy pun pun
inb4 PW
Ooh, was that a bit of PW there?
DAT MIKU
brb guyz
Don't worry, the bad puns will eventually fuzz out.
Japan's view of Mexico: Moustaches. Moustaches everywhere.
Until then, just pay the mods lip service.
so.....wut music you guys laik?
Music by Obama
SpeccyRush: Alrighty, Lexy.
death metal.
Dat Bear :D
dat cactus
HavokOC: scmoyoho or something? XD
AIRMAN?! :D
Naah, Baracksdubs
CELL
Deserts grow japanese anime pplz?
Domo, play something from Baracksdubs :3
DAT CELL :D
Even Cell too?! :D
HavokOC: Ok oAo
Domo: See the link on the side - HEYAYAYAYAH.
We need some obama singing
I cant do all the requests at once guys~ x3
Do that
Do ALL the requests!
But seriously, let's take it easy with the requests.
ALLL
:D
YES
OBJECTION!!
Domo, well, you could. It would be a big mess, though
HOLD IT!
I want AA5.
yall are som demanding :D
:]
Snow: this is the cornered theme
/me points finger dramaticly
*so
TAKE THAT
RainbowAsh: xD
WHAT SAY YOU KNOW?!
Wait, bronystate has a skype group? <.<
Has anyone here actually played phoenix wright games?
/me smashes the heck out of his desk
Domo: ready for AA5
was that a bronystate skype group I just saw on the stream?
I can only do one more x_x someone else needs to stream soon
>.< PEOPLE STAHP PINGING, you make me think people love me :(
aartiest stahp
/me pings artist
i dont even think people in here played phoenix wright
artist, you are loved
/me pings artist
-clings to artist-
i did
oh artist, don't you know? You have to MAKE them love you
Bronysith: Mate, I've played them since the DS port
Which was 2005
Bronysith: blasphemy its a great series, how could no one here play ot
ok NullRadix lets see here.....everyone loves muffins right? MUFFINS TO EVERYONE!
Serenity: but they are for the DS
gtg bye
Bronysith: Phoenix wright was originally made for GBA back in 2001
11,02DAT CHO
SpeccyRush: cause people only know it for OBJECTION
twilight jenkins
But they weren't released here
IT EXSISTS?
Eyo NewSuperBronyU|Zzz :D
/me glomps NewSuperBronyU over a cliff
ohai NewSuperBronyU :D
Hey NewSuperBronyU
/me glomps NewSuperBronyU
I still need to get the PW games
A classic!
Socks: yes, yes you do
awesome guy
:P
im gonna yt that jenkins
Fallout new vegas>fallout 3
/me hugs Bronysith and Serenity back while falling over a cliff D:
Ohai NewSuperBronyU :3
11,02Hai :3
Why do you think the graphics of PW 1,2 and 3 sucked compared to GK and AJ?
Bronysith: what was your most favorite trial and most hated?
NewSuperBronyU: -headcling-
SpeccyRush: fav trial would probably be where edgeworth was accused of murder
Hey NewSuperBronyU moo :3
/me hugs the headclinging Domo back :3
11,02Ponies47: O.O Moooo
SpeccyRush: but i loved them all in the first one
SpeccyRush: Most hated was 2-3, favourite was probably 3-5
/me clings to NewSuperBronyU's legs and gives him a box of waffles
Domo is now headcrab
so....who here laikes wubstep? :3
Bronysith: Rise from the Ashes?
/me Huggles NewSuperBronyU like a plushie
SpeccyRush: oh god
/me hugs ThePillowship while nomming on the waffles :3c
/me noms on NewSuperBronyU
you shoke me all night long
artist, it's all right, I guess.
SpeccyRush: that was the most difficult one for sure
/me huggles back Ponies47 while squeeing
damn this guy is awesome
I WANT TO BE AN OOMPA LOOMPA, take me to them so the deed can be done.
Bronysith: care for a swim :S
/me is also nommed on D:
:D
I have a 2 day venture into italy tomorrow and need podcasts! Any suggestions?
Snow: The head is on backwards!
SpeccyRush: i loved the first phoenix wright game to death, and thats why im cosplaying as him for conventions from now on
11,02Socks: Super Mario Bros.
that guy's my hero
....
NewSuperBronyU: Are you getting WiiU release day?
Bronysith: got a good wig?
yo, VIP
i am loving this :D
Podcasts
Might get one when the prices drop
11,02Serenity: Yesh :3
Atm, 300 quid is quite extreme to me
11,02Gameplay streams are now in HD on my end which means HD Wii U gameplay streams \:D/
apache!
hello guys :) So how long until MLP episode is streamed?
great song
how to zoom out ;u;?
NewSuperBronyU: YAY!
Malmortius: next year since you asked now
thanks for ruining for everyone
hahahahaha Bronysith dat looks ridiculous
Hey Malmortius 14 days
Bronysith: you musta linked that yesterday, cause thats what i was thinking of
NewSuperBronyU: Well, I already know WiiU is 1080P
Malmortius, I guess around 6 hours
But does it NEED HDMI tellies?
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire, Part 1" airs in 14 days, 20 hours, 8 minutes, 6 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012)
artist: its supposed to , its phoenix wright
Domo: Try pressing ctrl+0
11,02Serenity: And it will be streamed in 1080p :)
Malmortius: in 15 days
/me headbangs
If not, hold ctrl and scroll out
ye i know who he is
NewSuperBronyU: Yay! :)
NewSuperBronyU: Do you need a HDMI cable to use it?
oh god, memories all over the place :)
Actually never saw this video. :D
and thank you Tom! =D
I remember when this was the most viewed video on youtube
^^^ Gasp
SpeccyRush: and now its baby
SpeccyRush: but gangnam style will take its place
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire, Part 1" airs in 14 days, 20 hours, 6 minutes, 47 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012)
:D
STOP THE TOM SPAM
I think Im gonn listen to some Rednex now
11,02Serenity: For HD on the console, yes. You can also use Component too. For SD you can use the Composite cable. Wii U is compatible with Wii A/V cables.
Bronysith: Woop woop.....no.
inb4 Tom gets spammed :D
word to yo motha
And that is the end of my stream ouo
daaaaaayyyyyymmmmmmnnn
11,0223 days \:3/
Aaaw, he stopped :C
Thanks, Domo. :)
inb4
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire, Part 1" airs in 14 days, 20 hours, 6 minutes, 20 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012)
Thanks for streaming, Domo
thanks for the stream Domo
11,02Thanks Domo :3
thanks Domo ^_^
thanks for the great stream Domo :)
offs
Thanks for the stream Domo :3
HavokOC: She.
NewSuperBronyU: Thing is, my telly is quite old. It doesn't have HDMI, and I heard that it only had HDMI. Thanks for clearing that up
Thanks for streaming
thanks, Domo
thanks domo for the stream
Thank you for showing me on PM domo :3
Thanks Domo, nice stream
Welcome <3~ and lol xD~
Thankies for the stream, Domo
only 300 million more views until gangam style is most viewed vid on youtube
im stealing everyones music using youtube.mp3 >:)
11,02Serenity: Np :)
AJIsAwesome :O
i'll see you at all movie night!
Thanks for the stream Domo, you're a pretty swell gal :)
Yay! :3
^^
domo got mad for all the pining :P
and chat died.
NewSuperBronyU, Is there a Bronystate skype group? :o
Hilariously enough, my computer monitor is actually better picture than my TV
HELLLOOOOOO
hey ItsTheWubs
I forget...was this the chat I was in earlier?
hi ItsTheWubs
eeyup
its always the same ItsTheWubs
oh
doesnt matter wich one you pick
hm.
It will matter when the new episode is streamed
oh
Serenity: I think im the last person on the face of this planet who still has a CRT monitor...
okay
since no stream.....
oh lol
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1yHJhcdeBbw
me didnt know that part about its the same
OK this is seriously funny. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BMsLArefSOw
I feel so bad for her though.
cuz I've watched vids of these chats during episodes
Alchemist: Then I must be second last. I only replaced it a month ago
so I was confused
With a 25' super bright kill moniter
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HTgZvavqipo <--- i lolled
Serenity: 1280*1024 max res ftw :D
This moniter can handle up to 2160p
Snow: :D
thats great
And that's not even out yet
At least I can max out many games graphics wise
4 hours...I don't think I can make it!
Whats for hours?
Pondoooo
Ohh, the movie night
I forgot its friday
IT'S FRIDAT
*Friday
Still have to go to work tomorrow.
fridat?
Alchemist: mine can only go to abut 1k something <-<
Fridat is now canon
^
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Spotlight Music: Equestrian Life // Spitfire // Your Favourite Nightmare //
artist: 1024*768?
wait... what's canon? :P I've heard of it, but felt it was dumb to ask
ABIT MOAR Alchemist
Anyone alive in here? :3
Another word for official. Used quite often in fan fiction to differentiate between the official storyline in which the fan fiction is based on.
...JMO IS TALKING IN FANCY!
ItsTheWubs: a camera thingy
Pfft.
I am fancy.
of course :)
Fanciest Aussie you'll meet.
why does a hawaiin pizza have canadian bacon on it?
why do u guys do this "^" ?
^
ulous Jmo
Isthewub: yeah, its basically what have been obviously seen/stated in the show or by the creators of the show.
/me resurfaces from the water "Ohai"
woops xD
god i love my hair
o.O
so soft and fluffy
am I the only one getting the buffer sign?
Anyone up for some MvM? :3
It means that you agree with the previous statement, artist.
:O
ItsTheWubs: yes
what i wanted to say was: how fabulous Jmo
darn
I know right ;D
My hair is so soft and fluffy
i love it
whatever :P
I AM FABULOUS~
I have returned!!
ah, ok :P thank you AJIsAwesome :)
ItsTheWubs, canon is the collection of informations about a work of fiction that has been established in the work itself, opposed to fanon, which is what fans make up themselves
same goes to you Bronysith, your hair is simply FABULOUS
he BladedWings
*hey
lol sorry that's sort of what I assumed it was, but I wasn't sure :P
Snow: you havent even seen my soft fluffy hair :D
ANYTHING ELSE I NEED TO KNOW
ikr, but i can imagine it
lol
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Np0Aeh5zpQ&feature=related allofmywhat.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81EaMo3vDlM
breaking bad is so good
yep...every day I'm buffering
i like it better than doctor who to be honest
but you cant compare the two of those
Oh my god
Burn it with fire.
Still no streamer? :c
BladedWings: headlight fluid ftw
guys, stream has been down for 10 minutes, fucking chill
STREAM IS DEADDDDDDDDDDD
AAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
what is with the russian ad anyways
Adblocker is your friend.
Alchemist: i have another one...hole up lol
thats what I need to know
ItsTheWubs: get adblovk
lol
blovk?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=endscreen&v=1VyXRrNWQ-8&NR=1
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QzKLp0xHMwE&feature=related
i lolled
BladedWings: I've seen all. I am following the podcast since about drunk tank podcast#30
who?
Alchemist: i havent listened to a podcast lately lol
but no one likes him
I LIKE
him
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mw0v-7CfLvc
I rofled
Eccleston was a great doctor
I wish he got more then just the 1 season
*than
Who said nobody liked him? I do. :S
he was outshined by tennant, thats why no one likes him
RainbowAsh: 3rd best
I'm pretty sure people like him, it's just that he's not talked about AS much as Tennant.
Serenity: whos the other 2 then?
Best is Tom Baker
2nd best is Tennant
QUESTION: WHO ELSE IS DRESSING UP AS A PONY FOR HALLOWEEN :)
The only time lord that matters is me though, just so we're all clear
isnt one of the guys from roosterteeth a brony?
ANSWER1: Not me >.>
I don't dress up on Nightmare Night anymore.
awnser: i dont have it finished for halloweeen
Don't even do it in Australia.
In fact, I don't even go out on Nightmare Night. :D
so thats why its for carnaval
LUNA WILL GOBBLE YOU Up, THEN
We should all know Dari's favourite doc is probably either Smith or Tennant >:)
I might, but probably not this year.
by all accounts the place i'm at is about to get covered in about 40 feet of snow so no halloween even if I wanted
carnival?
Live, chat! LIIIIVVVE!
dutch thing in februari
Yay! :3
o.o
yay living chat!
its nothing special
:3
its usual all the people crammed in a pub drinking till there drunk
http://www.memecreator.org/meme/lag-zeppelin-stairway-to-buffer yay Lag Zeppelin from Domo's stream earlier!
Title on www.memecreator.org: MemeCreator.org - Lag Zeppelin Stairway to Buffer
at dragoncon i saw mostly 11th doctors and 10th doctors
and some 4th doctors
what else would you do besides being drunk at a pub?
Eat the peanuts.
have fun
hey there my sexieh bronies :3
Hi, Sonny. :)
And if the pub doesn't have any, leave.
Cause it ain't no pub.
AJIsAwesome: I'm doing a live-stream if you want you can join in :D
Okay. :D
Sonny: Hi! I can haz join?
surez
http://www.livestream.com/masdragonflareslivestreams?t=245888
yayz
Sonny: that is a bad move
I don't think it's okay to post livestream links in here. Or am I wrong?
/me slinks on her tummy
oh ye
sorry bout that
<.<
No, it isn't okay :P
Always has been the case ;)
who posted pony randomness 1?
http://www.memecreator.org/meme/im-not-jj/
Title on www.memecreator.org: MemeCreator.org - I'm not JJ
/me slaps Sonny for posting a livestream link
I'm so BOREEED :S
it killed like half of my braincells
/me pings Sonny to mess with his livestream
lol
You'll never know.
>_> <_< not me
I'll go of here then =p
String_Shredder: :D
PING PING PING :D
Howsabout some TF2?
Lotsa spaghetti!
SINGING CONTEST.
Bugger knows which server, since a lack of a Shizuk'a
AT THE GALA!
we need more spaghetti stories on /mlp/
IN DUH GARDIN
o.o
wait...
4chan is just corrupt :c
what is happenin'
Serenity: thats /b/
why has nobody told me something about 2 Steps from Hell earlier :(
it's so aweome
Lil_B, I hear they just released a new album
what r the movies
who said tf2?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9OgY9f9Rmg
Alchemist: dude needs some new pants :O
Lil_B: their music can get a bit stale and repetitive after a while.
Lil_B: also hi! :)
Snow: wheres the explosion?
I said TF2, muddatrucker
Lil_B, in that case check out Dragonrider, Archangel and The Last Stand, those are some of my favorites
hi
Hi CCCP
Alchemist that's normal for this style of music, you can't change that much, but they try atb least
hi RainbowAsh
RainbowAsh Albuzms from them? Or other Groups?
Lil_B, songs from them from previous albums
and hi CCCP Alchemist and RainbowAsh
hi Lil_B
MadSurge: allegedly the plane's pilots sustained some damag due to the sudden onset of Gs during the evading maneuver.
http://img580.imageshack.us/img580/1624/scootscootaloo10.jpg
Dem FEELS
RainbowAsh *whisper* They are currently all running through my bittorrent* CAUGH CAUGH
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqUBfV7tq5M&feature=related
somepony broke the rules i see
Alchemist: they still got home though
http://www.memecreator.org/meme/im-not-jj/
http://images.4chan.org/b/src/1351276559856.jpg
MadSurge: yeah, it must've been a matter ofwhat? 1-1,5 meters?
>/b/
nope
friggin /b/tards
I'm so bored! :S
HavokOC: knifeH made that :)
oh no, /b/ is sooo bad
meanwhile you go on /mlp/ where there's threads about gay horses having sex
test
oh, weird...
Buytoast but thats also /b/
String_Shredder: Refresh chat?
Alchemist: indeed o__o I'd have shat myself multiple times
artist: I know :3
but at least there's variation
Buytoast: TMI, matey. We did not need to know
d
HavokOC: hes gud at drawring! :)
AJIsAwesome: No, just screwed up for a second.
artist: Eeeyup
https://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1351279243033.png
Bronysith: :D
so its always time for trixie?
hotlinking doesnt work for me from 4chan.
im not sure if its good or bad.
Same#
It's okay.
Probably for the better
It only works sometimes.
At least for me.
it only works for me from certain people
friggin /b/tards
https://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1351278556928.jpg
^ That one I can't see.
It only shows the 4chan logo.
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1351192649036.jpg
that one i can see
^
http://images.4chan.org/b/src/1351270674787.jpg
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5Om0ihXkK0
get off /b/
https://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1351278289880.png
get off /mlp/
it's worse if not as bad as /b/
um
no
alright, keep tellin yourself that
they're all bad mind you, but some are worse than others
4chan is the greatest site ever
im cracking up over here
these guys are hilarious: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7V7zLrlX-T0
https://images.4chan.org/c/src/1351231409233.jpg
Snow *nom om om*
People who are using the embedded flash IRC clients here will be transmitting a referrer link to 4chan. Either Ponychat or the publisher of the client itself. This will trigger the hotlinking protection that 4chan employs.
Alchemist: Ew. :S
SOMEPONY TELL A JOKE :)
so many asuka threads
ceeceepee what are you doeing? stahp
:3
https://images.4chan.org/c/src/1350513396735.png
Nermnermnermnerm
doeing?
AJIsAwesome: then you'll love the first one from this one www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHTo21QBfvE
FEMALE-DEER-IN'
What a beautiful DUWANG. :D
ItsTheWubs knock knock
CCCP: Who's there
Gestapo
Gestapo who
https://images.4chan.org/c/src/1351226377857.jpg everyone knows that Asuka is best EVA pilot
-_-
hi
ItsTheWubs nevermind...
4chan links dont seem to work for me :I
Who posted this? http://images.4chan.org/b/src/1351270674787.jpg
/me hugs RaveBrony
JUST. 3. HOURs. 30. MINS
AJIsAwesome i did :s
CCCP: Thank you. :)
/me hugs CCCP :$
It's very nice CCCP. :)
https://images.4chan.org/c/src/1349230431194.jpg
Knock knock
AJIsAwesome i wish i knew the artist :$
Same here. :D
CCCP: unnecessery ping is unnecessery
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OmG_WTfBbQ&feature=related
the heck is ping anyways
ItsTheWubs
That.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4tyvJJzSDk
artist :o
how do you do it
yes CCCP ?
By saying someones name.
artist i like that song :3
Guys
Knock knock
i like it to CCCP
testing testing
Hi!
CCCP
OH MY GOD JC A BUFFER
did it work
that was the most tense scene in breaking bad yet
ItsTheWubs i have my volume off so idk :s
<.<
LOL
Bronysith dont spoil it please!
CCCP: spoil what?
nevermind nevermind
all i said was that it was the most tense scene in breaking bad evfer
im just paranoid
and no one here watches breaking bad
yes thats true, it is baaaaaaaad show, a baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaf show
baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad*
Hi Everyone :3
um
How are you doing?
only babies hate breaking bad
hi thelonepony
I didn't like the season 3 preview for MLP. Actually, it was AWFUL.
cause it is an awesome show
doing ok, you?
Jc_Denton: THANK YOU
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymEj24WhqcI&feature=relmfu
season 3 is going to be disapointing
Oh, GTA Vice city is coming to IOS
no Bronysith stop saying that
why wopuld you get it on an IOS when you can get it on a ps2?
I'm doing good.
artist: that
that
Hi, thelonepony. :)
that taht that
*that :3
good to hear :)
Season 3 is going to be disapointing, stop hyping yourselves so much everyone
Hi CCCP and AJIsAwesome :)
GOD DAMN IT AYEJAY.
No thanks, I'll keep myself hyped. :)
BUCK YOU PONIE ARE AMAZING
I'm not super hyped, but I'm somewhat hyped. :)
what ayejay said :3
MLP:FIM is good imo that is all :I
ItsTheWubs: Ponies? That's so not MLG L3G1T.
BronySith has a point: It's not even following the things that made the earlier series good. It's what they think works doesn't actually work at all
MLG360YOLONOSCOPESWAG :D
No :I
I know. :D
breaking bad is an amazing show and everyone should give it a shot sometime
DOESN'T. MATTER.
AJIsAwesome: thats wat all the kids in black ops says
Ponies.
Just,
ponies.
ItsTheWubs: Ponies are lame
Jc_Denton: that spoiler
...
what
did
you
say?
It's not really a spoiler, they revealed it in the preview
WHY isn't there a Vinal Scratch emotion?
Some people didn't see the preview.
Jc_Denton: anything dealing with season 3 is a spoiler in here
^
THATguy: there should be
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Possible Season 3 Episode 10 title on Zap2it
Jc_Denton try not to spoil it please they give out perma bans for that
ItsTheWubs: Hey, Scoot-Scootaloo would agree. So not MLG.
^^ lol the irony
:D
In fact, some people didn't see anything regarding S3 period.
This is my first time here
I don't want to see ANYTHING to do with S3 until it's 0m
dat dari bot
on*
I didn't realize that telling that was bad.
Incoming pics for you guys.
D:
I swear no-one reads the topic.
It will be a minute though while I upload them.
Let's play the person below me
Serenity: How about 0m 59s?
wat
daaaabi
Is TLT interview done?
jaymoo <3
String_Shredder: Go awai grammuh nazi :c
u sexaaaaay thaaang.
THE PERSON BELOW ME HATES PONIES
<3
Did I miss it?
Oh, Jmo...
Did I miss the Living tombstone?
Ohai
I hate ponies.
Jc_Denton: It was yesterday.
Sartun and Dabi is bset doms
http://images.4chan.org/b/src/1351266522251.jpg
They're so bad.
Heyp, Dari
Ohai dabi
:>
GAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I love the Power Glove. It's so bad.
Hello der. CCCP
The person below me is amazing
Strawberry Shortcake > Ponies.
:D
Wait...4Chan?
hai Serenity
:D
well i shall be off to class guys, have fun with BMN and see yall later ^_^
Me > Strawberry shortcaek
Bye, BladedWings. :)
I thought /B/ was an 18+ zone
The person below me is a pervert
bye BladedWings :)
nahp
Jc_Denton: /b/tards
bye BladedWings
thelonepony: stahp
I hate filly R34.
sorry everyone, but i gtg, there is a costume that screams to be worked on
:D
Jc_Denton: just dont go into /b/ it is a horribly place
mentally /b/tarded.
bye Snow
artist: why? :3
All this 4chan talk.
Snow: u a costume maker?
Baai Snow
Bye, Snow. :)
/me huggles everyone and takes his leave
bcuz
If you make filly R34, play this game. It's called "STOP EXISTING".
artist: no, but im making a pony fursuit atm
bye Snow :)
hell, /mlp/ should be 18+ with all the stuff on there
The person below me likes Justin Bieber
awesome Snow
bye
Not even gonna take that one.
lol
artist: i dont want to shahp :I
4chan is 18+ in general
the internet is 18+ in general
^
not for the faint of heart
well yeah, but /mlp/ is especially bad
ItsTheWubs: the person with wub in their name is starting to get on my nerves.
dumbass
Well look what we got here brother o' mine.
thelonepony wut are u doin thelonepony stahp
lol
Aw poor diddums.
It's the same in every town.
I went on 4Chan once to look at someones MR bones wild ride for the sims. Anime porn ads everywhere.
Okay i will stahp :3
has anybody seen Silent ponyville
Nope.
no
I don't watch fan content
Jc_Denton: once you find a good place, 4chan is quite enjoyable
goddamn, you people are dense
dense?
<.<
no stream?
i like fish because of the density
It just doesn't feel right giving the fans the materiels of your swansong.
4chan invented bronies, I belive.
pony_1707: Nope.
Belive it.
pony_1707, Stream has been off for a while
THATguy: /co/ to be specific
yeah, /co/ did
Because you know that people will violently attack that swan and make R34 of it.
Oi Ayejay
So, Bronies, I have a question that taps your vast knowledge: What 'daily' pony comics are there? I know of Ask Pun and Daily Derp. This is for a comic marketing project.
Yeah, Jaymoo?
Jc_Denton: you do know what r34 is right?
I'm off to sleep, take care you munchakin.
Bye, Jmo. :)
might want to stay away from /mlp/ if you don't like horse r34 then Jc_Denton
Jc_Denton: what is R34? what does the rule state?
bye Jmo
it's filled to the brim with it
night Jmo :3
Bronysith: yeah. If anything exists there is porn.
Jmo: wuts the taim at ur locastion?
Jc_Denton: yup, there is porn of everything
0343
I know.
and pony r34 is no exception
oh damn gnight Jmo
And I'm fine with SOME R34. But filly R34? NONONONONONONONONON
Yep, toodles all you crazy people.
although if you are looking for it than /mlp/ is a great palce
calls the Ordnungspolizei
Jc_Denton: filly is considered child porn
Exactly.
Jc_Denton: my friend actually works with tiarawhy
makes me sick
But that stuff is still done by the creeps who fap to that stuff.
you're talking about a vast majority of bronie there Jc_Denton
but seriously, WHY isn't there a Vinal Scratch emotion?
Hi Everypony
yeah
THATguy is right
THATguy: Becaus we don't NEED one?
Hi, BroPony|MEDIC.
hi BroPony|MEDIC
because vinyl is too awesome for this
Buytoast: I'm a neutral. But even I think you should shut your mouth.
We need one for those hell yeah moments.
hi BroPony|MEDIC
THATguy because we dont have a Lyra one yet
hmmm...
/me hugs AJIsAwesome, CCCP, and thelonepony
oh no, someone is speaking their mind and telling a truth! i better tell them to shut up!
man
pretty much :)
we have enough emotes
emotes?
because everyone already emote spams the fuck out of this place
wut we talkin ebut?
i almost forgot opinions and facts are like acid to you people
There's no such thing as enough ponies
Buytoast dont you buy bread and then toast it?
what are these.... :S emotes you speak of
you dont normally buy toast
Buytoast, seriously though, lots of bronies don't even like r34, and most of those that do don't care for filly stuff.
BroPony|MEDIC: only the gods know
yeah, you buy bread and a toaster
THATguy, YEAH!
you're talking about like 10% of them RainbowAsh
YES, THATguy
THATguy: How could i?
YEHHHHHHHHHHH
Buytoast, I would like to review the data on which you base your asumption.
welp
I'm out
i always wondered what his name was
catch you ponies later
4chan is a wonderful place
i'd like to see the data on yours
cya Panda|Homework :)
bye Panda|Homework
RainbowAsh: do you think most cloppers are bronies or trolls? hmmmm
That guy is freakin cool.
Panda homework? I did not know pandas had homework :P
artist, cloppers are bronies i am sure...
ItsTheWubs ^^ well yes I do
Oh, cloppers are probably mostly trolls.
Panda|Homework: my friend actually works with tiarawhy
08,01cloppers?
Panda|Homework man, that must stink
Bronysith, I already know alex....
Panda|Homework: sorry
08,01i like tiarawhy
so...
/me hugs Panda|Homework
._.
this is too rich
it's like watching a social experiment
08,01awesome
lol
08,01i love some of his Chrysalis stuff
He has to keep watch im sure, lol
you don't know what a clopper is?
08,01in all honesty, i don't actually have any pings
08,01the onyl thing that pings me is my name
Moo :3
08,01and it does it silently
o_e
/me has been reduced to eating nothing but hot dogs and cheese
08,01artist: tiarawhy's
when will there be a stream?
08,01ItsTheWubs: soon
yayz
08,01i'm on the phone at the moment
soon...
Have you guys heard of TF2?
BroPony|MEDIC so im guessing you are not kosher?
08,01but after i've finished, i'll start
hehehehehe RainbowAsh far cry...
On the tpoic of nsfw, does anyone know when Baconmane will be on?
*topic
08,01Bronysith: in pm, please
08,01or SST
artist, I think people who are very vocal about clopping have a good chance of being trolls. Those that only once a while post some r34 they like are probably not.
lol I just realized I've been sitting here for a full hour, doing nothing..
your perception RainbowAsh ? your perception is not fact son
CCCP: Kosher?
So no stream?
ItsTheWubs that happened to all of us
doesn't mean it's true
are you calling me a troll RainbowAsh :o
you start using your own perception as fact you got a dark future ahead of you
woah woah woah wait
Buytoast, so, what do you base your opinion on?
artist: you're a clopper?
no
Um, I'm really new here. Do I have to download anthing to watch livestreams?
mainly facts
so show me some hard evidence
/me doesnt understand a cloppers intentions
THATguy, Do you have adobe flash?
BroPony|MEDIC: its being nasty
THATguy usually not, just flash
THATguy, That's all you need
artist, since until right now I had no idea you liked the clopping, I would say that you aren't that vocal.
>Stream goes down
artist: I know, but why ponies?
>Start talking bout cloppers
lol
RainbowAsh: i dont like clopping...?
Thanks.
pretty much :) HavokOC
BroPony|MEDIC: because nasty
artist, then I probably misunderstood you, I guess. Why did you think I called you a troll again?
since i was abit vocal about it RainbowAsh
http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3635/3538810877_d665cabcb8.jpg
brb
face hoof /)_-
k Ponies47
artist, not that vocal apparently, since I failed to notice.
Buytoast, ok, what hard facts?
/me is watchin SAW V
that's your job
BroPony|MEDIC: oh you mean blood orgy?
how do you italicize your words
Bronysith: Indeed
http://img803.imageshack.us/img803/1157/df4d4dcfa9324f2a8f23310.jpg
THATguy: ugh
yay, got my fog light parts in the mail today
artist, yes, let's.
THATguy: she couldnt participate cause she wasnt apart of ponyville
back
Going to go get em installed, bbl
wb Ponies47
Ok, later!
wb Ponies47 :)
Tanks thelonepony, CCCP
I always thought that that guy was a dude.
wb
ItsTheWubs what did he do?
he did the play Reefer Madness :P
THATguy: that GUY was a DUDE
Has anyone seen that musical?
So lemme ask again... does anyone know of any daily pony comics?
ItsTheWubs, I have seen Paw's review about the movie
ItsTheWubs ive seen the 1930's film of the same name
Cool
My Dad was the lecturer
ppfffft
drugs like weed are for the weak
It would've been funnier if he played Jimmy Harper xD
http://derpy.me/8-
people on saw are stupid
BAW!
I'm going to go do something useful
stream down?
hi Fl00t4hSh41
sup cccp
hi Fl00t4hSh41 and no stream atm
ItsTheWubs bye
Friggin /b/
Fl00t4hSh41, Yup, Stream has been down for a while
Hi, Fl00t4hSh41.
damn right BroPony|MEDIC
shucks
Ohai again :3
hi ColgateServ
hi Colt_Brovakiin*
Hey Colt_Brovakiin :D
Ohai Colt_Brovakiin :3
Hi Colt_Brovakiin
hi Colt_Brovakiin
man, bronysith, you really know nothing about it, do you
http://derpy.me/90
nothing about what Buytoast ?
artist: hes just being butthurt
Deeeeeeead
about what Bronysith ?
Be nice in here >.>
artist: /b/
just saying, you've been complaining about /b/ when all we've seen is something not related to horses
CCCP: :D what?
hai everyone!
whats /b/? damn my ignorenc
that sounds like butthurt to me
e
f
artist: its off 4chan
artist it's a part of 4chan
artist: it is just random stuff
it's some random ass board that isn't even that bad anymore
b board?
ever heard of /mlp/?
Hi rdibp :)
rdibp: i love /mlp/ hehe
Ohai rdibp
thelonepony: hai /)
Oh, I wonder why, Sith.
Hi, rdibp.
I wonder why...
DWR_TF2: :P
must be all the pony r34 that's on there
(\ rdibp
Hey DWR_TF2 :3
allt he pony r34 is censored anyways
Hey HavokOC.
hello rdibp
hai DWR_TF2
whats worse? Rule 34 or /mlp/?
jødesvin og soper
I'd say /mlp/
/mlp/
it has both
DWR_TF2: how goes the team fortress 2?
Fine.
of course
DWR_TF2 how are you?
what is /mlp/?
ughhhh
an image board on 4chan
Gone ahead and brought both Scoots and Sumi L4D2, mostly because it is on sale.
artist: you have the internet doncha?
Doing fine, CCCP, how about yourself?
artist, the pony board on 4chan
ohai CCCP
DWR_TF2: oh shit, cant wait, we 4 will murder them zombies
DWR_TF2 im good ^^
It might be fun, Sith.
i love /c/ though
all the cute anime
rdibp: if i search it, i dont know whats gonna show up. i dont like being scarred
i never go on 4chan
what is /c/?
DWR_TF2: cute anime
Ah.
cute anime?
Hello CCCP! :$
oh
hi MadSurge
artist: what are you? chicken? :3
More of /vp/ and /v/ person.
well, you won;t be scarred if you like horse 34 artist
https://images.4chan.org/c/src/1350251901030.jpg
of a*
DWR_TF2: and how about /vg/ ?
/me sees 4chan in the link\
bonjour
Buytoast: what if i dont like horse 34?
hello RAWRity
RAWRity: hello how are you?
hai RAWRity
Hi RAWRity
Ohai RAWRity
then you would probably want to stay away from /mlp/
artist: 4chan isnt just pony r34
hell RAWRity
artist: that is a small percentage of it
Oh, I sometimes browse /vg/, Sith.
"small percentage"
well, i guess /mlp/ is a small percentage of overall 4chan
So, won't be able to stay for most of BMN
why they allow porn? annoying >.<
oh right its friday
http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/7ccf1a195bac89f2cd46075603da86f5.jpg CCCP~
since I've got a halloween party to go too tonight
so this is what we talk about when nothing is streaming huh?
they don't care, they just needed somewhere for the bronies to go so they'd stop ruining other boards
btw, happy early Nightmare Night http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mcinuzpDDc1rds523o1_500.jpg
i'd like to be a bat
MadSurge Dawwww <3
RAWRity: whozzat :D
does anyone know when Scream Fortress is going to kick off?
today
/me Shrugs
i know but when?
probably later
jmeh
RAWRity: hey have you seen breaking bad? just wondering
i love breaking bad
Bronysith: I've seen it half-way through Season 2
RAWRity: not your thing?
been meaning to catch the rest of it for a while
Skylers a bitch though
i love breaking bad but im only on season 3
hey everypony :)
hi Sketch_Toku_Brony
hai Sketch_Toku_Brony
I like it, just had so much stuff going on I didn't have time to marathon it the way I'd like.
Hi Sketch_Toku_Brony :)
:)
RAWRity: ahh okay, i love the guy who plays walt
rdibp i actually got to like her more through out the show
Skyler is a huge bitch
i just finished episode 3 of season 3
Bronysith: it still kind of freaks me out. Every time I see him I'm thinking "Man, shit went bad for Hal after Malcolm left."
anyone try that pepsi x? pretty tasty
RAWRity: i know right?
of what rdibp ?
RARWity :D
RAWRity: even the house looks like it is from malcolm in the middle
artist: breaking bad
which would have made it even more hilarious.
like, shit, Malcom hit rough times after college huh?
i personally think the show gets better every season
CCCP: i heard that season 5 is the last one
season 2 had John De lancie
there has only been 2 :P
Colt_Brovakiin: um
no
NO
Colt_Brovakiin: there are more than 2
so far in g4 anyways
rdibp yeah i know
lets hope mlp atleast gets to season 10 :D
Colt_Brovakiin: we are talking about breaking bad
artist: why?
fuck :D
I love how at the end of season 2, John De Lancie caused a plane crash. I guess you can say that he started *puts on shades* Discord
Quantity =/=quality
sorry
seriously
because its awesome, and moar, and you never know when they will run out of ideas
Bronysith: I am also playing dishonoured, I am not looking at the chat all the time, sorry :P
artist: but again quantity =/=quality
Bronysith: meh, i wouldnt care to much, i need my fix
quantity < quality
just because there is more stuff doesnt make it good
i know, but...MY FIX!
like naruto, it is such a long fucking anime
and it sucks
/me is bored so throws a muffin at a random person
take gurren lagann, only 26 episodes and it is amazingly awesome
Stream is off, I is bored
<.<
>.>
NEKKID TIME
/me dances about
0_o
i would like it if someday breaking bad was streamed
/me dances with Bronysith
well....imma go get some cheese doodles
/me leaves clothes on
i'm hungry too...
go to bed Eli
spring rolls with apple sauce sounds like a plan :P
im leaving, nothing of intrest is happening now
bye rdibp
by
bai
bye rdibp
artist: why should i go to bed? it's only 20 past 10
Bye rdibp
bye rdibp
where u at then Eli ? its same here :)
sweet old switzerland
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1351282712301.jpg hahahahha, so much spaghetti
What exatly happend on Movie Night?
bye rdibp
you artist?
Eli: high up
Hamburg?
higher
SirDragon001 there was a murder
artist: not even germany anymore then, huh?
no not really
oh
yupp
What do you mean CCCP?
SirDragon001 i mean idk
Eli: very high
norway?
YES
has anyone here everr been to russia?
No, I heard it is really cold :P
no :( russian has awesome language
artist: ah. cool! i always wanted to go there mostly in hope of an aurora, but i haven't had time before
darn
its snow outside here in Norway :D
why?
artist: in the mountains here too
Eli: its like 40 cm
/me needs wallparers
artist: ...if it were less here, do you really think we would go skiing this weekend?
papers*
Eli: how am i supossed to know?
artist: :3
artist: magic vision?
I'm back again.........
hio Dark92Enigma
sup everypony...'tis really cold O_O
Welcome back Dark92Enigma :3
Hi Dark92Enigma :3
No stream atm?
heya brony_swan and I know right!
Hi brony_swan :)
/me hugs Colt_Brovakiin brony_swan and CCCP
my vision is ray Eli great at school in the gym :D
artist: poor girls at your school...
Guys
1 Sentance
Eli: why?
artist: or boys. whatever you prefer
what?
*name
JOHN MADDEN
/me hugs DaringDerpy
/me hugs Dark92Enigma back*
Eli: im pretty sure i like girls....
08,01so this is now available: http://www.welovefine.com/3787-rainbow-dash-hug-me-backpack.html
08,01i want one.
artist: that's fine. wasn't an insult or anything
that kind of scares me honestly
That feeling when you try to make room for a cable with grounding and accidentally turn off all power in the room.
hello Kammerjunk!
08,01i saw it on EQD
Hi, CCCP.
Want it, need it...now!
Eli: i dont mind gay, im just kinda straight :P
Moonbase alpha time
Who signed in to newsletter/lottery? I did
>.> http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4c2JWOCHEDM
I think i did Dark92Enigma
boxx why? D:
boxxy*
artist: me too. but it actually doesn't matter to me at all :P
Morning
breaking bad is so interesting
CCCP: Da fuq? :P
focusing on the drug trade
Good morning Nick_Scratch|Music
This time i picked an underrated classic that hasn't been shown up here yet.........No, it's not The Room........YET
hi Nick_Scratch|Music
For B MOVIE
CCCP: is she just playing dumb or is she for real?
Dark92Enigma The Room has been shown here
Eli boxxy was always acting
CCCP: i hoped and thought so
ekips: i know......and that's because i said ''It's not The Room
i picked
The Secret of NIMH
the original
Dark92Enigma well, you said "classic that hasn't been shown up here yet" so there would be no need to exclude The Room. That confused me
rude awakening is best awakening
Dark92Enigma, oh, I love The Secret of NIMH. I hope it gets picked
i
love the Iron Giant
ekips: The Room is a classic, but i wanted to introduce Bronystate to a underrated movie that should get more credit than it deserved
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0385639/
CCCP: I get it....Halloween themed
Dark92Enigma I think we are misunderstanding each other right now^^
yesh!
ekips: no problem, i'm used to it
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Story Updates October 26th (Afternoon)
CCCP: And it's a good chance to rip a movie to send off NOSTALGIAWEEN
what is ever one gonna dress up as on halloween?
jesus thats alot of meth
It's been WEEKS since i've reviewed a B movie
so much money
Dark92Enigma :( btw, whats gonna happen to the NC?
CCCP he's making a new show
08,01new show
is there any info on it?
CCCP: As Doug Walker said, the NC isn't 100% dead, but not weekly anymore
CCCP: hold on, there's a trailer
i honestly didn't know he posted videos weekly i just went on every month
...
4 metric tons of meth?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AAsrZslU2tY IT BEGINS.............OCTOBER 30TH!!!!!!!!!!!!
So hey, i should have just enough time tonight to watch the A movie before i leave for my friend's halloween party
DaringDerpy: it begins, and looks like poop.
er, Dark92Enigma
looks interesting
RAWRity: Idk....we'll have to see how it turns out
/me Insert moral from ''BRIDLE GOSSIP''
the trailer does not inspire confidence
it's essentially a comedy-sketch of "remaking films".
im
but thats been done before...
And better
everything has been done before
Simpsons probably did it
and they missed the boat by about 3 months on the "Bane and Batman talk unintelligibly to eachother" joke
and they're a good 3 years late on making fun of Twilight
Of course, it will be hard to fill the NC's shoes......but i'll personally give it a shot
Meh, I'll give it a shot. If nothing else it's getting away from the NC gimmick, as that schtick grew stale months ago.
RAWRity yeah i know what you mean
RainbowAsh: Insert THE SIMPSONS DID IT meme
also, the idea of a bunch of talentless hacks remaking famous movies was already done to perfection in "Be Kind, Rewind"
to me his videos arwe a hit and miss i only actually like it when he's reviewing a movie i want him to review
NC might have become a bit repetitive, but at least he was good at it. These new shows... I think they will just end up looking amateurish
Dark92Enigma, I thought I had
Yeah, sorry, I won't. I have only stayed on TGWTG for a few reasons, and they've eliminated two of them.
RAWRity the one with JB?
RainbowAsh: i kinda missed the boat :$
Only one left. They better hope they don't lose Linkara.
well, Linkara has more or less said he plans on going on for years
he's already planned out a Teen Titans retrospective month for 2013
Yo!
there's several contributors on there that I enjoy: Oancitizen, JesuOtaku, Todd, and occasionally Nash
wow song is kinda sad,Akira Yamaoka composes SO well :$ and Mary McGlynn's vocals are really eerie yet fitting http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdXCsXcs6nA
ohai pony pepple
I <3 JO
/me hugs IshPonyThePonyPony
Ohai TheMonstaMuffin and IshPonyThePonyPony
muhaha
Yo RainbowAsh
/me throws CCCP off cliff
Ohai IshPonyThePonyPony
Hai TheMonstaMuffin again :3
IshPonyThePonyPonyyou only feed me >:3
CriticKitten: they've been a business for years
Hai TheMonstaMuffin :3
and hello to you, IshPonyThePonyPony :3
hello TheMonstaMuffin
Hi Colt_Brovakiin, thelonepony and CCCP
:3
is there a stream
That's right, STROKE MY EGOOOO!!!
no
RAGELFLAGEL!!!!!!]
!
hi Celestia`s_Bunny
Hai Celestia`s_Bunny
RAWRity, they have been a business for a long time, but they only recently started to get in everyone's face about it.
So are we all sitting here, watching the spinny wheel of buffering while we wait for the stream?
RainbowAsh: and how exactly have they been "getting in people's faces about it"?
HEEEEEEYY Bronystateeeeee
TheMaster if you look at it long enough you die
Wheres tom? :3
EMPIRE ATTACK THE BUFFER WHEEL!
hehe thelonepony :3
sooo, what can ya tell me about tonights movie?
:3
RAWRity, like with the ad breaks in the middle of their videos. And lately of course with their new premium membership
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1U40xBSz6Dc
thelonepony: Wow, thats a classic!
/me will return for a moobie
you know, I think the stream should default to bob ross painting stuff when mods arn't streaming
TheMaster, I am very much in favor of your proposal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLO7tCdBVrA like this
RainbowAsh: the ads in the middle are because the Companies that pay for ads started paying less to blip for ad views. The premium membership is nothing new for websites at all.
TheMaster: Why am i feeling molested by this video?
Seriously, it confuses me to no end that people think a midroll ad in a 20+ minute video is somehow corporate greed.
i like the ads with the russian girls
happy little clouds
So I have some pony stickers. I am going to start hiding them inside computer cases that I install computer parts into. Mostly new builds.
Oh know, you have a grand total of 90 seconds where you can mute ads and look at something else
Genius.
ThMaster: That guy took some SERIOUS drugs :D
meanwhile I've yet to see people bitch about ads in TV
his only drug was the power of paint.
Autotune Painting....this is GOLD
"back and forth baback and forth"
the mr.rogers one is even more awesome
that sounded wrong...
funfact. Bob Ross was in the airforce as a master sgt. he got tired of being angry and screaming at people and so he painted
and so transformed into the most relaxed person ever
How to change life 101
lol
i wish that someday i can even be BARELY as happy as him
he should be a inspiration
to us all
and the companion to the bob ross remix https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFzXaFbxDcM&feature=relmfu
to all mankind
so anyway, who wants to be Sexy Rainbow Dash for halloween? http://www.yandy.com/Rainbow-Pony-Costume.php
meh
*imagines himself in that dress*
No stream yet? :(
wait my youtube now looks like 2007 youtube O_o
no :(
RAWRity, I am not saying it's corporate greed. But a big part of the charm of that site was for me that these were just everyday vbloggers who were just a bit more refined than your standard youtube fare. But now they change what they do for their benefit of their business, which is changed the feel of what they produce, making it less attractive for me.
Yeah
CCCP: this is the New Look
CCCP: Mine is how it normal?
On my Desktop its still the old one too
Colt_Brovakiin it just looks weird
what happend cccp?
CCCP: oh, well THATS now new
fair enough
the new sucky layout is new tho.
