LODSAMONE
wait,, i do have some
xD
Pokecolt: really, the flash backs?
I don't want your money aniderp :P
but for crhustmas shoping
crhustmas
yes
Yeah, the flash backs are just like assasin's creed's go back in time moments. They may as well nearly be the same thing.
yus
chirstman
come on
ponymas
I lol'd
Dat kick
I feel bad for making her type that much
sorry D:
You should, Jmo. :I
Jmo has feelings?
It was an auto-kick aniderp
^
Pokecolt: I dont think so.
'Jmo has feelings'
It's just there to stop spammers aniderp :P
;_; i will sit in corner now :<
Who got kicked?
You'd be surprised fewl.
Jmo finally got his emotional core fixed?
aniderp: it was an automated thing, dont feel bad
It was never broken.
I'm surprised you feel anything Jmo after killing all those orphans and burning down their houses. :>
Sure it wasn't.
i got that before and i didnt mean to get it
aniderp: just be careful then :P
AJIsAwesome: It was just offline
I feel joy when I'm beating you to the pulp.
typing to fast maybe
DoctoDoctorWho: I'm talking to Moojay.
Oh I see how this is Jmo :D
lol Moojay
AJIsAwesome: I was refering to him
my one sock has a hole in it..
Both of my socks have holes in them, am I special?
aniderp: I know that feel ;~;
hole on bottom making my foot cold..
Jmo: yush
i r spehsul huehuehuehue
dat maks me fel gud
Jmo: XD
Lern tuh speel, Moojay.
i r moar speshal :>
XD
Alright, one thing I appreciate about this game by far.
Is it shows how long it is going to take to finish your reload.
All orks is equal, but sum ar moar equal den uvvas.
Pokecolt: like Ghost Recon
Pokecolt, and only that? .-.
too bad i cant really watch stream :<
is good aniderp
Lol, not only that, I will say the points I appreciate about this game. That being one of them. :)
brb
good Pokecolt
lol
What is with people and points? .-.
I like having a clear immersive hud ;~;
AdamTheDuck: points are credit to team!!
Yeah but it's like BF3 all over agian, spamming my screen with *10 points heal* *10 points heal*
Want to know the reason I enjoy cod though?
I enjoy cod because of how fast paced the gameplay in multiplayer it.
is*
Like, you always have to be on guard, at all times.
Pokecolt: Me too
I prefer RTS
You can get the same effect with slow gameplay.
^
Planetside 2 is like that
Not in as strong of doses though.
AdamTheDuck: true
I like it how klrpwny only jumps in on a PS2 discussion and nothing else
reminds me of deadpool
lol
Only jumps GW2 discussions
Well gee Jmo i just got home from school
YOU DON'T GO TO SCHOOL
DON'T LIE.
lol
lolwut
LIES.
You don't have feeling, Jmo.
Don't lie.
Dema begs to differ.
Pokecolt, have you seen how cautious you have to be in games like Red Orchestra?
Jmo u jelleh dat u nevah went tu schuul?
But Dema isn't here, so...... :P
I finished school last year.
Lawl.
Jmo: 3old5me
...wut
Do you have a translate sheet or something for me?
Jmo: 2old4me, then.
:|
Lawl.
Pokecolt, communicating to your team, getting Artillery coordinates and getting your team commander to call an airstrike as you watch your enemies fall as you charge in to take back the Moscow?
back Moscow*
damn I am sleep XD
RANDOM MOMENT HERE: One of my favorite games from back in ps2 days were socom: navy seals.
sleepy... *
AdamTheDuck: LIES, YOU'RE AWAKE
I loved that game, a lot.
First game to use voice recognition for when you ordered your bot team to do things.
Wut?
Although voice recognition has been there since Hey you, pikachu.
Wait
Battlefield 2?
Wow, voice chat with bots
Dayum.
Lol.
or Tom Clancy's EndWar?
Dayum sumi your coughing like hell
^
I honest to god wish that I could relate to any of this
What would one call a pony who plays video games? (There docto, get involved on this topic. :P)
Disciple of luna?
I was thinking something with Luna, yeah.
Heh, moreso. What would a pony be named if it had a game controller cutie mark. ;)
is half life 2 episode 1 the same story as half life?
.-.
Not sure if trolling or stupid.
hmmm
I am really ashamed. I am in love with two games I never played... :< And it's depressing.
Oh Jmo, not everyone knows their gaming history :P
Stupid money, why can't you live in my pocket and not everywhere else?
But Half-life.
Pokecolt: I know that feel bro
The two games I love and have never played.
Is portal 1 and portal 2.
Pokecolt, my feeling after any Steam sale
You think your wallets have had it bad .-.
Jmo, shush you :$
I'm not the one trying to get 2000 games on Steam :$
Pfft
Poor ass.
I really hope PokeMMO continues to get updated in the future, the concept for pokemmo is awesome. Not to mention... I really... really... REALLY FRIGGIN LOVE this pixelmon mod I have for minecraft.
It's so awesome.
cuz i havnt played any of the half lifes and theres a bundle for half life with all its expansions and half life 2 with all its crap not sure if its just redundant
There's a big plot gap between HL1 and HL2 tbh
/me doesnt have a job
Pokecolt: The Powerglove?
Still good to play the first one though
^
Oh my god.. Hello everpony!
I think I am going to eat nothing all day, and just absolutely overencumber eat thanksgiving dinner.
but back to my question is episode 1 the same as half life storyline?
Hello Firelight
Meh, I wished I liked Thanksgiving food.
I havn't been on this website for months! I finally got my new laptop.
They're connected yeah.
holy crap this is awesome http://derpy.me/yi5Rm
I missed you all so much.
Welcome back, Firelight. :)
Mhmhmhmhm, good eavening, Firelight
Since it is Black friday, I thought I would just take advantage of this day and just buy a new laptop.
AHAHAHAHAHAHAH
Oh you're serious
Jmo: Yes, he is. :P
Im going to check back in later, cya
-.-
Bye, DoctoDoctorWho. :)
Ah, Home sweet home.
Sorry, the word laptop makes me laugh.
/me is using a laptop
:P
Jmo... I don't run on money bro...
Jmo owns a Ronbow Dosh
How much are you spending on this laptop?
I wish I could of afford a Desktop right now..
^
*rantrantrant streams*
so is the black mesa mod just a remake of halflife 1?
D<
Wait, we're complaining about the stream?
189 Bucks.
Oh.....
I really wanted to play Haunt: The Real Slender Game. But my laptop can't handle it. :<
Oh a cheap ass laptop like that, must be for general browsing and work?
Haunt is free as well.
It's Bloody black friday!!
XD
Not for me. :D
I've got about 15+ hours before Friday.
http://i.imgur.com/ZTNSR.jpg What a great theme I just downloaded.
XAX: WUT :D
Dem plots
In my town, Walmart emlpoyees are striking because they are working on Thansgiving, But Kmart down the street has been open Every thanksgiving and I don't see them crying about it..
Lel Walmart
AdamTheDuck: The theme is literally called "pony plots".
08,01afternoon
:D
Hi Venus
XAX: :S
Oh god another person like this
Jmo?
Don't start kissing his feet and calling him 'lord'
See enough of that from Doc
:D
I havn't been on for months bro.. So I havn't seen him for all those months..
He's a normal person .-.
ANd I am not a homosexual.. If that is what you are thinking/
No it isn't.
Stop trying to make arguments Jmo..
I'm not trying to make arugments?
Why are you making that assumption?
Then why type at all eh?
Because I have the free will to talk.
Well you are saying things that would be better off without being said.
Toughen up princess.
This is the internet.
*Sigh*
"welcome to the internet, I will be your guide"
It's good to be home.
XD
Jmo: WHELL EXCUUUUSE ME, PRINCESS
Come on guys, let's be respectful of each other.
08,01so im away down south at the mkoment
I'm not being disrespectful.
08,01on the train going to england
Jmo: Not aimed directly at you, talking about in general.
08,01meeting with BUCK's venue
No-one is being disrespectful. Lel.
Alright I better hit the hay
At least not at the moment.
Night, AdamTheDuck. :)
Now Jmo, behave yourself when I'm sleeping :P
08,01need to vigorously persuade them that theyre taking the piss with their prices this year
Night Adam
lolz at the troll foods
Aj is right, Love and tolerate. We all watch the same show here. Let's All just watch the stream.
/me places a cupcake on Jmo :3
Jeez, I hate Labyrinth Zone sometimes.
08,01what ever is on the strream sucks, and the streamer should feel bad for playing it
/me 08,01actually has no oidea whats on the stream
Wrek is playing Planetside 2.
and me
<.<
>_>
He isn't being serious...
Wow .-.
08,01AJIsAwesome: i have no big red x button!
Yay Planetside!
So hows that airline food?
Pretty Meh. :D
Airline food is good dude!
Only rarely.
I was told I would get peanuts. I was told a lie.
Well I wouldn't know because I never been on a plan e XD
:I
Yeah! >_>
DAt Cough...
sumica sounds like death
He sounds like cancer.
08,01i was told that i might fail my degree
Someone just divided by zero.
08,01i might have to commit sepukku if that happens
Which degree?
08,01computer scence at st andrews
Ah
Have you been slacking off?
08,01AJIsAwesome: that's fa worse!
08,01i think ive written about 6 separate soduku solvers over the years
08,01im the opposite
O_o What?
08,01i love implementingg cool things
THIS! IS! EXITEING!!!
08,01last night, i wrote a garbage collector
This! Is! Sparta!
ah, some planetside 2 eh?
Yeah! >_>
Buck. No barrel rolls.
No barrel rolls? :(
So...
00,10killerpony7733 you filed us
00,10failed*
did someone go afk?
Haaaaaaaaah.
Sumica As i said they fighter was higher then the tail gun could go
I kept firing but i only managed to get him a few times while he wen't a bit down
YEAH! :)
aww, quitting now?
05takign a break
time for some ME3
00,10ah ok
00,10guess we need to have every one in call once we start geting more then me and wrek
Thank you guyus for that stream by the way.
Sumica Well been a while since we did that yeah
00,10was fun to be able to play and not crash every 20 min
XD
Sumica: I now have PlanetSide 2, but was wondering if there was a way to connect up with the channel group. I was told to go on Woodman, but is there anything else to be aware of? Communications between players for example?
00,10planet side should not be played on a 32bit system
Yep, it shouldn't
00,10we have a skype group
SafariMonkey ^That and we got a outfit
Cool. Could I join once I get home, sumica?
00,10if you are in game I can hop back on and get you in to the outfit
00,10just friends Wrek and Sumica
Thanks. :)
Well I gotta go to lunch now. See ya!
seeya SafariMonkey
i back
Welcome back aniderp :>
see ya Deacon
just for record, I ain't goin
in case you were preparing goodbyes
hallo everypony o.o
allo LightTrooper105
Hi, LightTrooper105. :)
/me slap Deacon and AJIsAwesome|AFK with a chocolate stick
Be right back everpony.
i got all clean and ate :>
Lel.
o.o
08,01i havent slept properly since about saturday
oh that sucks
i threw the one sock out
Why would you throw it out ;_;
08,01i just fell asleep on the train and drooled all down the frontt of my suit
cause
08,01and when i say "properly" i pretty much mean "at/ all"
it was big hole
and my foot was cold from it
Imagine what a poor person could of used it for.
sock puppet?
That's one thing.
like my toes were col..
my toes were sorta sticking out cause hole was big
Nemnemnemnem
so....
rip sock :<
not much going on in here
Nop
eeyup, also lali-ho Phase4
Nope.
eenope
<.<
doggie :>
wat.
is by my side
What breed?
aniderp: Puppy? :3
lab
ermagerd, what colour?
she is like tan(white sorta)
How old?
golden tan
few years
like maybe 5?
Cute. I love labradors and golden retrievers.
So adorable ;__;
I think my lab is about 5...
she is 7
no wait, yeah she'd be 6 or 7
I like beagles. :3
begles are yappy
the one beagle I've had wasn't....
my dog was part beagle wasnt really yappy
rip bingo ;_;
now to wait while windows hopefully fixes itself
:(
ohey Phase4
fortunately i got my bootloader issues sorted
One month of using W8 is coming up. Lel.
i had him since i was like 4... he was put down in the summer before i turned 20
ohai cowvarkian
Jmo: we're no longer friends
I never knew we were friends.
1995-2012
:>
;_;
Jmo: well whatever we were it stops here
Ahahahaha
So amusing.
....
unfortunately windows is borked so i'm installing sp1 from safe mode
no sound :(
and no ability to start the sound service
Windows hates you too.
Jmo: it really does
Will it make you feel better if I say I liked Linux?
it would
I admit Linux was amazing to use, completely different from Windows.
Learning it was fun.
ubuntu is pretty good....
problem with ubuntu is for users like me its terrible
Why no nothing in stream thing going on? D:
It's something called a break Pokecolt.
very heavy, minimal customization in the default ui, just different enough from debian to be problematic
Jmo: blasphemer
:> I know, I just like being ridiculous. O=3
Oh someone else that uses =3
but if you want 'not windows' use ubuntu
it's probably easiest
Still yet to use Snow Leopard
Mountain Lion*
i'm yet to use osx at all
no mac hardware and it hates virtual machines
so how about them ponies
if you ask abotu ponies.. g3 is played
Nice of the princess to invite us over for a picnic, eh Luigi?
or was it 3.5?
if I request ponies
Ponies, ponies, ponies.
Give us ponies.
did someone ask for ponies?
<:
but ...ponies are fun... :(
xD
you know i could go stream some
I didn't request them, just was talking about them
Jmo: Shut up. :I
Give us special ponies.
Ponies nao~
No. :I
00,10did some one say ponies?
PONIES.
._.
what have I done
Jmo, shut up. :I
inb4
I DEMAND PONIES.
cow.. you put this on yourself
I DON'T DEMAND PONIES.
aniderp: I was talking about ponies
my little pony my little pony ahhh
aniderp: jmo requested ponies
Mornin ponehs
Damn straight I did.
Hi, Chrysalis. :)
Now I want PONIES.
Jmo: There's Youtube.
mornin Chrysalis
Na, I want Bronystate Ponies.
<:
i feel sorry for anyone who just showed up and doesnt know whats going on
afternoon off work ftw
The special type. Bwahaha
I demand no ponies
^
no stream?
Phase4 something is going on
I demand whatever the Mods feel like streaming.
since im not sure..
Chrysalis: Jmo is demanding ponies, the others are tying to stop that
POOONIES.
NAAOOO.
NO POOONIES.
jmo is demanding ponies?
let himhave ponies
we all know what happens
That's why I want ponies. :>
But there's Youtube for that. :<
lalala my little pony
nopony should ever pony ponies
apple jack kissed twilight in an earlier gen
well, I'm watching history of the world part 1, so I don't really care whats streamed
No pony can pony two ponies to pony.
and minty and pinkie kissed
AJIsAwesome: you read my mind
.-.
what a story mark
like litterally that though was going through my head
AJIsAwesome: are you a wizard?
Phase4: I have no idea.
He wishes.
guess what time it is
AJIsAwesome: harry, you're a wizard
Jmo: I don't.
2144 is the time.
00:44 here
nu
I'm the white wizard of Down Under.
sea ponies
7:43 AM here.
Jmo: Down Under where?
8 44 am here
aniderp: Shoo be doo~
Tssk.
call upon the sea ponies~
yes!
haidere
Jmo: What do you mean? I wasn't making a joke.
i listend to it once earlier
D: AJIsAwesome! GO TO BED!
D:
As if you don't know what Down Under means.
What the hell.
But I don't want to. :<
AJIsAwesome: :)
Jmo: As if you don't know what a joke is.
the fma one :P
'I wasn't making a joke'
wooo!
Jmo: so, australia
Kinda makes that whole invalid.
Jmo: "That's the joke."
think'
Phase4: we apparently do
Phase4: No. :D
i sometimes sing sea ponies.. o.O
Intially, that is retarded.
.-.
because we're all fucking morons
Initially*
that catchy
All humans are morons.
<_<
cause i'm australian and i've never cooked shrimp on a bbq
Speak for yourself Ayejay.
only steak, sausages and onions
Jmo: Not the Liarjack emote.
*Note
i think i cooked some fresh fish once
Boop. :3
On a client, don't see those silly emoticons.
point is no shrimp
now to go on omegle and the question thingy and sea ponies!
Jmo: Sucks for you, then.
Neither have I Phase4
Not really.
... Phase, I wanted shrimp too. :<
Pokecolt: This stream's the boopinest!
BOOPINEST!?
BOOPS.
also aparently what you call shrimp we call prawns, shrimp here are the tiny babby ones
I love boops.
:3
I used to live on a yabby farm.
That was fun.
prawns are the big 8cm long things
everyone is d/c :<
Prawns here are generally larger sized shrimp, almost the size of crayfish.
Jmo: yabby's are fun
aniderp: Not everyone likes seaponies. :<
And that is where the tale of the spider the size of a car wheel came from.
i said sea ponies shoo be doo!
AJIsAwesome: Blasphemy!
blasforyou
no one responded to that question yet :<
blasforeverybodyintheroom
What was yuour question aniderp?
I love dikekike mlp youtube poops...
your*
Why do I like them...
x-x
Chrysalis: Iseewhatyoudidthere.jpg
Chrysalis: blasforeverypony
on omgle i put.. Sea ponies shoo be doo!
eddie izzard never said everypony
Ohh that question.
for the question thingy.. someone said no ;_;
and d/c
Chrysalis: and i have no idea who that is
the person i just quoted
>.>
... I hate ADD... I keep turning my head towards the spinning circle on the stream. >_<
Make the circle go away. ;-;
Chrysalis: i still have no idea who that is :P
someone is in distress!
Chrysalis: oh yeah, I remember that one
a great comedian
Call upon the sea ponies.
But they aren't here.
also a crossdresser
They will be.
:>
Eventually, but not now. :<
yes people answering!
did the raptor and a cow in a car sketch
Have you guys watched family guy before? :3
Ew Family Guy
D:!
I have, don't really like it.
Anywho, if you have. I want to reference something in it.
i like the star wars parodys
Shoot.
There is something Death does in family guy, that I tried one day... and it's really friggin good.
Star Wars episodes were good.
I used t watched family guy, but then it got a bit tedious with the jokes
He spread butter on the top of a fried chicken leg.
And it was so nummeh delishness of deliciousness~!
normal family guy is hit and miss, not bad but i'd prefer simpsons or furutrama
furutrama
terrible show
hehhehehehe
Bob's burgers is the worst out of everything though.
Hi everypony
people dont respect sea ponies ;_;
Pokecolt: i actually like bobs burgers
...
lali-ho TheDamShadow01
so, how about that spanish inquistion
What?
its sometimes quite clever
Seriously phase?
Bob's Burgers is good
I love it
...
/me headwalls.
Headwall harder pls.
break dat wall
IMA BREAK THIS WALL WITH MY FACE.
^
Do it.
reboot time
I saw it streamed here, it doesn't really appeal to me.
Careful Pokecolt that is the 4th wal you are headwalling! Pinky has already hurt it enough
lol i guess the chat is having a bad day
We are?
nah it's sometimes like this
Why you say that dam?
just cause
Such a great reason.
Bravo.
i dont have anything to do XD
I've broken the 4th wall already rommulus, now I am working on the fifth and sixth walls. (Ceiling and floor.)
:3
You could ponder the meaning of life?
just gona play TF2
AJIsAwesome: there is no meaning
Curious question so I can get some decent responses.
What would you guys rather play...
cowvarkian: Different views for different people.
Minecraft OR Team Fortress 2.
TF2.
Minecraft.
Actually, both.
TF2
AJIsAwesome: well, there's no objective reason
XD
I'd rather play something good.
would play TF2, but I still haven't downloaded yet
Pokecolt: minecraft
I'd rather express my creative mind then listen to a child scream over the microphone.
I haven't played tf2 yet either, which is why I was seeing if tf2 would be picked more, if it was preferred more than MC, I would have downloaded it.
someone respects them!
stranger 2 said yay
Pokecolt: Seeing how they're different gameplay styles, I can't see either one as better than the other.
Jmo: OMG STOP HACKING I'LL REPORT YOU MY BROTHER OWNS STEAM SIAJSLAKNDVONAM
My meaning of life is Waiting for something cool to happen XD (well that isn`t but well college)
I wish they would make a mod for tails in minecraft. ;-;
Oh how many times I've seen that.
lol
Even though they are different gameplay styles AJIsAwesome. I like to compare games like AC3 and Halo 4 at times. Even though they are different gameplay styles, just getting an idea of a game that is more played and preferred than others gives me a general good idea which would be a better choice to pick.
If a game isn't good, it wouldn't be preferred over the other choice. :3
dat tl;dr
lol
But Borderlands 2 is terrible and people prefer that over good games.
Dat short attention span.
You're one to talk.
Jmo, you a pokemon fan?
How so?
As a child I was.
i like pokemon
i dont no if i buy Fraps for Record things XD
:>
If so, I HIGHLY RECCOMEND (caps was needed) you try the Pixelmon mod for Minecraft.
The fact I don't play Minecraft anymore makes me think otherwise.
D:!
I childish mod for a childish game?
lol
Minecraft was only fun during Alpha/Beta
How childish.
Buytoast: >.>
Buytoast, you are NEVER too old for pokemon.
how has minecraft been? all I remmber last time was some update with cats
and that crash is fixed
So your argument is invalid. :|
Pokecolt, don't listen to him.
HAPPY THANKS GIVING
i can only assume it was a problem with retail win 7 and efi
You're never too old until you grow up.
Happy Thanksgiving, TheKoreanBrony1354. :)
lali-ho TheKoreanBrony1354, and happy turky day to you too
Deacon, minecraft's mechanics are so much better since those days. Good stuff has been added since then, more ambience.
It's really awesome.
STUFF ADDED?
TO MINECRAFT?
AHAHAA
Well instead of turkeywe have rice
Buytoast: don't you watch a show with frilly multi-colored ponies made for little girls?
TheKoreanBrony1354: Meh, never really liked turkey.
Aaand then the MLP joke
lol
I only watch mature MURIKAN shows
You can't hate a nice white piece of turkey meat smothered in mashed potatoes, gravy and covered in corn.
Like Lizard Lick Towing
Buytoast: like MLP
With a side of biscuits.
and Operation Repo
Lel
parade on!
you mean the parade that's the same every year?
Dat's dat.
Got dat?
That's good for you.
maybe ponies be in parade!
You can't be an MURIKAN if you still play those little kid japanses pet shop fighter games boy.
Buytoast: yes you can
lol
You gotta play the games on Uncle Sam's Jam List.
Call of Duty
Medal of Honor
Assassin's Creed 3
Hello everypony!
I can tell XAX is laughing right now.
Battlefield 1942
waitwhat
allo VenHur
VenHur: buytoast is being a facetious ass
Jmo: http://i.imgur.com/KHrDB.jpg
Halo with all the enemies made to look like terrorists
the works
You look stoned bro.
Hope we get more Jojo's Bizzare Adventure today.
Can't have no namby pamby weak small fry Commie huggers in our strong, 100% pure beef MURIKA.
Buytoast: but we do ._.
we have lots of them
DRAGONS? Those aint MURIKAN son, them some Japanonese things.
Now wolverines.
Thems some MURIKAN killin machines.
Indians aint MURIKAN son.
omg it said worlds gratest cartoon ballons
i think ponies are in the parade!
Buytoast: yes they are ._.
If they were, why did manifest destiny make us the true MURIKANS?
because we're dickheads?
I am hungry for this...
http://www.thenationalstudent.com/articleImages/junkfood.jpg
Correction.
We're MURIKANS.
That's what I thought.
Freedom wins again.
I am such a fatty. ;-; Want to know why? I was able to name nearly every type of meat on that sandwich by it's look.
D:
Buytoast: no
Jesus.
Buytoast, screw Manifest Destiny
Screw manifest destiny?!
yes
Son, without yer manifest destiny, you wouldn't be able to enjoy your Whopper with your large drink.
I don't like whoppers, or soda
Buytoast, as in I'm sick of it. I'm sick of being associated with it.
Instead, you'd be eating saerkraut in yer leaderhosen while reading Mein kampf before tucking into your hitler approved bed.
Buytoast, Manifest Destiny doesn't result in freedom. It only results in tyrrany.
that seems a bit unlikely
I don't know what your problem with sauerkraut is
people
I like sauerkraut
aniderp: I'm one of those
worlds greatest character ballons
What's everyone's favorite type of juice?! :D
you think rainbow dash or ponies will be in?
Pokecolt: mango
Buytoast: What makes a hitler approved bed?
i hope they arr <3
My favorite type of juice is... Hm, never really thought about it.
I like grape juice.
It has to be very kampfy
berry juice
LOL.
:| Does berry juice count? I mean, mixed berry juice maybe...
i like mixed berry also
I have never tried this, can anyone give an opinion on it if you have had it?
How is Peach Pie?
Peachy.
God I'm gonna hurt myself for that.
/me headwalls again.
Seriously Jmo?
D<
:>
It had to be done.
Jmo, that's like saying corn tastes corny. >:C
Listen here boy.
It does. Ahaha
Buytoast, I'm 34. Don't call me boy
Buytoast: no thanks
If God didn't want us to be MURIKA.
Does fish taste fishy too Jmo?
Kandarihu, he's just trying to rustle jimmies.
Then why didn't he stop us?
BOOM
This is what he finds entertainment.
Buytoast: because there is no god
Freedom wins again.
REV UP THOSE JIMMIES
Jmo, then pardon me for letting him. These are fighting words.
You can do what you want, but I'm just saying.
Pudding sounds delicious right now.
Don't worry son, MURIKA will never waver.
Buytoast: yes it will
We'll stand strong.
If atheists are so bad, then why didn't AthiestZilla attack Tokyo instead of GODZilla?
Some like, banana cream pudding with homemade sliced bananas, topped in whipped cream with cinnamon sprinkled on top.
Ooh my.
On the cirpses of our enemies and eating our Freedom Fries with our extra grande all MURIKAN soft drinks.
Buytoast, we already have. We reelected a virtual dictator of a President, so we're going to have to pay a very dire price if we're ever going to learn our lesson
(If you can't tell, I talk about food and beverages to try to leviate the stress of arguments, no one can hate food. :) )
OMG Food Talk! ^_^
/me likes water
^ Eats ice and drinks water for his diet.
Let it be known cowvarkian is now a plant.
:)
And those of us who voted against the creep will pay the same price. We'll all suffer together.
Kandarihu: cool
cowvarkian, don't you start
ok, I'll stop starting
Jmo. I am trying so hard to pull the topic away. :'(
You can't escape MURIKA'S wrath boy.
Buytoast: sure we can
Buytoast, shut up
You can never stop a tard from starting a topic.
Listening to the radio the other day, a Dairy Queen worker called up and explained how they make the buns for their burgers - the slather on some butter on each bun, and toast it where the butter melts into the bread, and crispy just on the underside
Nor can you end it.
Cypresswolf: The more you know.
As much as he finds this entertainment and is trying to rustle so many jimmies, he is looking like the biggest retard right now.
and then there was something about pies and I lost my train of thought and stop listening
Jmo, so am I
And he leaves.
Good.
Spoke too soon.
Jmo: SPOKE2SOON
mesmerized by the image :)
aww
Kandarihu, you aren't in the wrong.
Jmo, it doesn't matter what he was doing to provoke me. I was rude to a fellow user. There's no excuse for that.
:3 you how to make grilled cheese, try this - take 5 or 6 squares of a hershey bar peanut butter and fry it the same way ^_^
Arguing political philanthropy is like arguing about circles. You will never have the edge, and it will never end on any side.
I didn't see it as rude.
Pokecolt: >.> tru fax
At least you said stuff that was at least of value.
How did this all get started again?
Was it Pokemon or something?
Buytoast: by you
Buytoast: I'll check
"Buytoast: STUFF ADDED? Buytoast: TO MINECRAFT? Buytoast: AHAHAA"
Somewhere around there.
AHAHAA
Minecraft
Hi cypress wolf. :) How are you?
Cypresswolf: >.>
jklafdas I REMEMBER WHAT I WAS SUPPOSED TO DO. Caps cause I made my voice sound louder for a reason. >:C
Brb going to go download the call of duty mystery box sound. (Going to become my text message tone)
Cypresswolf: and makes you five pounds heavier
^ But well worth it
when you say chocolate, do you mean the low grade hershey bars, or some chocolate actually worth eating
I'd like to make to Texas state fair next year - all those new deep fried confectionaries they come out with each year....best food porn there is!
Wow.
I don't want to live on this planet anymore
That looks nasty.
That looks about right.
and asking the vendors how they make them :) makes you want it even more
thats a giant pastry, not a pancake
It's an apple pancake, coated in sugar and cinnamon crisp Jmo. :)
Return to your ME3 lolz boy
That is nasty Pokecolt, not even gonna lie.
I'm not sure what that mess even is O_o
It's from a restauraunt called "The Pantry" they make some of the biggest pancakes I have ever seen.
that doesn't look much like a pancake
Looks like something that'll give your heart a run for its money.
Hold on, I will find some of there other non-added flavored pancakes.
sooo....
:) This is the best food I've ever had - http://s3-media3.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/0TpeqdtdG_XFBC_Ossox9g/l.jpg - Cheesecake Factory's Hibachi Steak! - the sweetness of the steak is the PERFECT contrast to the wasabi mashed potatoes - they take some butter and wasabi powder to make the gravy, I dont know what they do to the poatoes to make them taste the way they do, but it's the mashed potatoes that make the meal
Looks tasty
^
:) You're missing out
Is this the real life?
Is this just fantasy?
and i'm hungry:|
Caught in a landslide, no escape from reality.
Open your eyes, look up to the stars and seeeeeeee
Food?
I'm just a poor boy, I get no sympothy
Happy Hearth's Warming Eve everypony!
Hi everypony.
Allo
ohey
http://bacontoday.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/Giant-Bacon-Sandwich.png --- this picture can give people heart attack's just looking at it. xD
that's not even a sandwich
thats just a pile of bacon with bread
x3
It has onion on the side cow!
Look at the back.
Happy Turkey day everypone
SANDWHICH!
You can see onions.
Pokecolt: that makes it so much better
Also G'morning
x
x3*
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aYAGB11YrSs
Pokecolt: Who needs the bread? Just order it like this - http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/Bacon_6b8ba3_1779234.jpg
One of the greatest things I have ever eaten though, was something here in Tennesee, USA. It was a pulled pork sandwich made with homemade Apple Cider BBQ sauce. It was, literally, the greatest sandwich I have ever eaten, and possibly may ever eat.
Cypresswolf: When will people learn that you can't properly link to FunnyJunk
I love apple cider personally, so it just made the bbq sauce have an extra tang to it, and... it was just so good.
This is an actual burger here in town: http://www.ibetyouwont.com/monster-burger-challenge-at-flippin-eggs/
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eGXFrFkxfrI
CUPCAKES! So sweet and tasty! CUPCAKES! Don't be too hasty! CUPCAKES! Cupcakes, cupcakes, cupcakes! (THAT IS NOT THE FAN-FICTION.)
Eddmario: http://i4.asntown.net/bacon_mountain_-ttce.jpg - that better?
Cypresswolf: Now I want bacon..
:3 http://www.impactlab.net/wp-content/uploads/2010/02/Bacon-Mountain-695.jpg - The Promised Land O_O
Cypresswolf: HOLY CRAP! The whole pig is right on top!
One of the best things I ever cooked myself, like homemade. Was a layer of hash browns coverd in bbq pulled pork, topped with two slices of bacon and two eggs.
I will get that thing put on breakfast menus around the globe darn it.
It was just too amazing.
It took 400,000 lbs of bacon to make that mountain
>.>
Isn't 400,000 lbs of bacon like, around 20,000 pigs? o.o
Peeeta
Bacon is delicous.
Peeeeeeeeta
PEETA!?!?
x3
Hes from the hunger games, right?
PETA
One thing I feel bad for eating, but I just love it too much to stop.
Is veal.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQ0JahhFkts
Not Hunger Games :P
=D
I love veal, even though I know how it's made.
Veal = baby cow, in case any of you have yet to learn. :)
Mooo
veal is delicious
Twilight sparkle's smiley face made that message complete...
It truly did.
:)
"In case any of you have yet to learn :) "
^ Why it was complete.
lamb is pretty good too
I have never tried duck.
Has any of you?
The only way it could've been more complete is if there was a Cheerilee icon
Supposedly duck is really greasey.
I haven't had duck yet
I could never eat duck.
Why?
quack
Cause I've raised ducks .-.
Aw.
well, I might've had duck in some chinese food...
Weirdest cuisine I have ever had (no one get mad at me for saying this) is lebanese cuisine.
It had the oddest flavors.
I can make a mean stew :) Take a couple pounds of ground beef, brown it, 2-3 cans of chili, mix it - let it simmer - add potatoes, stewed tomatoes, carrots, celery, and beans - I prefer black beans for the color, but you can use whatever - I have a secret couple of ingredients I add to ground beef chili base that makes it irresistable :)
haven't had that yet
It was this weird curry that I ate.
Psh, everypony knows chinese food is made with everything but the listed meats
heh
Cypress.
Wanna know what my favorite recipe is?
It's made of cats, dogs, rats, hamsters...
All you have to do is take a cup of flour! Add it to the mix! Now just take a little something sweet, not sour! A bit of salt, just a pinch! Baking these treats is such a cinch! Add a teaspoon of vanilla! Add a little more, and you count to four, And you never get your fill of... Cupcakes! So sweet and tasty!
TELL ME YOUR SECRETSS
:)
StinkomanFan: so that's why the dumplings taste so good...
Anything but Chicken, Pork, or beef
http://www.nerfnow.com/comic/892
U.N Owen was her..
You guys know that guinea pig is actually a really famous meat type, right?
More guinea pigs are eaten a year in comparison to buffalo.
StinkomanFan: http://desiderius.ilcannocchiale.it/mediamanager/sys.user/43344/That_Wasnt_Chicken%5B1%5D.jpg - an honest fortune cookie
buffalo is pretty good
U.N Owen was her..
hey bronies you know what I'm not happy about?
Wut
Are you saying you'd eat Little Strongheart?
Flandre Scarlet...
pony_3290: probably
why isn't mlp in the macy's parade?
Awesome song with a creepy picture.. c:
StinkomanFan: no, because she's sentient
aniderp?
Has anyone here tried rabbit? I hear so much about it, I just don't have the heart to eat them..
http://www.nerfnow.com/comic/887 pone
I would rather not eat things I would keep as pets...
You wouldn't keep a human as pet, so would you eat it?
:P
I love buffalo wings! That's right, buffulo used to be able to fly until a certain Colonel came along >_>
This video will make some of you so happy, I think at least.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gqj3iAlfpNM --- pet squirrel.
I wish they had an MLP float in the Macy's parade
I think Macy's is to boring for MLP... MLP needs something greater than Macys..
I think they don't have it because Pinkie Pie would potentially come alive and begin to stomp around New York
A giant, helium filled Pinkie Pie with some poor bastards trapped to it by strings
I really want a pet squirrel now. ;-;
<.<
A giant Pinkie Pie attacking New York, the potential of deaths would be so high that Hasbro'd rather not risk it.
A GIANT PINKIE PIE ATTACKING NEW YORK?!
That would lead to Cupcakes you know..
<.<
im watching macy's parade
I'm sure they still have the giant Pinkie Baloon locked up deep in there facilities.
hopefully rainbow dash will be in parade!
derpy i want derpy!
but she would ruin things ;_;
aniderp: Rainbow Dash + Pinkie Pie + Pinkie Pie ATTACKING New York = Cupcakes or The Rainbow Factory..
Just waiting for the day when they'll have enough money to justify the slaughter of MAttel
who else watching macy parade?
Yahoez darling
got my ipod ready for mlp ballon :>
if they have one which i hope they do
http://www.nerfnow.com/comic/image/563 Relevant
Is ded chat ded?
I guess not.
hmm
So Kammerjunk, we're talking about potential Macy's day balloons MLP would get
I'm sorry?
Who's Macy?
We decided Pinkie Pie wouldn't make it do to the potential of it coming alive and attacking New York
Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade is a tradition where a bunch of companies have floats and balloons go around New York for advertising.
Oh.
I see.
Wait, is it Thanksgiving?
Huh. Whaddaya know.
So, what are your thoughts on a giant Pinkie Pie?
Absolutely terrible.
I can imagine.
:O :HI NEW YORK!
And it'd just go downhill from there
I hope there's an MLP balloon somewhere in the parade. How about Fluttershy?
But horses can't talk.
Neitehr can balloons.
Pinkie Pie can.
Because Pinkie Pie
I seriously doubt they'd put a My Small Horses float in the parade.
No parade stream?
I'm not surprised, Buytoast.
>Inb4 it's somepony completely unexpected
>Like Cheerilee
Buytoast: They don't need a float, just a balloon. Like Rainbow Dash flying in a dynamic pose
It's Background Pony #56
"IT'S PIKACHU!"
I meant balloon.
its trixie
its lyra
maybe a few years from now, they'll have a Pinkie Pie balloon or something
Buytoast: I mean Hello Kitty got a balloon (When have they done anything with that lately?), why not MLP?
It's Spike! :D
Hello Kitty has a balloon?
it's Gojira!
Lambchop got a balloon - took 30 years to get there
Oh god Cypresswolf, we went through this before. Hasbro already made one but it came alive and they don't want to risk it wrecking New York
Hello
Lamb who?
:D
lali-ho Spamish
Salve, Spamish.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Lamb Chop was a puppet created & voiced Sherry Lewis - got her own show in th 90's, Sherry's latter years
huh, interesting
One time, I tried to sleep with my headphones on..
happy turdy day to you too StinkomanFan
But I know there's no MLp baloon, Hub and EqD would have said something
no ponies yet..
Deacon: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2b4vUZ7wR4
When Sesame Street comes on, I bet Elmo won't be with them since Clash resigned the other day
DinkyDoo: I think if I tried to do that, I'd break them.
GIANT COOKIE MONSTER ATTACKING NEW YORK
Kammerjunk: I broke them. The sound became all.. fuzzy.. but I got new ones.
you think ponies will be on?
Looking for text message tones is hard. x
I remember the 90's shows, that's all I saw - wasnt until the internet int he later 90's did I find Sherry Lewis & Lambchop has been around MUCH longer
x.x*
StinkomanFan: just eat them
Google Cookie Monster real quick Spamish
whoops
it's a good thing I didn't put my password
Oh crap :S yeah
OR Grover
Everypony loves Grover
bishes don't know 'bout Super Grover
"There's A Monster at the End of this Book" is a literary classic
bah
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Monster_at_the_End_of_This_Book:_Starring_Lovable,_Furry_Old_Grover BOOM, pity it spoils the ending though...
Wonder if there will be an MLP float...anypony know?
...take that as a no then?
idk
i hope there is!
macy parade
it'd be funny to see
thats what i watching
I'd laugh my ass off if it's an obscure pony
Like Soarin
or applejack?
>.>
or lyra
It's Fleetfoot!
Lyra with a huge smile on her face
Inb4 Spike float
A Big MAc float would make ALL the ladies swoon
ALL OF THEM, regardless of whether they're watching the parade or not
big mac float sounds too redneck :)
Sylandest: Not sure, Hub would have announced it
announced what
If there was a MLP balloon I think they would have mentioned it so we could look out for it
StinkomanFan: pretty sure they did
Yo what's up?
Only AFTER it happened
whats up scoots
yo scootsa
StinkomanFan: isn't that usually how it works
StinkomanFan, you wanna see a spoiler title?
http://www.kongregate.com/games/Mazapan/you-have-to-burn-the-rope
Scoot-Scootaloo, we wanna see the thanksgiving day parade
Don't we all~
i want to see the parade
am i the only one who doesn't care about the parade?
Anyway, just came to say that I hope y'all have an MLG Thanksgiving... if you celebrate it :P
cowvarkian: nope, you arent :)
If you don't, have an MLG day!
happy thanksgiving, Scoot-Scootaloo
i want a dashie parade balloon
no ponies yet :<
OOHHHHH you want ponies?
every year its pretty much the same
Ryunosuke: ikr
Knowing full well what it'll bring, I vote for ponies.
In the parade Scoots
Oh. Aww.
hey, want an opinion, should I keep this moxie scraggy with dragon dance and brave nature, or should I just go for a jolly one?
:D
ids there a stream or no?
Anyway, see y'all tomorrow!
seeya scoots
1) watch balloons. 2) eat lots of turkey 3) fall asleep for the rest of the afternoon while watching football 4) uhhh muffins? 5) profit :)
muffins!
GTG
i like that list
see u scoots
<.<
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1353596421989.gif behold the ultimate technique
ponies megaforce!
Oh come on the Power Rangers still get balloons too, MLP ought to be in there
inb4 its gen 3.5 mlp
or even 3.6
dont say that D:
derpy should be in the parade!
I'd laugh if a Newborn Cuties balloon was in the parade.
If they put a balloon of MLP in the parade, the most likely candidate would be Twilight. She's kinda had the most visibility out there for the show, no? Most direct association, I mean.
dash is more famous
xD
Within the community itself, I suppose Dashie's the most popular choice of favourite pony, but Twiley definitely have more screen time.
has*
oh lawd Power Rangers in the macy parade
which power ranger did they go with?
There was a Power Rangers float?
J_E_Smith71: True, true...but they'd be looking for publicity. And who has been out there the most?
Sylandest: The new one, but since is the anniversary they had the recent one and a bunch of old ones
^
guys and maybe girls dancing
in power ranger suits
I think in the new Power Rangers show the new team has the power to change into the old Rangers
this is why I don't watch the parade thing
pikachu ears D:
they deflated..
aww
love how the commentaters ignore it
taters
lelel
whyy i would be like you noobs his ears deflated
they not suppose to be deflated
oh hey tmnt
TMNT floAT
i would love to be in a zelda float.. or the mlp fim float
Uh I'd rather MLP be just a balloon if it were a float they'd have to use the G4 live show suits....
and that's a bad thng
?
oh god not them creepy ones
morning everyponies
so how is everyone enjoying Day1 of Steam sale
mornin Zamer
would love to be a derpy ballon handler :>
Zamer: Didn't even notice it.
hi Zamer
more like day 2 Zamer
2hours left before day 2 starts lol
oh god, dead island is on sale
there's a lot more but they're all hidden
I am going to buy the hay out of Train Simulator.
lol
i bought Half Minute Hero
and Costume quest
money well spent for HMH
how is dungeon defenders, anyone know?
not ponies >.>
I have and it's fun
planetside 2 is still terrible
Alchemist: not really
and they do have ponies on sale aniderp
Okay if the friggin ZuZu Pets get a flot MLP should
Alchemist: I've been trying to play the game since it came out.
http://store.steampowered.com/app/45100/?snr=1_7_suggest__13
oh talking about the Macy's parad
Bronysith: lagging out and maintaining 10 fps at 1024*768... no thanks.
I'm only just now actually starting PS2.
J_E_Smith71: you forget the companies pay to be in the parade
have they showed the Goseigers/Power Rangers Megaforce yet
Alchemist: well thats just you
not the games fault
Bronysith: yes, thats why I said its terrible.
and wait zuzu pets had a float?
a game where you can breed magical horses?
Alchemist: terrible for you, it is not the games fault at all, just your shit connection
Bronysith: oh for gods sake, cant I fucking say its terrible?
your reasonings behind it being terrible is bullshit
hi eveypony
Deacon it's one of the best games ever made
lali-ho something
Alchemist: you cant say that the game is terrible, get a better computer, conneciton and stuff and you would like it
Bronysith: no, you are putting something behind it what is not there.
SpeccyRush: Then Hasbro sucks for not putting in money for a MLP balloon
Alchemist: thats like saying skyrim sucks due to the horrible glitches
or the Walking Dead sucks because of it's save bug
hey wrek u baned me for 2 weeks good i was on a ship
I can't play a Bethesda game if it isn't glitchy.
It just doesn't feel right.
i rather the money from the ballon go to more ponies
Kammerjunk: it isnt a bethesda game if it isnt glitchy
if it isn't glitchy it isn't Bethesda
Bronysith: please read back and point it out where did I say ANYTHING you ASSUMED I said. Please.
damn Bronysith ninja'd
Alchemist: you said it is terrible because you lag and glitch out
It'll be great when the PS2 hype has died down and I can start the bloody thing.
Bronysith: so?
That doesnt make it terrible, that makes your connection shit
your connection being shit is no reason to say a game is terrible
is ajisawome on
FUCK CLOWNS
NOT THEM
That would be like saying TF2 is bad cause you cant get a good connection
Bronysith: when I play a football game and I get my ass kicked because my leg hurts and someone asks how was it I say it was terrible and they fucking know what I mean.
why is my sceer no work fuuu
Bronysith: stop putting words in my mouth please.
Hahaha what.
I start up PS2 and immediately see "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet..."
Alchemist: you said that the game sucks because you cant get a good connection, stop blaming the game for your own shitty connection
Bronysith: what dont you get? I just got off PS2 and say it is still terrible. I had a bad experoience playing it. Please fucking allow me to say it was terrible without putting words in my mouth.
Kammerjunk: it's to test fonts
apparently
Hey everyone! :)
hey
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Crystal Empire DVD Already Invading Target
allo RaveBrony
cowvarkian: I know, but it's not exactly supposed to be there. I can't choose a faction either.
Alchemist: you said it was terrible due to your connection and 10 FPS, dont judge a game entirely because of your shitty computer
Kammerjunk: ah, well that's strange
I... What did I just watch?... ...
Bronys0of my god, no matter why it was terrible, it was terrible, if you dont get this, just stop now, we are not gwtting anywhere.
Well, I'm judging the game based on me not being able to choose an empire.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sXasCjUTNpE --- What... What did I just watch?... (Warning, some dirty material.)
Guess I'm playing Terran.
O_o
I've had the game since it was in beta, but I've only played it twice
Hi
hey
lali-ho CCCP
but for the person asking about dungeon defenders its a great game and you dont need the dlc
Hi Deacon!
well unless you want to play with friends then you would
not ponies :<
Well, I guess I'll play PS2 when I can bother finding out how to fix it.
Is there a stream?
Planetside 2 is a pretty good game, pretty good for the new MMO FPS genre, you actually feel like you are one person in an entire army, it is awesome
the buffer is streaming
Meh, I didnt really like PS2, but I can stand playing it.
i wonder how Primal Carnage is
can you imagine if one day
the entire airforce and tanks and ground troops, my god it is like an awesome version of BF3
just to screw with us
a mod actually streamed the buffer wheel
My favourite game on PS2 is Robot Wars Arena of Destruction
but going the other way
Next to Simpsons hit and run
Lol!!
Chrysalis: I'm sure it will happen, if it hasn't already
Chrysalis: I wonder how long it would take for people to notice.
My fave game is both kingdom hearts games.
D<
I loved kingdom hearts so very much...
Kammerjunk people would probably notice VERY quickly, but owuldnt be able to say what was different
Chrysalis: I could tell. Since the play button would be a pause button
so do I Pokecolt ;)
KH wasnt bad
Tx State struuters are hot
did like the gameplay in II, but that's when things got complicated in the story
or, just plain cliche
complicated story is good
can't stand how one-dimensional most media is now
i prefer games that take a modicum of intelligence to play
Briefcase Drill Team? What?
...did you guys just see that?
FFT, Civ series, EVE online, PS2 (even though my teammates dont have any intelligence) :)
Gary's Mod 75% off
EVE Online is a fairly entertaining game.
Zamer: Really??
And with entertaining, I mean that I get so much reading done while mining.
tea
yes
CS:S + Gary Mod: $7
hm
Is there anything streaming?
CCCP: not at this moment, no
CCCP: Nope
the buffer
08,01jevenin all
jevenin to you too
08,01still on the train
actually, mid morning
so, sonci adventure 2 is on steam...huh
08,01zamer: psychonauts
owned
08,01amazing game
Aww
beat twice
08,01also, Alice: Madness Returns
Wonder since its Turkey Day the US mods are all busy with that today, wonder if Wrek will do stuff in their place
doesn't it have a prequal game though
08,01and Quantum Coonundrum
oops
08,01the first Alice game was good, but the graphics and ending let it down a *lot*
Hai everypony
I never finished Alice; Madness Returns :L
wait Linux is getting a Steam variant
Zamer: Eeyup. Well, Ubuntu is.
08,01 Kammerjunk aye i did
08,01but i didnt get into it
What are you guys doing for thanksgiving?
Sittin on my butt, lol
Hi RaveBrony!
08,01but you can get past their beta security quite easil
How about ouy, CCCP? And hi! :)
*you
/me peeks into chat
08,01im quite impressed with steam on linux so far, actually
08,01also yay, i have a 3G signal!
also everyone buy Secret of the Magic Crystal
moin everypony ^^
/me punches DoctoDoctorWho
/me throws a cup at DoctoDoctorWho.
/me throws DoctoDoctorWho at DoctoDoctorWho
Here comes the Sonic balloon
Zamer: Whats the game about? Ive never heard of it :o
best game ever
is all you need to know
and once you get it you must 100% it
Oh fuck off all of you, Im just gonna go sit over in my corner of the chat.
O.o
/me goes and sits in the corner
/me gives DoctoDoctorWho a muffin and some spaghetti
sorry DoctoDoctorWho but that corner is under construction, you will have to leave
http://store.steampowered.com/app/45100/?snr=1_7_suggest__13
HAY GUURLZZ
DoctoDoctorWho is here? WHY DO I KEEP MISSING WHEN HE GETS ON BRONYSTATE!?
/me angrily noms on spaghetti/muffin
Zamer: DAfuq is the game about? Lol
Whats wrong DoctoDoctorWho?
DinkyDoo: his corner is broke :P
you bred legendary horses what else
Just pissed is all.
despite how the game looks it's extremely funny and great
plus you can join the legendary group that has completed it 100%
/me Gives ENGLISH MUFFINNN to DoctoDoctorWho
O.o
Dovah: Well Imma go sit on the fucking ceiling, so there.
also under constrution
/me uses english muffin as a paperweight
woo sonic balloon
damn need to go take a shower but Macy's
sonic
and i have yet to see this SOnic baloon
dumb CBS
I dont even have the energy to argue the value of muffins right now.
08,01http://www.imgur.com/1ItyL.jpeg
Hi thelonepony
Hi CCCP
Zamer: They just showed the Sonic balloon
Hi thelonepony
Hi DinkyDoo
the ronald clown is next..
08,01im boooored on this train
DoctoDoctorWho: yeah thats him
Zamer: But CBS is behind on showing it so they'll show it again there later
/me Fifity million english muffins fall on DoctoDoctorWho
Zamer: Yeah NBC is way ahead of CBS, but maybe they started whoing it earlier in the parade route
bleh, I want to go draw Erza but i'm too damn lazy.
08,01curried muffins
/me is sitting on a completed section of celing so the english muffins fall away from him.
:D
its appalling
Dovah: And look who's right, you had to respond for him.
08,01killerpony7733: funny you should say that, im on my way to an important business meeting
oh crap the meetingh
oh wait...im watching NBC not CBS
erm, suddenly i have things to do
08,01i have to at least pretend to be a professional today
D:
MUFFIN GUNS!
Why did I say that?
/me Uses epic unicorn magic to make muffins fall on DoctoDoctorWho
08,01though when i wear a suit, i always get the urge to do really silly rthings
ugh, why do I still have to wait 8 days till the release date of the WII U, stupid europe...
08,01Chrysalis: actually, its blode now
blode?
08,01because ive not redyed it yyet
that sounds like an awesome colour
08,01had to spend hhalf an hour brushie brushieing today, because it was all mattted and tangled
/me hugs killerpony7733
well, i will be seeing you at the meeting point in about an hour and a half
08,01anyhoos, last time i wore a suit, i ended up running around the train station making airplane noises
08,01with my arms stretched out
Soisoisoisoi
/me snaps nonexistant fingers and makes DinkyDoo's horn dissapear
hi everyone :)
08,01in my defence, i didnt think there was anyone else there
Hi Lil_B
/me Facehoofs self
thanks CCCP :)
/me Brings horn back
/me takes it away and hides it.
/me again
dabi
pls
go
Nah ^_^
/me TAKES HORN BACK
Hello
08,01guys, stop the RPing
08,01unless you want *me* to start /RPing
Oh now you care
Anyone here intrested in a Dota 2 beta key?
yes, we do
ponies where are you? ;_;
sure pony
08,01and trust me, you dont want that
Just got 2 of them and i dont know what to do with them
So now you care
08,01you really dont
Boltasar: we probably don't
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Wave 7 Blindbag Pre-Orders Available at Toywiz
pony_5156 i'll take one
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mdwdmgk1dw1r2to8go1_1280.jpg
Boltasar: or go yo youtube or something
/me suddenly appears on everyones feet
Happy Turkey! :)
Major 0_o
ohey socks
/me noms Socks :3
thelonepony: live entertainment is always better
/me huggles cowvarkian and thelonepony
/me gives cookie to dinky
/me reduces chat to a barren wasteland
Hi Socks
/me uses cpr on chat
They're basicly the same only on fire
/me huggles CCCP
/me Eats muffin
/me shall only speak like this from now on
ohey Socks :)
/me Tells socks to stop spamming the /me command
:D
/me huggles Socks
or you might get banned
its happened before
/me huggles all the chat but mainly thelonepony, CCCP, Lil_B and cowvarkian
http://ask-chibilestia.tumblr.com/image/36088645774
Yay
It's just because people are saying hi far apart from each other :P
I don't generally use /me exept for hugs and stabbing and on ocasion stabhugs(TM)
thelonepony: heard anything?
Got Mail I can't read because my connection won't let it load... the anticipation is killing me!
DoctoDoctorWho: sorry, nothing :/
maybe in training atm
Anyone else intrested in a Dota 2 key?
Hello again everyone :)
go home dora >.>
Lil_B: Is it from a nigerian prince? If so I spoke to him earlier he isn't interested
ohai dere everypilgrim
why is dora on? :\
hai IshPilgrimPony
/me looks at MLP_Brovakiin, takes a running jump and tacklehugs him to the ground.
/me snaps nonexistant fingers and starts making it rain flaming pineapples
Hi MLP_Brovakiin :3
/me noms on MLP_Brovakiin :3
/me nomz flaming pineapples
/me falls to the ground and huggles Socks tightly :3
/me noms thelonepony back :D
/me and explosions, yes it can rain explosions
Yay hugs ^_^
/me nomz MLP_Brovakiin and thelonepony
:3
/me noms IshPilgrimPony back :3
<.<
/me 08,01licks his 3G connection
>.>
you would
Boltasar: Your wish has come true!
08,01i love technology
ohai MLP_Brovakiin :)
http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/30629963.jpg
now that wasnt so bad now was it??
Hai Lil_B :)
oh,. finally got the Bronystate Newsletter, time to fill in my entrys :)
IshPilgrimPony: O.o
/me jumps in front of pillows and nomz them
Can you only sign up for the newsletter during the film night?
08,01did you know that 3/G is so battery hungry, not because of a higher power signal, but because the amount of processing needed for its complex compression and error correction algorithms is so high
Ish!
/me punches IshPilgrimPony
Deacon: What?!
hai!
/me absorbs the blow
/me sets IshPilgrimPony on fire
/me and turns the force of it against DoctoDoctorWho, shatering his fist
/me jumps arround the chat
/me is fire resistant
/me stabs IshPilgrimPony
so much /rp
/me eats IshPilgrimPony
thelonepony: Who's RP'ing?
/me gives DoctoDoctorWho upset stomach
Dat /me'ing
_
meant /me
:I
/me got a Animal Crossing Watch today
an*
/me tells stomach he better suck it up, being upset wont help
THere is quite alot of /me in here today, haha
/me likes /me
/me licks Socks...
Use it too much and it could be dangerous
/me tears a hole in DoctoDoctorWho's stomach and heads for the appendix
like getting banned
it could happen
Yep
it happened to me
Yep yep, not like I even care anymore.
cowvarkian: Do tell *grabs popcorn*
:D
Dat dari
people were using /me too much, wrek threatened, I used it, got a 24 hour ban, and it lasted for 3 days
Dayum cowvarkian
Happy Thanksgiving folks: http://www.homestarrunner.com/turkey.html
cowvarkian: How the...
But that's why you don't do such things at all and ESPECIALLY around wrek
24 hour ban... for 3 days
24 hours = 3 days, da what?
that sounds like a 72 hour ban to me...
it was a 24 hour ban
it just didn't lift
then how did it last for 3 days...
aha
I c
Why put the functionality into the system if you don't want people to use it? <--(knows nothing about IRC)
Bans don't lat for fixed times, they're all permanent on IRC
last*
Ah
To make them timed you have to either manually remove it, or set a timer to remove it for you
so they have to be removed manually
So a 24h ban is just a ban that we remove about 24 hours
and apparently you all forgot
9:15 is me http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0JME7eodTk
Well I leave it to the person who made the ban to unban.
But /me, it's not like sn emoticon or colours, it just changes what you write to italic.
*an
I know
/me appears in purple in mIRC
No shit >_>
:D
>implying mIRC is for mods specifically
mIRC is pretty good.
know your IRCclients people
Am I wrong on that count? Oh :( Socks does bad internets
>actually using a shitty web client
Lel
Socks does real bad internets.
As I say I know nothing about IRC, this is my first one :P
I use Hydrairc
but cant you change the color and stuff in the settings??
But surely the rules of Bronystate should be based around the standerd IRC that it uses not other clients. (Could be talking crap here, don't know)
I use mIRC on Windows and XChat on Ubuntu.
There is no standard IRC client though
Well, IRC is just that - Internet Relay Chat.
I think socks means the web client
*standard
The roleplay rule doesn't have anything to do with the the colour of /me anyway
It's just because we aren't a roleplay room.
the /meing died down quite a lot...
If people want to RP they can go do it in an RP room
Indeed
Everyday I'm RPin'
Lol
I used to RP like you.
But then my D&D team just kinda fell apart.
Socks: He did it after Wrek warned everyone to stop.
Which is a bad move.
I JUST DONT FUCKING CARE!
Kammerjunk: I wish I had ppl to D&D with
DoctoDoctorWho: Then why are you here?
dabi, I knew what I was doing
Sorry if I'm being irritating I just want to know where I stand :P
its just slightly ridiculous why I was banned
You stand on thin ice at all times.
I was banned for a minute a couple of weeks ago.
Ello there everybrony.
Doing anything after Wrek says to stop is bad for your health
but beware, it might just break...
/me sacrifices Malavolent to the mods
cowvarkian: you were banned for a legit reason, just accept that you were banned and get over it
I am your virgin, hand me your gods!
Bronysith: I have geeze ._.
Don't be surprised when a crack in the ice appears under your feet.
cowvarkian: your bitching says otherwise
Bronysith: cool story
i guess no ponies this year :<
Splendidus narratio, frater.
/me wants SuperBrony64|Zzz to wake up...
And not one shit was given.
Kammerjunk: indeed
Malavolent: We want to DoctoDoctorWho as a sacrifice
CCCP: /me isn't outlawed, but excessive use and RPing is
Well, knock yourself out.
or get...
The most dilligent of your followers, a SACRIFICE?
Okay
sacrifice me
DoctoDoctorWho: Hey, gods love diligent people. I hear they taste kind of like beef.
Of all the STUPID!
ASANI!
And not just any beef. That special kind of beef you can only get from the backs of well-fed cows.
/me becomes a super saiyan
I'm just Saiyan', that's what I heard.
/me could care less about saiyans...
I couldn't.
bye everyone
Have fun, aniderp.
Bai aniderp
will be on when im at home
Bye aniderp :)
That's a silly saying, really. "I could care less."
have good thanksgiving everyone
I'll be eating some nice lasagna tonight.
Back from an unsaid BRB, I was eating a sandwhich in slow motion.
/me Is literally twitching with rage
DinkyDoo: Did awesome music play in the background?
Kammerjunk: Yes c:
Neat.
DoctoDoctorWho: You know, you should see a doctor.
/me Crashes into the chat
It's not healthy.
oh hi, Ponies47.
Did I miss anything while I was eating my awesome sandwhich?
Yep
DoctoDoctorWho: what did you dad do now?
Malavolent: Come now, dari never sleeps.
Hai again Ponies47 :p
Is DoctoDoctorWho mad or something..?
Kammerjunk: I dont usually get like this, its just that Im so agitated, because people hardly ever respond! When they do, we're already at this! Do you know what its like to be dilligently ignored?
I do care a slight bit about saiyans
I could do
If I can be bothered to stream
Which is never.
Lazy pom
Sorry DoctoDoctorWho
I heard Jmo want to sacrifice himself.
hey guys
Hai alexxm
Hi alexxm
mhm, Im just gonna go sit in my corner.
I have literally no idea what you're talking about DoctoDoctorWho
Sup alexxm.
DoctoDoctorWho: yes, yes i do, now shush
how are things MLP_Brovakiin thelonepony and Malavolent
DoctoDoctorWho: Well, it's not exactly peak hours. Most people aren't just watching the chat, either. I'm fixing some things for a hobby, for example.
Ohai alexxm
Pretty good, and you alexxm?
/me sits down out of chats way.
how've you been Ponies47
alexxm: Quite good actually, what about you?
DoctoDoctorWho: stop whining, really.
i'm good thelonepony and Malavolent
DoctoDoctorWho: Also, I'm too scared of the spamhammer to talk as much as I could.
ok myself alexxm, how about you?
i'm good Ponies47
And you can just shut up, really. Im done.
Well excuuuuuse me, princess.
Dovah I mean
Hi alexxm
wasnt directing that towards you Kammerjunk
DoctoDoctorWho: what about me? wasnt paying attention.
DoctoDoctorWho: Oh okay.
What a downer.
Needs to go take some happy pills.
Jmo happy pills are best pills
DoctoDoctorWho, what are you gaining by ranting here?
Nothing, Im done.
Right.
I still don't understand why you're upset
I wonder if there will be ponies in the thanksgiving day parade
/me hugs DoctoDoctorWho
/me cries into CCCP's shoulder
hey vordox
DoctoDoctorWho awww :(
Vordox Im here!
how are things CCCP
hello??????????????????????????????
Less ?
alexxm okay
i did this just for fun
Hi Jackson
'Fun'
you starteled me
hai CCCP
WhayPayne is stupid!!!!!!
I need a shot,
Am I the only one that gets headaches when I eat eggs?
You need help.
who
Hi HoneyBadger
Wow, next GalaCon will have French Rarity VA xD
Bye Honeybadger
My birthday is in 2 weeks! :D
CCCP: The last section is they had Thanksgiving floats earlier
badge badger badger badger badger badger badger badger. MUSHROOM MUSROOM!!!
/me growls
Jmo: what? dont you inject yourselg with a stream of pure internet when your feeling down?
I'm never down.
hai
hello!
And I expecially don't jump on the internet if I was ever down.
I am the great and powerfull trixie
J_E_Smith71 I still think its stupid.
hello!
fygwk
especially*
God damn habit
POooooooooooooooooo
i am the trixie
Hi sten
i have been trollin
you hating
Hi TheDamShadow01
./)_-
hi
HI CCCP
You will never be able to hug Fluttershy :<
well Ill be off, keep an eye out thelonepony :)
okay
lol
faaaaaaaaaaaaaat albert
Fluttershy is best poni c:
hai
hai vordox who kept Jackson safe
lol
Vordox, Your not the real Vordox :|
what about my not the real vordox
look
They see me not carin', they hatin'
trololol
trixie
Now
Hi unit741
/me materializes gravy
CCCP: Wait till your Thanksgiving feast
hi
Ponies47 D:
I can just smell the Thanksgiving DINNER :3
Me want! ;A;
CCCP: I'm thinking yes
Lil_B, :3
dabi thinking? wat is dis.
i dont gona get Thanksgiving D:
CCCP: Run to the store while its open and get some?
J_E_Smith71 I'm not rich :p
wait, who got banned?
who?
I dunno, some troll
oh, ok...
thats totally descriptive
Yeah
ok
Ponies47 saw your face on DA xD
How can a ban be enforced? Can't they just change their name?
or just go on a different computer
Lil_B, I know. I'm ugly /).(\
or both
Ponies47 I dunno, I usually ignore Stuff like Beauty :P
lol
datpony
lol?
OMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMG
In a bit of HUB related news, the ever awesome Animaniacs is making it's debut on the network! I used to love watching that show as a kid and I'm happy to see them get another outlet so that they can be shared with newer generations. They will start airing on the HUB Dec. 24th with a marathon running from 4-8pm EST.
animaniacs?!
Zamer: omg live stream that sumica?
:)
cool
dari dari you give to much credit that was no troll that was a waste of life
The Hub just more awesome
just wondering but...when is the new episode coming, i didn't exactly check when the show comes on
Saturday
!cd
Episode 4 of season 3 "One Bad Apple" airs in 1 days, 22 hours, 4 minutes, 29 seconds (Nov 24 15:30:00 2012 UTC)
Lil_B, To many freakin people kept asking me to show them either my face or tell them my real name. So I just decided to show my ugly face
You going to send me his head in a box?
/me snuggles Ponies47
Ponies47 Oo ok :/
now all we need is Freakazoid and Pinky and the Brain and we will have the best programs back on air
Ello
Datpony120: 10:30 AM EST Saturdays
how are things Irish_Pony
yeah?
There are a bunch of old European and Asian Animation Series from the 70's and 80's I would like to see back on TV :(
Hi Itosh_Pony!!!!
Bronysith http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vvy0wRLD5s8
Perfect so saterday ^^
Irish*
that's Animaniacs
Zamer: i know the animaniacs, you fool
ehh,idk what to do with my OC
then rejoice in the glory
Don't know if Tom came on when I tried to bring that up
cd!
!cd
Episode 4 of season 3 "One Bad Apple" airs in 1 days, 22 hours, 2 minutes, 1 seconds (Nov 24 15:30:00 2012 UTC)
There we go
God I miss that show
I hope my A and B Movie will get showsn one day, I wanna vote for different Movies :P
Lil_B: ikr?
Ryunosuke and there are only 52 Votes per year!
either I am unlucky, or whoever does the lotto dislikes me :p
I've had one vote in the last year :p
what were the A/B movies this week i forgot them
Ive had 0 :P
Ryunosuke which at least 100 people enter every week
Ive had 0 as well because i forget to vote
i understand that :p
but then we have had people who seem to win every other week :0
i've won twice one episode one a movie
yeah but it still sucvksa,. sometimes I think I see the Mods names on there too often :P
Silent HILL!
i decided, time to watch some animaniacs
Zamer: Roger Rabbit and Hulk Vs
I've never won anything
Cookies for einstein
oh yea
Mainly because I don't do the lottery
:P
wait didn't we show Roger Rabbit recently
....Silent Ponyville?
I always forget to enter the lottery and when I do remember it's to late ;_;
'you won our friendships' leeeeeel
That's so crummy :P
Friendchips can I eat them, or at least play poker with them?
i remember throughout the entire week then when voting comes i completly forget
Zamer: No cause it would have gotten re-rolled otherwise
Ponies47 Zamer: Still have time to vote, closes tonight
J_E_Smith71, What do you think I'm doing right now since I was reminded? :p
10:28amYo you gotta die those shoes blue and cream son blue and cream! but make sure you get a hat and some shit otherwise that shit will just look silly yo. xD
well I'm gone to feast with family I will see everyone later tonight
I currently have the Seven Samurai OST running... "Rashamon - Masago" lets me think the "Bolero" is starting every second >.<
have fun Zamer
if i don't overdose on Tryptophan
Being Danish, I had a feast of my own. 'Twas not to celebrate Thankgiving, but the coming of winter.
...It consisted of rice pudding.
Kammerjunk there's a tons of dancing singing trees you can chop down :P
>.>
Kammerjunk can I come over and have some?
Well, winter can't be much worse than autumn here. It's all so very dull.
Lil_B: Nope, ate it all.
Hi, Good morning everyone
Anyone here a grammar nazi?
Hai TheGreatAndPowerfulT
Hello TheGreatAndPowerfulT
Kammerjunk damnit, now I'm gonna barricade thje border, thank god people can't cross water
Good morning
Hai TheGreatAndPowerfulT
lali-ho TGaPT
Lil_B: Where do you live?
Ooh, Rashomon would be a good movie pick. I wonder if it would count as A Movie
?
Silent hill :P
Kammerjunk I think there is only one country Denmark has a direct Land-Border to
Kandarihu I voted for The seven Samurai eralier, but now I wanna see Metropolis shown first :P
Lil_B: That's probably true. I dunno, I'm not well acquainted with my own country's geography.
Damn phone
Kammerjunk I'm from germany :P
chrysalis: Auto Correct is a silly thing.
I know I can't stand touch screens
Lil_B: I'd say something in German, but I remember like 5 words.
nien
Kammerjunk no problem, I don't know a single word Danish... except "Dansk" what is the Danish Name for denmark In think ... or was it the name of the danish language in english?... I forgot :(
Well, Dansk is Danish, literally.
derp
pred
herp
lol~
So....
Turkey anypony?
waiting on mine, Major
Turducken
Turkey is yummy O3O
why hello dere everyone
I hope I can get "M - A Town in search for a Murderer" and "Kirikou and the Sourceress". Or maybe "Felidea" or "The Trixxer"
Hai Snow|Drawing :)
dat ping scared the shit out of me D:
sorry :$
Ayo Snow
Rage at the net
How you feeling?
hai Snow|Drawing
you feeling better Snow|Drawing
kinda
still have a stuffed nose >.<
HELLLLLO NURSE
anyone home?
Yes
No.
Maybe
its quiet in here ._.
Possible.
*sigh* guys... i'm tired of my facebook news feed full of the Gaza war thing
Unlikely
nobody but us ghost
Consideration
it's like people forcing me to choose between Stormcloak or the Imperial
Suit + rain is not pleasant
both of them sucks
lelele
Friendly fire is their favourite phrase
It really is quiet today
I CAN BE LOUD IF YOU WANT
nah, we are good thanls
/me grabs a megaphone
*thanks
also, in case anyone missed it the first time, http://i1221.photobucket.com/albums/dd467/DKen2021/4573849_460s.jpg
Oh man, my mom and I have been scrambling to get ready for Thanksgiving dinner at a friend's place, but they friggin' postponed it for Saturday
IS ANYONE STILL ALIVE HERE!?
No.
aw dang, that's the small one
i'm here
Damnit mobinet
my mistake
i can't see anything.. :s
damn i just beat walking dead episode 5
hmmm, how to beat that...
ah i know!
i found Derp nukem yesterday in borderlands 2
wat
Snow|Drawing: Oh yeah, isn't there new DLC for it?
Legendary rocket launcher
there is
arena of some sort i thought
i got some legendary weapons during the normal playthrough,, vault hunter mode really challenges me..
valoreins:ikr
true*
oh cool, I am gonna check that out soon :3
Deacon, do you have a normal version of that image?
i dont have to buy it :P i haz season pass
Kandarihu yea, just found it
Snow|Drawing: Same here :3
and mechro DLC
05that was
05the best
05nap
05ever
in other words....i have all teh dlc
ohai valoreins !
Hai Wrek :D
Wrek: did you snuggle with the plushie?
ohai Lil_B :D
05always :o
Wrek: good, let the fluffiness cuddle yous
Hello people
well, here's a better version, but it's on another site if you don't mind http://weheartit.com/entry/31528748#
Phai Wrek! :D
*ohai
god, why is Animaniacs so goddamn awesome
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: UK Tee Shop TruffleShuffle Expands Pony Shirts - Continues to Seek Feedback
wHo HeRe KnOwS aBoUt ThE mAgIc Of FrIeNdShIp?
<.<
LoOkS lIkE nOnE dO
DiSgRaCe
hello
hey
wrek
:D
Dat Wrek stream O3O
someones on skype I guess :P
dammit, im thinking im getting talked too at steam D:
Oh, Wrek stream
who checked their steam?
God, this is so silly
Oh yay PS2 stream
why wipergone2
i just did
and?>
More PS2! :D
PS2 is a great system
indeed it is
Not the Sony PS2. Planetside 2 :P
why did pinkie and the brain just steal a sheep?
isn't it obvious?
http://i.imgur.com/Tkrvg.jpg
old post is old
the fifth element is on youtube movies, free
for...freeeeeeeee?
uh, sure.
Nice title image Wrek
Naughtymare, the system of PS2 excludes my GPU
Kandarihu: i meant the playstation 2 boyo
Hey guys.
Naughtymare, oh, okay. Sorry
Hai AJfan77
cause playstation 2 is awesome
allo AJfan77
/]
how are things AJfan77
Hi everypony.
Hai DinkyDoo
lali-ho DinkyDoo
Brohoof DinkyDoo /]
/me LOoks at stream
Oh look a stream ^_^
/me Brohoofs AJfan77
how are things DinkyDoo
Would Indie Game: The Movie count as an A Movie or a B Movie? It's 8.0 on IMDB
how much is it's budget?
<_< Seems Legit >_>
Budget:
$CAD100,000 (estimated)
hmm, I think it would be B
but that's just me
Sounds B to me Kandarihu, I'll take a look in a minute
I kind of thought it would be interesting if people start voting for it ONLY when it's Discounted on Steam
What is this music
Raubtier?
I think.
They are some angry ass motherfuckers. But they're pretty good.
Yeah, it sounds like them :3
If it's B, then I can't vote for it. I have something else I'm desperately trying to get as a B Movie.
^^
*^^^
Ah, you like them too, MLP_Brovakiin?
LadyCanary: Yeah I only like them as Wrek introduced me into them on the stream a while back :P
It sounds like a russian having a siezure. No offence to Russians who find this very not funny joke offensive.
/me zaps AJfan77 with a car battery
Ah same here, MLP_Brovakiin XD
:D
Im pretty open to music.
Metal especially.
What music playing now?
We'll probably do something, but I don't think anything is currently planned
LadyCanary: I usually get questioned about them when I listen to them in school though :S damn kids these days and their dubstep or what ever crap everyone listens to nowadays :P
Just like what you like.
Dubstep, blegh
I stopped caring what people think about my music taste a long time ago.
People don't respect music like they did back in the day.
the same could be said back in the day
it's been said every generation anyways
[22:20:17] <AJfan77> It sounds like a russian having a What music playing now?
LadyCanary: My friends always laugh at the fact I watch MLP and listen to heavy metal, kinda a big contrast there :P
But I also like Sara Barielles, Vocaloid music, Kate Nash, Etta James.
sup guys...oh god heavymetal.... ughhhh
Leonid : a siezure is when you lie on the floor, stop breathing and have a spaz attack
MLP_Brovakiin: Like I said, you like what you like. It's what makes people unique and interesting.
Yeah true :)
Ah Wreky is wearing the invisible cloak <3
MLP_Brovakiin: i like rock just i hate metal heavy metal and death metal if there even is a difference
MLP_Brovakiin: this right now is fine and good just the las song was ughhh ear rape
AJfan77, what it das mean?
Also, I HEAR NIGHTWISH (I think)
LadyCanary: what genre
R.I.P. Headphone users
05soudns like someone needs more sabaton
hai guys
:3
Ohai Wreky <3
ollo SpadeMagnes[R
hey LadyCanary
Wrek: Yes please :3
The king of Dubstep is Scrillex
and wrek
Hai SpadeMagnes[R :)
Wrek: GAAAY division :3
I think I played too much Halo because I automaticly thought that was a mongoose
LadyCanary: id rather pass... i hate any kind of metal it just sound like a cluster fuck of instruments and notes and people just screaming. its just my opinion so all the power to you i just cant stand it
slow day for streaming
SpadeMagnes[R: Yeah, I am on that now :P
spitfirecolt well it is thankgiving
I can never understand metal
It just seems like a bunch of screaming
It's an acquired taste, SpadeMagnes[R.
But thats just me I suppose
Rain!
It depends on the artist, really.
I'm muting this and playing Sonic music or something
05i liek this song jsut for its guitar
05but proper metal is queued after
I'm thankful for the fact that My Little Pony friendship is magic is still on the air
Last season and this season is short tho
LadyCanary: ya the only ones i like is the nazi zombies sountrack because they actually sing some times and the guitar isnt just smashing and banging it actually has a good cathcy rythm that you can remember of the top of your head. i still do hate the screaming parts in them though
last contracted season
they may make another season or two if contracts are renegotiated
Do you guys think this place will hold regardless if MLP ends or not?
But to be fair, a lot of metal bands use the loud random banging, but somehow it works.
I want some pony!
:L
Leonid: Go to youtube then.
^
Ryunosuke: wait what mlp is ending
^^
Okay :P
I mean are we still gonna hang around here after it ends? I would like to think so
05of*
Leonid for the love of everything you hold dear, do NOT request ponies on bronystate
SpadeMagnes[R : more than likely because the episodes are still on youtube
SABATOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON
05now here you got some proper metal
I dont like metal but I dont say I hate all of it, I just find it my thing
/me nuzzles Wreky. Thank you, hun <3
Wrek: i have no idea wha a condemign is
*dont
/me also loves sabaton <3 :3
I tend to respect people tastes
Unless its garbage....but anyway
the internet doesn't respect other peoples tastes
Opinions on the internet? HAH!
BLASTPHOMY
AJfan77, internet = society
Also Im kinda sad now
My parents said we would have my birthday party today but they forgot to get me a cake
is it just me or is the sound quality of this track a bit rough?
SpadeMagnes[R: When is it your birthday?
Yeah
It was last saturday
It does sound a bit fuzzy.
I'm listening to Sonic 1's green hill zone because i dont like the music playing
My parents were both workign so we were going to have it today
Oh, happy birthday for last sunfay SpadeMagnes[R :p
*sunday
AJfan77, he has better metal on now
What defines metal?
Its meh
im a brony i love and tolerate im pretty sure i repect everyones opinions unless they are completely biased and dont agree to facts. for example if someone says that COD is the best game ever i will give my opinion on it and tell them what i think. but if someone says Sonic 06 is the best sonic game or even a good game.... then love tolerance be damned i will call them idiots ecause they cant see truth
First came hard rock, which was like Zeppelin.
Then metal moved in.
Sonic 06 can be a so bad its good game sometimes
The ammount of glitches can be hilarious sometimes
Ok i was kicked when i sed i didnt like the music and i did mute it so whoever just kiked me out i did wat u told me to do
Still say the best glitch is Sonic getting shot to the moon
:D
TO THE MOOOOOOOOON
SpadeMagnes[R: at times for the funny glitches but when you get stuck on walls and get to the ball puzle and silver boss fights.... then no it cant
05no, you're still complainin'
mine as well
Ah, Sonic 06. So bad its good
Weh weh weh weh
Hai AJIsAwesome :3
Also once you get the white gem and purple gem you won the game
Hi, MLP_Brovakiin. :)
You can pretty much break the game further with those
Hi agree with u sir
YESSSSSSSS
THIS SONG <3
gnah, I'm in the join queue of woodman :/
GOTT MIT UNS
Every time I see wooman I keep thinking of Megaman 2
*woodman
Par's bass in this song is just exceptional <3
Megaman 2 was an awesome game
I still find it hilarious you can skip Silvers ball puzzle
^
SpadeMagnes[R: i can understand when people say its so bad its good(even if i think its ASSHOLE INCARNATE NO MATTER WHAT.) but when someone says its a actual GOOD game then no... just... no and hell this is coming from the guy whose favorite sonic game is unleashed, i even like he werehog (stages not the concept)
Buck the ball puzzle
It's an awesome, but overrated game IMO.
Some people still say the game would have sucked even if it wasnt rushed
I like Sonic 06 because you just find so many glitches that its fun like the gems or skipping Silvers ball puzzle
Some of the gems are usless really
like the green and yellow gems
Unleashed was originally going to have Knuckles handle the combat sections, but he was scrapped due to time constraints IIRC.
Wait for reals?
White gem and purple gem
Especially the greeen game.
*green gem
Knuckles was supposed to be in unleashed?
Huh...
SpadeMagnes[R: ya the glitches were prob because it was rushed but poor level design and ust terrible gameplay ideas have no excuse
So how about the classics
AJIsAwesome: ya how much you wanna bet if it was knuckles instead of the werehog people would love the game
Im kind of glad they have Eggman/Robotnik the main bad guy again
^
I kind of got tired of Robotnik being hijacked by some monster
Sonic 2 is my fav game of all time.
^still mine
I don't have a favorite Sonic game.
DKC SERIES all the way, and PLOK
Sonic 3 and Knuckles best game of all time
SpadeMagnes[R: i know right. i mean i did like chaos and perfect dark gaia. but im glad that eggmans the final boss even if he does use a divine monster but ass long as hs controlling it in the final boss then thats fine
I love Sonic 3 & Knuckles but i thought there were some moments where the game just wasn't fun anymore
Like the entire lava reef
sonic is terrible
Lava reef had a nice soundtrack though
sabaton - panzerkampf, PLEASE! >_>
mmhmm
Well were in a conversation about him so yeah
Leonid: <333333
I didn't really like Sandopolis. Probably because I kept timing out.
LadyCanary: you ever heard of mastadon?
SpadeMagnes[R: and yes technically thats the best sonic game of all time as it does everything a sonic game shoud do but best game no.. prob zelda or something... but ven though i admit its the best sonic game i still have more fun with unleashed
....
Sith.
Really?
Even though I like shadow, I think he might have stayed dead, or kept the ambiguous idea, is he a robot or real?
But I still like the music of Sandopolis.
I never liked the whole alien bullshit
Carnival Night act 2 was the only time i got a time over
The fucking barrel
Bronysith: I do, dont like em too much.
LadyCanary: i can get that, was just asking cause they are from my hometown >.>
AJfan77 how about that barrel of doom?
SpadeMagnes[R: shut up it wasnt that bad. although i will admit it was kinda dickish
Its not bad once you figure it out but its kind of ambiguous to press up and down
Play Konungens Likfrd whenever you can Wrek. If that's okay with you ^^"
Hey guys!
hai SafariMonkey
Hi, SafariMonkey. :)
I didn't know what to do when i got to the barrel then i remembered sonic shorts because it was only a while back i got to play Sonic 3 & K
god why am i watching animaniacs still
So I'm gonna play PS2 but I need to be added to skype then, please? :)
SpadeMagnes[R: ya especially since all the other barrels responded to gravity and weight instead of button input. it does throw you abit off guard
The one thing I will never understand in Sonic is how you go from the Biolizard to Shadow
It's amazing how the fandom is still around after so many failed installments of the franchise over the years
And my only decent mouse (an MS wireless) has had all its contacts corroded out by battery fluid
Looks at Sonic Genisis GBA
SuperBrony64|Zzz: wake up...
Kandarihu: one of the reasons it is one of the worst game fandoms ever
the 15 aniversarry was not a good year for sonic
^
EVERYONE WELCOME TO BRONYSTATE WHERE ASIDE FROM THE NAME, NO ONE TALKS ABOUT MLP OR PONIES
Bronysith: so, sticking around, no matter what, = horrible fans?
INSTEAD WE TALK ABOUT SONIC AND BAD GAMES
what do you expect from adults... who talks about mlp...
I stick with stuff like Sonic because I feel like it will eventually get better
SpadeMagnes[R: we can only hope
I mean hey Sonic Colors and Generations were good
SpadeMagnes[R : Sonic 06 was ok. Sonic Genisis GBA is the worst game i ever played. and Sonic riders was ok
^^
I enjoyed Colors and Generations.
no im joking ive been on here for about a month. its just cause everyones talking abou everything completely unrelated today
*Colors/Coulors
Sonic Generations 3DS has a FANTASTIC soundtrack
Bronysith: What happened to respecting others?
AJIsAwesome: you do remember its Bronysith right
AJIsAwesome: newfoals and newbs are an exception
Indeed. Most of the Sonic games since the end of the classic era has it's fans, even Sonic 06.
AJIsAwesome : Welcome to the internet
cowvarkian: You do remember we have rules, right?
AJIsAwesome: also,... >on the internet. >taking people seriously
It's just been a broken base
I still will never understand what the Biolizard was for, and the jump from that to Shadow
AJIsAwesome: from what I remember, yes
AJIsAwesome: i liked unleashed colors and generations a lot but i still dont see what the hype is for sonic colors its good just overrated. i mean ya you get only sonic and supersonic but till sonic unleashed had too much speed i find colors has too much platforming
SpadeMagnes[R, uh... um... hmm... ...... ULTIMATE LIFE FORM!
SpadeMagnes[R maybe gerald thought, it was more convient
hi
bye
Isnt it confirmed that Shadow was based on Super Sonic?
and guys i know it was a joke i like mlp about as much as all of you
Carolus Rex awww YISSSS
Bronysith: ikr hahaha lol
SpadeMagnes[R it was kinda implied since it's been known that gerald studied the mural in hidden palace zone
But god damn I hate the Artificial Chaos in SA2
^
SpadeMagnes[R No it wasn't but the design was
poor beethoven
And I turn away for lunch and we have a Sonic discussion
0,5Ew gey
They would always mess up your Ring Count, ridding you of the chance of getting an A rank.
Ew Bacon. :3
Happy Turkey Day AJIsAwesome
SpadeMagnes[R: no its a fan theory a goood one actually. they say gerald robotnick say a mural of super sonic and one of perfect chaos and based shadow off of supersonic and biolizard off of perfect chaos
Happy Turkey Day to you too, J_E_Smith71. :)
Besides
Mario>sonic
Mario=Sonic.
Sonic 2's slicers are MUCH WORSE THAN ARTIFICIAL CHAOS
FUCKING SLICERS
I
FUCKING SLICEEEERRRRSSSS
HATE
SLICERS
Chill.
0,5this vrsion of sonic s so mch bettr than the other lik 10 vrsons cuz dis one is magcl and chaotic nd stuff
somecallmejohnny FTW
BaconMane: ikr
Breakdancing eggmaaaaaan
nothing is more amusing than sonic fans
*Cue various explosions*
YOU GOT THE REFERANCE yay :(
At least with the Slicers, you either have Super Sonic at that point.
Bronysith: You may be right.
SpadeMagnes[R: oh my someone has to make a fan hack call sonic 3cd and knuckles and knuckles
But trying to stay at 50 rings is the problem
people trying to defend such a bad franchise, it is hilarious
Sith, dont try to create drama.
^
So do Sonic Colors and Generations mean nothing to you?
LadyCanary: but he does it so well
Seriously. As stupid as you may think it is, some people still like it.
The chaos emeralds in that game are the hardest in series and i never madie it passed CE #4
Let's keep Bronystate classy, please.
0,5IM NT SONIC
0,5IM MY ORIGNAL CHARACTER
0,5BLONIC
ronic
Elsie xD
Fuck Sonic Advance 2 special stages
Sanic
Sonic & All Stars Racing is pretty fun
BaconMane: THESE NEW POPCORN NUGGETS ARE POPALICIOUS!
/me rap music playing in the distance
Bronysith: sonic is amazing. still i can understand why you think that because of shadot the hedgehog sonic 06 and the rest of the games in his dark age. but before and after that the games were fun as hell
0,5wat?
AJIsAwesome: Dont you mean papanutricious?
SpadeMagnes[R actualy they're quite easy, but the requirement, yea...
SpadeMagnes[R: Indeed and the stpid SP Rings which you lose if you die so you have to go through the whole stage on one life
BaconMane: You didn't see that video he did of Sonic (the restaurant), did you?
SpadeMagnes[R: NO!
Hello everypony can you see my message through this ipad?
0,5nuh uh
SpadeMagnes[R: the special stages are fine. just getting to them...UGHH
0,5Dont want to
lali-ho PonyStationVita
I still love Cream can cheese Sonic Advance 2's final boss
BaconMane: That's what I was referencing.
0,5THESE CRYSTALS R POWRFUL
so we talk about sonic
I made a joke too I just saw that
PonyStationVita: apparently we do
Sonic 4 is an insult to the classics but Epispde 2 was a masterpiece
PonyStationVita: yup your good
Cheese the boss fight...
So how can I get added to the bronystate 'clan' for PlanetSide 2?
sonic 4 2 was good actually
AJfan77 it wasn't that bad, just differnet
Oh god Sonic 4 ep 1''s physics
AJfan77: i know right i still dont know why people hate sonic 4 ep 2. ya i understand there arguments but i still love it
tails made the diffrence
Sonic games that bore me: Sonic Rivals 1 (sequel was more fun), Sonic Battle, parts of Sonic '06
I don't mind Sonic 4 Ep. 2. But do I find it Sonic 4? Not really. But it's a good game by itself.
You know whats a good Sonic game? Sonic Before The Sequel
Deacon Not as bad as sonic genisis GBA but the physics dont exist
Its a fucking amazing fangame
the partner system made the game a bit too broken though
Three favorite games: S3&K, SA 1, Generations
I actually had a great time with Sonic Battle. :$
SpadeMagnes[R: ya it was. is after the sequel out yet
inmmy opion colrs was my favorite plz no hate
You know whats a good sonic game? Any of the original 2d ones.
I love Sonic 2 with all my heart and will defend it to any extent
AJIsAwesome: CANT WAIT
Shadow the hedgehog was eh
you know wha speaking of fan games WHEN THE HELL IS FIGHTING IS MAGIC COMING OUT
i think every 1 can agree sonic 06 was shit
I CANT WAT
So how bout Sonic 4 Episode 3 do u guys think it should happen
PonyStationVita: dont even FUCKING remind me
The ending for Sonic 4 Ep2 sucked though
i want knuckes on ep 3
It was such a letdown
AJfan77: Since Little Planet is still stuck inside the Death Egg, yes.
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Story: The Strings That Make no Sound
wow viewing on ipad is actually good
Maybe not, because unlike Ep 1 there is no To be continued screen
There is one unused in the coding though
Sonic is my favorite video game franchise evr
AJfan77: i hope but you konw the fans. i just hope dimps listens to wha the fans say. ya they fixed the physics but still is it realy neccissary to have so many springs and speed boosterd
AJIsAwesome: Until it comes out I just play Sonic The Fighters after that and pretend the Death Egg blows up there
Dimps loves their pits
And their speed boosters.
Sonic 06 loves speed boosters
You how stupid the sonic fandom can be sometimes?
O god notthe speed boasters
sonic advance 3 was when dimps started becoming... well... DIMPS
Oh, and don't forget the automated sections too.
When Sky sanctuary came out in generations
SpadeMagnes[R as stupid as the brony fandom?
SpadeMagnes[R: IT'S NOT YELLOW ENOUGH!
Sonic Retro whined it wasnt YELLOW enough
THE FUCK
SpadeMagnes[R: I know, right. :S
SpadeMagnes[R: i know seriously sonic sucks because of his eye color.......WTF
Hello all.
lali-ho Jageman
Hi, Jageman. :)
sega better make a sonic game on wiiu or a better version on3ds
GREEN EYES RUINED FOREVER
It's just an eye color, sheesh. :S
AJfan77: CLEMEN FUCK THE WORLD
Also for once I enjoyed Crisis City, I fucking love Modern Crisis city
^
sonic generation on 3ds was meh
Tails cat swim underwater RUINED FOREVER
Anyone else here having a bad day?
I still love that one glitch I discovered in Classic Seaside hill
everything alright Jageman?
Jageman what happened
AJIsAwesome: I've seen other people complain about Sonic's modern design completly not just the eyes
SpadeMagnes[R: ikr and people say its glithy as hell like sonic 06..... seriously no its not
Guess what the glitch did?
sonic generation on 3ds has ton of glitches
0,5We still talkin about blonic
0,5jeez
J_E_Smith71: I know that, but I just don't know why people complain about the eyes of all things.
I bounced over a wall with the bubble shield and a part of the level didnt load
SpadesMagnea[R wat glitch
Schedual conflict, i will not be going to the family Thanksgiving party today.
BaconMane: "Yes, yes!" -M. Bison
aww man Jageman, that's awful
Theres this one wall in Classic Seaside hill, if you bounce over it with the bubble shield, the next section of the level doesnt load
but in my opioon sonic generation 3ds>sonic 06
AJIsAwesome: I've seen people complain about the eyes because"His pupil is too small!"
The coding is still there, just not the graphics
oh cool
J_E_Smith71: :D
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
sorry to hear that Jageman
FAVORITE SONG ON THIS ALBUM
YAAAAAAY
J_E_Smith71: i know honestly even though i grew up during sonics 3d games i in all honesty think modern sonic has the bst design. unleashed i think makes it look the best
yay
Also I love using Classic homing attack
It breaks all the level design
I'm wearing a classic sonic shirt right now
/me wants to cry, but tries to use logic to remind self that emotions are meaningless.
SpadeMagnes[R: Oh, I remember all the rage when people discovered that skill.
'06
i thought u can only domthat on 3ds version
Jageman: good job
....
PonyStationVita: It's a Red Ring reward in the HD version
/me facedesks
PonyStationVita: No in the 360/pc version you get it by getting all the red rings as classic sonic i think
0,5CRAAAAAWLING IN MY SKIIIN
What game is this?
ggo d dammitmi hav ps3
I need a distraction.
It makes playing as classic so fun
It really does. :D
Sonic in Sonic X only has 3 spines RUINED FOREVER :[
Also I think they make a joke about how Unleashed was boost to win
sonic and that 80s cartoon had 5
they did
They put in an ability that gives you infinite boost
But your a one hit wonder doing so
dniwe
and Sonic didnt exist in the 80's
sorry 90s
PINGAS
Seaside hill seems illplaced in Generations though
why does nobody like the vanu?
Gotta Go Fast, Gotta go Faster Faster Fasterfasterfaster! :p
god spnic x
snooPINGAS ussual I SEEEE
anyone remember Sonic SATAM
all iliked about it was tails kissing cosmo
i do
SpadeMagnes[R: Well they did need a Heroes stage, plus Modern Seaside Hill was a good stage
I'm surprised this discussion has lasted this long, and it seemed to liven up the chat
PonyStationVita: but but...what about shadow? D:
Yea but it didnt seem to fit in the dreamcast erra
lo the shadow fight are somthing else
Deacon: Well, you should've seen what it was like before.
AJIsAwesome: best sonic show ever... sonicx coming behind it
The adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog was my fav sonic cartoon ONLY fo RRRRRRRRobotnik
You are dumbots
SpadeMagnes[R: Well saying Dreamcast/GCN/PS2/XBox era was a mouthfull
i'm going to go watch some pony stuff. Ponies help me forget.
Later all.
hope you'll feel better Jageman
Bye Jageman
I actually like Chaos looks intimidating in Generations
Hope you feel better, Jageman. :)
He looked so retarded in SA1
any1 no that sonic moovie where metal sonic and sonic fight at the snow.
Brohoof, Jageman? /]
i miss the chao garden
You are all awesome.
[\
I loved the Chao Garden.
PonyStationVita ja, that would be the OVA
LOVED it.
It may be nostalgia talking but I fucking love City Escape
wonder if bronystate will accept ova for a b movie
probably
SpadeMagnes[R: the song the sa2 level or the generations song mix or the generations level
must be an hour long iirc
PonyStationVita: Only a hour so probably not
Both actually
awww
YOU MIGHT KNOW WHAT IM GOING TO DO BUT THATS NOT GOING TO HELP YOU BECAUSE I KNOW EVERYTHING YOUR GOING TO DO!!! STRANGE ISN'T IT! I had to do that
PonyStationVita: ova?
sonic ova
AJfan77 you forot the GRRRR
My hat's on fire!
PonyStationVita: never heard of it.
SHUT UP! EAT ME!
Deacon : RUINED FOREVER
im afraid of lightning my fav tails line
YOU'RE NO HEEEEEELP
and shut up tails
i love both songs and the generations level. i used to like the original level but idk it aged not so well just feels a bit to linear
I love the parody of the Sonic OVA
^
its so hilariou
WOOOOOOOOOOW my heads spinning
SpadeMagnes[R: Sonic Bastardized?
AJIsAwesome: Thats the one
Only one thing I've noticed though out Sonic is, regardless of the gameplay, I always fucking love the music
i agree
^^
13http://i.imgur.com/Y5k0e.png
SpadeMagnes[R: with out a doubt
Shizuschlafen: XD
Shizu Shizu! Good morning <3
SpadeMagnes[R: Agreed...Sonic 06's second town stage music was good
I mean to Sonic 06's credit it had a nice sound track
the game just sucked ass
Sonic Music is Awesomre
SpadeMagnes[R: i think im the only one that has an ipod which 3/4s of the music is sonic music. the rest being other video game music
sonic 96 had the worst sonic design
im sorry 066
sonic 96?
no06 damm ipad
sonic 066?
Get a load of this
PonyStationVita: hahahaha ipad fail
its my ipad 06 every 1
Think you can make it over here, Sonic?
13zzz
GET A LOAD OF THIS
its no use!
Silly Shizu, you are not shlaufen
SpadeMagnes[R: get a load o-get a load o-get a load o-get a load of this
HOW ABOUT THIS?
its no use!
A Shizuka appears
PonyStationVita: NO STFU
srry
Away, before i make mincemeat out of you...
Robotnik makes impresive robot ...shame they have glaring weakpoints
*robots
SpadeMagnes[R: im listening to jungle joyride night. OMG that CELLO, or is it a violin, viola?
Reminds me of Wily
GAAAAAY division :333
reminds me of that death battle of drwily vs dr eggaman
SpadeMagnes[R: Except for the Egg Dealer when it has programmed to attack himself
damn planetside crashed..my pc can't handle so many people
J_E_Smith71: To steal a joke someone else on a video made, he was feeling Emonik that day
ekips, mfw Prosiebensat.1 is the german Planetside supplier
lo any1 have any good sonic short jokes
you know what somehting i have to say right now some people think its sonic adventure some think its adventure 2 and somethink its colors. but honestly sonic unleashed has the BEST and i mean THE BEST sonic sountrack ever if not the BEST soundtrack ever
Tails is INVINCIBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUL
You dare to infiltrate my home to steal my precious jewels
Invi I have no Prosiebensat.1 account and playing anyway :23
PonyStationVita: no, but i have some good off-color jokes
05so much sonic talk
05sonic sux
05lol
the chaos emerals belong to me
LEL
Now leave you spiky little fiend if you know whats good for your heaaaaaalth!
Wrek: GTFO LOVE AND TOLERANCE BE DAMNED
That's your opinion, and you're entitled to it. :)
Wreky: GAAAAAAY division
well it managed to keep the chat lively
ekips, how? I tried the steam version and it says ''you need that crap'' (sadly not literally)
how dare you try to break my rules
when does ep 4 air?
u bring me light tomy lare you must die
Invi why would you want to use steam if you can play it without just fine?
!cd
Episode 4 of season 3 "One Bad Apple" airs in 1 days, 20 hours, 10 minutes, 32 seconds (Nov 24 15:30:00 2012 UTC)
!cd
Episode 4 of season 3 "One Bad Apple" airs in 1 days, 20 hours, 10 minutes, 31 seconds (Nov 24 15:30:00 2012 UTC)
ekips, becuz it's easier ^^
i saw the prome for it
Give those back!
Wrek: TRUE TRUE but i listened to metal and i hated it. you ever play a critically praised sonic game
Invi just download it from the original site and use your beta account
NOO~
Tom: Learn some grammar, its 1 day.
ekips, ah have none
Invi You were not in the beta? Oo
bad sounds like pinkie pies rock from pinkie of ehatever itscaled
ekips, nop
05i played sonix
05i HATED it
Woop
what is vienf streamed?
05you got to respect that
05as I have to respect your opinion in games
05so stop whining
Invi strange, then you have to go with Prosieben.Sat1 it seems :P
Wrek: which sonic game for all we know it could of been 06
Wrek: Which ones? The original Genesis ones?
ekips, but.. bh ^^
Wrek: I respect opinions, regarding they are valid complaints
I loled when there was a G3 pimkie pie referance
what is bieng streamed?
i liked the lyra refernce
It's fine if people don't like things. But please don't discourage the people who like it ( for everyone in general). :)
pony_4442: Planet side 2 :)
pony_4442: wrek playing some planetside
pony_4442: PLanetside 2.
Invi should've made a beta account, would've gotten a nice decal too :P
ty
No problem. :)
AJIsAwesome: i know but they have to play it before they can make a full opinion on it. its the same thing with brony haters
wow a pistol hmm
ekips, i didn't even know that game exsisted since yesterday ^^
Invi and 500 free station cash :P
But god damn I hated Big the Cat
Wrek: seriously which sonic games did you play
I think Sonic must have been the first videogame that I was hooked by the cartoons first
WHERE'S MY FROGGY?
My mind was blown when I found out Duke Nukem voiced Big
I was like what the fuck
SpadeMagnes[R: :D
big is also voiced by that guy from duke nukem
Invi wow, you missed a few streams haven't you? ^^
05im proving a point, stop beign uptight
i thought Big was ok i didnt mind him because he didnt have many lvls
13Wrek: copper
As a fishing mechanic, he's "okay". But does he have to be in a "Sonic" game?
Wrek: the ones that were just playing and i dont like it. now that i said that tell me which sonic games did you play
the fishing lvl froogy where r u
AJIsAwesome: ikr
They apperently made big because they wanted a character who didnt have to go fast all the time
That or to advertise sega bass fishing...
He can easily jump in the water and grab him
ekips, i saw that game here but uuuh *shrugs
^
i think colrs did a good job on jokes but a bad job on lack of variet on characters
He could also cage the frog so that he would never get away.
/me likes this song~
Invi ?
Who voiced Robotnik in the sonic cartoon?
Well Wrek I think he's asking because he's probably seeing if you only played the ones that everyone thinks sucks, or if you played the classic ones that are considered good (Like Sonic 3 & Knuckles which is the best in the series)? If you think the originals suck that's fine, but maybe they think you're judging it on the later games that sucked
ekips?
SpadeMagnes[R: Which ones?
yay
The Adventure of sonic the hedgehog one
Wrek: im not being stubborn i just want to know what sonic game you played cause if you played a bad one then you dont really have a good opinion till you play the good ones. if you played the good ones then i wont understand you but ill respect your opinion
happy thanksgiving everypony :)
05i dont know why he keeps askign as i told him i was provign a point
SpadeMagnes[R: Long John Bradly
Happy Thanksgiving, Sketch_Toku_Brony. :)
Invi I meant: Please provide more detail concerning your last statement :P
Im not sure which robotnik it was but I remember one of this is the same voice actor for Pooh Bear
SpadeMagnes[R: :D
SpadeMagnes[R: SatAM it was Jim Cummings
SpadeMagnes[R: I hope that that's the AOSTH one. :D
Sabaton, Sabaton~
ekips, neither did i know what was played not that it was free and i also didn't care about it because i thought it was another expensive thingy gamy stuff ^^
AJIsAwesome: Nope it was SatAM
any 1 think the sonic racing game released a few days agonis a rip off of mario kart 7
*nore
*nor so
13http://i.imgur.com/R7VRT.gif forget turkey let's have some beef
J_E_Smith71: That's even better. :D
Wrek: look im gonna shut up but just play a good sonic game and then come back and tell me you dont like it and youll have a good opinion and statement
Invi that's why you always ask the holy question "What is on stream?"
D: Poor cow, Shizu
I never liked turkey.
PonyStationVita: Even so it has some really good track design
hmm true
ekips, well... meh ^^
Its kind of a stupid argument to say one racing game is a rip off of a nother one
Wrek: and play it with an open mind or your no better than a brony hater. k just try them
Mario kart double dash <3
all racing games seem similar to me
does any 1 have the mlp app for ipad i need scootaloo for hearts
I hated double dash
I loved Double Dash.
I always had to play with koopa to use triple shells
how many rainbow roads have there been
AJfan77: Depends. How many MK games have been made?
7
Anyways I got into Sonic when I saw the promotional comic for the first game. I wanted it but I already had a NES & SNES and my parents thought that was enough
according to mario kart 7
I never played super mario kart but I remember the AI being super dickish in that game
there was even one is Sonic R and one in FZero GX
I hope they're counting the MK GP ones.
SpadeMagnes[R: DOn't bother. That game's INCREDIBLY hard to win.
*Don't
hey if any one wants to friend me on the mlp app game on ipad type in my name and i will give you my gifts evryday.
Funny enough I never had Sonic 1 until the Mega Collection came out
^
anyone ever meet a brony hater in real life
You too AJIsAwesome?
On a entirely different topic, I fucking love reading Dwarf Fortress forum playthroughs
J_E_Smith71 same here the first few sonic games were before my time
I grew up with Sonic 2 (even though I can't remember it), and I played the Sonic 3+ Knuckles CD.
05I dont take kindly on you calling me a brony hater man, thats low.
<.< Oh jesus....
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1353562264495.jpg
Wrek: He's talking specifically to you?
Sonic 3 CD & Knuckles & Knuckles
Wrek: i never did call you that
J_E_Smith71: Yep. :)
I LOVED Mega Collection.
05so by your logic i can tell you to lsiten to some proper metal and if you dont you are no better than a hater? tsk tsk
05just go sit in the corner and chew on something
Maybe we all need to calm down....
alexxm: Funny enough I was around when it came out but for some reason my parents never got it for me, even though it was released
Also on a entirely different topic, Disney is putting a starbucks in the Magic Kingdom
SpadeMagnes[R: Already one at DCA
SpadeMagnes[R: inb4 Disney themed drinks.
Pssst thats the que to calm down
J_E_Smith71 did you have the sega consle?
The problem I have with it is their replaceing the mainstreet bakery with the starbucks
I still have the Genesis controller, but not the console.
I loved the bakery
alexxm: Yep had a Genesis, had all the Sonic games except for Sonic 1
never owned a sega consloe
SpadeMagnes[R: Yeah would have been fine if they just added Starbucks drinks
Did megacolelction have Sonic 3 and K?
i want a Dreamcast
I was very close to buying Sonic 2 Genesis at a Blockbuster as a kid, but I didn't have a Genesis. :<
actually no i dont, i just appreciate what the dreamcast did
I remember when I rented a Dreamcast and SA with it.
13if you don't listen to bronze you are not a metal fan
I found it stupid Sonic's ultimate Genesis collection didnt have Sonic 3 and Knuckles
is nintendo why sega stppoed making consloes
They had a bullshit reason for it
No disc space
You know, when they would allow you to RENT CONSOLES.
god, all the 4th wall breaking in animaniacs
Then later they release the thing with Sonic 3 and Knuckles on it! as a special edition!
AJIsAwesome: lol reminds me of that video on YT where the guys sleeping and his phone rings,he pick up everything BUT the phone lol picks up a Genesis "Hello? F:[K!" then pick a banana does the same thing then a BUNDLE of bananas :D
Its one thing to not put shit in a game, but when you make up bullshit excuses its worse
I never got past Windy Valley as a kid.
genesis does what nindont any1 no that commercial
i do
i saw avgns paradody of it so funny
Super nintendo>gennesis
Super Nintendo=Genesis.
nin10doh
Nintendoes what geneisnt
:3
SNES was badass
cratorkid: I remeber that video series. :D
avgn was a nintendo defender and said sega sucked
BLAST PROCESSING!
Also what the hell is Blast Processing?
man they need to make game commercials like the ones from the 80's to 90's :D
And I'm back from swimming! :$
SpadeMagnes[R: It doesn't do anything, it's something they came up with to help with sales.
AJIsAwesome: :) think i will go watch that again once the stream ends :P
get thepower nintendo power
Welcome back, MadSurge. :)
PonyStationVita: Not really he did a Sonic video where he talked about his memories from playing the classic ones
The anime comercial for Black 2 White 2 should be a show
PonyStationVita: Not anymore
rip nintendo power
i know
hey MadSurge welcome back :) got your mane wet i see? :D
SpadeMagnes[R: A show where Ash finally isn't the main character anymore.
wasnt Phantasy star 4 on the gennesis?
i need to play that
Hi everypony and happy Tday!
how've you been MadSurge
Seriously the Anime trailer for Black 2 White 2 was fucking amazing
AJIsAwesome: lol i think Ash is a highlander or something :D
Sketch_Toku_Brony: and tired, yes :D
I mean, I like Ash and all but can they just shift to another main character?
hey Turkey_icybeauti
how are things Turkey_icybeauti
buffer
Hi, Turkey_icybeauti. :)
But ash sounds like he smokes....
phantasy star 4 was a great game
AJIsAwesome: Not to mention he's always going to lose
and yes genesis
Hi cratorkid AJIsAwesome and alexxm
pokemon is THE most repetative anime in theworld
Hai Turkey_icybeauti :D
Has ash ever won any championships?
helost vey final battle
Hello Turkey_icybeauti!
and MLP_Brovakiin
nope
and whoever else shall say hi to me...I'm too lazy to ping.
He won orange island which wasnt important
He could have been a fuckign Frontier Brain
Gen 1: Said he's going to catch all the pokemon in the world. Gen 5: Barely has enough to make a percentage.
what a yutz
He turned it down..the fuckwad
Turkey_icybeauti: how are you? :)
fine thx
SpadeMagnes[R: yeah have im win the one tourny that wasn't in the game
Also Pikachu losing to a newbie snivy was bullshit
SpadeMagnes[R: And that could've been the chance where they could've shifted to another character.
Well, in technical terms he didn't. He only does in the movies.
did anybody else read the creepy pasta about ash?
Pikachu has fought LEGENDARIES AND EVERYTHING
And he lost TO A FUCKING NEW SNIVY
i mean come on
The fuaq
Pikachu fights legendaries, can't beat 1st gym...:P
SpadeMagnes[R: Only time Ash can beat the Elite 4 is in the Pokemon Ash Grey hack
Red took down an entire terroist organization with his pokemon
sorru every 1 have to go if any1 wants to add me on mlp app for ipad do so so i can gift heatrs bye. illsee guys for movie night and season3.
and he was 10
I dont buy the bullshit Zekrom disabled Pikachus electric attacks
pikachu has iron tail
and quick attack
Did stream die?
Well, I'm going off to my aunt's for dinner. I might come back later. Bye evrypony :)
iron man
ash is what? 29 and he still doesnt ever win a tourny?
i am waiting for iron man 3
Hello LadyCanary! :)
Bronysith: in the show he's still 10
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-X03D3tSVU In the meantime check out this awesome trailer
bye everypony add me on mlp app for ipad goodbye.
<_<
cratorkid: but its been 20 years
Bronysith: Not to mention one episode he fuckign says its been oen year since he met pikachu
Time compression
Bronysith: just like Bart and Lisa :D
The fuck
Bronysith: i know, but he stil never ages, there is a creepy pasta on it, ill find in in a sec
MadSurge: exactly
he never ages because of Ho oh
Did stream die?
or whatever that pokemon is
LadyCanary: i guess so
Oh wait, nevermind. I know what happened.
LadyCanary: seems like iy
*t
I say the ppeople who made the Black 2 White 2 trailer should make the new pokemon anime
ash never ages because of Ho oh
Its much better than the one we have now
http://creepypasta.wikia.com/wiki/Ash's_Coma
^ why ash doesnt age
... the title spoils it all
slappy the squirrel <3
Also the first season of pokemon had so many errors
dang it y u post creepypasta during my 2:45 AM time in my place...
Hello Invi :)
hai MadSurge ^^
One episode had bulbasaur use fucking whirlwind
:D
valoreins|Work: >:D
SpadeMagnes[R: Don't forget the Jelly Filled Donuts!
SpadeMagnes[R, the game has also some errors
Even as a kid I could tell those things wer enot donuts
One last comment before I leave.
Gak
also you know what they edited a rice ball rolling down a hill into?
Invi: the whole Psychic class was bugged up the ass in Gen1 :D
This seems to be a great movie. I might vote for it in the next lottery :D http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-2LUssy5lwA
MadSurge, and many more funny wunny bugs ^^
g :[ k
MadSurge, Missingno. ^^
Pin missile was the shit in gen one
Does that script still work?
05there we go
where we go?
05hmm
Invi: I'm glad that Gen 5 made all classes liable to get through the game with :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oER05_nm0B8
05maybe some...
Wasnt critical hits based by speed in gen one?
One of the most broken Pokemon in the game.
SpadeMagnes[R: That and some other factor, I think.
AJIsAwesome: not anymore :D
MadSurge, isn't gen5 that black/white stuff?
What's the bronystate squad in PS2?
Invi: yep
ah okay. can't talk about that since i never played it MadSurge ^^
Stat wise I find White Kyurem better than Black Kyurem
SafariMonkey NLP and actually go ingame and add wrek
Its move set is more special than physical base
SpadeMagnes[R: Well, Reshiram has always been more useful than Zekrom.
SafariMonkey If you can do that wrek can invite you to the outfit
Invi: they made bugs cool and you can't import nor catch old gen mons until you're done with the story :)
What's wrek's name? is it wrek?
The kyurem fusion has a lack of physical moves which Black kyurem can use
But its loaded with special ones
I still wish Electric move's power was boosted in the rain.
I still cant get over how less animated White Kyurem looks compared to Black
That way it could compete with Fire +Sunny Day.
05my computer is still a bit unstable
05but its better than yesterday
Take your time, Wrek. :)
05good to see the cleaning helped
^^
Wrek: Can you add me on PS2?
its wrek
05jsut add Wrek and ill sort it the next time i log on
Wrek: is it going to become self aware soon?
05as for now
inb4 Skynet.
bitch please
AM is much worse than Skynet
6 on 6 wailord battle
05right now im contemplating streaming somethign different
WHERE IS YOUR GOD NOW
SpadeMagnes[R: :D
MadSurge, they made bugs cool? i found them always cool ^^
6 mewtwos vs 6 mewtwos
The world is doomed.
MadSurge, i have 2 on lvl 100
Im still awaiting the day when you can combine zekrom kyurem and reshiram to its origional form
Invi: good for you!
ditto ^^
oy, whos your guys fav animaniacs characters?
05so im thinking....
All of them, Bronysith.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fdZBvGp3sTE&feature=channel&list=UL
AJIsAwesome: i love the dirty jokes they have on there XD
Also, I LOVE the fact that Animaniacs is coming to the HUB.
<3
05while i sort what to watch
05have some music
05stream will be un whin the minute
Ludwig Vann Bethoven! World famous composer, and pianist!
Yakko: You're a what?
AJIsAwesome: A WHAT?!
A pianist!
Yer a wizard harry
GOOD NIGHT LADIES AND GENTLEMEN
How are you doing everyone?
Yakko: Good night, everybody!
/me wases AJIsAwesome mouth with soap
SpadeMagnes[R: harry, you're a wizard
Hi, turtlegod98. I'm fine, how about you? :)
Drink more ovaltine
Im not a wizard! Im just harry!
I'm doing great
seems hasbro is getting better by the moment
turtlegod98: Great to know. :)
ALSO, MORE DAN VS. !
you know what The hub also needs to add?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FnjAOqQrUp0&feature=relmfuI love the Colress battle theme
Hi everypony.
Batman TAS
Hi, DinkyDoo. :)
Bronysith: Doesn't it already have that?
OMG I LOVE COLRESS BATTLE THEME!!!!!
AJIsAwesome: not yet
I see it on the HUB from time to time.
AJIsAwesome: I thought they did
Animaniacs and Batman TAS are the two best animated shows ever
It's usually on certain days or late at nights.
One for comedy adn the other for just pure epicness
I was more a Pinkie and the Brain kind of guy
The last episode I saw of that on the HUB was the Mr. Freeze backstory episode.
SpadeMagnes[R: thats animaniacs
Ah, the Wheel of Morality.
turn turn turn
So many FOX jokes. :D
SpadeMagnes[R: it is part of the animaniacs,
Wheel of Morality turn turn turn
AJIsAwesome: http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/87b35c268c037262f658c8fc6ff58b6e.jpg best sisters :3
Away, you children and give me the bird!
A stream!
Bronysith: they show it
Yakko: Oh, I'd love to but the FOX censors wouldn't allow it.
Bronysith: they have been since september of last year
oh, stream's starting
Why is Fox so easy to make fun of?
cowvarkian: they already have batman TAS on the hub?
No more youtube links beyond this point.
yes
SpadeMagnes[R: cause they stupid
Bronysith: they have for a year
cowvarkian: that is really good to know
MadSurge: She sure is. :D
Has the Aquabats been confirmed for another season?
05sogn title text readable?
The warner brothers (and sister)
Wrek: Yep. :)
AJIsAwesome: yes
Sweet.
Wait, who's streaming?
wrek
05DinkyDoo: read in the corner
/me Notices corneer
So did anyone do a Touhou joke on the next episode yet? :P
Oh... darn i'm stupid today..
Happy Hearth Warming Eve everypony!
Its...not hearth warming eve.
Hello, Eddmario. :)
MadSurge: http://derpy.me/6e5vI :3
wrek is so awesome
AJIsAwesome: pretty horsie :3
why do the warner brothers and sister, greet everyone by kissing them? XD
Bronysith: For teh lulz?
05there we go
05that works
05rite? :3
05also spitfirecolt: i dotn even know who you are.
Of course. :3
i cant remember, was Ren and stimpy any good?
It was.
i mean for the stream
But it was pretty creepy.
Especially the Fan Club episode.
im sure it was just pure insanity, right?
Comical insanity, I would say.
Hey Wrek and Sumica, I've requested you both...
i'm back, everypony.............and i'm afraid i'll miss movie night tomorrow night, but i won't miss the new ep, and Euro night
Welcome back, Dark92Enigma. :)
Also, FANTASY MOOOOOOOOOOOONTH!
/me ''It's the most, wonderful tiiiiiiiiiiiiiiime of the year---''
CN;s been showing nothing but Looney Tunes today, sweet
my pony tail looks like rarities tail
minus being purple >.>
J_E_Smith71: I know, right?
Bronysith: Die it purple. That way it's fabulous~
*Dye
DIIIE it purple
J_E_Smith71: Awww yeah....it doesn't get any better
LadyCanary: should i dye my hair purple?
oh, right, next MLP episode
Infected Mushroom ,eh? hm.
...Sith. For the love of god. No.
Absolutely not.
:D
So, did anybody watch the McDonalds Thanksgiving Parade in Chicago today? When Santa showed up they played and danced to Gangam Style
Eddmario: .......
who is streamin?
Eddmario: fuckign really?
haseo348: Wrek is. :)
Eddmario: i hope santa put them on the naughty list for eternity after that
LadyCanary: BUT Bronysith PURPLE?
ahh
Wait what happened AJIsAwesome
?
i like pokemanz
What do you mean, Canary?
What did eddmario say
LadyCanary: someone asked him who was streaming
One second.
hey Dark92Enigma
[14:04:51] <Eddmario> So, did anybody watch the McDonalds Thanksgiving Parade in Chicago today? When Santa showed up they played and danced to Gangam Style.
....
No they didnt.
LadyCanary: AND Eddmario asked him if he watched Santa dance to GANGNAM STYLE
Oh, yes they did.
OH
IN CHICAGO
too late :$
hi alexxm!
It's cool, Dark92Enigma. :D
anyways
Yeah in NY that didnt happen.
in my slumber i didst hear its
http://i.imgur.com/drZCn.jpg :pinkiesmug: :D
05this is a good song
05proper techno
05none of that wubstep shite
MadSurge: Smug Pinkie is best Pinkie.
*pinkiesmug
how've you been Dark92Enigma
AJIsAwesome: indeed :$
#PinkieSmug
lol
I'm scared
i meant
Why, turtlegod98?
#SmugPinkuie
You really want to know?
#SmugPinkie
*
damn my keyboard
alexxm been fine, have some troubles with scheduling, but i WILL make it to the next MLP episode and the Euro night
I CAN'T WAIT
LadyCanary: didnt you say you were going to sing the GITS stand alone complex intro song?
MadSurge: Aww, Pinkie. :(
happy turkey day
I've been trying Bronysith. Cant get it down.
Happy Turkey Day, taoumi. :)
LadyCanary: it is an...interesting song, thats for sure
/me hugs Pinkie Pie since he didn't had the chance to do so in the episode premiere
05or is that just me?
05:o
say that three times fast
so whats going on?
05aaaaaaapparently jsut me :|
Whoops, time to SPEED UP!
LadyCanary: how many different languages is that song anyways?
Wrek: What's going on?
just 1 day
Wrek is it that just you that it doesn't have dubstep..............yes
Not sure Sith.
Sup dudes what's 'appening :P
Hi, Socks. :)
So today it's Thanksgiving?
AJIsAwesome: Wrek thought this song <---- doesn't have dubstep in it
MadSurge: For most, not for some. :)
/me hugs AJIsAwesome
Today is thanksgiving?
Dark92Enigma: Oh.....
Wrek what happened?
/me hugs Socks. :)
AJIsAwesome: hmmhmm
05i said thsi is a nice song
Ah ^^"
05better than any of that dubstep shit :P
Hai Socks :)
we don't have that in my country, but i heard of it
oh
Wrek: OH. :D
SEVERAL TIMES
MadSurge: id hug that
/me hugs all of chat to avoid rp spam chat again
MadSurge: You can never have too many Pinkie Pies. :D
MadSurge: but an armada is usually a ship fleet
Anything would be better, Wreky. I didnt know you fancy Infected Mushroom
13wreeeeeek
05yes dear?
>.>
13symphonatic plx
13:3
AJIsAwesome: NEVER. Never enough Pinkies. :D
^
13best infected mushroom track
oh shit, Wrek is turning into otakon
05but im startign the actual show after this song :o
05it hsould work
13:o
05in theory
http://joyreactor.com/post/456921
....
05...
Bronysith: It's not a bad thing..............
it's a good thing
DDP for the win
Dark92Enigma: some might say it is a bad thing
/me canary cries Bronysith.
DinkyDoo: ayup
cowvarkian: point taken
/me takes out his ear plugs
LadyCanary: im sorry what?
http://weheartit.com/entry/35735143#
the .mov's another area of Brony culture I would not touch with a 50-ft. laser pole
Oh, that's what she meant by canary cry. :D
Say that again Sith. I freaking dare you.
o_o
/me wants to see that happen
See what happen?
http://i.imgur.com/SF8ze.jpg Dat giraffe Twilight :D
The animation is wonderful
Socks: Ask Jappleack though is much better
MadSurge: Pinkie's physics breaking is rubbing off onto people? :D
....
OH MY GOD
OH SHIT
:O
05feck
YES
Samurai Jack!
Wut?! :O
so, I'm guessing something happened
MadSurge: :D
Long ago, in a distant land.....
/me smooches Wrek. THANK YOU SWEETIE.
AJIsAwesome: I AKU, THE LORD OF DARKNESS
Socks: no really, Gilardi can make good stories when he's not making stupid jokes :D
R.I.P mako
05sound is fucked
Good morning everyone. :)
Actually it's I AKU THE SHAPESHIFING MASTER
aku aku
O_o
long ago.
Now it's screensplit too
no wait thats something diffrent
LadyCanary: sorry, grew up with this kickass show in a different dub :$
Good morning again AdamTheDuck_ :P
Hi, AdamTheDuck_. :)
LadyCanary: what was his voice actor? mako? cause i know he was the original VA for Iro in airbender
Oh I see, Dark92Enigma
Hey AdamTheDuck_!
Twas Mako.
LadyCanary: because i'm from Chile
Mr. TheDuck! Long time no speak!
Ooh, what's this?
Ah, that works.
hi AdamTheDuck_!
AdamTheDuck_: Samurai Jack
:O
AdamTheDuck_: Samurai Jack :3
Oh my, nostalgia moment :$
<.<
Wrek Sessions are best sessions
The visuals........
UGH Gennedy Tartakofsky you freaking genius <3
^
This is amazing
NOSTALGIA BOMB INCOMING
duck and cover?
cowvarkian: no, stay and watch
nostalgia nuke.
how is duck and covering going to protect us from radiation?
this needs a movie to end the series
spitfirecolt: original VA for Aku is dead though...sadly
Bronysith: WHAT?! :O
he is that sucks
spitfirecolt i heard it was going to get a movie
spitfirecolt: Genndy says he's working on it
What a lovely Thanksgiving meal I just had. Nothing like sitting down at the table eating food and listening to your mother's boyfriend scream his head off at the football game ^_^
awesome
Welcome back, Ponies47. :)
:O
Ohai Ponies47 :P
Why is this animation so good?
AJIsAwesome: remember that NC made fun of Mako? that was the man who voiced Aku
hay ponies47
Welcome back Ponies47 :)
Bronysith: because a wizard did it
who was the head animator for Samurai jack?
Aww <3 what a cutie!
that momment when someone spells hey with an a.
Tiny jack <3
Tiny Jack is 2nd best Jack.
Bronysith looks like craig macarakens style
it is
and lauren fausts husband helped with this also right?
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Hot Topic Shirt Sale - Pony Shirts 10 Bucks
It actually IS Craig McCracken
13thanksgiving with a dysfunctional family... yaay...
NO SELL
Shizuka: i know that feel...
owait, no i dont
Shizuka: cue the Osbourne's theme
hey guys
things that ruin thanksgiviiing~
.... D:
NO :'(
Shizuka: my family just doesnt talk
how are things cratorkid
NO! :(
Hello cratorkid
Poor Jackie
And then Jack's mom goes full awesome.
Hi, cratorkid. :)
Shizuka: sorry to hear that.
All of the sudden have catapaults and an army of soldiers ready and loses.
Shizuka: crazy....but that's how it goes
Hai cratorkid :)
alexxm: pretty well, ty
:(
or has awkward forced conversations
hey AdamTheDuck AJIsAwesome MLP_Brovakiin
Well that escalated quickly
turtlegod98, they had them just for when Aku shows up. They thought it would be useful
Bronysith: chinese vikings?
So much intricate detail. Beautiful.
/me hugs Shizuka *no, seriously though, i know that feeling* :'(
i don't have a family to be with on this day
:'(
I know but They get them out that fast.
Baby no :(
LadyCanary: as a kid i never fully appreciated the excellent design animation for this show
who are probably merchants
^ Bronysith.
Bronysith: it's never too late, bro
Hey everypony...what will be the movie the next friday?
Pinkieshy: who framed roger rabbit
Pinkieshy, Who Framed Roger Rabit and The Hulk Vs.
ok thank you
WOW.
Indians?
Pinkieshy: Next friday's movie hasn't been decided, but this week's is Who Framed Roger Rabbit.
und dann... india?
Awwwww :3
Animaniacs, and samurai jack, on the same day?
Pinkieshy: for a movie: Who Framed Roger Rabbit! for b movie: Hulk vs Wolverine/Thor
Indians! :)
This is the best day ever
PONIES
There's a reason why he travels all over.
MadSurge: horse
Pony! :3
LadyCanary: to train in the various arts of EVERYTHING
Bronysith: They streamed Animaniacs here <----??? Damn you mom, you and your rules!!!!!!!!!
/me facedesks
Dark92Enigma: YAY, Deadpool! :D
Dark92Enigma: no silly, i watched it on youtube
no, really, maybe i deserved it
Bronysith: oh :D
Bo staff fighting <3
And now Africans!
You can do it, Jack!
Nice.
HEADSHO----no
Staff fighting is fun,
05FUCK this series is old by now :CCC
MadSurge: he travels through all the workd, you'll see why
eyo
Gif of that running please :D
Wrek: and Genndy is STILL working on the finale
even though this animation is awesome, i dont know how well it has aged...
Hopefully it's good.
hi
:O greeks!
Ohai Sonny
Hi, Sonny. :)
Not like the Powerpuff Girls finale... >_>
:3
Dat Flip....
Hai Sonny :)
<.< und dann england
MadSurge: i absolutely LOVED Deadpool in that one film
Europe!
LadyCanary: What was the finale's synopsis again?
samurai Jack :o!
Suddenly Robin Hood
AJIsAwesome: Cant remember.
That's ok.
But it was pretty...eh
THIEF!
oy Wrek , it is your ancestors
05I FEEL AT HOME NOW
:D
YAR
rpbinhood was a communist
/me LEAVE US ALONE, MEL BRROKS
:D
WREK'S COMPATRIOTS
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRR
Russia :3
IN SOVIET RUSSIA
AXES CUT YOU!
Mongols!
<.< why was he riding with mongols
MadSurge: Tibetans IIRC
Shaolin monks!
Xiaolin monks?
Actually, axes cut you anywhere. It's kind of what they were first made for.
I never saw Jack's legs in that scene, so I thought he was secretly part centaur. :D
Or Mongols*
05i think the style has ages very well
Shaolin*
05very seldom it uses outliens
05which is a feat
Bronysith: point taken
Indeed Wrek.
this sortof shits on any type of historical accuract though...
I like the style of this cartoon either way <3
this is much better than a typical "20 years later"
oh saurai jack
....AWWW!
but meh, its a cartoon
Wrek is right, the animation aged well with the time
It's his mom :3333
cowvarkian: It was never meant to be "historically accdurate".
d'aww
Kencolt: yeah, I know
Mommy!
<3 MAMA
I'm just being nitpicky
So much storytelling, and not a single word is spoken, so awesome
^
^^
^^^
sup guys
cowvarkian: It's supossed to be it's own legend, it's own mythology
^^^^
IT IS TIME.
SHITS ABOUT TO GO DOWN
AWESOME MUSIC.
is this samuri jack
Dark92Enigma: yes, I know
>.> ads
i love how the BGM speaks for itself in scenes like this <-----
How exciting >w<
Hai everypony
I can tell you one thing, early One Piece hasn't aged well. The production values have gotten gradually better over time, and looking at the first episodes over the latest ones is painful
Hey DerpyMuffins!
hi DerpyMuffins
05that tinkling sound is the strikign of pickaxes btw
Ohai DerpyMuffins
how've you been DerpyMuffins
Hi, DerpyMuffins. :)
Hai DerpyMuffins :)
Kandarihu: i was thinking of watching that, havnt seen it since itoonami left
Samurai Jack?
i havent seen this show in forever
He's baaaaaack.
yup
S1?
FIRST WORD EVER
Bronysith: no, Aku already spoke.
cratorkid, I still recommend it. Just be prepared to pace yourself on it. It's Loooooong
Kandarihu: true, but several animes started that way. One Piece akes forever though
MadSurge: that dont count
NINJAS
BREAK= First word......d'aaaaaaaaawww they're learning so fast :'(
Ninja vs samurai
im not gonna lie the animation hacent aged really well
HE HAS RETURNED.......
Such flow. Such style.
VIOLENCE
I want a replica of that sword
HOLY SHIT
he looks so weird here
This is the season finally?
and he is actually holding the sword correctly
His poor father...
having the blade facing up is the right way to hold the sword in its scabbard
DerpyMuffins: nope, the very first episode
hahahaha
Old man words
horse
PONY
Those words of wisdom.
random horse spawned
It is not the weapon, it is the wielder
^
that horse was wise
yup
spoiler: evil finds a way
to late
na matata
Shoulda listen to the old man
/me AKUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!
Sonny: :D
Yes
aku-aku
Bless you
Happy turkey day :)
Ha.
oh what a wonderfull frassseee
what is these netsplits?
It means no worries, for the rest of your days---
/me is the master of masters
bless yoooo
/me Akuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!!!!
Dark92Enigma: gesundheit
Except Jack.
OUCH, that hurt
Any questions?
LadyCanary: remember the water episode? where jack allies with those thugs or something, god its been forever
Aku: it doesn't matter what shape you turn into, you can't defeat the power of rectitude!
I really do love Aku's forms.
I said it correctly, right?
Dat face
am i he only one that thinks that guy sound like uncle iroh from avatar
dat scorpion which would only impale him
RIGHTNOUSNESS.....again, i grew up with a different dub
I KNEW IT
05i ahve seen enough hentai...
but THIS introduced me to Mako
Wrek: no, dont you fucking dare ruin my childhood
You just had to didn't you Wrek?
05aye
OLE!
HEADSHOT
DECAPITATI- nevermind
Silly Wrek.
POW.
he missed, game over
LIKE a boss
....huhhhhhh... here we go again. i respect your opinion but have you ever seen this show
GET ON WITH IT
....
DO it
stab him
DO IT
STAB HIM
no wrek
so simple
ded
Dark92Enigma: im talking to wrek
/me NEXT TIME ON THE TIME TUNNEL
And thus a series was born
BRAVO
Gotta get back, back to the past Samurai Jack~
damn that was awesome
spoiler: he is not so fortunate
<3
^
you too
Was this ever properly ended?
BRAVO! BRAVO! BRAVO! :)
cowvarkian: you're comming in late xD
No DerpyMuffins
DerpyMuffins: Nope.
Sonny: I know
lol
DerpyMuffins: to this day....nope
The creator is still working on the finale I believe.
DerpyMuffins: not yet unfortunately :(
Pity
He's had a lot on his plate lately, though.
that sound bite
I would love to have see the end
LadyCanary: he is, when i found out something else (PM you later)
Sonny: I'm not actually trying to spoil things
Cool.
I'm being facetious
I LOVE THIS INTRO
I like how he speaks ^^
^
Invi: of course you do, its Mako
Where my evil is LAW
:d
first episode of that show i ever see
05even the pilot back in the 60's
hmm
Wrek: YES.
Wrek YESH
Thank you, Wrek.
ah, Samuroo jackoo
Good for the kiddies.
05MadSurge: aye :P
not gonna lie i used to love this show but the more i watch it know it does seem to age a little bit badly. dont get me wrong its still good but idk
i wanted the cat to win ;~;
....
it seems to have aged fine to me...
twilight_sprinkle: He won sometimes.
twilight_sprinkle: he does sometimes
but I like 2d things
It aged just fine.
rarely tho
FREE
FREEFALLING
Dat face
and somehow survives
WHAM
LadyCanary: i liked the show al lot as a kid, i still do now, but not as much because it hasnt aged that well the more i look back on it
i hope he wears underwear...
twilight_sprinkle: It's usually becuse Tom is the one starting things.
I think that jack is made of antimatter
/me facedesks
AJIsAwesome: exactly
Why is mama facedesking ;_;
AJIsAwesome: stop startin'! but idk, imo a mouse tha steals food is the one that starts
Because people are being ignorant.
05dont worry LadyCanary
05the twat speaks out of his ass
I remember Jack trolling Aku
now that i think about it, this show aged just fine
^
Mama and Dada!
oh my god, somoene with a different opinion? what a prick, lets ban him
do people actually think Tom usually started the shit?
twilight_sprinkle: ikr
i mean, look at teh animation, it is awesome
^
To be honest, it would be a bad day if BronyState started banning pricks.
Wrek: dude shut the fuck up says the guy who hates sonic and samuri jack without even a full true formed opinion come on calm down
Dat talk
05PRODIGIOUS!
Buytoast: most of the time yes :D
ScootaChicken: wait, we don't do that?
We'd lose such valuable members of the community, like twilight_sprinkle.
I don't understand a single word
Dafuq?
RADICAL
GROOVALICIOUS
ScootaChicken: lawl.
Why is he wearing a lava lamp on his head?
DerpyMuffins: I think they're discussing the weather.
Ans that's how he got his name
Bronysith: Why not?
come to think of it, why am i not wearing a lava lamp on my head?
anyway i g2g,bye
MIGGITY MACK DADDY WACK
Bronysith: Why wouldn- yeah
Bye twilight_sprinkle
how do they know his name?
Bye twilight_sprinkle :)
Bye, twilight_sprinkle. :)
Have fun, twilight_sprinkle
haibai twilight_sprinkle
Invi: because plot
and/or exposition
And he chows down on a burger
Aku must also own every company
Wud up Jac?
05BIZEH BIZAAAH
Liquid Refreshment.
Or he must be a huge sell out
LD
:D
Wrek: Fo shizzle
Why did I just scratch my eye with chili-infected fingers.
J_E_Smith71: aku owns everything, one would think
Bronysith: yeah basically
GOOD ONE JACK!
Kammerjunk: You've caught the stupid from mane chat.
too late
Invi: They don't. In fact, his "real" name is never stated... they're just the kind of people who call people "jack".
Wrek: look we got off on the wrong foot how about we just put our differences aside and forget this all happened. after all isnt the poin of mlp to ove and tolerate no matter their differences. what d'ya saw man. truths?
Refresh myself? "buffering" oh shit,
cowvarkian: there will always be resistance
'With the new Wii AkU, slaughter many with the power of darkness and the fury of an angry god."
ScootaChicken: Nice to know you care about us. :P
Kencolt, oh lol okay
un tss un tss un tss
SOMEONE KILL THE DJ
wub wub wub
MadSurge: indubiadly
SHOOT THE FUCKER DOWN
dubstep
WUB WUB WUB
<#
oh this episode of Samurai Jack eh
Krow?
The future still got stripers
wrek: k, man
ohey LadyCanary
I forgot to mention that Aku is so influent and charismatic in this show despite being the villain. In the future..........HE'S THE LAAAAAWWW
This show had the best villain designs I've ever seen.
05the "showgirls" are kidna hot though
XDDD
No
05just sayin'
Wrek: kinda?
Third eye fetish eh Wrek?
Alien babes
Kammerjunk: Loved the designs in the show.
did wrek block me
Cock block?
Dark92Enigma: Like an evil Judge Dredd. Is Jack kind of like a time cop, then?
AJIsAwesome: these kinda look like those monsters from that one Powerpuff Girls episode
DerpyMuffins: hahahaha no
/me plays the "She freakign blocked me" song
ded
oh guess not
shit just got real
This be some good Fighter music
VIOLENCE
Pelvic thrust!!
ARE YOU OKAY?
BUSTAH WOLF!
Wrek: seriously though man wanna put our oppinions aside and just forget about this? come one man
ScootaChicken: what gave you that ide?
idea?
Dat monocle.
thanks
<.<
Kammerjunk: that, and an asian-Clint Eastwood at the same time
AJIsAwesome: more like BASTAH WOOF
oh no
Dark92Enigma: I approve this mixture.
MadSurge: :D
not you buffer
Oh hai Mayor Dog
Buffa Wolf
Did this thing just freeze?
my arch nemmesis besides pepsi
Ello bronystate. /
Gah, should've screen capped the buffer. :D
Or is it just my system?
ScootaChicken: i was talking to someone bbygrl
Hi, spight. :)
how do i start a private chat
Lasharus: TODAY!
Well I better start heading out,
bye everyone. :)
Bye, AdamTheDuck. :)
spight: More like two weeks.
Bye AdamTheDuck :)
see ya AdamTheDuck
Lasharus: No, it's not just you.
bye AdamTheDuck
Lasharus: points if you got the reference
Crap, did stream die?
I have no idea what you're telling me, Dark92Enigma. :P
but im dont like him
bye AdamTheDuck
up for captions, everybody http://imgur.com/yqaTT
Sorry, no points f'r me. :P
Buytoast: ????
and Wrek, you've been streaming since I started sleeping... Which was 7 hours ago, maybe you should take a break :$
Dark92Enigma: He was indeed frozen today.
I don't know who this Buytoast guy is.
How's the moving been going?
Oh and happy thanksgiving, everypony. /
wheres stream
But I know im use better propler grammr nd spell than him.
Happy Thanksgiving, spight. :)
ScootaChicken: totes
You just made me twitch, ScootaChicken.
don ned know sgmamre when uyu got swag yolo
spight: happy Thanksgiving to you! I don't celebrate it :D
this party is getting crazy up here
Buytoast: :why:
Lasharus: Haven't seen you in a while.
Oh yes. Happy thanksgiving to everyone who celebrates it.
everything is terrible
Actually, haven't seen most of you in a while.
Oh, I'm on the chat, ScootaChicken. I'm just a little less talkative of late.
Lasharus: best. comeback. EVER
Yeah, stream died all of a sudden
It WAS non-existant, but now I know this little factoid about it.
Lasharus: Oh no, it's more to do with the fact that this is the first time I've logged onto mane chat in a couple months, ahaha.
That'll work as well, ScootaChicken. :P
Did the stream die?
Lasharus: it's ok, bro
So, is the Macy's Day Parade over?
LadyCanary: i beleive so
>Arrive
I think so, Canary.
>Apparently stream died
LadyCanary, yeah. Stream's dead
String_Shredder: It will never be as good as Indian Stallone.
stream is ded.........NO BIG SURPRISE
>everything I touch dies.mp4
Lasharus: It featured that wrestler nobody but MTV cares about anymore. He thinks Afterburner is a game about aliens.
XD
That was the greatest buffer moment BronyState has ever had.
Meanwhile: except your mustache
String_Shredder: http://i.imgur.com/QQrwU.jpg best i can do
Heya
ScootaChicken: Boom boom robada
cowvarkian: he shaved
Put it this way Dark92Enigma - if you use a Robotnik/Eggman quote on me, I'll immediately recognise it. Same for a quote from Discworld.
Hello Meanwhile *hugs and lives*
Many other things, not so much.
Bronysith: huh
then everything he touches does die
Well, hi everyone. What was on before it apparently died?
Heya guys :)
Meanwhile: samurai jack
so why is godzilla just looking like one of them dogs is excavating his leg?
Hai MaxTheBrony :)
wheres stream
Meanwhile: AKU
heya MLP_Brovakiin :)
Awwww, Samurai Jack is awesome.
I'm tryna see if any of these peeps are worthy.
Worthy of ASCENSION
>.>
Lasharus: how many pounds of ham?
wat
ScootaChicken: not really
are you a god, ScootaChicken
and its more like Descension
I can see that cowvarkian isn't.
._.
OK, gotta dash everypony.....but if i have to review the series, i would give it 10/10
why did he eat the entire milkshake? cup and all
ScootaChicken: but its so... gah
Bye Dark92Enigma :P
ScootaChicken: Is Dermathil even around at the moment?
ScootaChicken: except everything
wait wrek got off thats why theres no stream well he was on for about 7-8 hours so he should take a break
/me feels excluded
Kammerjunk: I don't know, and I don't particularly care either.
Fair 'nuff.
Did Wrek disconnect again?
Derm doesnt come in anmore
cowvarkian: hey were all bronies here man /)
Aside from the fact that you <3 me
looks like it
bbygurl
I think so DerpyMuffins
I don't think Dermathil has been on here since that incident.
xoxoxo
>.>
This is all I've got guys. http://j.wigflip.com/4Ea0Kqs7/roflbot.jpg
i'm not a brony
<.>
Meanwhile: Lawl.
brb
Buytoast: ??? how
Wizard
Did Wrek crash?
because buytoast
I think so, J_E_Smith71.
http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/9d179ec2f4a2a2b1fbbb9efd9dde209a.png in the meantime have some d'awww guys :3
He said he was having some computer troubles before.
Buytoast and cowvarkian well you know what i mean
MadSurge: yay, pony tail
Meanwhile: I'm not sure which incident you're referring to, and I'm not sure I want to know.
MadSurge: Aww. <3
MadSurge: D'awwww :)
MadSurge: hhnnnggg
well guys
Kandarihu: Parade's been over, no pony balloon
Yes, Sonny?
I'm off to draw another Flare on equestria part
Kammerjunk: Said incident wasn't in here, so you wouldn't know anyway. Nothing to concern yourself about.
It feels like its been a slow process :/
Buytoast: do you watch mlp?
Alrighty then.
but my internet's volume is nearly run out so can't stream it
ciao
BYe, Sonny. :)
I've seen the episodes at least once, yes.
J_E_Smith71, I see. Oh well, hopefully next year
Kammerjunk: so, what are we talking about >_>
madsurge where u getting these pics at
oh
cowvarkian: What aren't we?
ScootaChicken: and besdies, i already have prospects in mind
Buytoast: oh but youre not a full fan right
Kammerjunk: -_-
spitfirecolt: bronibooru
meh
Its italicized?
spitfirecolt: a pony imageboard without smut :D
...fucking colloquy
Partly, at least on my client.
Buytoast: oh ok then ya i gotcha
oh you know what
it showed up as a weird spellcheck thing on mine before typing it in
http://derpy.me/bJlmu Here's my caption
String_Shredder: Not bad. :D
String_Shredder: http://i.imgur.com/QQrwU.jpg
05back
05sorry bout that
Benstein on animaniacs? i forgot about that
wb Wrek
05BSoD'd again
welcome back Wrek :)
WB Wrek.
05now you see why im formattign this weekend
i need a site like that but with comics
Wrek have you been drawing lately?
sup wrek
I'd say that guy is having a... dog's day :D
MadSurge: :D
WhatPayne: you get private chat msg
>.>
not what payne wrek i mean
whu?
That's okay Wrek ^_^
Nice of the princess to invite us over for a picnic, eh Luigi?
WhatPayne: sorry tab key fail
Aw damn... noone likes me
WhatPayne: haha /)
WhatPayne: we like you!
WhatPayne: Why would you say that?
but seriously though
I didn't even know you existed
Aw thanks guise :DD
Wrek: did yo get my message
AJIsAwesome: I hope she made lotsa spaghetti!
05>I jsut BSoD'd
Luigi, look!
05>thinks i got his PM on IRC
05>mfw
It's from Bowser!
Everyone knows IRC is immune to blue screens.
Wrek: so what dya say truths man?
Dear Pesky Plumbers~
Mario Mario and Luigi Mario
that is all
Ryunosuke: Best names ever? :D
05samuraj jack will be back.... in black... in bronystates own ... wack
>.>
:P
badum tish
wrek: wearing gak
Welp... now that I'm here... um
BSoD'd?
sounds like some kinky shit
Wrek: 6 out of ten, needs work but I see potential
05blue screen of death
^
Blue Screen of Death's.
ah
k i dont know if wrek blocked me so can you guys just tell him that i accept his oppinion and we got off on the wrong foot and i wanna make peace with him so i dont get an enemy on this chat room
*'d
still sounds kinky
Jack came back covered in a tire track but then Jackie Chan jumped out and landed on his back.
Buytoast: how?
how the hell does blue screen of death sound kinky?
Wrek: you saw that message just now?
05Meanwhile: /)
Point to Meanwhile.
(\ Wrek.
like some guy dressed in blue latex just running up and punching you straight in the nads until you pass out for pleasure
Whoa. Just realized that I've been on this channel pretty much non stop since summer of 2011 O__o
O.o
Buytoast: okay that sounds really good
WhatPayne: :)
anyways
HELLLLLLO nurse
And I don't talk much XD
well it was worth a shot oh well...
WhatPayne: Wow. You've been PRETTY long. :D
*been here
05running jumping climbing trees... puttign on makeup once you're up there
I guess you could say so
What?
05army in a nutshell
05problem is they only got the nighttime look
Ah.
<.<
ded
Alright who killed the chat?
>.>
<.<
:O
NEKKID TIME
.....
/me dances about
WIY
*WUT
Wreky killed it :P
aaand im back
:>
wb cratorkid :)
oh hey everyones losing their sh*t
Idjits
And Sith just scarred chat.
hey MaxTheBrony
welcome back cratorkid :)
thnx MLP_Brovakiin
how've you been MaxTheBrony
LadyCanary: can you tell wrek im sorry and o unblock me
thinking about turduken makes my taste buds stand up and say "howdy"
/me dances with bronysith
Im all Good :) , How are you alexxm ?
And brb family is here~
Tbh with a name like that I'd probably block you too.
Be nice, Meanwhile.
whats turduken
Anyone here have Schwarma before?
It's impolite to speak my thoughts. :P
:O
i'm good MaxTheBrony
Wrek back
streams back
D: No Intro!?
:D
Meanwhile: me?
IT'S BAAAAACK
THe intro was awesome
D:
Wrek you disconnect again?
ded
again
MaxTheBrony: we already saw this part, then Wrek BSOD'd
Star Wars reference
See ya'll later. *nuzzles Wrek*
BYe, Canary. :)
Ahh
Cya Lad- gone
Bye Canary!
bye LadyCanary
bye
lets see if we can get past slurpy guy this time
bye canary
do you have any plans today?
Yer outta yer mind ya blasted idiot.
Dat accent
^
...
lol
did that dog just talk?
Yes.
this would make an awesome movie
ohai everypony!
Bronysith: well duh
Hi, Michael. :)
HI
Hai Michael :)
how've you been Michael
My childhood show
It's THE FUTURE~
not really, you?
Heya Michael !
I CAN SEE THE FUTURE
samurai OF THE FUTURE
Isnt there a Samurai Jack movie!+
HANDSSSS
?!*
/me hugs AJIsAwesome wipergone2 MLP_Brovakiin alexxm MaxTheBrony
alright i gtg everypony (haha cant believe i actually just said that) i gotta go to my uncles for thanksgiving might be back on in a little bit though.
alexxm: great :D
/me hugs Michael back :3
aka=discord?
/me hugs Michael back :)
/me hugs Michael back :)
Jackreactionface.
TALKING DEMON DOGS
Talking Demon Dogs. :D
talking demn dogs!
D8
*demon
DEMON DAGS
I say!
Liquid Refreshment. Would you care for some?
Dat face
you know
Awkward silence
and then they fucked
guys, sword art or one piece?
Rape face
demonic beer?
this is also how alot of HIE fics start out, except change Aku for Discord :p
Its alive
^
HAI Guys
yes
Hi, AfricanSpy. :)
hai AfricanSpy
Hai AfricanSpy :)
how've you been AfricanSpy
Ruffy
fine
http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/65593891584294ccb860b9c6493362fc.png THIS EXPLAINS EVERYTHING :O
MadSurge: not really
howdy everypony how are y'all
bye
i knew there would be a stream for thanxgiving
:)
ah hey didnt notice the "wrek sessions" thing in the corner till now :D looks awesome
Hi, AskPeachy. :)
Bye, powny. :)
Hey AskPeachy!
good night
hey AskPeachy, i'm good, and you?
a black scottish dog
^
whats with the irish dog?
fantastic
or scottish
Bronysith: Translator, I think.
got the demo version of fruity loops
lol
Hai AskPeachy :)
jewels?
http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/49bf8e205037146bb2dddb7a59f03a51.png Samurai Applejack :D
diamond dogs?
Demodog :P
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Walmart Black Friday Pony Bundle - 7 Ponies for 15 Bucks
MadSurge: cool
Dat post
Jaaaack
SHAUUN
so jack is not his real name...
okay then
gaben
JAAAAASON
dat eyes
she knows
Big brother is watching you
is this the first ep?
Second. :)
so what are we watching after this????
Whatever Wrek wants
Whatever he feels like streaming. :)
^
kool
talking moustaches?
OH MAH GOD
moustaches evolved?
Michael, no. nautic moustaches did ^^
The Meanwhile of the future!
lawl
DED
ded
Yeah that looks about right.
Zap, bitch!
PIT OF HATE
we need elements of harmony
What do you think about my ponieh in paintchat ? c:
Statues of a shapeshifter ? easyest thing ever !
Hello, everypony.
hay Nyra
Hai nyra
ohai Nyra
how've you been Nyra
Hi, Nyra. :)
Hai Nyra :)
ha
in the suture
HA HA HA HA.
spiders
spiderses
familys coming over for turkey
Good. How have all you been? We watchin' Samurai Jack?
EEYUP
Ninja John
Good, Nyra. Yep we are. :)
gank gank gank
Jack is like "The fuck is going on?"
05fun fact
05that talkign dog sign
<.<
Nyra: nice, Nyra :)
05is from Power puff girls
Wrek: I knew it. :O
Wrek: OH SHIT
Awesome! Haven't seen this show since I was 10.
so how about that townsville
YES
:O
Fun fact
Dogs have been crucified?
TALKING DOG LIVES LD
They friggin crucified dogs?
:D
So, this is possible Townsville?
WHY DO THEY CRUCIFY DOGS?!
probably
oh that's good
wasthat .... the 2 stupid dogs dog ?
Jeez, that's pretty hardcore for a cartoon.
I've seen worst
05TrixieMuffin: it was
Wrek What do you think about my drawning in paintchat :C
this is pretty depressing for a kids show
wtf
or is it worse...
bah
Meanwhile: this cartoon is awesome like that :)
how many episodes are there?
OH YEAH THIS SONG
:D
jack jack jack
im pretty sure one of those dogs is from 2 stupid dogs also
Drones, tke lowest of ranks in anything badguy
^
oh i remember when i was watching it, i was so sad after every episode of this
ded
apple "samurai" jack
LONG AGO IN A DISTANT LAND
So, does anyone remember Gargoyles?
I do.
i do
TWOOO
cowvarkian: Gold_Demona remembers :D
and was that not like a bajillion times darker then this?
dat intro
cowvarkian: Ikr
or am I just imagining that
05kids show of today
05and im not talkign MLP here
cowvarkian: that was a dark cartoon
Oh dat nastalgia
Wrek: this is a kids show?
MadSurge: indeed
tadada tadada samuraja jacka
eeeyup
05have this tendency to be very IQ liberatory
on cartoon network
05crude humor and idiotic plots
DAT TYPING
Keyboard SFX?
Are we watchin' all of them?
lol
Wrek: that's why FiM and Avatar are awesome :3
Wrek, how many episodes are there of that show?
anyways, so we never really know jacks real name?
Bronysith: DOn't think we do.
jacks real name is .....
jack
05invi: lets see
*Don't
Transformers is pretty good...
ya jack!
0556 episodes total
JAAAAAACK
wow nice
they call my apple jack
*me
hah
Is this show finished/ongoing/canceled?
thankies wrek ^^
cowvarkian: Prime ?
ekips: yes
AfricanSpy: http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/49bf8e205037146bb2dddb7a59f03a51.png :D
TrixieMuffin: yes
i dont click links
05neitehr
05its put on hold
I see :/
AfricanSpy: image, SFW
Dat pen.
Wrek: For years and years...
xD
BEHOLD! THE BALLPEN!
dat eyebrow
vector hands
dat tails
tails
the dogs are happy
so this is a samurai jack stream???
oooh, Samurai Jack <3
revolution!
AfricanSpy: it appears so :)
AfricanSpy at least for now
deadly tractor!
Michael: NOT ON MY GENEROUS FACE!
This Samurai Jack stream you're Thanksgiving special Wrek (At least for us US folk)?
mcgyver would be proud
is there forums
and expect star scream to back stab megatron at every turn...
J_E_Smith71: *your
though, I was hoping he would die more
05thanksgiving? what is this sorcery?
or atleast once
BLOOD *GASP*
Bronysith: Yeah I noticed that typo
BLOOD!!!
dem crafting
J_E_Smith71: sorry bout that, goddamn conditioning, ill try and stop it
00,10happy over eating and trample the elederly days!
wow
:O
ewww
Sumica: Thanksgiving and Black Friday?
ew
:D
Bows were first invented to straighten and stretch strings, but then they figured out you could friggin launch an arrow amazingly with it
cyber horse
Tonguemachines!
Sumica: Yeah it's such a fun day ain't it?
dat bughorse
six legged pony
<.<
circle!
banner aquired
stupid ads
siege weapons
Daygon: adblock
Daygon: Adblock? :)
lol
chrome?
you have acquired: armor
has it too
mah hat
i wanna play sims 3 but i cant find my disc so i must WAIT:'(
:D
lammie!
is that lama ?
i would say sleipnir, but he's missing a pair
00,10no brakes on the drama lama
:D
look at how awesome this show is
directed by micheal bay
^
wombo combo
its a pony
11,02Happy Cookie Day \^-^/
ludicrous kill
No, Michael Bay would have made it about the dogs
kicking ass four at a time
ohai, SB! ;3
micheal bay effects
Hai SuperBrony64 :D
11,02Hai :D
hai SuperBrony64!
Hello SuperBrony64!
ohai SuperBrony64
SuperBrony64: Make sure to eat lots of cookies! :)
Hiya SuperBrony64!
hey SuperBrony64 how are ya?
hay sb64
11,02Sketch_Toku_Brony: Cool :3
11,02AJIsAwesome: I will ^-^
imagine how brutal this would be if they werent robot bugs
ohio SuperBrony64 :3
hay Sb ^^
Bucked!
11,02nintendo is cool :3
Nope.
11,02:<
SuperBrony64: I agree
i love this sounds
nintendo is best tendo
11,02but...but.... Meanwhile ;!;
11,02;~;*
Nope.
lol
suddenly violonece
I liked meanwhile better with his parasitic mustache
:S
so... the dogs do nothing?
:D
lul pegi at left
Invi: they're the cavalry
00,10the less he wears the greater his powerlevel
BYe, Sketch_Toku_Brony. :)
MadSurge, and where ar ethey?
so, he's a saiyan?
bye Sketch_Toku_Brony :$
Sumica: :D
Sumica: Dragon Ball Z Logic
Bye Sketch_Toku_Brony :)
OMG childhood!
Sumica: Power Level's too small of a measurement for someone like Jack.
pegi
strike
all the luck
wow
lucky jack
samurai jack uses jump
its super effective
00,10jump ok
genius bug jump
i'm pretty sure they planted those on purpose
00,10but not good
tht volince
Sumica: Yeah. That's one of the greatest episodes ever, when he learns to jump good.
<.<
hah
3
:D
3+?
This show is rated 3+
It's all robots, so it's okay! :D
awwww i have to be older than 3 DAMNIT
>Rated 3+
3 year olds love impalement, don't you know?
lol ages 3 and up?
>Robots got impaled by spikes
Dark_Horst, well they are prepared
Meanwhile: Of course, who doesn't?
00,10that's 3 year old in pony terms
more like 12+
children have to learn that striving for world dominance is evil
AJIsAwesome: people getting impaled?
00,10so like 25
oh nah!
05this is perfectly fine for a 3 year old
^
ooohs xD
05as is boobs
im to young for this then! D:
hey guys... happy FLANKSgiving
i'd say
The SUSPENSE.....
flanksgiving - giving of a gift related to a pony's cutie mark
well, its not like 3 year olds will remember anything that happens to them
Hey guys! Brohoof! /]
So Wrek it seems PEGI is rating your streams now
http://cdn.derpiboo.ru/media/BAhbB1sHOgZmSSIvMjAxMi8xMS8xMS8xOF8wN18zMV83NzVfMTQ4ODYwX19VTk9QVF9fZ2FrBjoGRVRbCDoGcDoKdGh1bWJJIgwyNTB4MjUwBjsGVA/148860__safe_ponified_ask_gak_goo-pony_gakpony_super-saiyan_ask-gak.png
Hi, AJfan77. :)
so is 3 year in pony term=25 years old
hai AJfan77
suddenly, not surrounded anymore
SeaponiesofLiverpool :D
dem scars
Hi AJfan77~
warning. may contain trACES OF ONSCREEN BLOOD
LIMIT BREAK
whoops
excuse the capslock
dat faic
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
does anypony else celebrate Flanksgiving?
hey guys :) seems like i steped in on somtin good!
KAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHN
Hi, conami. :)
conami: oh yea, you did
hai conami
chewbacka!
violence!
That blood cheat
TONIGHT WE DINE IN HELL! is this the 300 episode?
dem oil
Hai conami :)
blood and guts!
or, well, poil and shrapnel
*oil
SeaponiesofLiverpool: nope
3+
all that oil
moar oil
jack eh?
more sperm
:S
http://tinyurl.com/bmtm6r8
Lol
LOL
you just TRY to suggest that Tartakovsky WASN'T going full on Kurosawa in this episode. Just try.
lol
oh the memories on that one frustating flash jack game
^
Dat advertisement
Oh look black Jac
black jack
what, this is the bronystate stream? I thought it was the cooking course...
^
jack noir
conami talking about the one with the hip hop thing?
or Jack Black
00,10he's not mad yet, he still has his knot
lol. they're terrified
YOU STILL WANT SOME>
JAck Black starring in the Samurai Jack movie
jaque noir
i dont think so Deacon
Deacon: Think it's the Robot slashing one.
rageeee
yeah
KILL ALL THE BOTS
Samurai Jack coming soon in 2014, starring... Jack Black
like a baws
i wanna see the ep were he fights those bounty hunters
m-m-m-m-monsterkill!!!
Hey guys Im back.
05DAT DUKE NUKEM REFERENCE
05or DRED
Hi, DoctoDoctorWho. :)
05whichever
VICTOLY
wuhuhuhu
Don't kill the mode.
Ruined
SMASHING
*mood
Hi AJIsAwesome :)
hey DoctoDoctorWho
or Any other movie/game where a warrior stands on top of a pile of corpses
dat moral
hiya DoctoDoctorWho
Hi Michael
Meanwhile: Doom :D
brb
Hi PonyBean
is he having russian accent?
:D
Rocket: some sort of british accent
He forgot to clean his-- well, it's certainly properly oiled at least.
^
AAAKKKUUUUU
05forgot mipsTV is in that corner
aku-aku
05so thsi works better
he is an awesome villan :D
Shame this wasn't properly ended
dem clones
Aku is voiced by Uncle Iroh from Avatar isn't he?
00,10uncle iroh!
MadSurge british is more "ouh" "auh" :D
I think he is
Aw snap!
Meanwhile: Yes
Meanwhile: Mako
wheres the symboles
Thought so.
Im watching Avatar right now actually
RaveBrony air bender?
Yes, lol
Someone know when there will be more Legend of Kora episodes?
<3 i love this!
is this on netflix yet
yes, more :D
Anyone in relation to Iroh = Instant badass
The other Avatar is not awesome enough
/me likes it
Other avatar?
my evil is raw!
Korra
korra?
00,10where my evil is raw
MadSurge: Korra was reasonably good.
RaveBrony: the movie with the giant blue cats
no cartoon network is on netflix :(
MadSurge :D
I liked Legend of Korra D:
05hmm
hmmmmmm
Hmm? What Avatar movie? >_>
XAX: Avatar the Last Airbender is awesome! Avatar the movie... not so much :D
05i also have johnny bravo, courage, scooby doo, the mask and johnny quest
Courage! <3
XAX: while it will NEVER be as good as the original, LoK was indeed quite enjoyable.
Wrek, is your microphone still on?
05however the mask adn johnny quest rips are of questionable quality
MadSurge: Oh, that. Yeah.
RaveBrony i have to watch it :x is that as awesome as anng? :D
courage!
And The Last Airbender is not worth mentioning :D
jonny bravo! <3
05its been on all this time
the Mask :D
Rocket: Eh, Korra is different, but its a good different :D
Bacon!
05ill turn it off if its botehrsome :)
Hi Pummba
dat bacon
Wrek: Johnny quest?
dat hunger
smurfs?
RaveBrony :)
Welp/.
05yeah johnny quest
OOPS
05i bet very few know of that series :P
I know of it
face of steel
I only know Johnny Test
Johnny Quest, that was on when I was like 4.
Wrek, lol
Wrek: I had to google it.
I remember Johnny Quest, lol
Wrek: Original Johnny Quest or Real Adventures?
^
05both
johny quest is old
o:
Wrek: There were, as far as I can tell, at least three Jonny Quest series-- but the original is still epic.
05but as i said
05half of the rips arent even watchable :|
Thats a shame :(
AAAHHH
Hey
smurfs!
one reason I know of it is because of venture brothers
mandark smurfs!
I only know of 2 JQ series
Whatever.
Only watched Real Adventures myself
what...the...hell...
Nowadays people know Johnny Quest only through the Venture Brothers
Hi Everyone :)
hai thelonepony!
future smurfs with lightning tridents
ohai thelonepony
Heya thelonepony :)
EVIL SMURFS
Primate Smurfs.
Hi Michael Rocket and MLP_Brovakiin :)
Nerdy sounding Smurfs
hiya thelonepony
Hi conami :)
Hey thelonepony! :)
05not nerdy
inb4 not as it seems
i just call them Mandarks
Fuck
05jsut obnoxious
Hi MadSurge :)
:)
So that cupcake arrived
my girlfriends, sisters boyfriends mother made it, and its mlp themes
how've you been thelonepony
http://screensnapr.com/v/RkSVRy.jpg
05thats awesoem Chrysalis :3
i dont know how much to love or hate it
Wrek: You been on yet? :P
Hi alexxm just came back from the store and you?
i'm good thelonepony
is that the squidward race?
so annoying to listen to D:
Chrysalis: Thank her for her work and then BURN IT WHEN SHE LEAVES.
Chrysalis G3 ! ahh my eyes ! xD
dat G3
IKR
05meh
its really nice she made it for me
this is fucking depressing...
but, g3
05G1 is ok and watchable
05G2 is meh
GTG bye guys
05G3 is bearable
still seems delicious :3
05anythign else is unbearable
How does this race even procreate.
Poor ugly mammoths :'(
Bye Ponies47
Meanwhile: they're all probably clones
Bye Ponies47 :)
bye Ponies47
Bye Ponies47 :)
hey, it's that voice
Chrysalis, it was thoughtfull of them :3
seeya poni..oh
conami ikr
bye Ponies47
Bit late Alchemist
Horses :O
* alexxm
sorry
poor somethink :C
something*
SafariMonkey: no worries, I got it all the time :D
he talked?!
:O
eeyup
o___o
not as it seems
AHHH
:O
Seems Legit.
They'll fry your braaaaaaiiiiin!
Their mind control will fry your brain. >:I
inb4 the cities are actually the woolie's
animel abuse
or woolies'
Because as we all know, mammoth things have immense mind control powers.
I really like the style of this show
cowvarkian: or woolieses
style is really good o:
in what episode is that epic shadow/light fight in the tower?
:O
did anyone else wacth the dilbert cartoon?
conami mmhm
ekips: shadow jack or something like that
it was...ok
Huh, what do you know, they actually do have mind powers.
i liked it :3
i want have one as pet :3
*sneaky mode*
*mgs mode*
three... what?
hah ^
lockpicking
i just though about dilbert because of the blue peoples voices.
uhoh
Alchemist: So I got it working fine here. I guess it must be your hungarian internet. :P
is that animal evil ? :o
wat
05dat voice
Mind control is frying your brain yo.
:O
my yummy soft brain nooo~
SafariMonkey: Im 100% sure it is. I only have this problem since I had to change ISPs. Former one ceased to exist.
aw gotta go. nighty everypony
bye
seeya Invi
bye Invi
invi
oranges :P
Night Invi :)
Alchemist: That's a shame. :/
bye Invi
it may have been gen 3
night Invi~
but by GOD that thing was tasty
SafariMonkey: well, I can use that time for ponies so no worries :)
Alchemist: Yep. :P
oh haibai thelonepony ^^
Night Invi :)
Hi bai Invi ^-^
DUN DUN DUUUUUUN
dat smile1
they sound like zombie cows...
ps[1;2B
Hola
they r
dat skill
smooth
:D
fail
crap
ded
waaaat?
This is better
OH NOES
jacks gunna love and tolerate like no one before!
Nice aim.
DAFUQ?
tis but a scratch
knew it
lol stabed in the head o_O
>:I
raged
OPEN YOUR EYES
KICK THEIR ASSES
destroy!
No he hit the thing that was chaining him
ThatGuy I see...your eyes are open
Zerg rush
baaaad idea
TRAITOR!
starcraft ref
unleash the beasts
Lol just realized how ugly they are
^
ghetto version of the episode "We gun' fuck ya'll up!"
you must build more pylons
Dramatic music ftw
asstazered
O_O
o wo
That motivational poke in the ass
fried like bacon
and then it ass-ploded.
toasty
05they sound so very motivated
CARTOON PHYSICS TO THE RESCUE :D
Ikr
true]
Wrek: Oh no. They got their powers back. Help us.
They're so dead now
xD
beat them murfs up!
RUN THE FUCK AWAAAAAY
who isn't greatful to jack...
I WANT TITIES
051 last episdoe
the quest continues.....
Samurai Jack is very high into the pantheon of badasses
evil is raw
who is streaming, and how do i express my love?
!cd
Episode 4 of season 3 "One Bad Apple" airs in 1 days, 17 hours, 16 minutes, 43 seconds (Nov 24 15:30:00 2012 UTC)
Wrek is
Rose`: wrek is
i wonder what ep tis be
I dont like rap at all but this theme song is awesome
hi everypony
Rose`: look in the corner :D
:D
MadSurge - Not as high as Dr. Robotnik, for all that he keeps getting defeated by a hypersonic hedgehog. :P
wrek, my children. have them.
and Rose`, DoctoDoctorWho was looking for you
lali-ho AnkanoMachine
wut
:I
ooh, this one
hai AnkanoMachine
probabably
:|
who cant w8 for ep4
Lasharus: robotnik is high in the comical villain pantheon :D
hiya AnkanoMachine
thelonepony: You summoned me?
oh hello mate
DoctoDoctorWho: she's here
Eh, I'll take that, Madsurge. :P
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Gameloft 50% Off Gems, Rainbow Dropped in Price
oooh this one. i liek this one
Lasharus: certo, my fellow :D
troll gate
05"huh"
ooowwww
KAHN
aku is like NNOO!
My god I love this show!
Trolled.
Anybody here heard of the show called my little pony? Its some new show that looks cool
It looked like the marker from the side
Oh thank god Rose` your okay,
so much trolling
wipergone2: I can wait. The new antagonist's voice and attitude is EXTREMELY annoying.
Trolloku
ahah
aku is best pony
aku needs to team up with trixie
MadSurge: I tend to fanboy over Dr. Robotnik. Favourite character of all time, I suspect. :P
y xax
it's too bad they can't finish samurai jack
(for me, that is)
wait, is it trixie? XAX
Lasharus: I preferred Mario, but hey
my favorite character of all time is Miles Tails Prower :3
or is that a different one
taoumi tarkovsky could finish with that movie, but it's been in development hell for years
cowvarkian: Nah
!cd
Episode 4 of season 3 "One Bad Apple" airs in 1 days, 17 hours, 13 minutes, 55 seconds (Nov 24 15:30:00 2012 UTC)
is this the "jump good" episode?
What, the mutant fox, cowvarkian? He's got nothing on the doctor!
dat hand
The Scotsman?
Oh no
:P
Poor jack
Lasharus: :D
caveman :D
well Deacon gerneral iro's VA is dead :(
This entire episode is just Jack getting trolled over and over again.
Lasharus: :D
yup, its jump good episode <3
http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/659bba6bed4eeae8966840053f78f2c7.png Aku is best pony, eh? :D
9/10 doctors agree, mlp increases coolness by 20%
spoilers get a bam
from my mallet
Spoiler, he jumps good.
And a ban too
/me bam Meanwhile
Dat Aku pony is sweet
Hey YO wuts up everypony:) happy thanksgiving:)
ThatGuy - That list includes Dr. Ivo Robotnik.
05i rean that as barn
Have bones :(
Sheesh, that's high.
yo scout19_tf2|2
Hi scout19_tf2|2 :)
lolwat
0_0
Hi, scout19_tf2|2. Happy Thanksgiving! :)
kinda reminds me of rover
Hai scout19_tf2|2 :)
DAT JUMPING
hai scout19_tf2|2
awww yea sameri jack:)
Dat face
i like how hunched over was body language for Hop on
you scout
yo*
Samurai Jack: Mirrors Edge edition?
YO
yetis...
HOLY APPLES
What do you think about my drawning in paintchat ? :o
lol what am i looking at xD
AJIsAwesome: no, because it's not all in FPS
They're so smiley.
lol link's not right
blinky blinky
Sasquatches!
:S
http://i.imgur.com/Ao1NM.jpg There we go.
omnomnom
lawl
poor slaves
lol
hahaha
not the trees :(
that's a lot of flanks
:D
XAX: too much plot :D
hey Amu
he just accepts it
so, future tarzan begun
no big deal
Don't ask questions, just jump good.
Yes, so i must become a baby then join monkeys :D
chomp chomp chomp
Hello! Just checking stuff real quickly, so I'm probably going to be idle soon. XD
whos streamin dis
^^^^
munch munch munch
scout19_tf2|2: prince dari
Wrek are be streamin
scout19_tf2|2: Wrek.
NOMNOMNOMNOM
?
cowvarkian: lolwat
banana :p
Hi everypony.
XAX: trying to be different
there hiding in da trees
jump good
Hi, DinkyDoo. ;)
never defend when you can teach others to fend for themselves
THEY PINK SO MANLY D:
lali-ho DinkyDoo
and contradictory
Hi DinkyDoo :)
*:)
Alrighty then.
ok haha
Hai DinkyDoo :)
heler DinkyDoo
hai DinkyDoo :)
Did I miss anything?
attack of the negayetis
whack
it's TF2 in the future
nomnomnomnomnom
SO MANY PEOPLE ARE SAYING HI TO ME :)
GIANT MONKEYS
Does someone have to cut a chimp?
Why didn't they take the food with them?
hahah
Meanwhile: Spur of the moment?
Meanwhile: safety first I think
THIS IS SPARTAAAA

hey everyone
DinkyDoo: u seem serprized
KILLING TIME
Hi, aniderp. :)
hey aniderp
yo aniderp
heller aniderp
Hi aniderp :)
all the owning
how've you been aniderp
dat run
one man army
mokeys cry nao
big man behind little tree
yay!
:3
*Ding*
happy monkey
WAAAAH WAAAAAH
so peaceful
O_O he be angry
dat plant
Seems like he could easily defend them
lol
:S
Peaceful. Like punching the floor.
nomatic?
How the buck is he carrying him?
riot riot riot
:D
ahaha
No? D:
xD
No. I mean Yes.
No. I mean yes.
:D
i mean yes
:P
NO,.
troll pepsi
I mean yesh.
and what is to the left?
I MEAN YES
space ace.
See? Jack being trolled over and over and over is the whole point of this ep.
DUNAMIC
*I
IMA FIRIN MAH LAZER!!!!
:D
And you protect us? No,i mean yes
bh
nuts
i can do that too monkey <3
*swing*
lol
i guess that monkey mastered the art of self restraint
rawr
sharp tooth!
THAT was close.
dem traps
He gon starve D:
IS A MONKEY ECLIPSE.
LET'S GET DOWN TO BUSINESS
*cues i make a man out of you *
*It's
lol conami
ThatGuy: he'll eat soon enough >;3
IT'S A MONKEY ECLIPSE
^
*^^
and thats how planet of the apes was made ...
Is he getting more and more naked?
They do a fair job of not hitting themselves in the head with that stuff.
sound efffects for the win
hahah
Ouch.
Ow..
Almost naked man in a jungle filled with monkeys? I dont like thus
Giant rock!
looks like sayin training 6_9
Tom!
A ROCK?
ThatGuy, whats not to like?
TOM RIDDLE
Tom is best training suppliment.
ThatGuy with jack, it's never a weird moment
carrying tom
THATS NOT JUMPING
Sodding strong vine.
TOM RIDDLE.
:)
:O
ded
I meant :O
don't you mean future job?
:)
because FUTURE!
o_o..
That is quite the training regiment
DED.
lol
Tom mode: Activated
DED
hahaha
I fail to see how those vines are supposed to help.
:O HE JUMPED AN INCH!
/me GASPS
Seriously, they break all the fucking time.
Like that
SUX-SES!
YAAAY
: D
Tom is done
matrix!
WTF. Floating monkies
Holy balls
Wow
What are we watching?
asending into heaven?
Augmented
:O
logic?
And then the landing shattered his legs and he died. The end.
SUPER SAYON
Samurai Jack.
FlutterShutter: samurai jack
who needs it.
......what
sky walk!
Super jump!
IM WALKING ON SUNSHINE
oh cool
WOAAAAH WALKIN ON SUNSHINE
And NAruto thinks he can jump.
FAKE!!!! I CAN SEE THE ROPE HOLDING HIM!
:D
Trident branches?
lol
ThatGuy: :D
Rose`: are you okay?
ThatGuy: :D
meow?
awww
im fine babe
Friendship is jump good.
slept last night
looks like siamon
simon*
Awww
He reminds me of Hagrid from harry Potter..
:O Monkey equivalent of derpy in bg
HURRBLE HURRBLE HURRBLE!
yeah
Its ass whoopin time
i wasnt going to say anything, DinkyDoo
Time for monkey kickass!
rock
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAR!
Oww
geezus!
just a gaint rock
PEACEFULLLLLLL
attack!
Tom Pwnage
how much fucks do you give?
none. thats how many.
Ouch..
;o?
und dann everyone died
Rose`: Thank god, every person I have tried to talk to previously about business had this nasty habit of dissapearing several days later. I was conscerned.
tom smash!
I almost forgot
Tom's cousins are going crazy
DoctoDoctorWho: >.>
HAPPY TURKEY DAY Y'ALL
TEAM ROCKET IS BLASTING OFF AGAAAAIN!
GAK GAK GAK
yoink
ITS GAK GAK GAK
somebody didnt get the memo
that monkey was like NO NO No
ITS BACK BACK BACK
GOO
Not the gak, NOT THE GAK!
GAK
PLOPABLE POPABLE
Waut a second, don't you get kicked from the server for saying G@K?
http://i.imgur.com/47AkI.gif
hey, Wrek, can we get a word ban for that?
let me try this again
Death count: 72.
SHAVED
GAK
HAPPY TURKEY DAY Y'ALL
guys.. i removed the derpy out of my cart on amazon
getting kicked for saying it is silly as fuq...
ITS GAK GAK GAK
Rose`: Its just a kick
GAKOIDS
word replacement?
GAK GAK GAK
GAK VAK
know why?
Oh for-
strike!
wordd replacement would be nice :3
methinks sumi should give script to others
GAK IN THE DARK
DED
Yeah, you get kicked for saying g_k..
lawl
GAK COPIER
you know, the last time people spammed gak, we put a kickscript on it
hes so angry
humiliated
05so much gak
G__ I hate it so much -______-
^
TEAM ROCKET IS BLASTING OFF AGAIN!!!!!!!!
lol
Wait is the script still working?
And.......they died?
damnit DinkyDoo.
seems not
Beautiful
XD
J_E_Smith71: seems turned 0ff
the script was only set with sumi's bot
GO GET YOUR FOOD PUNKS
and he's not here
www.gakisback.com
darn
Good job Jack, teaching a perfectly peaceful race the arts of war, nor they will dominate everything
Trolled Aku.
/me Makes muffinsand cupcakes fall on everyone.
WOOTCHA!
Frrrt it? WAIT WHAT
WACHA
troll trolled
ekips: or they will stop losing food to lazy bums that can't get their own.
i love how he said that
you fly?
jack the haker
Troll good
Wait, did he ever make it to the portal?
sexy
and then a giant space flea out of nowhere destroyed the portal
No i r jump god
HAAAAXXXXXX!!!!!!!!!!!
holy crap!
05so yeah
BERKS PLS
05...
So the reason he didn't get to the past this time this time is because he decided to attack Aku in the future.
051 more?
This is a story all about how my life got flipped, turned upside down, and id like to take minute, just sit right there, and ill tell you how i became the prince of a town called bel-air.
no
Wrek: yes
Wrek I have to go to bed ;_;
yes
Yep
Wrek if you feel like
Wrek: SAMURAI JACK <3
Yeah sure.
yeah
Wrek: Eeyup.
08,01yo
Wrek: SHOW US YOUR! SPREAD YOUR BUTT
urinal jack
jk
Wrek: :S
* ThatGuy :S
dot hack sign made no sense. just saying
Oh god, the english voices are always better :D
L3
g night every pony
Night, wipergone2. :)
well, I really got to get some sleep now...good night and have fun
Gnight wipergone2
Rose` opening was nice though
Bye, ekips. :
hey
NOOO i didn't get hypnotized.
*:)
Night wipergone2 :)
08,01went well
Sorry to idle out Afflict :P
bye
Bye ekips :)
I fell asleep
It didn't hypnotize me.
am sleepy
08,01got things accomplished
hi Amu-chan
Cool
:3
im just saying, there is no sense made in dot hack sign. there wasnt even any hacking, just a realitively empty game server. thats how the anime was
qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm
see you later everypony :D
08,01we're in a much stronger position with the venue than we were before
Now this is the story all about how my life got flip-turned upside down. And I'd to take minute, just sit on your furniture. I'll tell you all about how I became stuck in the future.
seeya wipergone2
bye wipergone2 :)
q w e r t y u i o p a s d f g h j k l z x c v b n m
ThatGuy, bored?
Kandarihu Maybe :P
it's ok haha
why yes, thanks you for sharing the top rows of the keyboard
frhn fn r pxc dm ynr ejl3na. j rf lny3je1 zyan114o. J gjhn vrypkjel cdejnz qnprxz2 yknt ran pxyn reo je2dpn2y0.
m n b v c x z l k j h g f d s a p o i u y t r e w q
Deacon, he did all 3 letter rows
:S
deer
ThatGuy, at least you're nicer with your boredom than some other people
^
How can you be bored, Samurai Jack is on.
Bambi.
and that deer rushes off to help
a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z = more organized
while jack runs away
end of episode.
Kandirhu I try to keep my hands away from the keyboard when bored
Rose` why did you type the querty keyboard backwards?
i wanted to be kewl, and unique
And failed at both.
Riiiight....
OK. Wierd tree ship thingy, GOt it.
/me in the woods...
xD HIS FACE OH GOD XD
spacesuits...
z y x w v u t s r q p o n m l k j i h g f e d c b a
ello
Hai Crankshaft :)
ello Crankshaft
jump good jack!
DIKYDOO HAS ME BESTED!
Hi Crankshaft
Overkill much?
ability lost
:O
hai Crankshaft
P Y F G C R L A O E U I D H T N S Q J K X B M W V Z
Pay no attention to the spacecraft behind the curtain.
What's up?
Meanwhile what spacecraft? all I see is a tree
EXTERMINATE!
Q W D F G H Y T R E M N B V C X Z L P O J S A
fail all the shots
okay, stop it
look what youve started, ThatGuy
i thought the bugs in my house were bad :L
Qvzrafvbaf-gurbel:V xrrc cbffvoyr gurer'er zber qvzrafvbaf va bar gvzr, be rira bar va na bgure.Gurer'er zber gurbevrf nobhg guvf, V qba'g tb vagb vg abj, whfg gryy gurfr qvzrafvbafner raretl gbb.
sorry guys im new here, but how often do the shows change?
./)_-
never, FlutterShutter
The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.
FlutterShutter: depends on the streamer
FlutterShutter it's ramdon mostly
good going jack
ok thanks!
FlutterShutter: Depends on the person streaming. :)
dexter, shut up.
FlutterShutter it's whenever the mods have free time
FlutterShutter: Have you read the Rules and FAQ? :)
Rose` It aint my fault people follow everything i do, im just so sexy ;D
uh.. some people who dont get it feel bad and kick for fun
I plan to go shopping this evening
i will
I haven't been sleeping much :/
~
brb
Anyone who isn't a machine never can and never will die in this show. It's a lot less exciting when you realize that.
Nerd ftw
poor guy
mentlegen
bitch shut up, no ones listens to a pink helmet
Kandarihu: there's a lot of implied deaths though
Shut up Spongebob
WAIT THAT WOULD BE SUPER GOOD CHANCES 6039:1 is amazing D:
he reminds me of a cartoon character
of some sorts
they all do!
woah, that is tom D:
science
Ahhh.... Thanksgiving is awesoe...
Mr.Science?
can do it
Thats hot
MadSurge, a million is a statistic. The only reason Jack was sent to the future to fight robots is to AVOID violence where living beings can come to harm.
mecha jack
/me burps "There's the chicken..."
composite armor never last more than half an episode
Congratz Jack, now you look like an egg.
its ALIVE
The thing is, if people die, censors say no.
mecha sonic? what are you doing here!
Is it cuz you're stressed?
ahaha
XD
/me falls over laughing
:D
lol
:D
Lets beat him-* burps and snore *-.... where's the robot?
Kandarihu: there's at least one episode where living things die
he can fly
zoom zooooom
what happened to jump good?
Who needs to jump good when you have a rocket pack.
05BUZZ LIGHTYEAR
I believe I can fly!
05NOW WITHOUT WINGS
I believe I can touch the sky!
TO INFINITY
k
He can't jump THAT good...
he's adapting well
AND BEYOND!
AND BEYOND
To infinity and then a bit more.
luke
Meanwhile, the skill to jump good could still come in handy, even with this.
dem star wars drones
you must learn to use the force
use da force jack
party hard
why was that guy talking on teh stairs?
Party egg.
/me uses the opposite of the force... uses friction
rings are lame...
party soft
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Comic Micro Series #1 - Twilight Sparkle Pre-orders
who was he talking too?
I DONT EVEN!
I got me bottle of apple cider-* snores *
his odds are awesoem
*awesome
yo jack
that shit be wack
poor jack, doesn't even know his name
/me sleeps while standing, making his upper body deadweight, but leaving his legs keeping him upright
wine
what?
Totally.
how do they drink with a suite on?
That's how science work.
i thought that sends you forward
up up up!
I heard "This theory is very sound" in the crowd
here's a secret "gaps"
The escape pod is a tree, your argument is invalid.
:L
Wait. If Jack goes back into the past and defeats Aku, wouldn't all his expieriences in the future cease to exist?
"I'd like to be a tree"
i <3 science :D
*experiences
[SLURRED] Why don't we BLOW up the recreation of the Empire State building in Los Angeles.
Meanwhile, it was probably modelled after a tree to try to avoid detection
I do not <3 science.
Aperture labratories thanks you. Your 60$ will be arriving shortly
Because the fact that it's made of metal and was surrounded by forest wouldn't affect it being found.
05DinkyDoo: why not?
05you wouldnt be on IRC without it
DinkyDoo: D:
Wrek: OPPISITE DAY.
It's a miracle they didn't get found beforehand.
pony_3636, I was JUST playing that game yesterday!
which one? Science?
Hello everypony.
[SLURRED] Hey.... I got.... something in life... that I love... that's air, man.
allo Firelight
Hi Firelight :)
hai Firelight
how've you been Firelight
Wassup, Firelight.
...Sorry...
Aperture jokes, g** jokes, or fluttershy jokes
Hai Firelight :)
Hi, Firelight! :)
portal 2 is 5$ on steam, just thought id say that...
Good Alex.. I havn't been on for months!
Well. I already announced this... but
conami: WOw.
*WOW
WHAT? I got the orange box as a gift anyway.
Wasn't it 20$?
sale, demo
/me noms on MLP_Brovakiin for no reason :3
.... oh yeah. Thanksgiving.
its on sale yep
for the next 2 days
/me noms on thelonepony back :D
Fire in space, fuck your physics.
EXPLOSION
the flame sword :D
[SLURRED] Lets SLAP Valve and give them a Hat for that sale.
Just telling the other people that don't know, I havn't been on for 7 months because my laptop crashed. So I waited for black friday to purchase a new one.
parasprite hat.
mosquito hat
Parasprite.
Well, it's nice to have you back Firelight. :)
because we know space is full of O^2
sweet Firelight, glad to have you back
samurai jack hat.
how do wings work in space?
I say a Fancy Fedora.... with mosquitoes on it.
hats!
saxton hale vs. Samurai jack
YES
WHO WOULD WIN
Firelight, that's a long time to wait to buy a computer.
YES
YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYES
Nonono...
Samurai Jack would
kabooom
/me drinks beer to think
or even better- saxton hale and chuck norris
Samurai Jack still
so Firelight, how are you liking season 3?
... I say... Kratos VS Alex Mercer.
Betcha can't make a face crazier than this?
ahaha, theyre running
ONE BAD SEED in 2 DAYS
Deacon: Well, the first 2 episodes where a bust... but I loved Too many pinkie pies.
robots with a sense of self preservation?
red one standing by
so that's how wasps mate.
DUN DUN DUUUUN
aaannnnddd screwd
Kratos would be like: Slash slash, and having a temper tauntrum...
:O
red leader red leader
sombra or g**? Who was a better villain. One invaded the crystal empire, another invaded the internet
looks like a shuttlecock
it does
damn cocky bug bots
Stop being a hero jack....
jack is back
08,01i think Too Many Pinkie pies was lazily written, flandersised, and possibly the worst episode of the entire show
Alex would be like: Extend, appendage, I got me some appendages.
pony_3636: Definately the first one.
lol
jack jack jack, jack is back
jack wut are you doing
Moo
jack
stahp
jack in the dark
I do love pinki though
Jack jack jack, hes back back back.
jack vac
If you think about it, Alex Mercer has too many appendages...
its glwoing
jack jack jack, jack come back.
that sound effect
Jack jack jack, come back back back.
Man now THIS brings back memories
its jack, jack, jack
add guiles theme and we have progress
08,01i do love pinkie, buut that was a crap and mostly out of established character episode
come back shane
^
well, what about 1 bad seed. What do u think it'll be
slowest gun in history
EVER!
LAAAAAUNCH
I say-* hiccup *-Firelight is right.
kabooom
wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
not a slow gun, a slowdawn
Hes a comment!
death.
Comet..
LAG
I HATE
He'll be fine
Gnight everypony!
I can't spell correctly today..
o_o
Well, it is space..
fly.
SEE? He's fine
Ded
bye Michael
Walk it off.
Headache achieved.
night!
Cya Michael
comet
TOO MUCh COMMENTS!
Bye Michael
bye Michael sleep well
night Michael
cya guys to watch bad seed.
Jack is Master Chief.
bai
By mich
Bye, Michael. :)
alive! he's alive!
aaannnd facepalm
seeya then pony_3636
hey people of the internet
Hes alive! HES ALIVEEEE!
05well that was fun
oh, wrek
That was Ballar
that scared me so bad
yes it was Wrek
no more?
it was wacha!
jack is back
Wrek I thank thee.
/me is slappable
Bye Michael :)
its okay, i thank you for streaming, but meow meow meow
Ew Fluttershutter, your text looks like cancer >.<
wrek is a poni
sounds the same
08,01Firelight: im using my right of free speech to give a critique and personal opinion about the spisode
Thank ya Wrek
05unless you guys want anotehr
haha i know rite
Is the pope Catholic?
sea ponies xD
If you want to, Wrek.
please sir, may i have some more
Another one!
do
adventure time!
it
do you know best o c in season 3: LIBRARY LADY>
Meanwhile: Do priests like altar boys?
Rose`: MOOOOREEEE
no, just real busy
ANOTHER!!
MMMMOOOOOOORRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEE
:D
Bring on the Scotsman. He's a trip.
how about adventure time?
Wrek: Please sir, may we have some more?
scotsman one.
08,01otakon: it was fun, it's just below the standard set by the rest of the show
How about no.
Woot!
Well I rather liked the last episode. It reflects on character development that Pinkie Pie has already gone through.
YEA!
YAY!
... I love.... Gravity Falls, man
aniderp: as much as I like AT, Samurai Jack is better
DAt face.
FUN?
Wrek: YOU ARE AWESOME.
FUN FUNFUN
thank you Wrek :)
demo, phineas and ferb is the way to go
I agree with ayejay :3
Too Many Pinkie Pie was just overall silly
NEVER FORGET REN AND STIMPY... I love them!!
^
Yeah i agre
Its not hypnotizing me..
Gargoyles is best pony
dat face
*agree
yeah well they also were very adult DemoPegono
Must.. Keep... Watching... instead.. of playing.. League Of Legends..
evil is raw
homestar runner is best pony
But I always laughed at them, otaken. Even when I was young.
What does the scouter say about the epicness of this show and Wrek?
DemoPegono: yeah so did I?
everybody, homestar is still amazing(but dead)
ITS OVER NINE THOUSAAAAAAAAND!
/me Crushes scouter
DinkyDoo: it's over NIEN THOUSAND!
boo
THE WOOLIES!
Yeah, otakon... it was good.
And to be honest, I found some aspects of the episode to be pretty dark IMO.
The Hooks!
NO ITS OVAR NINE MIIIILLLLIOOOON!!
/me explodes
watch homestarrunner
please.
AJIsAwesome: the Pinkie sorting for one
ITS OVER NINE MILLIOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON!
Dat hat.
also LOVE THAT MUSIC
THIS CANNOT BE
/me Crushes scouter LIEK A BOSS
Dat Swag
THIS. IS. SPARTA!!
lagging
/me kicks air
like a boss.
Goddamn fantastic movie
ahem music
Look away for a moment and chat became stupid...
watch homestar runner
homestar runner is best internet show
otakon: Also the existential/identity crisis. Even Pinkie herself doesn't know if she's really the real one.
05pony_3636: too bad you are gettign lag, you seem to be the only one
the soundtrack for this is great tho i never seen this movie or series of cartoon yet
05blame your itnernet
Friday Movie Night: 1 day, 0 hours, 59 minutes.
oh
Meanwhile: bah you say it's always stupid
I do to.
Betcha' can't make a face crazier than... THIS!!!
Freakazoid, now THAT was a good show.
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Drawfriend Stuff #632
look at chat for a moment, and Meanwhile became stupid
ANIMANIACS
otakon: Not always, just usually.
nanananana
oh this isn't the Woolies
but looks awesome so far
BATMAN!
it's THE SCOTSMAN!
I love this ep
Thank you Wrek :)
this part.
OY! Who's Scotty?!
who is the best man?
scotsman.
oh this part.
yes.
OH yeah THIS
just yes.
Rose`: he is
I wanna give him a-* snores *
but he's not THE Scotsman
you will love this part.
keep watching
GODDAMMIT! Wrek BOT!
it's like doctor who.
GODDAMMITDARIBOT!
XD
It's nothing like doctor who
Wombo combo.
otakon: >.>
I said that to grab your attention.
XD XD XD I LOL SO HARD
Jack is all, "Who DOES things like this anyway?"
wait for it...
no.
...
here it comes :)
What?
Bam!
here he comes
?
coming
GET READY!
WHAT IS IT?!
Prepare yourselves!!!
05pony_3636: jeez calm down or ill maek you calm down
00,10one of the best eps
best charactar ever is cominc
Wrek: I like the watermarks
calm me down
done!
/me Two Day's Later
O.o what if i dont want to prepare?
Prepare Yourselves!
WHAT DO I NEED TO PREPARE FOR?!
worst bridge ever
thats pure awesomeness
DemoPegono: just watch
... fine.
Who even made this bridge?
just watch and see.
here it is
Demoprgono: MY anus.
dat music
:)
00,10why so ging
ello. won't be here for long
here he comes
/me facepalms
dat music
Hi, Eli. :)
hiya Eli STAY! it's Samurai Jack
uuugh
Hi Eli :)
dont. this is amazing
getting a headache
GAH! Ear rape!!!
I like it
Hai Eli :)
taking headphones out
samurai jack is more awesome than headache
Hello all
00,10I like the sound of bagpipes
... I don't hear anything.
Yes, he has a machinegun for a peg leg
DUDE.. I Want that leg!
^^^
Ear rape?? I LOVE bagpipes!!
<3
Hi MadSurge :)
MACHINEGUN PEG LEG!
Hi, Major. :)
05machinegun peglegs ftw
Sumica /)
:O
Disney is taking over the world! First star wars, then... PONIES!
:pinkie pie
MACHINE PEGLEGS?
FlutterShutter: O_o
:p
:)
DerpyMuffins: yo derps: are you teh same DerpyMuffins who wrote "It's the thought that counts"?
WHAT?! Disney too MLP?!
00,10(\ Major
THAT IS AWESOME.
:O
HES STILL GOING?@!!?
AJIsAwesome: Machinegun pegleg
Scotsman
AGAIN!
no, not YET
The Scotsman has a true grasp of facial expressions.
otakon: I would love one of those.
/me flips table
DemoPegono: theres a rumor that disney is trying to acquire hasbro
Ping this if you like replacing people's car keys with Yogurt.
Days
Hi thelonepony :D
he's only been on it ONE day
Im not saying they will buy it, but you neer know.
Hi MadSurge :D
DerpyMuffins: are you there?
*never
jack
JUMP GOOD!
tab fail, right MadSurge? :D
Cowvarkian: ... I'M GONNA HEADBUTT THEM! I'M GONNA HEADBUTT THEM! I'M GONNA HEADBUTT THEM!
thelonepony: AYE
Rose`: this is before then
Damn ginger...
The Scottsman is the greatest Scottsman who as ever lived
Major: he is
05DemoPegono: you calm down aswell.
just ninja jump over him jack!
Yer rood.
hes got a classic scotsman attitude
lol the Scotsman calling Jack rude
oppresed by the brits
DemoPengono:BONK
XD
love it :D
00,10oi
Welp.
XD
Wrek: But that's horrible!!
:O
Rose`: the series is in an anachronic order
Ya pluck face kanoot
Wow....
i'll fight for ti :D
Talk about ovberreacting.
20 second insult incoming
No dentists in Scotland.
Wrek: It's already enough they got Star Wars!
...
finish.
well, it is part of the british isles
HOW ABOUT WE EAT SOME HAGGIS
GUT HIM IN HALF!!
*cut
It's FLIPPING air for me then.
/me likes haggis
00,10amazing insults
^
Sumica: best insults
^^
^^^
JESUS
^
:O
You fight like a cow!
That's a knife.
/me thinks scotsman's nanny is jesus.
Thats what he said
...
XD
...
that bridge doesn't quite behave like physics command...
I like cereal.
:O
D:
the 20 SECOND LONG INSULT!
:I
hahah
XD
love it!
Did he just call him a stoner?
Like a Scottsman
The ONLY man to raise Jack's ire
Glibber opp blabbin snaffle milk drink niimoot glabbin gerfrabble
did he call him a stoner
worm eyed
o noes his hat!
Shit just got real
NOT THE STRAW HAT.
00,10now jack is mad
Still Jack blocked it with one hand
:D
TATTY!
STAB!
You did NOT just cut that Straw Hat.
Trolled.
XD
STAB HIM
Hah
... soo... how about them governors today?
stab
oh hell no
O.O
luffy is crying somewhere
AJIsAwesome: he's lucky that's not luffy
00,10jack could have killed him just now
AW HEEEELLLL NAW
SHIT GOT REAL NOW
sad scottsman
You've done it now
Eli: He sure is.
good bye,
Title on www.bronystate.net: Happy Thanksgiving, everyone!! | BronyState
Dat post
now youve fucked up
you have fu7cked up now
string bean
just calm down
Lmao
Sumica that probably wouldve been dishonorable though, he wasnt ready
just CALM DOWN
also it's a Magic Claymore
Happy Turkey Day everypony!
So wait.. Why are they fighting again?
Happy Turkey Day, Major. :)
00,10he already swung his sword twilight_sprinkle combat had started
Firelight: Scotsman takes things way too seriously
Firelight: because neither of them would move
dat speed
aaahhhh wat a meal...
Neither one would stand aside
Firelight: because the scottishman won't step aside to let Jack pass
00,10jack offered to stand aside
Wish I could swing a sword as fast as Jack could.
Halitosis Attack
EEEYAAAAAAAAA
the Tremendous Horse Cut
:O
why not jump over to begin with?
I've probably seen this story before
Magic Ruuuunes!
Why didn't he just jump over him..
Am I the only one who thought that he was gonna behead him?
A tremendous what? lol
Rose`: he can't jump over him
RUNES
Sumica but he stopped it though. technically you could say it had begun, but he probably wouldntve wanted to win like that
FlutterShutter: Tremendous Horse Cut
i thought jump over too
otakon: Why fucking not?
oh
He can jump like 80 feet in the air.
AND THEY FOUGHT FOR DAYS
ROCKET JUMP POWERS ACTIVATE! * blows up 'cause of crit rocket *
This goes on.
its like that goddamn tree in pokemon gold and silver
:D
It does.
night
00,10well that and the sword wont kill any one innosate
They're worn off now :D
ur dewm
Meanwhile: bc the Scotsman probably would have said something along the lines of "And show me yer nethers in that dress?"
When Samurai Jack tells you to move you bloody move
*fails*
jack can jump good, he should just jump over the canyon.
bye Eli
otakon: Who cares.
bye Eli
lol
just use your leg...
ahaha
Dovah: later on
They fought FOR A DAY
Russianbrony: He's a sportsman.
to a STANDSTILL
its like battling 5 level 100 metapods
?
o snap
Oh damn
Ok something off topic but I want to buy a hd camera but I don't know which one I should get
00,10enter the south
Goddamn Alien Pigs
<.<
harden children
wtf
otakon what're you doing in this show?
05HOLY FUCK WATCHOUT! HILLBILLY PIGS
Dem Redneck.
double snap
Sumica: South Galaxy
oh
CyberTheDJPony: Lol Smosh reference.
Meanwhile: -_-
Classic
FUCK
it's like playing maps and minions in strongbadia in the free
mfw i missed the season premiere
00,10shotgun that fires handcufs
wrong side
did he just call jack gay
lol
cowvarkian: no
XD
Aaaand water..
yup
DURP
Fall good too.
down.
aand dead frogger
is best
Pajama wearin' daisy.
:)
00,10no wonder they built a bridge over it
00,10it's the deep south
at least there's water
HIS HAT!
U mad?
in water
is it loading for u guys too?
SHUT UP!
Jack is silent... Jack is ruthless... Jack can kick yo' ass to next Tuesday.
Xd
00,10jacks face
bagpipes
dat look
o3o
I love that bit
that look
hat.
sdfahahah
bagpipe
Robogators
O_o
? Robogators?
hunters
.
What?
?
BLOW UP THE MOON!...
Demdoblahabelbebhleadadahda
uumm
Go faster
??????
i keel you
HAH! Boss Hog!
XD
Now that was FLUENT Hillbilly.
sounds like the people that live around me :I
00,10bomhower
mmph mmph.
Cypresswolf: you just got it huh?
he and pyro are buds
Well, I totally knew what he was saying.
and here comes the bragging
Cool Story bro.
i have a DIRTY MIND! So dirty, I need a bar of soap and a hacksaw for it!!
AJIsAwesome: Was it vulgar?
I just came in - I havent seen this ep in years
NO BUFFER!
Lol
:>
it's better now
wait if he has a move to destroy metal WHY NOT BREAK THE FUCKING CHAINS!!
05profanity is good for the soul
Why look for a door when you can cut one out?
how does he not get dirt in his foot muzzle?
hillbillies are bck
The planet is passively trolling the Scotsman at all times.
no posters for scotsman.
lol.
Rose`: it has a plug in it obviously the pops out before firing
J_E_Smith71: He was saying something about how great of a a show Samurai Jack was and how it really needs an ending.
kaboom
XD
00,10outhouses dont work on lakes
05bagn bang bagidy bang bang bang
said, "pyro is gonna hang tomorrow"
XD
ahahha
Bangbangbakkedybangbangbang
Gotta love that hillbilly style. :P
God I miss this show so much
said "he and I use flares, they go bang.
^
JUST CUT THE CHAIN!
crash twin sainity!
magic sword: doensnt cut thru the damn shackles
Rose`: the sword can but Jack isn't superhumanly strong enough to do it
Bullet Bill?
You know what show I really miss? Ed Edd n' Eddy
rose that was my point XD
So much Dukes of Hazard :)
Rose`: same situation before .. with hey...
Ded
seems legit
Major True Dat
said" momma pyro is proud of this"
yay.
Wrek: any chance we can get Jack vs. The Assassin Bots next PLEASE?
wouldnt that shrapnol cut em up?
00,10needs more jump good
later dammit
Jack Jump Good came a LOT later
Why cut when you can headbutt
ahaha
00,10so did the assasan bots
Seems LEgit.
BONK
scotsman is a troll
otakon: We had the jump good ep already
Sumica: eeyup and I LOVE that ep
Okay.
pew pe
That's awesome.
brb
A gator with a machiene gun chest
RAAAAAAAAgh
aaaw D:
instead of killing people
theyre all robots.
00,10it worked for wolfenstine J_E_Smith71
Deflecting all of the bullets with incredibly swift strikes.
Now he takes out the Gun..
wait his leg was a gun all along?
Yep.
gun to a samurai sword fight.
Aye
only the scotsman would do that.
*facepalm*
^
05oo this is a godo episode
Hur dur
I love the scotsman.
Are you fucking kidding me? -.-
00,10no I'll row the boat
Nu Ai'll buy YEW a refreshment
there was money.
Because Scottsman are just as badass as Irishmen
we need that episode with the scotsmans wife
and then hermes and bender walked into the distance
jack
00,10Jack is the ultimate cross over charicter
Lets watch some ponies.. Or not. Thanks Wrek.
shiny ponies :3
Thanks Wrek
you spoke too soon.
05im jsut grabbign a drink
ponies
k
twilights face
MODS ARE ASLEEP
Ooh, groovy
POST GAPS
No >:I
NOP
Wrek: Well love this "standby" still image you've got now when you play the music
gaps?
Dat club music.
Ohai twilight_sprinkle :)
goddamit I love Wrek Sessions
hoi thelonepony :3
Oh its time for turkey. Be back in a while guys
00,10it's amazing what one can do with xsplit J_E_Smith71
/me noms on twilight_sprinkle :3
See you later, J_E_Smith71. :)
wb
/me noms on tehlonpot :4
Dude.. Where can I find this song?
anyone wanna play tekkit?
Anyone want to play League Of Legends? I just got Brolof and corporate mundo.
test
LoL?
thanks
this is jammin!
This track's the boopinest!
05back
all the boops!
05so yeah
05this next ep is a personal fav
hell yeah
HELL YEAH!
now if I only didn't have to miss BMN tomorrow
:'(
*gasp
05it will be even smootehr once i set everything up
05this is just a 5 mintue setup you're watchign ;)
....
Ah, so peaceful. Ain't gonna last, of course.
>.>
man these parts of the show are some of the best
05suddenly chat dead
we're waiting in
Oh wow, Samurai Jack still going on :O
So much delicious turkey. . .
ANTICCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCI
PATION
I'm watching bond movies on tv
Wrek: *shrugs*
OH THIS ONE!
Aww this one, this one is great.
Chat dies when I enter. Weird
05as i said
LadyCanary: Of course it would. It's Jack! :D
LadyCanary: yes it is join us!
05personal fav
05gee wonder why
00,10of corse wrek likes this one
Yar
Wrek: I like the Assassin Bots better myself but this one is good... RoboVikings :P
00,10hi LadyCanary
who would've guessed
Because Wreky is best viking \:3/
sorry, i need to watch grumps
Hi Sumi :3
conami: bah Game Grumps can wait dammit!
back and suddenly steel vikings
conami: Dont listen to otakon. Do what you want.
05grumps have a pause button
Taht guy need sto see an optician.
k im playing tekkit but vewing the video so i wont be able to respond in a while
Loving the music in this.
05this doesnt
05>:3
LadyCanary: :O! You would watch a YT video over JACK!?
">:3"?
No otakon D:
Im just saying!
suddenly Satyr
00,10reminds me of the undead Viking
that's a LOT of arrows
Wrek Remember that guy that makes those Deus ex 1 SFM videos?
you can controll me no longer otakon! *SLASH* *samerurai jack theme*
nice tracks
05ye
/me is slashed in half and explodes dramatically
Wrek New video out! :D
05i know :3
Your vikings are DEAAAAD Wreky ;3;
/me reforms from dust
Well that was different
otakon x dust
otp?
:>
00,10clean up aiales 1-20
that didnt go so well
what does otp stand for, official tee pee?
Make that 1-50.
oh, this episode
05only true pairing
twilight_sprinkle: One True Pairing
But robot vikings<<<<<<<<<REAL vikings
11,02:D
05or oen
05eitehr wya
oh ok thx
00,10oh I thought it ment on the point
ohai SuperBrony64 :D
I was AFK so long, my laptop is lava hot :I
oni_link: I know that feeling.
So, what're we watching?
entire robot army
Guuuuuld
Eddmario: Samurai Jack
bah!
Ruuuuubies?
mmmmm?
Ruuuuuuuuuuubies
AJIsAwesome: it buuurrrrrrrrrnnnnssss
ooozric
Hello
Asric
I know
And sweet, Samurai Jack!
Dat hasbin.
and that got Jack's attention
Seems legit
Poor Viking
OF COURSE
reduced to a swabby
I like his pelt :3
Just so happens it's right over there.
Since you asked.
if they was an actual mongolian aship, they would've keelhauled him by now
that's convenient
00,10well that was conveneint
you dont sit in the great khan's chair
Dark_Horst: it's like 10K years in the future
11,02hai thelonepony :3
hiya SuperBrony64
hey SuperBrony64
otakon: and they still have a great khan
hows the wiiu so far, sb? :3
I love this show!
me too
Good evening SuperBrony64
Motorboatin'
alos love that dingy
SuperBrony64: How was Cookie Day? :)
haha
Hi thelonepony
why am i poor walmart has 7 ponies for 15 bucks
Hi Punkie_Pue :3
cookie day? o.o
spitfirecolt: damn :I
00,107 you say
this is a damn good ep
To WALMART! :D
11,02AJIsAwesome: Still going on but cool :3
yep
11,02thelonepony: awesome :3
00,10wonder who the 7th is
SuperBrony64: coooookie :3
SuperBrony64: great :3
/me gives SuperBrony64 a cookie :3
Pretty snow~
/me grabs cookie and runs away
D:
I can't find my wallet. Now I don
/me gives SuperBrony64 a couple terabytes of external storage
D:
sprinkles, GET BACK HERE.
its on eqd
*don't have my debit card :I
youll never take me alive, eyjey!
/me tackles sprunkls
00,10deploy hands
dem reflexes
>:I stahp it
...Holy.
/me dons his police siren cap "Stop right there, criminal scum!"
/me eats cookie while falling
damn
D:
<:
you lose, coppers!
he ate the cookie ayejay ;3;
suddenly Anubis Archers
D:
O_O
;~;
ded
pause for dramatic effect!
Sentry ahead
and commercial!
Jack.jpg
00,103 archers instant 4 arrows
So much for Jack
...WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT.
<.<
now THAT is skill
jack has developed psychokinesis
one word. awesome.
they really dont like visitor
s
I wonder if Mythbusters has done if you can cut an arrow in mid air
the question is , will he take an arrow to the knee ?
TrixieMuffin: enope
mythbusters isnt the most reliable for science
yeah he tries this
TrixieMuffin: you should feel bad
Jack used FLASH!
cowvarkian: undoubtedly
It's not very effective....
^
^6
*^^
^7
00,10loses more hats that way
these things creeped me out as a kid
^
yeah me too
05the less clothes the harder the foe
05samurai jack rule 1
^
Rule 2. The more damage Jack takes to his clothing the harder he fights.
lol
But he always battles Aku fully clothed.
rule 3. when his hair knots gone your fucked
^
Wrek: http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/ea74d1d6eab9d19b3104905e92e82ca1.jpg :3
their level ? so from atop a tower ?
05:3
MadSurge: nice pic but a NSFW warning might be appropriate next time
ish good MadSurge
otakon: for some belly? O_o
how do they tell the deer apart from people
MadSurge: more for the tight clingy top
jack should pretend hes a deer
hows that nsfw
oh look it's LadyCanary
twilight_sprinkle, it's probably a familiar sound.
Er, yeah. Sorry
....that's not nsfw
okay
IT IS SUGGESTIVE
05otakon....
05ok thats silly
MadSurge: XD
Kandarihu: cant imagine walking in snow be much different from people, but maybe there is a slight difference they can hear
http://cdn.derpiboo.ru/media/BAhbBlsHOgZmSSIsMjAxMi8xMS8xNy8wNV8yMl80NV83NDFfMTU0NTY0X19VTk9QVF9fBjoGRVQ/154564__safe_animated_princess-cadance_shining-armor_epic-wife-tossing_fastball-special.gif
whoa
MadSurge: I would've liked it more if Cadance didn't have that much cleavage.
MadSurge: she'll never make it, too front heavy :P
did not expect that
thats some loud snow
00,10knew that one was coming Dark_Horst
AJIsAwesome: :D
Second favorite is the Professional Bitch Toss
:3
true AJIsAwesome
ala King Slug
00,10jack is one step away from full power
05I prefer stoned olympics
XD
Dark_Horst: one of the greates gifs ever :D
indeed XD
MadSurge: dude DA for the artist I like their style
99% of the stuff on the internet is Not Safe For Work when you get right down to it. The only content that's truely Safe For Work is whatever's Relavent To Work
true
yeah he's THAT good
I am going to bed now, goodnight everyone :)
night MLP_Brovakiin sleep well
Night, MLP_Brovakiin. :)
Awwww snap.
bye MLP_Brovakiin
Totally how arrows work.
^
just the tip
lol
He saved them, by killing them?
Decursed them
thanks for the stream(s) Wrek! :)
....restored
What is wrong with your necks?
yeah
By an arrow to the chest?
sure
such a weird way to draw them
Meanwhile: they're aliens obviously
Hey guys and what is this?
Samurai Jack
Necks.
Great goddamn show
Hi, AJfan77. Samurai Jack. :)
AHH
why do they have big necks
inb4 its a tarp
Hi AJfan77 :)
Heh. Long and hard.
only you would do that Meanwhile
00,10he mad
ragejack.jpg
You look upset Jack.
Not worth it then
well, fuck you too, well
those lips
he mad
stab
i like how he said destroyed
hehe that tickled
kaboom
My mom camy mom came home with a RD desk ornament so yay :)
00,10well that was anticlimatic
Hello, all. I have returned.
AJfan77: lol
Hi, Jageman. :)
AJfan77: nice
AJfan77: lol thats cool
wb Jageman
hoi Jageman
Sumica: I swear in one version you see a quick cut to Aku yelping in pain
Epic Ending
00,10diffrent ep I think
did we see Jack and the Spartans already?
i love this show
I missed my childhood show?
I used to watch this show all the time
Pika-Picho: seems like it :I
I miss this show.
wat
lol
Long ago in a distant land...
japan
Someone made a AJ verison of this.
he sounds like iroh
It is Mako
twilight_sprinkle: yfw that IS Iroh
otakon: Nah, not really a human Mane 6 kind of guy/
*.
otakon: so wait, irohs va died then?
i miss mako
Samurai Applejack.
twilight_sprinkle: yeah he died ;_;
more jack attack? :D
my 3 fave eps were Seasons of death, tales of X9 and The haunted house.
00,10twas sad
otakon: wow, avatar wasnt even that long ago..
goddammit Mako was a fantastic VA
RIP Mako.
Leaves from the vine...falling so slow... ;_;
twilight_sprinkle: enope, they had a stand in do Iroh after Mako's passing
How is everyone today? Did I miss anything?
I forgot he died >.>
Little soldier boy, comes marchng home
^
twilight_sprinkle: Mako voiced Iroh for the first season of TLA only
LadyCanary: oh God don't remind me
OMG I LOVE THIS EPISODE
00,10thought it was the chicken one
o dis
what Sumica said
Jack is best hero of the people.
is this the shoe one?
this is a great ep
OMG samurai jack!
Nope Alchemist
Bonk.
Bonk. U mad Aku.
No shit StarKaster.
what...
i didnt even notice a difference in avatar. maybe they shouldve used irohs new va for aku
Oh I remember now.
Dat voice.
lol
No,you are the best AJ.
Aku's Fairy Tales
05dat bullying
i missed this show
THIS EPISODE :D
:D
D:
00,10poor kid
lol poor aku baby
Omg DAT AKU FACE XDDDDD
Quick, beat him with sticks.
He is not amused.
Lolwut
Hi?
rebelion of children!
and here is epic mako voice
CCCP! :$
oh hi MadSurge
Poor kid.
because bullying is okay
man i miss mako my he rest in peace
i swear tartakovsky was thinking of ussr when he was writing this
Unenthused Aku :D
That happened to me once as a child.
this ep i mean
Pika-Picho: a shape shifting creature of evil told you stories?
00,10beard stroke
No no no.
best beard stroke ever
Aklu?
Being hit by sticks.
http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/33d2a4bab19d4944fbe87e26c844beb8.jpg Luna imitates Aku :|
00,10aklubyfour
Propogandaaaa
all dat propaganda
05is it jsut me
Welcome to storytime with Aku.
^
STOP HITTING ME WITH STICKS.
05or are the screens with cute creatures scariet than anyhtign else in thsi show ever?
The end.
05r
It's just you.
holy shit
everything would be better this way
No it would not.
00,10they stare in to your soul with cold black eyes wrek
i love how he appears:D
Instant Aku
^
i blinked and BAM
MadSurge: XD
MadSurge: Love that pick
Instant Aku, just add water.
05its official
/me stares at Wrek o3o
blank stare
From IMDB: "Aku" is Japanese for "Evil"
05aku is an SCP-173
okkkk
....POSDIJNFKSDLFJDS
HELL NO
Hehe. Epic proportions.
I always thought this show was kinda boring.
Wrek: MUCH less dangerous when pissed though :F
Wreky why ;3;
nom
*:D
Sameri jack?
O_O....-_- *snap*
No. Samurai Jack.
Lern 2 spel.
santa?
Santa?
Space Reindeer
lol super santa?!
spelling is srs bsns
OH NO IT'S APPELOR
spartan santa?
&
is this based on something
It's discord!
Spartan Space Santa
lol damn
the Cosmic Squorge?
discord vs santa?
^
00,10and missed
Beef jerkey?
lol
lolwut
what?!
AAAAHHHH
ok its offical its discord
LOL
Wtf
....Mmmm...
Beast Jerky!
terkey?
uh...
ooookay
i thought he was going to say bacon
well, didnt see that coming
What a story Aku.
Discord turned into beef jerky.
well then
Seems legit
I did not get any turkey today.
Of course it's Aku :D
what a storymark
Wait what.
ok
yay aku, our hero :D
:D
00,10acooola
damn...
Aww,That was such a sweet story.
what a lie
:(
AKU MAKES BEEF JERKY?!
Aku is the hero they deserve
00,10what a story mark
not buying it xD
stream why you die? :C
lol
They're not buying it
Three eyed kid is like "Yeah. Sure."
WITH GREAT FLAMING EYEBROWS!
but not the one they need right now
~Worships Aku~
So Mark how's your sex life?
So he made discord into beef jerky?
wat
one day, in the land of equestria...
YES THIS.
ONCE UPON A TIME, IN A DISTANT LAND
lol LadyCanary
LITTLE RED RIDING HOOD
Incoming Kubrick
he needs to stop talking to himself
WTF is he doing?
Yay :3 Story Time!!!!
00,10ego strokeing time
...Oh my gosh SO PRECIOUS. >w<
I like aku episodes
/me still prefers Bagpuss.
LD
lol what?
05thsi episode was an excuse to get his voice warmups into the show
GREAT FLAAAMING EYEBROOOOOWS
:D
XD
Umm
No..
He's so precious :3333
I love that line
Time for creative licence
LadyCanary: she
Meanwhile: IKR :D
Wrek: I'm good with it
Wrek: really?
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: PMV: Dead End
its adorable...
i wonder what the writing session was like for this
Little Red Hood
with GREAT FLAMING EYEBROWS!
It's little red RIDING hood.
DAT VOICE :D
00,10dawwwwww
05Pick-e-nick basket
CONFECTIONARY TREATS
This guy just does not get it. He is the bad guy. He will never be the hero.
Hey-a boo boo
ill take the basket
wtf
00,10oh it's that guy
suddenly Yogi Wolf
And so Yogi Bear showed up.
Letsa go steal dat pickanick baskit.
Wasn't Little Red Hood a really crappy NES game?
Hanna Babera
dat yogi wolf
DAT HANNA-BARBERA WOLF :D
oni_link: it was
Red Hood?
Look at the bears look at the bears look at the bears
That was easy
oni_link, no. But I'll check my Goodset
Dumbass gramma.
never knew grammy was so suicidal
wtf did granny just jump in
LOL Randomnerd.
00,10they even got the same voice for the wolf that did the hannabarbera one
:D
I remembered seeing it on AVGN
^
Sumica: I knew it :D
....O_O
LASER EYE BEAMS
UMM
:D
wtf
snaps
DED
WTF
gahh haaahahahah
Best fanfiction ever.
When did this happen?
^^
Fuck you, you don't even know about Little Red Hood's eye lasers.
Pika-Picho: just then
Incoming Kubrick
Best version EVER A/5
05dat sad aku faic
XD
oni_link, woah. There IS a rom of that in GoodNES 3.14!
AKUU ISMY HERO NAO!
05:C
well that must be the insperation for fluttershu vs the bear
:C
is the sound a little be off for anyone else?
Little red hood is best NES game
:C
Damn ungrateful children.
Kandarihu: oh dear XD
00,10later akau went on to fimfiction to write pony crossovers
^
The children do not know fanfics.
^^^
inb4 ded
that kid is extreme
But unknowing to Nightmare Moon, Princess Celestia had LASER EYE BEEAAAMS. GREAT COMBAT SKILLS, AND AN UPPERCUT.
:(
OH HELL NAO
WUT
ya fed up kids
Meanwhile: :D
But ackooo is yer friend!
is this all the children in the world or just the area
00,10quicjk use your lazor eyes on her
chairmen21: yes
PAY ATTENTION CHILDREN! For I am to stroke my ego even more!
MadSurge Incoming Shining Moment
and then Jack died. THE END
:3 Awwww bear
inb4 Jack is stark raving mad
:D
with GREAT FLAMING EYEBROWS!
What does this have to do with Jack?
XD
00,10and then jack killed them all
lol
And then Jack killed them all, the end.
comrades
Comrades. o3o
comrades?
need more great flaming eyebrows
comrades
Brother?
BROTHER
GREAT FLAMING PORRIDGE
^
00,10brother bear
Looks like eggs.
They're like in a freaking cult or something.
communist bears?
That bear is a head O_o
String_Shredder replace Jack Dawson with Samuri Jack
heheheheheheh
I LOVED Little Bear.
Hulk Hogen is best bear
LadyCanary: well it IS Aku telling the story
No, that head is a bear.
Yeah that's Jack about.
EVIL JACK :D
O_O
a wicked Samurai
00,10oh it's shadow jack
Evil jack.
:D
negajack
OH YEAH PORRIDGE
the eyes THE EYES
Evil Applejack.
OH YEAH
He was an impudent old bad Samurai
EEEEEEEEEEVIL
not even eating it! D:
It...isnt even going into his mouth.
hes not even landing it in his mouth, how horrible! D:
00,10he seems to be missing his mouth
You're missing your mouth, JAck.
THE TEETH
He's not eating it.
OH REAH
was so is Jack also Hermes' VA in Futurama?
EVEN THE BOWLS
Even the plate?
aw yeah that porrage is too fu*king good!
GOOD BOWL
i always knew he was evil
oni_link: yes
Jack fucking hates bears.
That is one crappy matress.
NO! Not Hulk Hogen's family's house!
SO EEEEEVIL
05dat was aweosme grafitti though
what a dick
cowvarkian: ah thanks
MY RECORDS
Those were shitty records
save us aku! D:
agreed, jack has some nice grafitti skillz
Now he has to put 4chan /mlp/ in little bear's room.
he ate the goldfish
I cannot brain today, I has the dumb 6_9
Is anyone elses stream derping?
he ate the friggn goldfish
NOT THE GOLDFISH
mine's fine
and they didnt sign up for aku insurance....
OH NOOO
00,10when they returned jack killed them as was the way of his people
CCCP, just a little bit every now and then
looks better than my room
O_O
lol
uhh
00,10also this ep is useing homeworld music
THey're not books, they're records.
oh my
Kandarihu Oh ok
Pfft.
wow
lol...
lol
Oh wow.
Attractive.
this episode?!
HAHAHAH
wut
yes child, whyyy?
>8(
zoidberg child?
YES CHILD?
CHILD. DO NOT question Aku's fanfiction
^
^^^
XD
I love Mako.
He looks like king sombra.
Straw wood and brick.
Pika-Picho: other way around
hes WAYYY COOLER
Kubrick Moment
Pika-Picho: Or Sombra looks like him?
So then wouldnt it stay up, Meanwhile?
:D
omg i love this xD
Shining
00,10creeper jack
/me is drinking tea right now.
What's with the evil jack?
heeeeres JACKIE
05the animator must have some awesome fun with this xD
REDRUM
Then I'll huff and I'll puff and I'll hack you to death.
Heeeeeeeere's Jackie
:D
REDRUM
thzat... was awesome
lol
:D
HERRRRRRRE'S JACKIE
Thatsss a very nicccce houssse you have there
lawl shining
Wrek: :IKR
Pika-Picho: Aku is telling stories to slander his name
00,10so many creative lissences
Shining
Indeed Sumi.
Dat Shining :D
Ok they love to refrence the shining.
lawl cinderella
OH GOD.
Welp.
lol
DRAG QUEENS
Jackwella?
._.
OH FUCK NO
00,10jackieeeeeeeeee
rule 63 jack
:D
lololololol
wtf i forgot all this stuff when i was a kid strange to come back
lol oh god
this Filler episode?
11,02o////////////o
lol qut
Fo Fi Fi Fo fum
00,10buhahahahaha
Switching stories.
*wut
fofifofifum
SuperBrony64: ?
That wasn't event creative
WITH GREAT ENDINGS
lol
ok now the writers were high
:D
You know, Aku isn't very good at this.
XD
Ok.
Kencolt: no he's not
He's like: IM NOT GAY.
:D
lmao
this is making alot of sense.
11,02I'm bored :3
^
aku stopit!
Death by sheep.
As most fanfictions do.
Aku
stahp
wat
haha wat
SuperBrony64: Eat some cookies?
oh ogd
Aku is mental
Meanwhile: ONE OF US. ONE OF US.
WAT
00,10the walls are breaking down
what ever the writers where on i want some
eaten by rats
so many children fics
11,02AJIsAwesome: After turkey :D
best fanfic
dem rats
Dat duck
best fanfiction ever 10/10 would read again.
....And kids, this is why you should never write fanfiction whilte under the influence.
He loves making random stories.
You know I don't think this is how it happened tbh.
where did the duck come from?
08,01hm
EGG
CrystalPhoenix: not fan fiction, due to no shipping
And that's how Equestria was made ^_^
LadyCanary: of lsd?
And then Samurai Jack took over companies for the sole purpose of shipping jobs overseas!
wuts happening? lol
good question
ENOUGH!
Lol he just kills himself.
Druuuuuuuuuuugssss
The more you know.
aku needs to ask stalin how to propaganda
RAGEQUIT STORY, FUCK YOU ALL
lmao
or fox news
THE END. Rate 5.
And now it is fit to put on the internet.
Bronysith, well there is the overpowered self-insert
THE END
THE END.
And that was the story of love.
:D
00,10and then fanservice
CrystalPhoenix: but no shipping
yup
lol
Am I the only one who wonders why aku does not just nuke him?
dem klingon blades
FANSERVICE GO!
....
>Mutant Guard
ha
Robot mutant
Bad
grrr
wow the children are better at fanfiction
ass
Jageman: Only the sword can hurt him.
Uhh
o/////////////////o
>Is a Robot
battle scared'jack
YEAH!
Canary gusta.
Aku is creepily creeping.
Journolist is most effective at propaganda
OMG THIS SWORD TASTES SO GOOD
When does Aku make-out with That Bounty hunter lady?
jack is making all the ladies in the chat drool D:
Okay. This is pretty much every episode. Kids ain't dumb.
LadyCanary: fanservice for the ladies!
this isnt dragonball z
11,02LadyCanary: o///////o
sounds like the script writers
AJIsAwesome: I ment why the bad guy does not nuke jack.
You know , for dramatic effect
No not yet.
00,10and then they fight!
SHUSH. I am staring at his shoulders.
Jageman: Ah.
Sumica: nooo not yet!
conami: they are the script writers
When do they fight?
AND THEN THE F*CKING FIGHT!!!
00,10and then they fight!
what is aku thinking while these children talk
Jageman: because magic sword
GET ON WITH IT
:p
dundunnduuuun
BUTT WAIT
Oh, hold on... why aren't Aku and JACK making out?
....
Cutting flames in half
and then they fuck
um wat
Sword blocking fire, Seems legit
05and thats how the series ended
00,10because you have your safe filter on Randomnerd
HOLY SHIIIT
MadSurge: so the magic sword protects from explosions and radiation?
nice
DED
Randomnerd not all Fanfics are romances
And then they alll bucked. The end.
NO
11,02'I have to go now, my people need me'
lyk if u crie evertim
The end. Rate 5.
/me cheers
YOU FORGOT THE SHIPPING@!
and that's how season four would've ended if it had carried on.
GarrettBrony: thats funny
lol
oh lawl SuperBrony64
Bye, SuperBrony64. :)
best ending ever
Well thanks for streaming the complete series of Samurai Jack, Wrek
And then jack got to f*ck all the ladies in the world
Oh, for-- http://derpiboo.ru/160173 is perfection.
bye SuperBrony64
11,02AJIsAwesome: I not leaving o3o
Hey guys
00,10dont you meen the jack movie String_Shredder
and then aku vaporized the kids
GarrettBrony: I'm kidding, I know :)
AJIsAwesome, you dolt that was a reference
All 8 episodes
Jageman: no, but it probably can cut nukes in half and make them not explode :D
PonyBean: i still think mass effect 3 ending was better
SuperBrony64: yes you are o_o
What was that?
xD
I AM NOT SLEEPING! >:C
I Akuuu Shapeshifting master of selfinsert fanfic!
Kencolt: I love it :3
MadSurge: that would make sense accually
CrystalPhoenix: Well, excuse me for not knowing every single reference int he world.
!cd
Episode 4 of season 3 "One Bad Apple" airs in 1 days, 15 hours, 17 minutes, 5 seconds (Nov 24 15:30:00 2012 UTC)
TrixieMuffin, and meta
*in the
11,02This show reminds me of Littlest Pet Shop
...
05obligatory last episode
OH HELL NO
Okay ^_^
08,01whee!
SuperBrony64, the art style?
I want to watch Littlest Pet Shop
no joke
11,02Kandarihu: The plot
08,01i wish i had a plug socket here
:C
08,01my laptop's gonna run out of battery soon
AJIsAwesome: I don't even know what the synopsis of this episode is! :$
nuuu ;~;
00,10oh no LadyCanary
Sumica: I haven't seen that.
Jageman: I see!
What, Sumica?
08,01there's on on the wall but it's blanked out
TOWOOOOH pen a portal
Okay. I wanted to watch it too, but I can't really call it watching when those guys are talking over the stream.
08,01twilight_sprinkle: i did; it was late, though
00,10they never finished it String_Shredder
I like this show! :D
08,01but i eventually got it going
JACK JACK JACK.
Sumica: THat explains that.
05guise
Wut
Yes?
05final episode
What
WAT
05better enjoy
Aw.
/me cries.
11,02Final episode? D:
MadSurge: if you cut it in half, it can not crush the core on all sides. instead of a nuke you get a dirty bomb
11,02But...but...
11,02I haven't see the other ones yet O~O
Wrek: Don't tell me what to do!
11,02seen*
Find it on netflix or something Super.
NO NOT THE FINAL EPISODE!
MadSurge: Sorry, stuff like that interests me.
Me neither, I came late SB ;~;
Jageman: so it explodes or not?
Walking through fluttershy forest.
Meanwhile: it's not on Netflix... SJ is actually fairly hard to find
Whats the final episode?
meh the cliffhanger can't be worse than reboot
Pika-Picho: :D
11,02BUT IF YOU SHOW THE FINAL EPISODE, WHAT ELSE COULD WE EVER POSSIBLY STREAM ON BRONYSTATE?!
WHAT IS THE FINAL EPISODE?!?!?!?
It's just the last episode Wrek is gonna be streaming tonight, right?
JamesClydesdale: it has none
otakon: Ask Wrek where he got it then. :P
05pfft
sadly
05i meant of my jack session
otakon: because of its awesomenss?
Wrek: where you get it?
oh it's THIS one!
00,10needs more rave ep
Bronysith: eeyup
AWWW
dat yawn
Sumica: eeeeeeeyup
untz untz unz
I loved this show
SuperBrony64 we may have to stream ponies .... this is sad indeed
^
00,10wait for it
05PengWin: I KNOW YOU'RE IN HERE!
05<3
?
Wouldn't it be funny to use the Samurai Jack opening and it goes into something else that's totally not Samurai Jack?
Jageman: so a slightly more powerful bomb?
PengWin?
MadSurge: less powerful
11,02TrixieTheMagnificent: ikr
00,10need to swap my pc to the suround sound system
Kandarihu: I've seen it done before XD
oooh, THAT episode
00,10and crank it up to 11
Oh this episode
this one's awesome
oni_link, really?
Jageman: ha! take that science :D
umm what
what
te
Sumica: oh you
His arms look like a butt
Kandarihu: yeah but it was to a YTP XD
AWW
00,10what, it goes up to 11 oni_link
HIS POOR face :s
poor sad man
oni_link, close enough
poor Innkeep
I'm laughing.
:D
Sumica Im sure it does lol
Dat hole in the floor.
:( poor guy
awe
/me creys
MadSurge: that energy would set off the fuel for the fusion reaction
DL
D;
Window is depressing
:c
he seems fine to me
liek dis if u cri evrey tiem
:'(
Poor guy
sad people make me sad too :I
WAT
MadSurge: making the explosion that much more powerful
RAVE!!
Jageman: so no crushing, no fusion, and no mushroom
Maybach Music!
i would cry to if i were trying to sleep and music like that kept me up
Oonz oonz oonz oonz
^
DAT SEXY MUSIC
Dubstep.
dam
this is techno
Fucking ravers, get out of my yard.
Pika-Picho: Not even close. :D
MadSurge: kinda yes
this show was ahead of its time
nah this was before Pika-Picho
D:
they predicted the future quite well
DUBSTEP IS EEEEEEEEVIL
no
EEZ GETTING ALL WUBSTEP UP IN HERE
This is not dubstep people
there is good dubstep..
........
^
this is not dubstep
MadSurge: nuclear weapons are kinda sensitive.
^ twilight_sprinkle
This is like straight up techno iirc
i always knew raving would evolve in to complete a holes destroying stuff
KILL THEM JACK!!
hooligan!
Jageman: like nuclear centrals?
....Aw :(
:<
oots oots oots oots
MadSurge: if you mess up the first stage explosion, it will not work as well
This isn't dubstep.
i remember these guys!
techno is evil, i knew it
unts unts unts unts unts
where did that air on kandi
Jageman: hmmhmm
What a horrible night to have a rave
The music changes kids.
This is the strangest thing.
skrillex isnt good olivia! plz! listen to ustin bieber like i want you too!
MadSurge: nuclear centrals?
OH CRAP SON
Conformityyyyy
kill them jack!!
xD
JaCk
KILL EM
guys, you are aware that this is NOT dubstep?
KILL EM
FOR DA WIN
even i know that
KILL EM
Sudden realisation.
It's dubstep.
this is why i lisen to hundred year old recordings on my phonograph
LOL
it just got Transelvania up in here
OH MY
BOSS CHILDREN XD
The sword wouldn't have worked ion them
Pika-Picho: How so?
05Pika-Picho: no this isnt dubstep
Oh god...ravers.
this is techno
05get your genres right before claiming idioticy
dubstep has a drop
This is NOT Dubstep, my friend.
Yes it is dubstep :c
and a raise
Its not damnit
./)_-
So that's what downtown Durham is like at night...
this was way before dubstep
Can't be dubstep, hearing it doesn't make me want to stab myself in the ears.
Poor guy
JamesClydesdale, no it aint
So it's techno music.
confusing electronic with dubstep ...
that was techno
spitfirecolt, I'm not sure about Lilpri, but the end of Madoka Magica was delayed for 6 weeks due to the Sendai Earthquake.
i'm not used to music
In fact, I don't even think dubstep even existed before this.
And those kids were Zombie Ravers.
MadSurge: I do know that if you mess up bad enough, none of the core material will undergo fission, making the bomb almost useless.
Its techno
Im not sure dubstep even existed at this time.
His hair looks like a girl.
where u live at kandi
Alchemist: It didn't.
anyone getting a buffer?
MadSurge: cutting it in half would do that
my little girl, techno is evil magic
no buffer here
That's a weird looking 45 record...
pony_8845: Every now and then.
This was when the rave scene was still mainstream
Jageman: so it's easy to defuse them :D
I AM SOOOO ded
Dubstep existed when this was made, but had yet to catch on on the internet
well they werent go at predicting the i pod
oni_link: maybe a bit later
never heard of that show in the us
TECHNO KILLS SO KILL IT BEFORE IT KILLS YOU!!
MY LITTLE PONEH
(/
Kandarihu: Ah, okay. I still wouldn't consider this dubstep, though.
oni_link: I think it was at its peak in the mid 90s.
MadSurge: cutting the bomb in half would ruin the shielding
I BETCHOO NO ONE HAR IS A BRONEH!
dj-pon3 is evill, send her to the sun
Jageman: still, concentrated in one spot
becasue it isnt
Alchemist: it was fairly big at the time just not as big as it once was
umm
it's techno
a shadow
DJ-PON3 is OP, nerf now.
the differenc eis as clear as day
JamesClydesdale: eww ponies
AJIsAwesome, neither would I
DAT DERPY GIRL
MadSurge: so long as the conventional explosives dont go off, yes
05bronies? eew! this is a site for samubro's
inb4 awesome outfit
Jageman: also this is the kind of future that uses lasers, not nukes :D
05get your filthy ponies otu of here
Oh man.
Wrek: never heard of that....
Best. Disguise. Ever.
holy fuu
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
SNAPS
WUT :D
LOL WAT
Dat outfit.
hahahaha
DAT
lurking in the bushes, grabbing random kids?
HA HA HA XD
LOL
LOL!
swag
is the pacifier neccesary?
Nice disguise.
SO BEAUTIFUL
He be ravin.
Bronysith: Yes.
THAT WAS A TF2 SOUND!
Bronysith: ravers
WTF
what? :D
MadSurge: an orbital ion cannon could kill him
Bronysith, only for irony
:D
Bronysith: yeah so they dont chew on their tongues when theyre on their drugs
Bronysith: Its always nessisary
dat waldo hat
When you're raving, pacifiers are necessary.
oni_link: of course, the ecstasy
If RD was real,i would dare her to do this.
this is why i wear three piece suits
MadSurge: although i could see him deflecting a laser.
xD
Bronysith: glad someone knows
Jack you suck.
DJ @ku
omg this is funny
Meanwhile: o u
what is this madness
Jageman: lasers and evil robots :D but he went to space and destroyed a satellite already :D
i found waldo!
Meanwhile shut up >:c
I never understood dance in this form.
techno is so boring without a base drop...
AJIsAwesome, not necessary, but acceptable
...DERPY? :D
MadSurge: dam, he sure does get around.
those dance skills
00,10so much uuntz
that voice sounded like Ruby Rhod
Jack is so legit
:X
proo
Aww buffer.
XD
That's how I dance
Kandarihu: I know, just making a joke about the whole pacifier thing.
again, we never know Jacks name, that is crazy
Anyways dem moves.
kung fu classes with jack
pony_8845: NO.
Heh. He doesn't know how to dance, so he's just doing his forms
Bronysith: just his nickname :)
Ok this is nice.
Kandarihu: as much dancing as anything
Except that Jack seems to be the only one here who has one
WHEN WILL IT END
DX
where can i download the music playing o wo
23 hours later...
soo this is techno or electronic ?
someone should swap this music out with dubstep
This stuff is about the atmosphere and the music
floof \:3/
im back
hai hai hai
ohai, Derpy_Hooves. :)
not the BASS DROP damnit
Still not my kind of music :/
herro
this is a rather depressing picture to me
no dont swap it with dubstep
hi, Derpy_Hooves
cowvarkian, stuntpeople seem to have that attitude about fight choreography.
Hi CyberTheDjPony!
ah the 80's so glad their gone
DJ AKU IN DA HOOOOOUUUUUUSE
holy crap that one kid had knockers the size of vw's
hello
That was amazing.
NOOo! :D
DJ Starbator.
00,10kinda funny
aaaaoooo
Aooooo
00,10aku could not controll the kids so he went for the teens
So is so bad its good
Akuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuustic sound
*suck*
Eh, Vinyl Scratch would kick his ass
unts unts unts unts unts
they got their fix
MadSurge: sup
otakon: of course
waah
those eyes
lol I can see a dub fight between her and him now
Lol.
sonic drugs the way of the future
BLEND IN!
my ears are getting raped D:<
otakon, dub fight?
chairmen21: that's actually been suggested
THEY ARE HIGH ON COCAINE!
CrystalPhoenix: dub fight
otakon, dub fight?
maybe if Vinyl Scratch didn't stick to just one style
Stick out like a sore thumb much.
OH SHIT
you know for kids
she would be better
I'm pretty sure Vinyl's more than cpaable of Dubstep.
it got real
AKUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
*capable
THIS IS THE FUTURE, why the vinyl records?
uh oh
5@mura1 j@k
Jack sucks his pacifier with authority
Maybe some Drum N' Bass, or French House?
Jageman: bc awesome
Holy crap
Jageman: cause they can survive anything
Jageman: nothing beats live sampling
BEATZ IN HIS F@CE
Heck, how about rave?
Jageman: seriously, thats why there is so much oldies music in fallout games
Jack Attack?
AJIsAwesome: I love all those things
This is such a intresting final episode.
and Eurobeats
brb all
00,10way to save them jack
Jageman: im not sure but i think i remember hearing something about vinyl records having better sound
00,10toss them off a 10 story tower
Sumica, I was thinkign the same thing
08,01http://i.imgur.com/unEuZ.jpg
Ah they'll be fine.
I wish people wouldn't just see Vinyl as just a dubstep player/DJ.
Bronysith: i though that was because of the copyrights ran out.
Wonder woman
AJIsAwesome, I love you
SHIT
You cant stop the music, maaaaaaan
Jageman: no, the vinyl records seem to survive radiation or something
AJIsAwesome: same here
jagerman: there is more real sond on a record from the 60's than an mp3 file
TOOOTH LAZERS
Bronysith: vinyl is more sensitive to the environment then plastic
SHITFUCK
What was this based on, 90's parties?
hey everypony :) just got back from Thanksgiving dinner
...His..tooth. Hm.
part owl
08,01cowvarkian: it is
HE HAS PRIDE
the shirts of time for kirk ass kicking
i thought so
05MUSIC MAKER MAD
08,01also, here, have a baby skunk: http://www.thatcutesite.com/uploads/2011/04/tiny_cute_baby_skunk-600x480.jpg
05MAN'
so kids keep going back to the store to buy more crap for it that depleates eventually and they have to buy more.
B(
Zacklego: yes
Music maker man, your beats are bad.
Not bad good! bad bad!
Welcome back, Sketch_Toku_Brony. :)
whatevaaaa
BAD BAD
whateva~
Beats are bad!
wb Sketch_Toku_Brony :)
BAD BAD
They gun throw DOOOOWWWN
then kids will have freak outs at the store for fear of their toy dying and force their parents to buy them more crap.
DANCVE OFF
05not amused
so the beats are worse than mine http://www.beatlab.com/matrices/239359
Bald!
someones angery
d'awww
lol put a shirt on Jack and give him cole's amp and he kinda looks like cole :D
00,10I get that way when my headphoese break too
but behind those eyes of cuteness lay ovar nien thousand deaths and murders and also he will bute your balls off
Sketch_Toku_Brony: :D
*bite
08,01so i'm outta ideas
08,01what should i do?
hey kane
AW SNAP
does someone have a gun SHOT HIM AND HE WILL BE DEAD
Sketch_Toku_Brony: :D
yoo wassup
This is such a intresting final episode.
how much have i missed
Dat crowdsurf.
00,10it's not the final ep
o___o
00,10it's the last ep wrek is showing
epic crowdsurf
oh
kane we're somewhere inth the middle of the episode
Megazord?
cheap
aaaaw shiiiit
mother effin transformer
giant mech from sound machines?
00,10form wubacon
dafuq
Tansformeeeeeeeeers
equipment made in china
....Wow.
oh damn
Now that, is pretty slick.
alright cool cool
wtf
DUBSTEP
tengen toppa gurren lagann
needs a base cannon
bass*
That looks like a waste of good sound equipmint
/me smacks alexxm
Gah
TechMusic. Robots In the Beat
what for Bronysith
alexxm: TTGL is size of 1% of the universe,
Dubstep is overrated I like some of it, but jeez its not all there is
00,10hair un done
He looks like tarzan.
equips a suit made of electronic music equipment... thinks its a good idea to jump into a pile of mud
since when to metal swords float?
00,10this is a tough boss
Bronysith ok ok closest i could think of
wet mane Jack
its magic
Bronysith: No. :D
genius
Jageman, maybe the handle is bouyant
Still hawt.
...do we have a jack pony?
HAX!
Just no. :D
00,10but he still has pants
jack pony is needed
how dose he control that
jacks pissed off now
Dark__Horst: Samurai Applejack :D
Kandarihu: then it would float blade down
00,10there already is a jack pony
kane i hear they plan on doing a samurai jack movie
go jack!
00,10apple jack that is
OH SHIT
^
ba dum tch!
im sure there are tons of jack pony pics
I know! Its a great idea.
Jageman, good point
lol dat Bass Cannon Zord :D
how does a katana float?
kabooom!! :D
ded
...And that's the day the music died, maaaaaaaaan
katana is magic
i hope he had insureance
twilight_sprinkle: we have an Aku aliorn
00,10poshi, magic *snort snort*
poshi: How do magnets work?
Dark__Horst: http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/366/997/3b4.jpg
I want music that makes my eyes glow
MadSurge: hah nice
CrystalPhoenix: ha nice@@
you can have higher margins than crack.
it's a magic sword, do we really have to questions int's floating capabilities?
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-samurai-applejack.jpg
Back to normal
Jageman: thats the ecstasy
Bugger.
J_E_Smith71: well, that's a nice start
hear that? dont dance to that stuff,so says jack
Can I get a quick bit of mod assistance?
Bronysith: oh
awwwww
:(
um. with science.
Father?
daw
I thought that was a gray frog doing a wub face.
So much crying. ;^;
:D
Damn he's got some tears reserves
so jack doesn't like raves
lol dat crying
loool
watchout
tears of joy
STRANGER
alexxm: not EVIL raves
Thanks for the stream, Wrek. :)
YOU
JUST
J_E_Smith71: saw that one already
GOT
where u going?
JACKED!
alexxm, it never existed before Aku's rule, why should he?
dat pic :o
thanks for the stream Wrek :)
Thanks for the small Jack-a-thon Wrek
is there a pony crossover that does not exist?
and so the evil of techno wash banished forever
thanx wrek
Is there any newsletter-manager-person online just now?
GO Wrek! thanks man
Thanks for streaming Wreky <3
Jageman, no there isn't
soooo http://derpy.me/cdUMH
05guise
thx wrek
my chat crashed
05i only said end of jack
i heard that if hotel transylvania does well a samurai jack movie will be made kane?
wat
nyeh
05jeez
Ohhhhhh.
seems like wrek is the most loved of the moderators?
Ohhhhhh.
Anyone? Anyone at all? :P
TrixieTheMagnificent: HAHAHAHH
...][[OPJFISFSD
YES
Ohh....
YEEEESSSSSSHHh
Soon you'll be richer than Bill Gates
HAKU IS HERE
****GGGGAAAASP
[19:35] <Jageman> is there a pony crossover that does not exist? [19:36] Jageman, no there isn't
I LOVE THIS EPISODE
BOW DOWN
Now for somethin different
CyberTheDjPony: artists are always most loved
Yay Corage
YEEEAAAAAAHHHHHH!
oh :D
WHAT HUH?
courage
oh i remember this episode :D
/me hugs a Wrek ^_^
YAR
ah Courage
Hell yes :D
Kandarihu: Thanks.
yay!
YES
woo seems to be epic cartoon time
What's this?
is that you?
corage is such a good show!
wow, Courage!!
FAHK YEAH
courage~
Lasharus: What do you need about the newsletter? Did you get one yet?
if bill gates kid's bought my toys they could use daddy's money to buy more stuff for them
COURAGE
nyeh?
and id slowly make them go broke.
wooop wooop! COURAGE
lol i hope someone make a Courage/MLP crossover :D
OH FLUTTERSHY THE COWERDLY PONY
COURAGE THE COWARDLY DOG!!
Has the news talked about bronies lately?
lol
My stream sint working, we watching courage the cowardly dog?
That bird is ugly as fuck.
Gorgeous bird.
J_E_Smith71: I got it, and accidentally clicked the 'no more surveys please' link.
Sketch_Toku_Brony: inb4 it's already happened. :D
sexy buuurd
Sketch_Toku_Brony: i think there is is one
that's a great idea
:D
lovely plumage
thats a damn ugly bird
I'd like to keep getting surveys, however.
DUUUHUHUHUHUHUHLL
Nyeh
dat birds hawt!
no its sexy!
thelonepony: really? oh :$
Ugly bird.
:D
well see ya later guys?
Metroid
he won't know what hit him
Sketch_Toku_Brony: not sure, just a hunch :D
Rarity would hate it
dam tv!
dont listen to them bird,wurk it guuuurl
IDIOT TV! TALK NORMAL
Bye, CyberTheDjPony. :)
So yeah, I probably need a mod to cancel that misclick. :P
If there's any available, just now.
Wrek: You know how to deal with newsletter issues to help Lasharus to get the surveys again?
Awww.
:D
bye CyberTheDjPony
XD
cya
DED
already dead?
Wonderful bird, Eh? Lovely plumage
oh he ded
Just check the FAQ
OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
^^
The FAQ explains how to sign up again.
dead... what a great life ended short
Welp.
Oh look, sexi viking ladies.
I see what you did there String
Go ho.
Gah, I JUST realized that I forgot to complete the survey! :D
(or at least, the 'no more surveys please' link)
quality could be better
LadyCanary: Big women, love 'em :D
K.
AJIsAwesome: See if its still active quick
Do I ramble at you for it?
omg its the sexy goose god
Old CN logo.
J_E_Smith71: I did.
MadSurge: Nothing wrong with that.
found it :3
It's too late. IIRC.
oh god i forgot that duck god married that truck 0_o :D
haha yeah xD
Oh, never mind.
AJIsAwesome: whats to late?
he liked murial but fell for the truck and married it
That's G3 thelonepony
Dat Honey Stirring weapon
Found that one out through the FAQ. Thanks for the quick assist, Sumica. :)
kane movie nights tormorow
Randomnerd: of course there isn't! :)
thelonepony: Survey for BMN.
hey hes just like that Vulture from Looney Tunes
Pika-Picho: its now :I
Man, I wanna see the Tick now.
awsome
not*
And thanks for the quick help J_E_Smith71
00,10check the home page on tuesday Lasharus should be able to get a token for it
uh?
dat pony Courage :D now we need the facial expressions Courage does be done by Fluttershy :D
Cheers, and will do.
ded count=2
whats the movie tomorow?
Why is he not dead?
And on that enigmatic note, I think I should be off to bed.
not the soup!
Early start tomorrow.
G'night :)
live long and perspire
God i missed this show
Night Lasharus
Sketch_Toku_Brony: i'll look for it :D
snaps! love
night
Bronysith: >.>
mah left fist says love, mah right fist says tolerance
kane it's who framed roger rabbit and hulk vs i forget the episodes
00,10was't that the name of a band in GTA
00,10Lovefist
J_E_Smith71: :D YES /)
it was XD
klkl
My new desktop picture http://images4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120811193360/mlp/images/1/12/Map_of_Equestria_online_version_2012-08.jpg
is this all based on a play?
SCOOTALOOO J e smith
Muriel is the most oblivious old lady in the history of the planet.
J_E_Smith71: :D /)
this episode and What's up Opera?
yo alex i gotta shoot off talk to you tomorow
LOL I just noticed Scootaloo in the background of that pic
Damn trolls.
attack the trolls
The internet trolls!
HEY WE AINT TAHT BAD!
The hater TROLLS :D
fools! never attack a troll!
Damn Trolls , The gay noob hater trolls
Fight the trolls with the ban hammers of fate
U jelly
Charger: yes :D
bye kane
Thanks Sketch ;)
PROCEED UNTO THY BRETHEREN!
Sketch_Toku_Brony: http://derpibooru.org/36270
THAT DOG IS A SPAI
abuse!
thelonepony: dawww :3 so cute!
ikr :3
Well bugger.
thelonepony: d'aww :3
Meanwhile DONT FUCKIN SWEAR!
00,10there is only one way to deal with trolls
A spy! He wants to see our youtube comments before we post them!
00,10eat a sadwich
lol
Dat axe.
/me giggles.
defeating a sandwich only makes it tastier anyway
LOVE AND TOLLERATE
huge axe
Inb4 the actual valkyrie is in love with the troll king.
Or something.
Oh wow.
O3O
yep
oh gosh
I've never even seen this episode.
Forbidden love much
lol wut
sure
well, fuck
i thought valkries were viking grim reapers
spoiled it for me Q_Q
its raining flowers
My bad.
inb4 pic like this of Chrysalis and Discord :D
00,10then they were sentanced to death by snoosnoo
they all get married!
oh my
hah its okay,i sensed it coming as well it just felt obvious e.e
alexxm: didn't the vikings have tons of reaper wannabees?
Alchemist: they decide which soldiers die in a batttle and which dont
Sumica :O...:$ :) :O lol futurama
do do do do do do
romeo and juliet, in troll and valkyrie form
valkyrie comes from old norse and means as much as "choser of the slain"
Courage is a minister. Apparently.
Jageman well from what i read valkires were the grim reapers for those who died in battle
okay back
Wub
friggin flash crash
the only troll who ever found love
lol
alexxm: isn't history facinating?
Courage is a dog of many talents.
that should be a movie
Winter > Summer
alexxm: *
tolling never ends like this
The only troll to join the herd :) lol
rar rar rar rar!
/me ...
evil pingstealers, everywhere
dat hot bird
damn that bird
what did you say Dark__Horst
I'm happy I fund an official map of equestria! :D
oh damn this one
YES
THIS ONE
:D oh god that GOOSE
SuperBrony64: licks
Honk honk
what I imagined Courage saying just then: "And God bless us everyone!"
dragon ball z?
ew dbz
05sorry for audio qualtiy btw
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mdoaxa4snS1qdlh1io1_400.gif
twilight_sprinkle: you mean YAY! Dbz
no.
its cool Wrek :)
they decide which soldiers die in a batttle and which dont. they decide which soldiers die in a batttle and which dont. that alexxm
sounds fine to me :l
oh whoops
i fucked up
again
Dark__Horst ah thanks well i was close
Puff and fluff and stuff.
00,10Yay steam came through for me
yay~ :D
how so Sumica ?
This goose god must be very lonely
so the duck....wants muriel?
lol duck god likes em old
huh....
Awesome just found 2 $ on the bus
beethoven 40 is it? i should know this..
00,10I cant use my old email account any more
duck... you high
Zeus Goose has a thing for old ladies...
00,10so I conteacted steam to change my email to a new account
real fat
fat.. real fat
phat...
Bloody Goose Gods
hahaha
00,10and they did it no problem
otakon: ikr
bruce the goose
does he know she roasts goose?
one who must floss?
He could've just said that before.
ha. look up valkyrie on wikipedia and check what denmark put in a roadside park in copenhagen
Meh, I'll give it a shot.
i can imagine that turning him off at the end
lol inb4 Turkey Kratos seeks Goose God for revenge :D
thats good news and I just bought Audiosurf for $2.49 :)
....I think you're overexagerating, Courage.
00,10so long story short I did't lose all my games
Why does no one hear him talking?
courage i mean
i want to buy things, but i would buy everything...
at first I thought "wtf is wrong with here hand" but then I realized it was just a cloth haha
wow that has to be one of the only times courage talks?
nope
courage talks alot
courage talks every now and again
08,01so i think i just got high by accident
dat quack
alexxm: nah he talks quite often. no one is able to hear him though
he talks alot more in the second season and onward
....Wow.
08,01i was in a toilet, and some guy comes into the adjacent style
WREK, LEARN TO DO THAT.
08,01lights up some heroine
O_o
08,01characteristic sound
Oh shiiit.
flowers nooo~
WHAT THE FLUFF!
08,01suddenly, i start getting these waves of dizziness and euphoria
08,01all in all not bad
Jageman that would be worse
/me pukes. What an awful poem
did you read the bottle
^
damn it satun!
BURNED
08,01Jageman: its 1am at a train station in a bad city
05LadyCanary: sorry for haveing spoiled you then ;)
08,01so no
:D
Yeah that's pretty appropriate for that poetry.
that poem was awesome
ew
imma say it to my pet turtles
yeah
/me kisses Wrek >///<
nap time :P
08,01Jageman: aye, it was just momentary
wrek gets kissed and then stream pauses for a split seconed
wow
what kind of magic is dis
haha
thenkyu.
08,01but now i want to try it properly
I love her face
ride of the valkyries again
The goose was a bit sharp...
haha
and his frantic flailing :P
08,01might find a dealer and spend some money
08,01for science
nah
OH MAI
ponys and drugs don't mix
Its so hard to keep a straight face when she is smiling like that
I gotta sleep guys. See you all tomorrow! And have a wonderful evening/night LadyCanary ;)
MadSurge: later
08,01no, im only going to do it once
night MadSurge
yeah haha
bye MadSurge~ take care
Bye, MadSurge. :)
lol that celebrating
Night MadSurge :)
bye MadSurge
brb
08,01i want to try every drug once
D:
bye surge
05for weed n shit?
05sure
If you die can I have your computer?
05but stay off the ehavy shit
08,01Bronysith: nicotine is more addictive than heroin
can i have your socks
Seriously.
08,01and i didnt get addicted to that
Goose X Truck otp.
gtg cya guys
twilight_sprinkle: even weed? :I
Goose God x Truck
DBZ next?? aw yeah
tehlonpot pls :I
Honk.
08,01okay, i shant inject
oni_link: indeed
cya
Honk.
Why do people still smoke tabacco?
08,01but still, you have to try that kind bof shit once to see what the fuss is about, right?
Moo > Honk
why are we talking about methods of drug consumption?
Can you use music saved in an external source like a smartphone for Audiosurf?
Bronysith: Certain kinds of snuff (finely ground tobacco) are meant to be sniffed...
08,012012 SWAG
Some one told me herion was like an orgasim in the gut but im not sure...
you guys wanna move to no where..?
Ooga booga booga.
...
o dis one
RETURN THE SLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAB
*gasp
08,01Jageman: exactly! bio hacking!
RETURN THE SALB
I like this episode
this oneeeee
the creepy one
OR SUFFER MY CURSE
RETURN THE SLAB!
I'd only do chemicle drugs if I had a wee to live... I'd also take up smoking tobacco. And I would continue weed.
WHAT'S YER OFFER?!?
Return the slag!
08,01that's one of the appeals for me
Difficulttoobtainium
08,01Jageman: same reason we hack anything: for the lulz
^
My slab
This curse
return the slab
and then they were devoured
The shadow! Run Daniel!
by locusts
Let's overlook that part.
they need to move..xD
08,01lulz is the hcallenge, the fun, the gaining of knowlege, the adrenaline
i miss this cartoon.
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: It's time... for Dance
SolarGuardian: it was supposed to get a new season
Why do you put ice cubes in bongs? I had a friend that did it and he didn't tell me why he put ice cubes into the part that you breath into.
05being high is overated
^
Only an idiot looks at dangerous drugs and says "Yeah I'd try that once."
08,01Jageman: well, ilat least die while sticking to my principles
What
Anyone with Audiosurf know if you can use an external source for music??
would of been nice if there was a nother season.
08,01twilight_sprinkle: true
the garbage dynasty!
King Garbage of the Garbage Dynasty is best king.
waoh..i must be tired..i read that wrong
08,01Jageman: cheers man, im touched by your concern
So... is anyone here relatively new?
08,01curiosity is very powerful motivator for me
i kinda new xD,
me
Haruf fufufufuf.
...OH GOD.
lol
I think I just heard My Heart Will Go On xD
LadyCanary: you did
I will never drink beer or whine or whatever that stuff is really gross
hello everypony =D happy thx giving day
OMG COURAGE!
Hi cachi01|Blackcops2
Hi, cachi01|Blackcops2. :)
Corage is best Changeling
hey cachi01|Blackcops2 :)
>Get rich
Is LadyCanary new? I've not seen her own before a few days ago.
...
yummy marijuana
>Buy attic lightbulb.
Um....no.
courage the ultimate charades player
i dont think shes new o.o
lol
I've been here for a year.
oni_link: well at least it's just cannabis and alcohol
05personally
WHATS YER OFFER!?
ive seen her around for quit some time nao
05ratehr get shot than tryign drugs again
D:
TheRandomkid321: She's not here as much.
LadyCanary Oh, okay...
Heaven forbid Wreky.
Meanwhile: ir takes 40,000$ to turn on a lightbulb.....for 12 seconds
Wrek Where would you take the bullet?
Your ass will be visited by three ghosts. My foot, my other foot, and a ghost.
Wrek: what calliber
cowvarkian: Yeah, I've yet to dabble in the harder stuff although some friends of mine want to try hallucinogens and have me try some too
Acid and weed are the only "drugs" id ever try.
oni_link: what type of hallucinogens
05.306
I just wont do drugs. Ever.
ponies are the only drug i've tried
Wrek: where would you get shot
acid makes me placid ,oh look i can ryhm!
CCCP: weed is incredibly stupid
Jageman: I think he got the point/.
05knee
i should rap about birds now
zanbars baby
05but in all srsness
this show made no sense
oh, thats not that bad
05frontal love
weed is the only drug I'd ever use. And none of that chemiclally enhanched stuff either only 100% pure weed.
Hi everypony.
05lobe'
Really Wrek? The best place would be in the arm/
back and this episode :D
"frontal love" Pfft.
I practically exist on Chblis and Marlboros.\
Hello DinkyDoo
hai DinkyDoo
HI DinkyDoo
awwww come on
cowvarkian: maybe acid.
KING RAMSEES
Hello Dinky
oni_link: hmm
WHAT'S YER OFFA?
http://derpibooru.org/55217
08,01ive never been able to get high from pot
Hi DinkyDoo :)
TheRandomkid321: might i suggest trying it in a safe place? as in at your house, or a friends house, cause you will be incredibly uncomfortable otherwise
Bronysith it's overrated yeah, but its still safe and fun.
Hi Dinky Doo
Ive seen this episode before
THE MAN IN GAUZE!
THE MARICOS
08,01i think i smoked it wrong
CCCP: it isnt fun, at all
love this song xD
cowvarkian: or shrooms. o.o not both but at least one.
08,01or maybe it was faulty pot
tehlonpon dats creepy
...
guys! puberty is hard enough with ponys under my belt! i dont need to be hearing about drugs!
SANTA CLAUS!
cachi01|Blackcops2: sowwy ;3;
why are we talking about getting high up in here?
Even my dad's tried Marajuana.
who needs weed when you have sugar?
08,01it smelled like pot, certainly
all this drug talk
and did it smell of earth?
Dark__Horst: aww yeah or a bubbler
hows abouta million bugs
GUYS!
like wet earth
08,01getting hyper on caffeine and suugar is fun
08,01CCCP: joint
J_E_Smith71: and one being heroin
that'S why people invented engery drinks
I hate caffeine and sugar crashes
i never seen a drug before
theyre worse than hangovers, at least for me
08,01Jageman: makes me horny
when Muriel is nervous she cooks
>.>
nice throw
I'm never effected by sugar/caffiene.
08,01and happy
O_O
im to young for this
Why is this in chat again?
lmao you had to ask XD
08,01he did ask!
Jageman: I didn't ntoice you were here. Hi Jageman.
Sugar doesn't affect me much. All I do is talk more, which is funny because I don't talk much. I'm pretty much the Silent Bob of all of my friends, but skinnier and beardless. And blonde.
Or at least lemon kush
otakon: pg in the 80's?
08,01okay, lets reel thsi in a bit
How old PonyBean?
cowvarkian: no
hey no fair king ramses
String_Shredder: and when you do talk, its words of wisdom
ded
Cone.
LOL
05hmm
and crash
05abrupt end to that ep
no
05oh well
I have one of those cones
lol
05lets see
That pic is epic
so scary it crashed
did he just say "troll fags"
Wrek: ya got any... ANIMANIACS?
alsoim 10
dammit wrek, stop stealing my sleep!
im 19*
not 10 lol
superretroworld: Yep. Or a smartass comment about something somebody said.
AskPeachy: no he said RETURN THE SLAB
is there ereally a place in Equestria called Vanhoover?
Return the slag.
usual poniking plox
really*
08,01nice
return the laaaag~
Return the flab
CCCP: so sayeth the "official" map
Rerun the mag
pfff im way yonger PonyBean!
cowvarkian that pun is so bad it's good
:D
Return the hag~
i tried using that as a desktop, but my parents almost caught me
Ah, a good song <3
wait a minute CCCP you do drugs?
suddenly Gnarls Barkley
What's your offer!?
LIES
Hello Barkley.
/me bobs his head
epic music time.
return the hash
twilight_sprinkle uhhh
me?
good tunes
what so is this the song that playe through usteces head before he died?
CCCP: i am dissappoint.
Cee-Lo Green is actually pretty cool.
twilight_sprinkle :(
CCCP: drugs are so fucking stupid
Well Only a bit...
hes okay :I
String_Shredder: did i say something wrong?
what's this talk of drugs now?
I do like the fact he covered a Radiohead song
tobaco is wacko..if your a teen,so if your like 9 or 20
Pugs. Not drugs.
its totally cool
Deacon: where have you been for the past ten minutes
twilight_sprinkle please dont hate me..
PonyBean: *you're
cowvarkian eating delicious turkey
PonyBean: Im 20 o.o
CCCP: how old are you?
grammar police D:
revelation
Deacon: ah, ok
USSR
superretroworld: no
051 last thign
05then i really need tos leep :C
CCCP: i rarely hate people. but i am dissappoint no less
Bronysith uhh i dont feel comfortable telling
Apparently a really good thing to listen to when high on pot is Pink Floyd.
CCCP: which drugs
/me gives Wrek a blankie
brb
SHUT UP!
stop asking!
._. ok
CCCP: weed? :>
sorry
go awway
CCCP: proably cause you are under 13 and you know that you will get banned when you say you are 12
tehlonpot, not helping :I
maybe your crazy~
Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon is good high or not
I like listening to electro, rave, eurobeats and dubstep high on marijuana
08,01Jageman: alcohol makes me drunk
Bronysith im actually 16
TheRandomkid321: maybe thats why there more popular then other prog bands
08,01and coknfident
twilight_sprinkle: sorry ._.
08,01then pass out
OHAY!
thelonepony im sorry :s please forgive me
Johnny Bravo :3333
wat
johby!
Johny Bravo time
johny*
oh
omg Johnny Bravo <3
Most prettiest of pretty men ever.
another cartoon i miss!
twilight_sprinkle :( i dont do anything dangerous
lol Johnny Bravo?
really?
Never really got the appeal of Bravo.
CCCP: no, i'm sorry for asking ._.
agreed LadyCanary
what Meanwhile said
back
Now Johnny Bravo time
wow
00,10ah the furry ep
XD
the what now
wait what
cool Johnny Bravo :D
CCCP: i dont condone any drugs of the sort
Hey Big Mac
lol
OH MY GOD
Sumica: OH dear God...
Told you XD
lmao
o___o
under minimum wage
he sounds like nintendocaprisun
shut up Westly
he does?>
Should I play AC III or work on my Bronystate Fanfic?
Sumica: Wouldn't the ones where Johnny dates a werewolf chick and an antelope be more furry?
Wrek CAN I HUG YOU?! D:
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m4uoxnBK9Y1qd8gt3o1_r1_1280.jpg
lol $5 a day for possibly getting irreversible things done to you, seems legit
Has anyone noticed that MLP wasn't really in the Macy's Day parade?
for playing best cn show ever?
O3O
TheRandomkid321: Both?
ShadowofColosuss: Yep
OH MAI
furries
HA.
oh mai lawd
Really dissapointing
ShadowofColosuss: Sonic was though :I
twilight_sprinkle can you just please not be angry at me and judge all of my actions based on that?
this show must of taught ppl how to flirt
...whats w/ the furries?
I missed the foxgirl didnt I?
mega beaver?
yep
drats
oh i remember this ep :D
dat fox girl~
wait, i miss the parade? ;3;
08,01furries are lovely
foxgirl?
Does a place like this really exist? If so where? I wanna do this.
Oh mai
oni_link: what foxgirl?
God this is good
/me goes to the cornere ;3;
Beetch be crazy.
corner*
ARGH!
there was a fox girl on stream i think, not sure
00,10what would you call this? then?
suddenly Johnny Rabbit
lol
...Oh my o3o
oh gosh
otakon i thought he was a hamster
suddenly ineundoo
thelonepony: By several hourse yes
oni_link: ? really?
LadyCanary :3
hours
*ineundo
Hiya Derpy_Hooves
otakon: I think so , I wasnt watching at the time
suddenly Howard the Duck
J_E_Smith71: i just notice it ;3;
DAMMIT otakon you took my line
A hamster.
LadyCanary: ninjad
OH SWEET HEAVENS!
lol
QUACK
XD
i wish i was as smart as johnny
beautiful butterfly!
dat sneaking
stealth
PonyBean: i dont think hes smart, i think hes just good with women
e goes in anyways
*he
XD
<.<
lol was this a low key crack at furries?
lol
jazz hands~
oni_link: I'll say no
jazz hands
SMASH! SMASH!
jazz hands
And Johnny Bravo was a thinking reasoning human... when?
QUACK
otakon: why do the warner brothers, and sister, greet everyonjeh by ksising them?
.....
Bronysith: no idea
everyone is furries
What an idiot. xD
Furry heaven XD
Major_Puppy O_O
now the world is full of furries
welp that was odd
Police brutality
the color of mustard
Major_Puppy: :D now i wanna do that when i get AC3 :D
Where can I get these cartoons at?
no i'll have to conduct research
i like furries :3
I think
CCCP: ikr
Wrek: what was that previous episode called?
Hey I just remembered some old B-State members. Ninjazz and GilDash. What ever happened to them? Especially Ninjazz. he used to be on alot.
inb4go home, you're drunk
Wasn't ninjazz here earlier today?
TheRandomkid321: Ninjazz is here, but usually in the wee hours of the morning for me.
or am I making that up
yesterdee
yeah i miss them
since when do burps have high frequency sounds that shatter glass
carl~
TheRandomkid321: GilDash though, I haven't seen him/her in a while.
heh, little suzie
Jageman: how'd ya do that?
AJIsAwesome her I think.
Dark_Horst: no idea
Okay. Thanks for the clarification, TheRandomkid321. :)
ded
EY everypony happy thanksgiving!
Hi robotdragonX
Happy Thanksgiving, robotdragonX. :)
it moved so fast, it set the air on fire?
lali-ho robotdragonX
how've you been robotdragonX
what is with macy and hasbro?
that's what they thought nukes would do
played oblivion all day...
burn up aaaal the athmosphere
detonated them anyway
So today is old Cartoon Network Show marathon
ShadowofColosuss what about it?
we asa race have a deathwish :D
MLP wasnt in the parade
05watching all of these again
ShadowofColosuss: good game
LAWL
05i now realize how many references there are
?
ShadowofColosuss: Shadow Of The Colossus.
Wrek you seen the one that was based on run lola run?
noooo!
lolwut?
they make the sounds, lol
no
yes, why did you say good game
That feel when you want to check up something in an MLP episode but you end up watching the whole episode instead
o3o
and then he was sprung
im still looking for sheogorath's shrine.....
lol he's just standing there
CrystalPhoenix: That always happens to me
robotdragonX: in Skyrim?
oblivion
and then I fell in love with the pilot episode once more
robotdragonX: hmmm odd look it up on the Elder Scrolls Wiki
NOOOOOOOOOOO
k
OOOO
nooooooo
Best Story Ever.
wouldve been funny if it buffered for like 5 minute there :D
DUN DUN DUUUUN
GASP
4TH WALL!
Funky~
Groovy!
well its time for me to have my feast with my folks :I
Bye, oni_link. :)
bye oni_link
Happy Thanksgiving everyone and thanks for streaming Wrek
allo oni_link
>Johnny
>Superior intelligence.
WUT
heh
Hi, I'm Ben Stein, and I'm now an alien.
Thats not how teleports work
O_O
0_o
YIKES
00,10black&decker pecker wrecker
String_Shredder: am im timothy bishop, with style
You seriously need a reality check if you think Johnny is the superior intelligence.
>alien breeding program
>KIDS SHOW
im sitting here in my dads room watching "ghost rider"
Johnny, keep it in your pants please.
...HAHAHA
who says it's a kid's show?
Who Wants To Be a Millionare. Hah
mommy otakon , where do alien babies come from?
<.<
...Oh my god IT SOUNDS LIKE REGIS FILBIN
00,10you do know JB was often the last show on CN before it went to adult swim
._.
Chest buster :D
Two Trek references already... quatloos and fizzbin.
Dang Rebulons
Aliens ref
and Trek ref
twilight_sprinkle: Well, when a mommy and daddy love each other much.....they go to Sears and buy the kit and follow the instructions.
dem quatloos
Well technically Johnny YOU are the alien freak
ive been playing aliens vs predator recently
xenomorph campaign can be beaten in just an HOUR
Ouch
Oops
LOL
cleve
*clever
suddenly star wars
AJIsAwesome: dat calvin and hobbes
I dont think that's Ben Stein.
This is alot like that jimmy neutron special, where jimmy and his friends were aducted by aliens and if they lose or quit, they get their home planet, Earth, destroyed.
You know
Johnny is actually pretty noble at times
welp gonna go afk for a bit
Johnny has no thoughts
Lawl
:D
Fail!
He's got nothing to absorb... I saw that coming from a mile away.
:D
He has done this before?
*sees rainbow dash caramelldansen on equestria daily* D'AWWWWWww......
Its that really a surprise
so.... arranged version of wizards in winter?
05thanks for watchign today all!
i just saw these guys last night
Thanks Wrek
05i had fun and i hope you guys did too
Great
Thanks Wrek
thanks
Goodnight Wrek
It was fun!
Bye, Wrek!
bye Wrek
are we listening to the radio now?
night Wrek
Have a good sleep
bye Wreck
dili deli shilly shelly
thanks wreck :)
Thank you Wrek <33
G'night Wrek
Night Wrek
are we listening to the radio now?
:( darn it
No
Anyone know what song that is?
kinda an arranged version of wizards in wintet
*winter
Thanks :)
these guys put on a great show
Thanks Wrek.
You here Rose`?
Night, Wrek. :)
I like this song
"remember, dont try this at home, go to a FRIENDS house!"
........*cough*
hehe
im going to go, later all.
seeya Jageman
Hi Jageman
bye Jageman
bai Jageman
Bye, Jageman. :)
haha. johnny bravo episode 4 : Date with an AntelopeA lonely Johnny Bravo decides to try internet dating, only to be set up with an antelope.
Bye Jagerman
bye Jageman
Ponies are cute :S
you dont say?
but they are REALLY cute
I think I'm gonna head off too. Later guys
oh and: FINNALYY I CAN SLEEP! WHOOOOO!
And yes, ponies are cute
Bye, Charger. :)
seeya Charger
Bye
bye char-
CCCP: http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-VtJuqE2bXGg/T_BrAz-BDpI/AAAAAAAAAsg/Xf70EXbFQPE/s1600/captain-obvious.jpg
In a non-offensive, joking manner
Well thats it for me today. Night Bronystate.
:)
Night, Obsidian. :)
bye Obsidian
"great job captian obvious" "you to admiral a*shole"
DoctoDoctorWho lol
bye ob-
05i like this song
What's the name of this song?
whats everone's least favorite genre of music?
Ah, Bloodbound ^_^
thanks :D
CCCP: rap
see ya later guys.probaly be back tonight if i get bored :)
Rap/Hip-hop.
bye conami
Bye, conami. :)
05All genres have their own cesspool of shit
bye conami
if i had to pick it will rap though i'll listen to just about anything.
ba
i need a pic of rarity family anypony have one
=____=
spitfirecolt Google.
spitfirecolt: The entire family?
Lern 2 use
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mclfht2CpO1qb5gkjo1_500.png
robotdragonX: Dont you mean Gunners mate first class phillip a*shole?
yes
DoctoDoctorWho lol spaceballs
spitfirecolt: http://derpy.me/XlZS6
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mclfht2CpO1qb5gkjo2_500.png
i think thats the full family
Or perhaps his cousin, Major a*shole
headachin erryday~
spitfirecolt: http://images.wikia.com/mlp/images/1/14/Rarity-SB_Parents.png
this kid is priceless :D http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q2k2xyj9W8I
ty i see the resemblence i think sweetiebell needs a baby brother
i lold
spitfirecolt: Whole family: http://images.wikia.com/mlp/images/4/4d/S2E05_Rarity%2C_Sweetie_Belle_and_their_parents.png
J_E_Smith71: lol at first i thought Rarity's mom's back half was white :D till i saw the pants
was the parents name ever said
There's something fundamentalli wrong about a pony in Capri pants.
I don't think so.
So . . . their dads an earth pony?
DoctoDoctorWho GENETICS!
11,02Looking online for Black Friday video game deals...any good ones?
Kencolt a pony in any kinda pants are wrong *remembers ask molestia playing tennis* 0_o :D
they need a name looks like the father has something to do with football
SuperBrony64: Steam, Amazon
SuperBrony64: no, just wait for a few weeks
POny Genetics are... iffish.
brb guys cleaning the kitchen
what do y'all think of this http://www.beatlab.com/matrices/239384
spitfirecolt: Rarity's father is named Magnum according to the game
Well seeing as the genetic mary sue's the cake twins are, Its not all that impressive
hi AskPeachy
the official one
test
11,02cowvarkian: Why a few weeks?
CCCP: Hai I have been here for a while :$
J_E_Smith71: Shhhh! The fanfictioners are everywhere!
Lies DoctoDoctorWho
chat derped
All of dem are lies.
oh cool my school friend found my DA!
i want borderlands 2 but looking to get it when its 30 bucks
DashWithRainbows: I should know, Im one of them.
11,02I was thinking of getting Skylanders Giants for $55 at GameStop on the Wii U... otakon reccomended it to me.
SuperBrony64: I was going to show you Gamestop's deals but their site is too busy
Muahahahaha
Ew, DoctoDoctorWho
SuperBrony64: :D
U like fanfiction.
SuperBrony64, but you'll get ripped off
Too bad I do as well.
11,02CrystalPhoenix: How? D:
since you have to buy characters
11,02I already have all the characters :3
11,02Well...most of the them
11,02them*
As if buying Skylanders isn't basically being ripped off anyway.
DashWithRainbows: I dont do clopfics, at all.
urgh....I just hate the whole scheme behind skylander
and Spyro is ugly as fuck in the game
11,02They also have the Kinect sensor used w/ Kinect Adventures for $39.99
Don't get it.
It's literally a waste of money.
11,02Even at that price?
DoctoDoctorWho: Howevah! I do enjoy me a good crossover
Have you seen how buggy the Kinect is?
anyone else try out the wii u controller?
lol Kinect
Epic tab fail
something about it isnt right
11,02poshi: I have it and I like it :)
:(
aj is right the kinect sucks
DoctoDoctorWho Y'all talkin' to yerself, might want ta get yer noggin' check out.
it doesnt feel right in my hands
to flat imo
/me facehooves through his own skull
checked*
SuperBrony64, you want Kinect?
Look at this http://youtu.be/KWbLOFGSEDo
have you held the google tv controller SuperBrony64
11,02CrystalPhoenix: Not really...but at $40, I figure I would give it a try
11,02poshi: No :/
ah i wish it felt more like that
SuperBrony64, look at the video
seriously
05guys
05guys
05guys
05next time i draw
05remind me to drwa crystal twi
05that is all
05gnite
Night. :)
night Wrek
Is anyone else having streaming problems
the way my hands hold it it takes away quite a lot of rotation ability from my thumbs
spam?
but Crystal Rarity is better
^
how often do you use the xbox U controller they give you
:D
Oh great, here we go again.
CrystalPhoenix: but things are better when there rar-ity
nite wrek
11,02CrystalPhoenix: Wow
superretroworld, aaaaaaaaw
Ill never get my sphess mehreen dashie.
Hey YO wuts up everypony:)
11,02But that's only one game
Hi scout19_tf2.
SuperBrony64, yeah while the whole premise is decent
the games for it are horrible
soo what about Fighting Is Magic?
CCCP is it out?
Don't think it is.
nope, not out yet, but soon......
CCCP: I want it :$ need it :[
ummm wuts fighting is magic
CrystalPhoenix no
Patience, my friends. Patience.....
AskPeachy heh dat reference
then SHAD AAAAP
AskPeachy could always try the leaked version
11,02At $40, I can return it if I don't like it
Deacon: NO :|
Ka
11,02But I am going to get Skylanders Giants at $55
me
hi
ha
yo Themius
me
can somepony please tell me wut fighting is magic is:[
HAAAAAAAA!!!!
when is Fighting is magic suppose to come out
no date
SuperBrony64: Do what you want to do, SB. If you want to spend your money on something that you like, go ahead.
scout19_tf2 fan game, ponies duke it out, etc.
meh Im bored
oh
you know what I want to play?
There hasn't been a release date for Fighting Is Magic as of now.
PONYKART
ponyfide streetfighter
Btw thanks thelonepony for keeping a lookout :)
would've loved it if the team used mugen, but oh well
no ponyfide gta
11,02Fighting is Magic is available starting midnight tonight...some places earlier at 8 PM.
scout19_tf2, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2uYnBcwd4Os
>.>
then again, there isn't an online function, elecbyte or someobdy should woirk on it one day
scout19_tf2: the game is a mlp game created by a group called Mane6 and they are pretty upset no...dissapointed in those who play the leaked version
/me whimpers some
AskPeachy, lol what
oh
AskPeachy: they forgive the person who leaked it
Why are you whimpering, aniderp?
no they're not
i have no leaked version i will wait till release
well i was napping and creepy dream or something ;_;
CrystalPhoenix: exactly
heck one guy of the staff played online with those playing in the leak
leaked version's not as tuned anyways
I am still waiting for Shadowrun Returns and Shadowrun Online, looks promising :)
CrystalPhoenix: really? thats news to me
debug keys are still functional
Deacon: NO!!!!!!!!!!!! :[ leaked version can DIE :|
Jeez
Louise?
and beside the current version they are now completely outdated the leak
AskPeachy no worries, the leaked build will be inferior to 1.0 soon anyways
AJIsAwesome: the lab rat
so it's like an entirely new game
:| okay
with AJ being broken
sup guys :)
yo RDash5000
RDash5000: hai
I thought Fluttershy was the one broken.
Deacon, it's already inferior
Hi RDash5000 :)
The insta-kill stare, right?
AJIsAwesome: naw shes op
AJIsAwesome, Fluttershy is unplayable in the leak
I hope 1.0 is shaping up
Ah.
twily looks op
AJ has a spammable move and links infinitely
how are things RDash5000
AJIsAwesome: they havent made RD yet but they are still creating her
things are great
Hi, RDash5000. :)
how was everyone's thanksgiving?
11,02RDash5000: Cool :D
It was good, how about you? :)
really wish they would've let us have some ascess to the sprites, really wanted to make some stages in mugen
RDash5000, non-existant
i hurt
RDash5000 short but sweet
RDash5000: meh :| had turkey and ham thats it :|
AskPeachy: that's all i need :D
The heck is Thanksgiving?
RDash5000: still stuffing myself atm :D
DashWithRainbows: where do you lie?
to thank their egotistic self
Gawd dayum 'muricans.
Canadian have that too
Ah wish I had stuffing and pie
RDash5000 In my bed or on the floor.
IN OCTOBER
and
CrystalPhoenix: for slaughtering the natives
MUFFINS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!111111
those accidental ones
or were they :|
cowvarkian manifest destiny!
Deacon: we didn't have that yet
RDash5000, exactly
for me it's just a day like any other
Hi Deacon
lali-ho CCCP
it's just a day like any other
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vLMhHTpCxuE&feature=fvwrel
welp, can't wait to get my TV tonight, it's on sale for $148
Oh yeah, black friday
family
^
^^
CrystalPhoenix Commercialism
canterlot
You guys cheated
D:
How?
CrystalPhoenix: Anglo-Saxon
there's no way that there's nobody in here that has been brainwashed by the government
there has to be one person
>_> <_<
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
it cud be anyone of us
:P
CCCP: too religous?
CCCP have something against pagans?
Finally finished the Ultramarines movie.
DoctoDoctorWho: How was it?
thelonepony yes Deacon yes
CCCP: :'(
hello everypony!
i'm back
scout19_tf2 umm what? :S
HI, Dark92Enigma. :)
for a few hours
ello Dark92Enigma
i have seen that movie doctor
Hi Dark92Enigma
Hi Dark92Enigma :)
sup Dark92Enigma
CCCP: hi, what happened?
And yes, It really was as bad as they say.
was up Dark92Enigma
Did anyone know that Charlie's Angels had an actual game?
really ?! :O
scout19_tf2 oh :$ thats good :)
they did was it bad
AJIsAwesome the ladder scene...oh god the ladder scene.....
Deacon: :D
AJIsAwesome: wait what>
?*
Just look it up. You'll see. :D
i'm sitting here wondering why the video isn't playing, only to learn
it's not friday
hi scout19_tf2, i see you've been crying over something CCCP just said
INTO THE INTERNET!!!
To the INTERNET!!!!!~
/me nanananananananana BATMAN
Its nice to dinally have some visual footage of my all time favorite sci-fi, but it just sucked in general.
finally*
What did you make of it Brother spitfirecolt?
people
hey
Yes, aniderp/
*?
guess who will probly get derpy plush fir chirstmas :D
aniderp: Nice! :)
AJIsAwesome: wow you're right :D
Dark92Enigma: its notin to worry about
aniderp: lucky ;3;
i thought it was alright want to play the game but way too expensive doctor
aniderp your little sister/cousin?
nu
me <3
By the way, i left when Wrek's stream crashed..........did it got fixed later?
i dont have a little sister
Oh god please tell me we arent getting into anoither religous arguement.
Yep, Dark92Enigma.
aniderp: you lucky colt!
the tf2 it calls me:$
Let's keep chat classy, please people.
im a lucky mare :>
AJIsAwesome: damm it, just when i had a chance to review the first three Samurai Jack episodes
scout19_tf2 i dont personally like it but I don't hate the people that do :)
aniderp: sorry :$
maybe some zelda stuffs also
aniderp: G.I.R.L. Guy In Real Life
if i did id hate a large population of the world :P
CCCP: oh wells dats nice not to judge /)
ATTENTION
scout19_tf2 *hugs* (\
F*ck this game
We really shouldnt judge each other based on people's opinions and characteristics. :S
^
spitfirecolt: I may play the game someday, I am aquiring muneez.
hey guys....
Yes/
yeah?
*.
AJIsAwesome: isn't that how we judge eachother?
CCCP: *hugs back*
is it wrong to have fun in Nintendo Land?
Nope.
naw
cause seriously
Hey thelonepony
I wuv that game
<3
Hi DoctoDoctorWho :)
cowvarkian: Ah, re-read my sentence. Sorry about that.
the hell is nintendo land
Let me rephrase.
i never seen a game cost so much u have to build a board buy the army books and scenery just to play
AJIsAwesome Dat's cool and all but you think AJ is awesome. I dislike that very much so I'm judging you on your opinions so I dislike you now.
:3
thelonepony: Thanks for keeping a lookout, :)
We really shouldnt judge each other. People have their opinions and characteristics.
you're welcome:)
DashWithRainbows: I love you too DWR.
but
I'm
AJIsAwesome: but anyway i left rating the series 10/10. With an animation style way ahead of it's time, charismatic and influential characters, and a thrilling mythology of it's own, Samurai Jack still holds up to this day
Ew, gay.
very disapointed in Paper Mario Sticker Stars
i was like im so tempted to put this in your cart(amazon) and she said go ahead :>
Hi DashWithRainbows! *hugs*
hi people
Ohai See-See-See-Pee.
hi DashWithRainbows!
And hey to you, Dark92Enigma.
Sorry for the misinterpretation, cowvarkian.
hi, im hunter
Hello, headhunter.
no opinion on my review..........i forgot the kickass soundtrack and intense battles
but seriously
Paper Mario Sticker Star is......very very different
wacha chatin aout?
Sticker Star.
It completely changed the formula of the game
CrystalPhoenix: no rpg element?
removing the charm in it
thelonepony, VERY VERY few RPG elements
There isn't really a reason to battle any enemies in the game, IMO.
no level up upgrades
that reminds me, I should get super paper mario sometine
no badge points
no FP points
thelonepony: You have finite attack uses and you run out your screwed
You collect stickers to use in battle, and they're gone once you use them.
yeah
Only thing that goes up is HP
You have no partners either
and that's an item
sticker star is that a console game
3dsa
You get coins in battle, but what do you use them on? More stickers.
3ds**
AJIsAwesome, and roulette
also
spitfirecolt: so how much 40k lore are you familiar with?
STAGES
bah sounds like a bad Paper Mario RPG
I'm back.
so stream is dead while I was gone?
yeah Stages
mmhmm
wb VenHur
I do like the visuals in the game, though. They're not bad.
it's not open world no more
it's stages
10 minutes till ABC's Micheal Jackson special
AJIsAwesome, the visuals are like the ones in TTYD
Speaking of which
CrystalPhoenix: Well Super Paper Mario was like that too
no story
Guys, just because you hates the newest Paper Mario game doesn't mean is bad in general!
CrystalPhoenix you sure this is a paoer mario game?
>.> are they going to raise him from the dead? J_E_Smith71
You'll get used to it like Luigi's Mansion!
Deacon, to be honest I really am not anymore
Didn't people say that the 3DS'graphics are comparable to the Gamecube?
happy thanksgiving everypony!
it says Paper Mario
which it's different with the new spongebob
but it's not
Happy Thanksgiving, haseo348. :)
not much never played it before right now i am playing malifaux doctordoctorwho
AJIsAwesome some people say
Used to be underrated, but thanks to Let's Plays, peoples opinions had changed.
AJIsAwesome: game cube graphics are pretty good
By the way: Happy Thanksgiving everypony!
happy thanksgiving haseo348!
:D
askstalkerloo is getting married
im eating right now :D
VenHur, It's an interesting concept but.....
happy thanksgiving Dark92Enigma
it's not Paper Mario
where's the story
gonna get ready for black friday also
where's the humour
where's the badges
it scares me
is there a story to it?
Deacon, barely
Derpy_Hooves: to how?
like you meet up with some shiny sticker crown and she joins you to collect some royal stickers
thelonepony irl
who* :P
Derpy_Hooves: cool
the levels has no backstory at all
unlike the previous games where each world had some interesting background
Nopony knows more lore than me~
maybe people don't like JRPG elements anymore....:(
:(
Tee hee hee, hee hee hee hee
dat ice king
but heh I've only beaten the first world so maybe the game will turn out interesting
Heh LOL moment on the Patriots vs Jets game. Guy missed the hand off and ran into his own lineman
maybe
DoctoDoctorWho: duh hell is wrong with you?
with me and my 1000 coins
right after the first world
Deacon: I do
.......gosh
Dovah: I dont know, mabey im on krak?
DoctoDoctorWho: oh ok, carry on then
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOlDewpCfZQ
but yeah really sad to see that there's no partners
especially when I thought we would have a chain chomp partner
lergmaflishpelgmaninerpfishdoloodlepkerloopydop
?
Oh god guys watch the Patriots vs Jets game on right now, so many fail moments.
CCCP I WAS SEARCHING FOR THAT VIDEO
CrystalPhoenix: that would've been awesome
CrystalPhoenix :3
I think the internets affecting me...
for those who want to buy Sonic Generations, Amazon has it for $7
Which version?
Steam
50% cheaper than the Steam Store
which is $14
but
Okay guys on ABC Micheal jackson documentary is starting
PC version is better
J_E_Smith71: what channel?
also when i got back home i watched Yogi bear
thelonepony: I said ABC
J_E_Smith71: i thou... nevermind
Zamer: >.>
I'm going to hope in that context it meant "fuck with" not "fuck"
Zamer pics or it didn't happen
let me see if i can find the episode online
hopefully i get the derpy <3
no stream?
*sigh* I forgot how tedious breeding for natures are...
no stream atm
Rex_Mundi: Nope you missed Wrek's Samurai Jack/CN marathon
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jruPdPAQbxU
J_E_Smith71, I'm not sure there are a lot of football fans here
how often are there streams?
they varie on the weekdays
when they feel like it
^
Rex_Mundi: lol dat game
ok
headhunter: Random during the weekdays
CCCP: love that game. most underrated game ever.
Rex_Mundi ikr?
damn Rex why you make me miss the Samurai Jack/CN marathon
headhunter: On Firday planned Movie Night stream at 7 PM EST, on Saturday at 10:30 AM new episode is shown, at 2 PM movie encore is shown.
Hi Guys :)
Whats going on?
CCCP: Would it be awesome if SEGA revived the series and made an Ecco #3?:O. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5Dcd-0-JVw
bah
Hi sonicdude558 :)
Skies of Arcadia is needed!
Rex_Mundi: YES! :D
Kandarihu: Neither am I, but I keep going in to the other room wher emy relatives are watching it becuase thyekeep laughing out loud because there were a couple of Fail moments going on
Rex_Mundi I would've liked to see ecco riding a vehilce in sega all stars racing
CCCP: Its really what the gaming industry neads, a hardcore gamers game like Ecco. There are too many Causual gamer games with wicked easy difficulty.
http://i.imgur.com/21pa2.png
Rex_Mundi: News flash, there WAS a third game. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ecco_the_Dolphin:_Defender_of_the_Future
Rex_Mundi heh I agree
VenHur: That doesnt count
Rex_Mundi, they will casualized Ecco
Rex_Mundi: It doesn't?
dat PonyChat
VenHur: Its not a sequile to Ecco 2, it has its own story, made by different people.
Deacon: Or at least see him in the background or something.
Rex_Mundi: True...the Ecco series along with Toejam and Earl and deffinetly Ristar and Alex Kidd was overshadowed by Sonic...
sonicdude558: i wish.......
sonicdude558: that would be the BEST INSTALL BUTTON ever
I had to take that screencap when I was installing my Persona
VenHur: Its like... SEGA wants to forget Ecco even existed for some reason. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kk72RMv9d0s
Good luck Deacon
there was no ponies in the parade
ikr
Ecco only got two games, a game made for the younger audience, and a "reboot".
it needed some HUB and HASBRO
why would sega want to forget ecco
bc it didn't sell
that's why
Skies of Arcadia FTW!
there was a problem with pikachu
Has Alex Kidd ever been in a game recently?
damn internet why do you fail me twice today
Someone HAS to sign up a petion to make SEGA the greenlight for a new Space Harrier, Alex Kidd II.
his ears deflated :\
Billy Hatcher 2...Ecco III.
sadly I cannot find the episode online that doesn't belong to Amazon or Itunes
A new Space Channel 5...a new Crazy Taxi...etc.
Zamer, episodes of?
the Yogi Bear episode i mentioned
ooooh
someone wanted the infamous proof lol
VenHur: A new comix zone, new earthworm jim. Damn, SEGA has a ton of things it can make games for, why doesnt SEGA do anything with these liscences!
I love Crazy Taxi, the first time I heard of it was not from the actual game itself, but a ripoff called "Simpsons Road Rage".
Comix Zone was hard as fuck...
Comix Zone was unique on its own
But Earthworm Jim 4?! Yes...YES!
it doesn't need a sequel
Comix Zone WAS hard
THAT WILL BE GROOVY!
goddammit it was hard
also, SHINING FORCE!
Comix Zone was hard because lol 1 life
I love Shinging Force
CrystalPhoenix: and no continues and few powerups
well sale wise all Sega games are Cheaper Amazon(Steam) than from Steam itself
I like Earthworm Jim 1 and 2...I hates 3-D...but 4 can make it up for it...
OK SEGA, bring back Ecco, Comix zone, Earthworm ji, etc...
We had an re-release of the game in HD...but that doesn't count!
gtg everypony see ya all tomorrow
And House of The Dead, damn it!
I know you can get Ecco and Ecco 2 on Nintendos virtual consol.
Shining...Freaking...FORCE!
Heard it was an RPG...
thing is though if you get a WiiU you apparently have to rebuy the VC games even if you transfer everything from your wii
and Shining Force FTW
Oh yes, and a new Phasaty Star!
A NEW. FREAKING. PHANTASY STAR.
ehh?
All these liscenses, what the hell is SEGA thinking? That a new sonic game, if good, can make up for all the bad?
Bye Dark-
yes
Who doesn't love Billy Hatcher? That one kid in the CHICKEN SUIT FROM THE GODS!
Why do so many people hate on Sonic Fans?
yes it can
I like sonic...
as long as it's classic sonic
because he's Sonic and if Sonic fails, then well
CCCP: It depends, there are many different kinds of sonic fans
chat derped
better call Mario
I mean, Billy is awesome...he rolls up eggs, hatchs up eggs, and defeat crows...
bah
SKIES OF ARCADIA!
Oh boy Sonic fandom
Rex_Mundi i guess, i just never understood the hate for the fans
VenHur that reminds me of that episode of Billy and Mandy
CCCP: There are the retro fans of the games. The fans of the new games. Sonic sat/am fans. Sonic X fans...
You haven't seen the Sonic fandom
There is only one true Sonic Fandom
Rex_Mundi well people seem to hate on the modern fans
and Thats the Sonic Underground fans
I don't like the modern games, and can't understand how people do
Zamer, you mean....that show with the instruments?
yes the one and only
/me used to watch that show
Rex_Mundi buts thats like 85% of all fans for everything
CCCP: Well, the fans always whine and moans when Sonic gets a bad game, they'll all like "SONIC'S A WEREWOLF, NOOOOOO!" and then they're like "SONIC HAS A SWORD, NOOOOOO!", and then they're like "SONIC GOT KISSED BY A HUMAN GIRL, EVEN IF THE EVENTS OF SONIC 06 WAS NON-EXISTAINT, NOOOOO!"
Rex_Mundi, you mean like Bronies?
don't forget they also rule 34 the shit out of the main characters as well
HUEHUEHUE
Sorry for the spam...
But you get the idea.
Zamer: but so do we
VenHur lol
Hey the Micheal Jackson thing is showing never before seen deleted scenes from Bad
hey Zamer Blaze is one hot chick
Zamer: and every other fandom ever
as far as i know since i don't go into the clopping section of our fandom include erotic rule 34 fics
tooooo muchhhh freeee time http://i48.tinypic.com/2s1qjuo.png
yeaaa
the 34 content of MLP is pretty large
Zamer: that doesn't mean it doesn't exist
never said it didnt
at this rate it could reach the same ammount as Touhou
CCCP: But haul thier asses, I like EVERY SINGLE SONIC GAMES KNOWN TO MAN...Yes, I loved Sonic 06 as a guilty pressure.
Zamer: meh
and i know we rule 34 the shit out of the cast of MLP
Wheres the episode
http://www.escapistmagazine.com/videos/view/loadingreadyrun/1877-The-Arms-Race
but i haven't heard of any clop fics with said rule 34
6_9
...Probally the only guy that loved Sonic 06 outside of the story...
:P
Zamer: yeah we do! <3
VenHur wow
Zamer, what do you mean?
Im talking to choclate milk
Sure it had its flaws...but the music's kicks ass.
there's alot of erotic fanfic
with rule 34 in it as well?
I think i'm seeing a patern here before Colours camed out...
what do you mean exactly by rule 34
oh wait
Zamer: Erotic fanfiction is written porn, thus R34
The games were bad...but the music are good...
i was thinking of Rule 63
Zamer, through bow and arrow
too much turkey got my internet rules confused
The whole gender thing?
Rule 63+clop fiction i meant
yea
I like ponies
Hey Guys! Brohoof! /]
Rex_Mundi I like people who don't like poh-knees.
:3
Zamer, one could find that easily
Ranma 1/2 = The birth of Rule 63.
oh God
yes
I thought it was Sumi's OC that started R63
sadly
Molestia has a Rule 63 gun
You know what always freaked me out though?
then gained renewed powers thanks to Haruhi Suzumiya
I love Sumicas OC pony
hey
So the next MLP episode is in 21 hours?
What if Ranma got drunk and knocked up? Seriously I cannot be the only one who thought of that weird ass scenario
...You know, I always want to make a Rule 64.
11,02Dat 64 ping
what was rule 64
^
RULE 64 = Favorite N64 game of all time.
otakon, oh the wonders of genderbending
11,02Glover
No expectations.
it's weird
Link = Best Rule 63
that's all there is to it
um
just sayin
Hi SuperBrony64! :)
11,02Hai :3
Link R63?
He's already an elf
gonna go for a bit
bye
http://derpy.me/EV5Lz
Hai SuperBrony64
he WEARS A SKIRT!
Hai SuperBrony64
R63 R63
best gender bender http://derpy.me/EV5Lz
Touche
I see what they did there
THERE!
Still waiting for WiiU update SuperBrony64?
I C IT!
WHAT THEY DID!
11,02DerpyMuffins: o u
oh SuperBrony64 Sonic Generations is onsale at Amazon for $7
So uhh, who started the rules of the internet conversation
11,02Really?
SuperBrony64, Sonic Generation is pretty cool
Oh yeah, and another franchise for the SEGA pettion, Golden Axe!
you should get it if you like Sawnic
Going back to SEGA... Toe jam and earl isnt a good game.... there, i said it.
AJfan77: when it get's to Hitler it's complete
11,02As a PC download?
it started with Yogi Bear than went to Sega, than went to Sonic Fandom,
and yes
Rex_Mundi: Blasphemy!
Steam code though
http://www.amazon.com/Sega-40836Generations1-Sonic-Generations-Download/dp/B005XOJ6NK/ref=sr_1_1_title_2?s=videogames&ie=UTF8&qid=1353637772&sr=1-1&keywords=sonic+generations
11,02Oh okies, I already have it >< But that's awesome though :D
11,02Everypony should get it o-o
NO
seriously for that price
I do not get Sonic
VenHur: Golden Axe already tried reimerging, the game sucked.
^
^^
Zamer I would reccomend using the site derpy.me to make links smaller
8,05Gak!!!!!!!!!
http://sphotos-b.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-prn1/s480x480/68000_417624428303989_898410022_n.jpg
>.>
:l
Ah, the Hitler jokes. Hitler can't catch a shiny pokemon, to Hitler yelling about another Bubsy game.
Damn it Dusk.
I was tempting to get Sonic Adventures 1&2 for like $5 but than i read about all the bugs in Sonic 1
hitler is best pokemon
/me luffs on a DashWithRainbows <3
Rex_Mundi: Yeah, but what about a re-reboot that does NOT suck? AND IN 16 bits?
Rory is best pokemon
Zamer, those bugs are the charm of the games
Hell, they brings 8 bit Megaman back.
Captain Falcon is best pokemon
AJfan77 lol
Speaking of SEGA, Rome 2 Total War is being made.
<.<
Crystal not when they weren't in the original and the steam version is a massive downgrade to the 2004 pc port
Captain Falcon is best F-Zero racer
You should know that I can't let others see me do /me things, MakerDusk.
I like how the only pokemon thing ive ever watched is that banned episode
which one
There's no other game that will let you go face to face against a STREET WIDE GIANT TRUCK http://youtu.be/hnUgeEGstDU
The Porygon episode?!
Only knows one move: Falco PAWNCH. Accuracy: 100 Attack power: Insta faint
But still, <3
Zamer the one with the flashing lights
CCCP: The FREAKING Porygon episode that gaved kids seizures?!
you should watch the Beach episode
James has boobs
and it wasn't Porygon's fault either
Pikachu was the one who blew up the rockets
CCCP: Dude, you got some balls of steel...
I love how team rocket Cross-dreses all the time for no reason.
CCCP: Watch out fellas, he's a bad ass!
and Everytime The brats fall for it
VenHur lol
Rex_Mundi, James had breast even
CrystalPhoenix: I know
inflatable breasts but breasts nonetheless
inflatable ones, that was even the joke
Zamer: Japan's weird as fuck, yo.
Did you know there is a fail rate for a Master Ball
A fail rate...for the fucking Master Ball?
hi everypony:)
...Psshnah!
AJfan77, I'm sorry for the sucker that missed with a master ball
1 in 67,000 chance
Reason for the Beach episode in the U.S. was because they feared it would promote gay lifestyles
Did you know Seth MacFarlane helped write Dexter's Laboratory?
'Tis a joke.
Zamer: lolwut
http://maxiburger.tumblr.com/post/36134940091/what-japan-thinks-of-mlp121-with-timestamps
The Family Guy guy? Oh, yeah, I heard of that.
he actually didn't miss, the Swalot used Swallow
yea
Rex_Mundi you made me think that was a new episode with timestamps
There are actually some King of the Hill episodes dubed in japanese on Niconico.
Welll imdb doesn't lie http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0532235/
Zamer: sorry
Spongebob in greek ive seen it
New Topic: Animaniacs on Hub December 24. Discuss
hi everypony:)
WHAT
I WANT HUB
So baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad
Hi TheArbiter264
Zamer: Ill get excited if they get Freekazoid
Zamer, is it that wishing star movie?
hi CCCP
Brohoof TheArbiter264 /]
no the series CrystalPhoenix
well shit
this makes me want the HUB so bad right now
how are things TheArbiter264
brohoof back at you
and so help me if they get Freakazoid I will return back to my child like self and squeel so hard
Sometimes it hurts to be canadian
Candle Jack
than hyperventilate and pass out because of overexcitement
good CCCP
/me hugs TheArbiter264
hugs CCCP
how long has Aww been on here
Did you guys notice in this scene, Applejacks bag just appears on her out of thin air. http://i.imgur.com/ouBPp.gif
o.O
Like an hour
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2NLrjVnMO7k
Rex_Mundi hehe
just played black jack CCCP
TheArbiter264 In real life? Or like on a computer?
CCCP: :)
in real life CCCP
lawl Zamer
Well today, I got an Rainbow Dash desk ornament! :)
TheArbiter264 with real money at stake?
Brushables > Blindbags
with chocolate coins CCCP:D
TheArbiter264 oh! haha
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IruH7ve9ZT0
Goodnight everyone! <3
fun fact: I have a private playlist with a bunch of Rarity's quote
Goodnight CCCP !
oh lord
night CCCP
/me hugs Rex_Mundiand otakon
night CCCP
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=endscreen&v=15-z_XwMrcM&NR=1
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_D7Ov0xKts&feature=share&list=PLfS16fY9fbxlWAmgNgJH6JiUFXC-BiWcP
CrystalPhoenix: Isnt rarity the best?
Rex_Mundi, of course
CCCP:i really did play black jack with fake money at our house
night guys
http://youtu.be/5N2uwfzY_6o
I bet 20 monopoly dollars that this conversation will change withen 20 minutes.
http://youtu.be/VS4LrRRcbCM
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IruH7ve9ZT0
good night alexxm
http://youtu.be/4pHtMAqnUbU
Brohoof alexxm /]
So how bout that airline food?
I WANT A SHOW CCCP:[
Rex_Mundi, what did you say?
Someone owes me 40 monopoly dollars.
merchandise. pony toys, shirts, etc
after that?
what?
after the ponymerc thing
what did you say?
I diddnt say anything after that
6_9
I see...
ask ponies for what now?
tell me
Rex_Mundi and CrystalPhoenix,is everything okay
I dont know!
I bucking need this shirt http://www.hottopic.com/hottopic/Deals/AllTeesBOGO50off//My+Little+Pony+Heroes+T-Shirt-320005.jsp
Where u get presents from Derpy Whooves.
I HAS SOMETHING IMPORTANT! aparently the hub is having a 4 hour marathon december 24 of animaniacs :D
I love how my mom is cool with her 22 yr old son liking ponies!
Tell me
Its called an awesome mom.
16 and BRONY /)
No. But partially it is.
PARTIALLY?
aaand no one pay attention to deathstar :(
i'm only 8
pays*
CrystalPhoenix: in my opinion, the extended family getting together is far more important to me than presents, im not a little kid anymore
zeh Arbiter
It's about Jesus's Birthday.
yr old
DeathStar: comforts
AskPeachy: why did no one pay attentions :'(
CrystalPhoenix: who isnt
Isn't the chatroom is ONLY FOR BRONIES 14 AND UP?
How many of the people here are 16 or under?
DeathStar: *shrugs*
I'm 16.
CrystalPhoenix: Yeah, I think/hope im getting Twilight and rarity brushables, then id have the mane6
i am
Rex_Mundi, go to wal-mart, they are about 10 dollars max
Brohoof DeathStar /]
CrystalPhoenix: I know, thats were we are getting them I think, thats were i bought the others. Im in a training program, so i dont have a lot of time or oppertunity to go to walmart
AJfan77: :D /)
it's about a reunion
having a good time with your folks
there are families that doesn't even have presents
there are starving dingos out there
and with ponies CrystalPhoenix
SANTA HIMSELF SAID THIS
lol Bronysith
Bronysith : what :'(
remember? dexters lab
Dexters lab, santa "the presents"
santa is real
all I love about it is the time you get to spend with your folks
thats what i said
:'(
It's whenever the theory if Santa's a myth or he really freaking does lives that long...huh.
AJfan77, you included Jesus
And thats what I celebrate in MY family.
i am watching the alf marathon
so yeah in short
on the hub
don't look forward to the presents, look forward to life
Its called traditions b**ch
I like the origans of cristmas ^_^ pegan rituals are interesting
DeathStar: ikr
4 shots and 7 beers ago
i was sober
yaaaay ^_^:)
now THAT is sickening
or yet worse
that is so right crystal some kids are spoiled
Im getting a Wii U Delux Edition along with Super Mario Bros. U and buying Pikmin 3 with my own money.
"Oh my gosh I hate my parents, they gave me an Android"
Im not poor, but not rich either.
just wait for them facebook comments
just sitting here, watching animaniacs, how wonderful
when drunk, i have a sneaking suspiscioin that everyone else is just as intoxicated as i am
buffer:[
:(:'(:[
Rose`wine: technically everyone is intocixated off oxygen
my family has a tradition where we go for a walk to see the lights on peoples houses ^_^ (and some of us dress up)
lol
My tradition is we actually get to spend time together away from work
Buffer show is best show, even a better show then MLP.
Bronysith my C2H5OH saturation is high
VenHur: ikr? :D
So how many of you guys getting the XBox 720 / 1080
...It didn't even camed out...
god
all the 4th wall breaking
Nor annonouced...
they do it without shame
qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm
Change sentance. How many people PLAN to get it.
As long it doesn't had that fucking Red Ring of Death, me!
Calm down Bronysith, Jeez.
my god, the animation is wonderful
this is the best animated show ever
besides Batman TAS naturally
guys hot topic is having a brony sale bogo 50% off all mlp fim related items
I'm sticking with the PlayStation 4.
AskPeachy: Is Vinyal Derpy half off too?
AskPeachy, we saw the EQD post
Eeyup :$
...no
no sam you won't
You will not buy anything in welovefine, I thought we agreed on this
NO OUT OF THE QUESTION
$5 says that welovefine will crash like it did the last time they attempted a MLP sale
but some of them are very nice looking....and it's half off...
Zamer: 5 bits says it will to
first thought the code was already activated last night
or w/e it was announced
went to checkout code not active
ironically with the achievements thou can get the necklace and horn via achievements
well necklace keychain and horn
Guys.....I don't know
I've never bought anything from welovefine and I vowed not too but.....
only fanmade pony merch I have is this Luna hoodie
why did you vow not to buy anything from them CrystalPhoenix
because
there just flashy
annoyingly flashy and attention grabbing
don't you know Rarity is the lead designer
not THE Rarity
of course they would be flashy and attention grabbing
also Today has been one of the best days in gaming
mmh?
got DOTA2 today for free
thanks to a unknown pony
who wouldn't register :(
Dota sucks imo
LoL even more
Zamer, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3E5FFFYRUgI
and HoN even more
just never understood the appeal of realt time action games
different things for different folks
to be on your guards
and be prepared for anything
if i want to play an rpg, ill play an rpg. if i want to play an rts, ill play an rts. i dont wanna play an rts were i only control one unit, and a rpg were my charcter only has 4 abilities
http://www.livestream.com/katkitty21 gaming stream going on
true the start of the games are broing grind and last hit
come on in
So how many people will be here tomorow night?
otakon: what u streaming?
not me
it's Majora's Mask
otakon: dat advertising
otakon, Do not advertise in chat
Links to external sites are not allowed during streams unless you are given permission by a moderator. Do not advertise other sites or channels. If you want to share a link, PM it to your recipient. Advertising in chat without consent is prohibited.
it's Majora's Mask
THERE IS NO STREAM
I really hate that part
therefore not against the rules
and otakon is right on this one
if there was a stream I wouldn't have linked it
otakon: actually advertising is never allowed
it's not advertising
cause from what I heard that rule was supposed to be at all time
twilight_sprinkle Majora's Mask
it's better than looking at a buffer circle isn't it?
i dont care myself. its just funny how if you werent a regular you would get at least a warning
twilight_sprinkle, no mods are active
well someone is up
and how it is advertising?
besides no stream atm
HEY GUYS COME WATCH THIS
CrystalPhoenix: yeah but it wouldntve happened anyway. like i said im not against it,i just find it funny
you do put up a point there twilight_sprinkle
why dont they just play the intermission music I like it it's soothing
hell, ive seen a regular post an ebay link for a friend so people here would buy it
he got no warning, and there were mods
otakon: whats ur relation with her?
Star_Gazer: in the same skype group, just popped up suddenly and I jumped in. Hell don't even know her really
Will you guys stop talking legal mumbojumbo
it's one of the greatest games alive
also otakon Majora's Mask?
more like Overstreamed game
let it override current thinking processes
Majora's Mask can never get overstreamed
I'm not getting a stream.
Majoras mask=Best zelda
AJfan77: it's off for now
yea it's Majora's Mask
Zamer, and how about it's to a point where EACH TIME I hear about a stream I never heard about they stream Majora's Mask
I agree with Star_Gazer
also Link's Awakening is best Zelda
I love Link's Awakening
Hello.
CrystalPhoenix: die
hiya Valhalla_Fusion no stream atm
lol
Star_Gazer, why?
Seriously I friggin' LOVE Link's Awakening
Majora's mask > OoT
Link's awakening is the best because of that Ballad
Time to make Legend of Zelda fanboys rage. I loved Twilight Princess.
http://youtu.be/u6T5n8zSbX0
AJfan77, that's cool
Midna is a pretty cool character
nah
TP was a good game
Ocarina of time #4 on my list for 2 reasons.
what's #1 2 3
1 Majora's Mask 2 Twilight Princess 3 The original
one question
Ocarina of time is A link to the past in 3d
why do so many people like Midna
agreed
as in think she's attractive like...
otakon, you do not want to know
I dun get it
I mean I know about the end game
but I've stumbled upon ...stuff of her BEFORE that
Ocarina of time is 4th on my list because of Na'vi and the Water Temple. BUCK! THE WATER TEMPLE! I WAS ON IT FOR 2 WEEKS!!!
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Welovefine Adds Purple Horn, Achievements
AJfan77: i was on it for 30 minutes
lol
Well I wasnt so good for you :)
Star_Gazer what version did you play
n64
duh
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnTnhmwwUYs THIS GUY
GUYS Watch this video
The original N64 Still have the console too
cause that guy is like THE Ocarina player
I prefer the Song of storms on ocarina. Thunder at end = awesome effect.
Hey bronies
is there a stream? :3
Guess not
Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! To the Moon is 75% off, but only if you get the Game + OST bundle.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XDX4ZwUeOok
Brohoof sonicdude558 /]
(\
/me throws a Twi plushie at AJfan77
To The Moon is more an experience than a game
The game alone is 66% off. Funny how you're paying less for more or more for less.
but the OST is goddamn emotional
Takes and runs with it
Should I get Torchlight 2?
it's only 15 bucks
Twilight 2?
Get it.
You won't regret it.
Don't buy the book
and don't see the movie 6_9
Can I ask you guys a favor?
NO NOT FUCKING TWILIGHT
FUCK TWILIGHT!
So how bout that zelda conversation :P
FUCK THAT FUCKING LOUSY BOOK!
BURN IT TO ASH
Oi calm down
Torchlight 2 yes
the movie ok the book bad
THEN FEED THE ASHES TO WOLVES!
Zelda Conventions? Since when did they have those? 6_9
even though i been too busy to play
THEN BLOW UP THE WOLVES!
sonicdude558, since forever?
sonicdude558: conversations
http://wolfpuncher.com
sonicdude558 do you have sonic generations
ya
since 2008 actually but i meant conversation
For the 360 and PC
Hey guys can I ask you a favor?
what
shut up?
yes
was about to inform you if you didn't it was on sale for $7
for PC
If you know me well, can you try and find me a good shirt on Welovefine that I could get myself
what CrystalPhoenix
Zamer: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2ALsvU50wQ
00,10hmmm perhaps stream this
>Oh mai video
I'd watch it
>Sumica post right after
TIMING
ponies
00,10I ment the show.
EVERYONE HIDE THE NON PONY POSTS!!!
are epic
play nyan cat
TIMING. [moment of silence]
Sumica, what show exactly?
Zelda?
I suggest streaming G1 ponies
actual episodes, not just the sea ponie song
dat Spitfire
hello
inb4 Shoo Be doo
Dat Spitfire
Hello Spitfire
brb
:)
inb4 Smooze
:p
00,10was wondering why my system was laging
Brohoof Spitfire /]
bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=69vBnYSiEJQ
00,10it was trying to install all my steam games at once
AJfan77: (\
Sumica WHAT IS GOING ON!? THOUGHT THE STREAM WAS DOWN ON THANKSGIVIGN :P
what steam games did you buy Sumica
00,10I did't I upgraded my OS
is there a stream?
oh this is some nice baby making music you got there Rex_Mundi
ahh
Deadlypon3 : cant keep bronies down
is there a stream?
Hey guys...I'm going cold turkey on Video games until School is done :I
Shock horror.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S6kxau0ePlg
I think I'm having a gaming complusion...
you won't make it Deadlypon3
no stream right now
Deadlypon3: NO!
you're playing a game 24/7
It is actually making me feel depressed that I am not playing games right now
...or perhaps thats just feeling sad over Hitman Absolution
Sumica, I just reinstalled windows, it is a hastle just getting all my applications back on my system
Deadlypon3 : Sonic or Mario
I only have Civ5 on steam
AJfan77!?
00,10I was swaping from 32 to 64 bit win7
OH GOD!>?
uhhh what
YEESH
STREAM
SUMI WIPEOUT!@
whats this then?
WIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIPE OUT
Is this live TV?
Wipeout
...
yes
wat?
that orage tan
*orange
so
Finally, THE STREAM, HAS COMED BACK, TO CHICAGOOOO!
PONEH!
just got a call from the hospital
PONEEEHEHHEHEHEHEHEH
Someone count the ownage
own
LAWL
grandad just passed
own
Derpy_hooves :'(
IS THIS SPONGE BOOOOOOOB?
damn Derpy_Hooves i'm sorry
huh huh huhuhu they said ponies huhuhuh
Derpy_Hooves: :'(
ownown
Derpy_hooves Is it appropriate for Wipe out to play?
own
i had a grandfather pass about 4 years ago around this time
pwn
Grandpa passed 2 years ago
Derpy_Hooves "I'm so sorry, but your grandfather passed-" "OOOOOH IT COULD LOOK WORSE WITH A ORANGE TAN!"
she has her hand on the big balls
oi bronystate stahp
reminds me of 'most extream elimation challenge'
yeah stahp starring bronystate
pony show?
where?
wipeout = watch people getting hurted and get lols
...Imagine Sonic The Hedgehog on Wipeout. :D
cachi01: so jackass
Rex_mundi ...You know, I am really glad that I don't watch this show, cause it seems like a sexist thing with idiots narrating
Sonic just jumps over the course
Bronysith: well its the truth
lols
take your time, your little sister beat you
:p
Sumica HEY! Derpy_hooves just got sad news :'(
00,10so much joy at the suffering of others in this show
wow
VenHur, they'd probably poke fun at his tiny legs or something.
00,10hmm
I can imagine RD on this
Sumica I really hate this dumb narrator...
gotta start planning the funeral soon
/me reads up
might not be as ative
...
00,10oh, sorry for your loss Derpy_Hooves
FAIL
own
thank you everyone, the good thing about it he is no longer in pain
Sumica you know what will fix that? A WACKY OBSTACLE COURSE SHOW!
own
anyone actually win these?
own
What happened Derpy_Hooves?
Sorry for your loss Derpy_Hooves. :'(
00,10yeah the viewers win
Derpy_Hooves Hmmm okaays :) You can always talk about it here
His grandfather? Bye bye.
11/10 stars
00,10cause they get to watch this
...Saenz?
Derpy_Hooves take your time, you won't miss anything much except people getting hit by balls
11,02Turns out Pinkie Pie died in last week's episode... :(
What...
11,02R.I.P. Pinkie Pie
...That didn't happens.
Superbrony64 Don't talk about deaaath
SuperBrony64: ...That didn't happen.
11,02Deaaaaaath...Note.
okay, i'm back
SuperBrony64, Dear Princess Celestia
Pinkies not dead, just stuck forever in a limbo dimension of the mirror pool
who's streaming?
Lol
Derpy_Hooves, I wish I could say I know how it feels, but my grandfather passed away well over 20 years ago.
11,02Hai thelonepony :D
lol you guys talking about the Alternate Ending
Hi SuperBrony64 :D
SuperBrony64, Derpy_Hooves' grandfather just passed away, okay?
...
00,10second place is the first looser
Okay, that is a great slogan
11,02Really? I'm so sorry to hear that Derpy_Hooves :(
Where the fuck do they get these people?
Sumica NEVER GIVE UP NEVER SURRENDER!
I have never seen anything more beautiful
They stole that saying from Galaxy Quest
/me hugs Derpy_Hooves
gotta start planning the funeral
RustyMeat Apparently they got a combination of Applejack and Captian Tagart and Ricky Bobby :P
I supply them RustyMeat
The giant rubber Hot Dogs
Someone passed the red balls
my father is taking bad, cause it was HIS father
FAIL
it*
I prefer Oh Sit! though Musical Chairs with obstacles
Sorry to hear that Derpy_Hooves :(
This is at least better than MXC
Sorry for your grandpappy, Derpy_Hooves...
i dont know why
but i think
so this is live tv...
ohai cachi01
TruTV= Douchebiggalos having a TV station
we are watching wipeout
tehlonpon hi!
I still prefer Sasuke. But now I know that Wipeout tends to be decent towards it's competitors.
REEEEEEEECOLA
VANELOPPE <3
REEEEECOLA!!!!
hell ya its #1
/me avalance covers the chatroom
SonicDude558 So is Skyfall
I wann asee it :(
00,10yes cachi01 we are watching wipeout
yay
/me punches Deadlypon3 in the butt, then the face
what did i win?
i feel sorry for my friends at Walmart
OW!
Nothing
:>
/me covers a forcefield over himself
Well, I'm just sayin, All the movies are number one! Number one at what!?
Got 3 friends who work the electronics department tonight
Damn it Sonic's! WHY YOU NO SELL CHILI DOGS?!
<--
00,10bust a nut?
which i could watch the nightmare they are having
Sumica I busted a nut eating turkeh tonight :P
Funny story earlier tonight. My mom's making Turkey Patties again, and she realized she was out of a vital ingredient, so she went to Food Lion to try to get some more. But they were already closed, so she had to WAL-MART for it.
00,10granny pissed off the fanboi's
wtf
your mom is a hobbit
yea everyone was closed at like 5pm in my town
Kandarihu AAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHH >:D
only thing that was open was a gas station
...
/me removes his forcefield
Dat Wilhelm Scream
Zamer: really? my town closed shops on 4 pm
I wanted to go to Gamestop to get some Steam Cash, so she picked me up on the way over. Gamestop is also closed at the time, so we both went into WALMART
Kandarihu Too bad they don't sell steam cash, WOOPS
00,10know that feel Kandarihu
If an ork soldiers are ShootaBoyz, and ork mechanics are MekBoys, does that make ork players FanBoyz?
holla holla get $
"Bang up job
...These guys are totally douche....
what is this Steam Cash
XD
00,10i wanted to get the Planetside 2 card thing
You can buy Steam cards to add money onto your account.
Zamer, a code to add money to my Steam Wallet
Why does that tarnation girl sound like AppleJack?
00,10this looks bad
yeah she kinda sounds like Ashleigh
how much are they at gamestop
Steam cards are not in Mexico though...that made me a sad panda.
ahh I never knew they had Steam Cards i just used my credit card
I'm sorry
Dat Fluffeh
oh mu
oh my
those danglers don't look right
Spitfirecolt 20, 50, 100
so it wasn't me that noticed that dangler
eup, jump to yellow balls to win
00,10wth
3 People 1 Dangler
Happy Thanksgiving, Bronystate!
is it just me or was I just hearing Donkey Kong Country music
Sumica Noah, Human apple jack Rickey bobb Rick Taggert!
Happy thanksgiving AssaultWithEmbraces :)
Hey that was on purpose
I was thankful that i gave a fuck today.
/me hugs thelonepony
/me noms on AssaultWithEmbraces :3
Jaaymoo~
Allo Fluffeh
00,10damn these people get rocked
aaand the chat is silent
Touche, Sumica.
Sumica well, it's actually just the use of sound effects to make it sound like it really hurts :P
yo, whos watching the Patriots Obliterate the Jets?
00,10yeah duh Deadlypon3
capital O for fucking emphasis
Dont you dare hug me. I already gave my one fuck for today. :|
Sumica B-But I wanna feel smart and stuff :'(
/me huggles Jmo
/me huggles AssaultWithEmbraces
One sound effect is the fmous Wilhelm scream. :P
*famous
Kandarihu: nah, i wouldnt expect any of you to
Nice split...
the game is still on? huh
yeah dude
brb
last time i checked it was 42-12
...Oh look Paranormal 5
THAT DAY IS A SPY!
lol troll
Spy Saturday
Kandarihu: thats stereotyping. I dont consider myself to be much of a geek
00,10red dawn?
Wait, the mother waited days in the attic with a camera?@
Red Dawn?
with josh peck
somehow
Sumica staring Josh Peck :p
00,10was't that an late 70's movie?
Spy saturday is for chumps. Ponyday is best day.
this car
It's a remake
00,10dat house arrest
actually she waited 363 days Deadlypon3
Deadlypon3, no. Just a few days.
Sumica: Never heard of Red Dawn.
dat ! Costume
00,10Russia invades the US
AVENGE ME!!!
How're you doing fluffeh?
Sumica: I suppose Red Dawn is one of those movies that got rebooted to steal our money.
Again?
00,10and gets beaten by a bunch of highschool kids
VenHur: EXACTLY!
00,10it's like home alone with explosins
yeah nothings changed :p
eeyup
Sumica: actually no in the original version most of the Wolverines end up killed
:P
OMG I CAN NOW BUY G@K AND GET THE OTHER 50% OFF! DREAMS CAME
dat commercial cutoff
Otakon Bet it's Josh Peck who get's killed :p
...Or Thor
00,10otakon spoilers
wow. mods still dont want to talk about the shmooze
Either one is coolz
Sumica: it's a 20 year old movie
Sumica: I don't know what happens in the new one
00,10pifffff details
oktaon SPOILERS FOR THAT!
Deadlypon3: the ORIGINAL Red Dawn
the one that came out in like 1987
Realistically, it would have to imply complicity with the US government, but I know Hollywood better than that
otakon: Damn you! What will Solid Snake said?!
SPOILERS FOR THE WIKIPEDIA ARTICLE I AM READING!
00,10...... oh god no
wait
no
Stevo?
SPOILERS FOR WIKIPEDIA
Oh god no
Just wtf
...
WHY IS HE STILL ALVIE!?
Sumica: ...What?
my god, out of all the spoilers, people freak out over this one
VenHur: jackass
Ohhh!
...Boot?
So it's more like Home Alone, except it's entirely serious.
Or Boat?
boog
:O
boot
EVERYBODY RUN, IT'S JAWS!
Or about?
FREAKING. JAWS!
hu
Aw now wipe out has jumped the shark
'hi
...Do these hosts get in the compitetion?
so what happens if someone rides the shark
This show is sooo cheesy... :S
oh god Im f*cked
sup everyone?
...Are these people living cartoon characters?
Hi NYC_Brony.
THE YAM MAN!
Mods, How do i password lock my name?
type /register
wanna know what was wierd?
Zamer: theres more to it
It's funny cause Castro killed people
Why do I see multiple moderators of the same name?
i forget the rest
:D
You are drunk Alchemist go home
What did /register do?
Zamer: it won't let m
e
cachi01, no, really
Alchemist: want a beer?
just type that all out?
how do i do this again?
no
he had a sip of what ever BerryPunch was drinking
NOOOOO :'( Applejack Rickey Bobby Captian thing
cachi01: wait a sec
k
00,10I dont recall the command Zacklego
00,10try google
ITS BEEN 2 SECS
WHERE ARE YOUU?
D:
Sumica: Ever heard of Ninja Warrior? It was one of the only good thing that was on G4...
GO YAM MAN
register is your name, so dont do anythin
anything*
fluttershy approves of this?
the < and > dont add it
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
did anybody get that notice?
no
what notice?
its only you
:>
because if so then.... okay
then how do i change passwords
i put a silly one just incase of something
LOL ITS FUNNY BECAUSE THEY GET HURT
00,10so many puns
Zacklego: did you put your account?
VenHur, I friggin' LOVE Sasuke! I agree. That was probably the best show that marked G4's network decay.
yes
cachi01 yep
i am regestered
cachi01: http://i.imgur.com/iXHus.png
How do i register my password again,it dosen't seem to work,and also how do i sign up for the bronystate newsletter?
00,10damn did you see how his neck bent?
Alchemist: i dun get it
Alchemist dat shark
buffer
cachi01 check the moderators on the right
Kandarihu: Now if only someone streams Ninja Warrior...
thundercats is on tv here
yeah Alchemist thats just you dude
i have no clue whats going on
Alchemist: lotsa moderators o_o
...NY times?
does nick stand for nickname or new pass?
...I doubt it
awww
Zacklego: name
00,10the newsletter link is only active when we have an active survay
thelonepony: how do i register for the bronystate newsletter,it is not working for me
nickname
cachi01 see? im not drunk :D
I thought MLP FiM was THE greatest show in television history
NYC_Brony: not sure
00,10the survay closed a few hours ago
^
00,10check it agan next week
Venhur you never seen Animaniacs then
VenHur: i think seinfeld will have to be no 1
Alchemist: wanna get drunk? lol
Hi c:
unsual behavior?!
Zacklego: wait, your name or Newsletter?
Hi Ponies47 :)
for what?
i'm watching my little pony parodies
Mountain Dew!!
Ponies47: hey, also cool pic on twitter
Hello Ponies47 :)
Zacklego: i meant chat name or for newsletter?
/me glomps Ponies47
/me hugs everyone
123 Sesame St.
that title is a lie
It said i was registered and i wanted to know if nick stood for nickname or new pass
cachi01: Ive almost been up 24 hours straight, Im gonna have an exam in 4 hours and I couldnt study properly for it, after that Im going to continue my research for about 6 more hours. Yes, I could use some alcohol :D
Michael BayFormers got the world record for explosions
5, 6, Sesame Street.
Zacklego: nickname
/me gives Alchemist lotsa tequila
thanks :)
:P
Awh, too bad Wipeout for Kinect is absolute Shite
i am watching adventure time
pepboys
NYC_Brony: is that the show with pokemon?
everything for kinect is absolute shit
holla holla get $ days
You know what? I remember the one time I was part of a focus group. I was a teenager, and they screened boring ads for products that I really didn't care about.
99999
john madden
NYC_Brony Hey Ice King, Why did yah Steal our Garbage?!
its says that i am logged in
Hey, Kinect, here's a good idea, make a freaking DDR game! And make it NOT suck!
somehow
you have registered the nickname Zacklego. This means that all your flags and stuff are stored under this nick protected by your password. Once you log on with this nick, you can change nicks but still act under your aount
*acount
I think there was some sort of rule that my participation in that focus group disqualified me from future focus groups.
VenHur: Try Just dance. It will kill you.
...Okay, that's not possible
Buffer
VenHur: LOLOLOLOL
who has xbox live or skype?
VenHur: what other miracle do you wish sir?
And I refreshed it back
...
Noaaaahz
MIRRORS EDGE THIS BIIYAATH
00,10I need to tweak my settings a bit more I see.
This part of Wipeout just screams Ninja Warrior, REALLY!
cachi01 football
i was in black angus and i was wearing a "Derpy hooves" shirt and teens 15-17 were laughing at me and i am 14
00,10ouch
sonicdude558: here comes another chinese earthquake
ebrbrbrbrbrb
Ooooh...
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
that don't look right
That over and out looks fun but easy.
anyway guys
:p
I gotta get some sleep
work tomorrow
"You guys suck...I LOVE YOU"
bah otakon
again,i was in black angus and i was wearing a "Derpy hooves" shirt and teens 15-17 were laughing at me and i am 14
and Black Friday shopping
hello everypony happy thanksgiving
NYC_Brony: buck em
happy late thanksgiving vinylntavi
i was going to be kicked out
for what>
lol yea
night all! thanks for the stream Sumica
we were watching the patriots and jets
00,10night otakon
seeya otakon
:)
HE MADE IT!
Yay for Tinaa...ff
Night ot:)
wipeout?
VICTORY!!!
otakon*
Night otakon, Happy Thanksgiving
what did you eat for thanksgiving everyone
ham
you too AssaultWithEmbraces
steak
I didn't had turkey this Thanksgiving...
...Oh well...
honey baked ham is good
Happy thanksgiving everypony
where do you live?
Good evenin' everyone. :)
Kaiz that was impressive
New York
Hi AdamTheDuck :)
i live in: http://www.highsnobiety.com/news/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/brooklyn-nets-jay-z-hat.jpg
night crazy bastards
night bronysith
NYC_Brony: You lives in that hat?
So what's on stream?
Venhur XD
inb4 fap
Hes like, "Aw f*ck, i have to get that hooker out of the closet."
NYC_Brony Colorado Denver :P
dem pyrotechnics
CARRION
cox = cocks
...
I live like, 45 mins away from NYC_Brony here
COX, the worst cable company ever
i live in denver co too deadlypon3
i had my drivers test 3 weeks ago
and guess what
LockNLoad?
1. it was in florida(miami) and 2.i passed but i almost crashed!
...So uhm...the streamer lives in Vegas?
lel
oh my Sumica lives in California
00,10yep
amirite
NYC_Brony: well good enough :$
I've heard nothing but hate for Comcast, but I've generally been fairly satisfied with my experience with them. ...then again, they have competition in Chattanooga
00,10vegas
Sumica ...That must suck :p
00,10what makes you say that?
vegas is okay
Vegas is cool
dat double add
I dunno :I
e
00,10inb4 male T is new meme
i live in a magical place filled with mystical creatures
^
you should stream the King of Cars infomercials Sumica
also known as mosquitos
Sumica, that was a Cable Operators Break, right? Local ad?
00,10I dont get up early enough for his ad's
...She is seriously a AppleJack mixed with Captain Taggert and Ricky Bobbey
Hello guys!:)
00,10yeah Kandarihu
YO DAYGON!
Hi Daygon :)
00,10Cox likes to overwrite alot of ads
Im freaking happy as hell!!!
who wants to know my real name in private chat(First name)
Comcast is the same way.
Y SO HAPPY?
did I hear fluttershy say yay?
COX is great at F'ing up anything and everything
vidmaster4694, no you didn't
...That was kinda cool
vidmaster4694: no <_<
vidmaster4694, it is just your imagination
http://i.imgur.com/21pa2.png
yes vidmaster4694
ok
00,10would you like a cox bundle?
vidmaster4694, we are not real, ponies are not real.
hah i knew it
Actually, Comcast used to have timing issues with that, and they'd cut off the REGULAR PROGRAMMING of Cartoon Network with local ads.
Sumica from a las Vegas man ;3
vidmaster4694, Bronies are but a figmet of your imagination.
Well, guess who has two hooves, Adam Fenix, Infected Omen Lancer, and a limited edition Gears of War 3 Xbox?
Would you like a cocks bundle?
bundles of COX
my name is Xavier
NEVAH SURRENDER
FREEDOM
dat []
00,10second place again
vidmaster4694: theres is only brucks out there, Bros+ducks= brucks :P
hi everypony
again,my name is Xavier
Hello wipergone2
Sumica Apple Jack :'(
vidmaster4694: like AdamTheDuck, he's a bruck :P
Tarnation
50 Grand?
he is a fruitcake
lo.l
yay
I would buy soooooo many plushies
EVERYONE GETS A FRUIT CAKE!!!
i want a fruit cake
*tosses fruitcake at thelonepony*
and fursuits :P
Must have...FRUITCAKE!
I like fruitcakes.
00,10gonna ajust some settings
/me licks thelonepony :P
and big balls
/me gets hit ;3;
Kaaay :P
thelonepony, I'm a bruck? .-.
/me gets licked :3
/me 's name is Xavier
lawl ajust
Fruitcakes are just one of those things that everyone hates but I rather like.
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Music of the Day #28
did stream die?
AdamTheDuck: Bro+duck=bruck :P
nah
Seems about right :$
he is gonna change somthing
[]DeadpoolDash, look at what Sumica said.
Nope, Sumica is just adjusting some stuffs.
Probally video and sound quality.
Xavier Gordon
Hmm
thelonepony: Would you kindly? teach me how you do the italicized font in chat
my name is Xavier Gordon
/me ahem...
Flash, ah aaaah!
Zacklego: if you promise not to overuse it
/me sounds like Bioshock mind trick
/me la la la la la
NYC_Brony...please stop saying that...we get it man
50 Grand? I would spend it on plushies and fursuits :P
I dont
Zacklego: /me
and yes it is Bioshock
So who here has Gears 3?
thelonepony oh! so its just like steam
Daygon: I do
I CHALLENGE YOU
what? i dont have steam to know that :P
gears 3 for xbox or ps3
its only xbox
^
say wut?!
:>
steam uses the same way as the chat.
Its only for the Xbox
sonicdude558 So coolzz
xbox and xbox only
eeyup
Zacklego: welp, still dont know so, yeah :P
its owned by micosoft
isnt it a little late to be challenging people?
Claptrap wont shut his face.
Dovah, I challenge thee to a Lancer battle
Zacklego: D:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OYa5aQb3YGE
Daygon, like I said, isnt it a little late for that?
Hell no, i got all night, and so do you!
Gears of War is owned by Epic Games not microsoft
but i dont wanna turn my xbox on, 5 feet is too far...
YOU LAZY *******
/me stealth assassinates AdamTheDuck
You're just Scootaloo
/me huggles TheRandomkid321 :3
they just indorse it
garentee i could kick your ass any day of the week, at around 6
yau
AdamTheDuck Theres still another hour before school times over.
yay
Just had Pork for Thanksgiving :P
ded
TheRandomkid321, school ended here :P
Never trust apes
Yay wipeout
yay!!!!!!6_9
Whatever
Whats your level, Dovah?
lol
idk havnt played it in forever
bye Dovah
epic fail
see ya DoctoDoctorWho
Yeah, and your going to kik my ass.
kick*
Daygon: what is your lvl?
23 green
i got to go good bye everypony happy thanksgiving
implying level has anything to do with it
bye
last time i check i was in the 40's
I wan't to go on wipeout. My assassin training will assist me.
biny
viny*
http://www.demotivationalposters.org/image/demotivational-poster/1001/sexy-potato-potatoes-demotivational-poster-1264567645.jpg
ouch
happy black firday everyone uuuuhggggg:|
I don't think I can handle Wipeout. I gotta get in shape.
fucking hate working at walmart
no shit
cachi01: wut? :D
'Murica!
Heck, I gotta get in shape anyway, even if not for something like this
00,10this seems harder then ninjawarior
So you haven't played it since forever, and you think you can beat me?
Zacklego: MURKIA
"forever" a few months
...wow
Sumica...no cause if you fall in ninjar warrior your out...they would all lose on the first obstical
.......
Sumica, really? I don't think so
I'm glad...uhm...
>_<
I can still beat you. yay
lol
yay
give me a few min to warm up and yes i can probably beat you Daygon
these dudes get more than one attempt sumi
More like a bass face. DROP THE BASS! wubwubwub
Yeah, keep telling yourself that
Oh my
oh my is right
who herd yay
Me
me
heard*
NO HIPSTERS!
what would you guys do with 50 grand?
Yeah, Sasuke has 100 contestants, and most of them are just there to get some cheap screen time and then bomb out at the first obstacle of Stage 1.
why does this show attract the weirdest people I have ever seen?
00,100_o
Getting closer than 2 cousins in a bathtub
ded
pinkie pie
Daygon, this more than proves you suck at the game. You came on here challenged the first person who had the game and then started saying they suck just because they don't want to play the game at this time.
00,10well that was disapointing
indeed so
it always is
Well that's depressing
child sized ....
your mom is a wipeout
He has the CHild At Heart perk.
I didnt say you sucked. You just say you can beat me, which you say that you havent played this game in months
This commercial
slapped...by a car
xD
:D
And how, I have been playing this game, re-uped once, and still doing good
D:
war
is terrible
lol
Hi Bronystate
And oyu think you would know me more then me.
...Hai rarity
MEDIC
:D
DOCTOR
STUPENDUS
STUPENDOUS!
Daygon: Implying that by not playing for a few months greatly lowers my skill.
It can
FUS RO DASH
Can, not difinitive.
that was some epic sentence mixing
her armor broke
sonicdude558, IKR
My brother, who hasnt played the game in months, who used to beat me. Now can kill me as he used to, well he could kill me.
Soooo.....GO AHEAD, TELL A FRIEND!
I really suck at typing
A shiney NEW AUUSTTRRRAAAALIAAAAAAA
someone really need to stream this
Daygon: so, he can still beat you?
It's ok Daygon
No he cant
awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
D:
50 thousand dollars?!
That's a lot...
I'm.digging the new commercials
soooo what are we watching?
there is a difference of killing someone and beating someone
Also, I'm not your brother. Daygon
hey Sumica, is it just me or do you have WindowFX or some thing similar?
Sylandest: Wipeout
I KNOW
I hate her already.
AlienWarhead: ...why this?
00,10you meen the transisions?
ya
Can anyone help me choose a welovefine t-shirt?
its funny
niiice
dat yay
Sylandest: because the streamer wanted it
/me brohoofs Sumica
but any person that i know who hasnt played a game for a long time, loses skill during sometimes
ahh. fair does
00,10see
Pinkie
CrystalPhoenix: Maybe this one http://www.welovefine.com/3336-the-sparkly-night.html
Man, i do not rememver these DLCs taking so long
Daygon: Yeah, i probably lost some, but I can get it back relitivly quickly.
Heeeeh I might consider that one
It could, but it would take like 5 hours or more
Dial? And 12 and what is that?
Don't touch that dile
00,10He looks like Scoot-scootaloo
...So a feathery BEAST?!
Really?
If so...
Does anyone know anything about the new episode on Saturday?
...Huh...
no offence, but now I think that Scoot-scootaloo is kinda a troll/bitch/mean
...
after that one stream he streamed
I would be good at the big testicles... My assassin training would come in handy.
No and please be quiet and take it to p.m
sonicdude558: he's plays around with us :D
Daygon I do, but we can't spoil here
he*
this is sad to watch
ok, ill wait
and he's not mean or a "bitch"
sonicdude558 Shutup... last time I said something exactly like that but with wrek I was hated for a month.
the art contest stream back in october 31 was the worst stream ever. I thought the internet was dying
Time to download the longest DLC of gears
I think I remember that
It's a prerequisite for a mod to know how to troll o.o
^
mmmmBananas
fact
:>
00,10wait people calling scoot a troll?
Daygon: why so obsessed with gears all of a sudden? its quite old
Ooooh, BANANAS!
Those that gets the refference get a cookie.
00,10and here I thought I was the worst troll here
I got the limited edition of Gears of War Xbox
Rainbow chipped.
oh crap I forgot to text someone back
nah
Okay :P
but scoots gets on his mic and stops the video
And i never stop playing gears, its my game
I'm the worst troll here!
..
Wait, was that a sexist remark?
Sumica is lying
00,10ah
...Wait why
O_O
haha, he said Gulag.
GabeMoist, I dont even know how to troll, so dont say that.
Daygon: aaannd now i dont want to play with you, it seems like you focus on one game and dont get any diversity.
He actually went back
00,10yeah dont think I have ever stoped out right
No not really, i just play gears more then any other game
Gears?
What gears?
Gears of War
Now this a comerial break!
I still think someone should stream this
I'm guessing Sumi stream?
yes
eeyup
Hey I've been wondering what rank is Phase4 he doesn't have @ symbol but the + symbol. I know BerryPunch has a % because it's a bot but still what is Phase4?
Sumica: aren't I the worse troll?
and wb AJIsAwesome :)
lol o my
yay
TheRandomkid321, a wizard
TheRandomkid321: Part of the Bronystate staff, I think.
TheRandomkid321: + is voice. Phase can speak in muted chats
@ means theyre a mod.
TheRandomkid321: hes a tech + is voice so even when +m he can talks
this one is good
3....2.....1
00,10yep MakerDusk the worst
+ designates a techie or streamer
00,10breaking chat all the time during new eps
Oh, and thanks thelonepony. :)
though I've never voiced myself to talk during a mute
:D
Pinkie Pie
I only do passive things XD
MakerDusk: but youve used colors
:O
xD
<3
XD
:D
no effort required
Engineer is confused
AJIsAwesome's theme song
:>
:D
>.>
thelonepony: Oh shush. :D
I'm not a silly pony <_<
Applejack is a silly pony
Oh good.. all those pinkie pies are gone.
:)
It's funny how G4 AJ is prettymuch the complete opposite
Hi ya'll.
Hi, Kinixys. :)
ja
AJIsAwesome: but it is true, you are Silly pony :3
"you is " = best grammer
whats the vid called? I wanna find the source of this
Hi Kinixys :)
I don't think I coukd ever get tired of a Sumica stream. There's alaays something random
to voice, it would be /os mode #bronystate +v MakerDusk
thelonepony: I'm not a silleh pony. :D
random stream is best stream
yay for applejack :P
AJIsAwesome: yes you are :3
MakerDusk is op, nerf pls
You is
what in the world????
sonicdude558: Who Is Applejack PMV..
THIS OPENING
This epic stuff
puns
:D
friendship is magnets
Dat kareoke.
yay the original intro
brace for terrible puns!
ButtStalion is best pony
:P
TITLE DROP
twilight_sprinkle: Applejack has worst pun. :D
anyways, sleep time for me
This is nice.
o/
You'll?
MakerDusk sleeps?
PUNS!
Night, MakerDusk. :)
lel
wait what?!
Zacklego, could you kindly pass me that wrench?
night dude
'nini all
Night MakerDusk :)
A Rarity to come by
these puns are multiplying my headache by a hundred
best pun <3
twilight_sprinkle: Need some aspirin?
FRANCE
this must be the movie opening
FRIIIEEEEENNNDDSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
xD
AJIsAwesome: i took a few other meds a few mins ago, i hope itll help
That was great!
/me injects pcp on twilight_sprinkle
:>
pcp?
Pcp, isn't that a glue? .-.
a drug
:>
>:I
I installed the new graphics overhaul for morrowind. Ouch the high detail kinda hurts my eyes.
/me uses magic to absorb thelonepony into the universe of his headache
D:
00,10brain the whole team
hey thelonepony ,im looking for a joj joj joj joj...
Kinixys: oh how i wish i had a Good Pc to run that game
twilight_sprinkle: Well, let's welcome you to your new joj joj joj joj joj...
thelonepony: Some peope say it's still the best Elder Scrolls.
I've seen better assassins.
/me is confused by joj joj joj joj
Kinixys: it is, in a way
its like a real life platformer
like the spears, the magic, some rare stuff
00,10puns puns puns puns
Dat Umbrella logo.
AJIsAwesome: you and i seem to be the only ones to remember that ytp :3
twilight_sprinkle: I think so. :D
Ouch..
That guy's a true assasin.
tell me the name of the ytp sprunkls and ayejay ;3;
anyway afk a bit, gotta go die from the headache
That guy's a man!
i dont remembre the name thelonepony
A REAL MAN OF IRON!
thelonepony: Toast Busters.
MLP- Toast Busters.
AJIsAwesome: oh, never heard that part
:>
00,10ouch
yikes
Owch...
Aw Sumi turned of the yays and is using normals dings
The butt absorbed the impact
00,10oh?
lawl
oh my
MAI
i wonder if anyone died on this show if anyone would find out
Oh okay never mind. Heard regular dings there for a second
00,10deaths tend to be the end of a show
At the end of that course I would do an eagle jump into the water.
00,10any one recall a show called stuntmasters?
...Not me.
exactly
Someone died playing Wipeout?
no
No what was it Sumica?
No but now I'm gonna Google that because you have me curious
MURIKA
:>
Ho ho heck?
i'm pretty sure they all sign wavers before entering the show
Someone did die on Wipeout i think
00,10basicly it was a write in and tell them a stunt you want to see done
00,10well the stunt was skydiveing from a leirJet
What color would be best with this shirt? http://www.welovefine.com/3008-the-music.html
Who is a silly pony?
00,10the skydiver did't clear the engin
ouch
Zacklego, You're a silly pony.
Who is?
Zacklego: AJIsAwesome is
:>
Who is?
Applejack
Who's a silly pony?
:L Ceir pony is silly pony?
I guess you can say.
The skydiver jet lagged.
so yeah
CrystalPhoenix: Purple
Uugghh
Purple?
interesting
dat 1 second commercial
anyone else?
CrystalPhoenix: I find either Purple or Black.
DIE LOVE BEING PURPLE
CrystalPhoenix: Black is good too if you like it
I LOVE BEING PURPLE
If I was a mod my colour would be purple
Dat stone pick
HIPSTERS
Haven't been on here in a while...S'up guys?
If you want the visuals to blend, I'd choose Royal. If I wanted it to semi-clash, Purple. If I wanted it to clash, choose Black.
Hi
Mines would be a dark blue background with dark yellow text.
Hi, Aircrafter. :)
Hi Aircrafter :)
00,10this looks like it should be on the wii
Sumica: ...It is.
I might take blue in that case....
Sumica NO! WII U
The black highlights and showcases the visuals on the shirt.
then again
....
Sumica: YFW there is one.
Hey Aircrafter I'm tired, but I want to stay up to 3 am EST for the black friday welovefine sale
Sumica: There was a commercial about it moments ago.
Yay.
lol
neat, PlanetSide2 is on Steam now
00,10was that wii? looked like 360s motion cap thing
lady with mic is preggo
