Im working on a concept for a game :p
how are things MaxTheBrony
Lil_B, but Luna and lyra are awesome :3
hi MaxTheBrony
What if you didn't buy it?
alexxm: Things are good :) How about you?
Heya Lil_B :)
ship it then?
08,01Vivix: aye; that's why i dual boot with Mac OS, in order to use Adobe programs
if it came in the car down there with you then its OK but they can ask you to prove it.
i'm good MaxTheBrony
08,01but Wine seems fine with some stuff i use
Invi yes, but all the colors in Wave 6 / Euro Wave V are way too bright
Poor excuse Max.
haha
Lil_B, oh okay
Aah-hm- yeah, Wine has become pretty good. I don't do much computer stuff though, but I've become fond of programming again, just JS so far, but I do miss Cpp
if its a gift you have to have paperwork showing it is a gift and then it has to have some sort of value on it.
:p alllright il confess ive been a bit lazy Jmo :)
what's the worst shipping you can think of?
Bloody oath you have.
Worst shipping? 500 dollars for a plushie
LOL this reminds me of something funny… our main supplier is down in New Mexico, and the owner and his wife came up here to canada to meet with us and say Hi
/me totally missing hte point totally not on like purpose
O U Vivix.
Hi everypony!
Hi Kawaii_icybeauti
Y u remind me ;_;
hai Kawaii
hehe
she was saying how they have a border problem with illegals coming across the border into new mexico, and shes like "do you guys have a border problem here?"
and im like
hi ASoftFluffyThing did you get your trading cards yet?
hi Kawaii_icybeauti
hi BladedWings
Still don't see how shipping could cost that much
Probably bad autocalculator
When I buy a new PC I'll get a firned to help me with setting up a Linux / Windows Dual Boot
Jmo, maybe they buy a ship just for that ^^
hopefully, hell, I payed 30 euro for shipping a bass, those are oversized and heavy packages
I wanna use Linux, but I play a lot of Games on the PC
or fill a whole container
Har har har :P
U so funeh Invi.
Kawaii_icybeauti: They're being mailed out today.
with just one plushie
MEbbe.
ASoftFluffyThing: cant wait to hear what ya get lol
Check out this guy's awesome siggy on gaia. (scroll down/up a bit) http://www.gaiaonline.com/forum/real-life-fashion-style/official-tattoos-body-piercing-and-body-modification/t.18984711_128399/#128399
Well if half the people who said "I'm moving to Canada" after every policial decision they don't like, you probably would have a border problem
Oh god Gaia
*scroll down
Burn it with fire
BladedWings, neither can I.
But it's black metal pinkie...
When I was a kid, I thoguht gaia was for LBGT
ow my fingers
08,01awesome
Quickest Application Ever
if they actually did
Lies.
I've been on that site since like 2nd grade. The only reason I go now is for body mod advice.
quickest application for someone actually WANTING the position, ever
that's pretty much a cliche here
Advice on the internet, lolwat?
I'm not big on tattoos, but I remember, when my sister tatooed her stomach and side of her ribs, she told us to hold her down
so me and my mom was like, laying on her to hold her down
o.o
ok, finally time to do some work, if I don't start this school year all over again >.<
She looves tattoos, but it hurt
Kawaii_icybeauti: I don't see a sig. :/
wha?
latest*
Lil_B, I have my 2nd exam tomarro :D
God I knew that was Dishonored related
08,01Chrysalis: which one(s) did you apply for?
instant mask recognise.
haha :)
yepp
Invi how long has your Ausbildung have been?
looking through to see if there is another i would be willing to do and could apply for
has have been... I don't know if my english teacher would be ok with that
Lil_B, hmm about 3 months including this one
Hey Lil_B, how's it going? :)
08,01Chrysalis: not any staff position?
What's up!
hey Socks
I mean Hello
Hey Dken2021 :)
hey MadSurge I'm in here for almost an hour, but only a few people noticed :P
Kawaii_icybeauti! :$
And MadSurge -hugs-
lol
08,01Chrysalis: committee positions?
I'm playing with my DS, that's why I'm not very present lately :D
im currently wondering whether to apply for Guest And Merchendising
Kawaii_icybeauti: Do I need to be registered or something to see sigs?
SafariMonkey: No, you just scroll
MadSurge so far it has been good, but If I don't start working now I'll be dead next week :P
or Floor Manager
However while i would really like to be floor manager
08,01Chrysalis: we'vve already got a G&M actually
Lil_B: how so? :D
08,01so apply for floor
i dont think i could put together i strong enough application
Thank gawd practice got canned today. I was so happy when I got the message.
that being said
i am currently trying
MadSurge school Stuff... I tend to drag my work along for a long time, and this time it piled up way too much
where is my pencil?
I'm learning to draw ponies.
I don't even work there...
Lil_B, I know the feeling
me too ^^
Kawaii_icybeauti awesome :)
Kawaii_icybeauti: :O
found it :)
^_^ Home at last and back on my signal where I can open 50 windows without lagging the stream
I literally spent the weekend looking up turtorial and copying them.
Cypresswolf, wow. i want that processor ^^
FFFFFF
Invi: I say that because the house at Galveston has no internet so I used unsecured signals from neighbors who werent home >_>
lol cool
well not for them, but for you ^^
I'm sure they suspect something when they open the bill for this month <_<
ok applying for this job is harder
oh what job are you applying for?
Man, I feel young with the job talk :P
BUCK Comittee: Floor Manager
seriously, applying for the one which pays me was much easier
Let the bodies hit the floor.
/me slaps Jmo around a bit with a large trout
^That song might be in the tumbling portion of my cheer routine
:>
hehe
Baaa- *ahem* Hello everyone. How are you all today? :)
allo AJIsAwesome|Sheep
ohai AJIsAwesome|Sheep ...why you still a sheep?
out of idle time, and...time for a shower
There we go. :D
Fluffy, y u show me techsupportgore ;_;
brb
/me hugs Dken2021 and BladedWings :D
That and the intro to crazy train.
/me returns the favor :D
the crazy train of Ozzy? :3
lol siwwy AJIsAwesome ^_^
:3
Invi: Yes. It's my coach's thing. She does it every year.
is it ok to post links?
vidoes*
videos*
Think so.
It is never okay.
Jaymoo
D:
Jmo, because ruined computers
MaxTheBrony: Now, yes, but when the stream comes back....not okay.
Ah allright
Going through this section is hilarious fluffy.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-gEFv58vt2w&feature=g-u-u epic fan made Ac3 video :)
I requested narcistic cannibal to be there too, but we don't know botu our music till a few weeks. I should have requested pony music.....Like the discord song...
Jmo, you should go through r/shittybattlestations
D::
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hmDZz5pDOQ Moar intermission
must be off to class everypony, see yall later tonight ^_^
Bye, BladedWings. :)
I finished watching Elfen Lied this morning - Cat Planet Cuties, Witch Hunter Robin, Strike Wtiches vol 2 & Chobits left to watch
I forgot to log out of my youtube.....The history is queit interesting...
Eww it's an Allegr0
Cypresswolf: How was it?
Jmo: u so silly
Ew, a Jaymoo :3
:3
It brought forth Manly Tears :'(
ohai Allegr0
loving the stream atm...my favorite part of this movie
Hi, Allegr0! :)
hey all
I have to go now, or I will never look on Philosophy from which I have exam tomorrow :D cya
'Lo Allegr0.
silly Allegr0 heres no stream
Hi Allegr0
See ya, good luck with your exam!
I could watch my entire anime collection every free moment I have, and would probably take a whole month to watch it all
Cypresswolf: I saw death note on my vid history.
never got into Death Note - always came on too late while I was in college
I should watch Higurashi Rei again. I think I left off in episode 2?
thx ^^
Cypresswolf: It's from my closet-anime-fan brother
/me spots a Nittany_Discord
/me surpirse glomps Nittany_Discord
A WILD Nittany_Discord APPEARED!
/me 11,01hugs ASoftFluffyThing
/me dusts Nittany_Discord
11,01Oof.
11,01<3
11,01Thanks.
How are you doing, Nittany? :)
Welcome.
11,01I'm good.
Nittany_Discord: hello aniki
/me throws a ultra ball
11,01Hi Bronysith.
/me blocks the ball
/me 11,01brushes Bronysith and Kawaii_icybeauti
/me dusts Nittany_Discord
/me greets Nittany_Discord like a sir
its a Bronysith
/me brushes Nittany_Discord
11,01Am I that dusty that I need to be dusted off?
/me licks Allegr0
yes
o.0
/me 11,01greets Lil_B
I love the random RP!
^
this is not rp
11,01RP is discouraged here, you know.
this what we actually do when we meet
Nittany_Discord requires all the dustings. Because we love him.
sith actually licks people
Nittany_Discord: that last post irish_pony said gave me cancer
:D
/me dusts Nittany_Discord.
I know...But the randomness <3
/me licks Chrysalis i do to
and Nittany_Discord is REALLY dusty
No alexxm, you're the Bronystate Kidnapper for a reason.
Hello Nittany_Discord and Allegr0!
11,01Hi MadSurge.
hey MadSurge !
/me kidnaps ASoftFluffyThing and licks her
....
Kidnapping is bad, mkay?
AJIsAwesome! *hugs*
MadSurge! *hugs*
/me continues licking ASoftFluffyThing
...wat
Boy, that escalated quickly
-in aliens pose- Bronystate
/me twitches weirdly
I need muisc to calm down, but not something that puts me to sleep
SpadeMagnes[School]: get off your phone and study...you're in class :p
Kawaii_icybeauti: Muffins
/me slaps alexxm "NO!"
I dont have a phone
SpadeMagnes[School]: :O
what did i do AJIsAwesome
11,01Are you typing during lab?
AJIsAwesome: http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/cbe0ee10b985e3d0a8408a88f08561d2.png you're going to love this :D
Homeschooled
alexxm: Don't like people. :I
One of the many perks...
*lick
MadSurge: :D
why not AJIsAwesome
AJIsAwesome: Pinkie's ultimate prank... two Applejacks. :D
alexxm: Because it's invading their privacy... :3
AJIsAwesome: I wanna see Ninjazz' reaction too obviously :D
MadSurge: http://derpibooru.org/129860?scope=scpe667685fc4276ba8ce41bad81b3c4dd72ab46275c
Is there a a stream?
Nope. :)
a a nop
AJIsAwesome: the HNNNGH duo <3
Good. I can just plant this here http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efZ0n2jpPJw
back
http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-gWb9iVt2bhU/UIOC2JaZwQI/AAAAAAAAAcc/pccgsFsOlNI/s1600/rarity_happydance.gif
wb Socks
wb?
Welcome back, Socks. :)
Welcome back.
Ah :)
Chrysalis: Daww :D
/me puts on Socks
>_>
ASoftFluffyTHing: Not JAY-SUN!
http://9gag.com/gag/5654104 !
/me smile evilly
ASoftFluffyThing: I KNEW IT! It was the clown all along!!
Soon my plan will enter phase 3!
Press triangle to breathe
Vordox: you posted a 9gag link...you're no longer allowed here
:O
Oh snap.
/me 08,01is listening to the OST from The Dark Knight
You just got told.
Allegr0: I got feedback for you
Boom!
It's Aimed SPECIFICALLY at you
Powned, pony owned
ohai everypony!
11,01Press Q to me.
ohey Vordox, you dissappeared when I gave you the Link to my Vid
OMG
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xRZuPfWiJ4U
QQQQQQQQQ
Hey Michael
this is AWESOME
Lil_B: Must've fell asleep
08,01Vordox: my... brain...
/me 08,01explodes
/me stands next to Nittany_Discord
q
08,01q?
/me hugs Socks
que?
/me hugs back
/me is now doing Work to the Jim Power (PC-Engine) Version
music of*
Chrysalis: :D
11,01Now there are three of me!
wat
08,01http://imgur.com/e2Blo
I'm soooooooo borrrred :/
AJ dance for me :D
....
/me 11,01gives Crystaline_Shard a makeover
a
b
/me washes Nittany_Discord's car
hello everypony :)
hai BoroBrony
11,01Thanks MadSurge
Hey BoroBrony
11,01Hi BoroBrony
Hi, BoroBrony! :)
Awesome. Green mane!
Hi BoroBrony
/me puts Nittany_Discord in a maid corset
Screw the rules. I have green hair.
i feel so loved :D :D
/me 11,01blushes
/me gives BoroBrony love
Hello BoroBrony :)
hows is everyone been up to anything intresting :D
11,01At least I'm thinner.
Nittany_Discord: Nittany!
11,01Hey Mega_Milk.
Not much, been doing a hardcore run of Mass Effect, about it really.
Nittany_Discord: Are you still interested in becoming a black smith?
bye everypony
Bye, Invi. :)
Invi: Later.
Bye Invi
bye Invi !
bye Invi
Bye Invi
11,01Mega_Milk: Not sure.
Nittany_Discord: I am Iron edge just so you know......
Bai Invi~
damn FF7
bye Invi
Michael: what about one of the best final fantasies ever?
11,01I do have a job offer at a bank. I'm waiting for a call back. I'm also seriously considering joining the Air Force.
Bronysith: only the ruby weapon left
We need some music http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SCLtMcuxTNI
Pfft
Michael: have fun with that
FF11 is best FF.
Nittany_Discord: Thats kool
Nittany_Discord: I just wanted to re-assure you
Nittany_Discord: I can 100% guarantee you a job
11,01I'll keep in touch if nothing else works out. I've never tried manufacturing.
08,01Mega_Milk: fuck, i want to be a blacksmith!
Nittany_Discord: So im just being a net.
08,01i'll be a brown blacksmith
08,01Mega_Milk: why?
08,01i've actually done a bit of smithing in the past
08,01it was fun!
I know a woman who became a black smith, well know of, I think she spent like 6-7 years in school to qualify for a blacksmith traditional
08,01Mega_Milk: i can't imagine why i'd like that
08,01not sure if being sarcastic
Mega_Milk: Have you done my OC :D
08,01because that's like... my dream
13okay ponies, i'm going to do something crazy
Pink3: XD damnit!
Oh snap
08,01Shizuka: so call you maybe?
like wut
Shizuka: mix coke with pepsi?
Shizuka: Shoot somebody???!?
xD
ok Shizuka :D
do it
Shizuka: Ok ill help you hide the body....
08,01Bronysith: you whore!
Shizuka: brush your teeth then drink orange juice?
08,01you can't do that!
incoming crazy XD
I love crazy Shizuka
^
suddenly music O.o
/me note to self don't leave buffer stream volume on max, heart will thank me later
Video coming through?
08,01Shizuka: can only hear
Shizuka 'fraid not
08,01no video
yus
all we see is your steam window
13k
wait no
Need for Speed games are generally fun. especially underground & carbon :)
both of witch i enjoyed
Guess what
What?
which
dat buffer
My mates helped make that game
Oh, there we go
underground is best NFS
and are working on the new one
XD
Pfft, Most wanted.
Nuff said.
13attempting to get it to cap hot pursuit
13if this works it opens up a bunch of games i can stream that scrcap can't grab
Michael: sadly I don't like car games :|
Read that as hot fursuit briefly.
Chrysalis you said you worked as a Audio Technician
Lil_B that was my PT job at uni
13k starting again
im a programmer by trade
Well I beat the game with all three starter cars :D
never swaping for a new car
Meanwhile: we read whats on our minds, whats on yours :S
08,01???????
I'm back everypony.........!
08,01??? ????
Spectrum_Rush: Tea deficiency probably.
wb Dark92Enigma
Wb Dark92Enigma
08,01?? ?? ?? ???????? ??????? ??
Chrysalis can you give me a brief description of what you do as a Audio Technician?
shizumobile nope
how are things Dark92Engma
Hrm...
Still desktop Shizu.
hi Dark92Enigma
how are things Dark92Enigma
Desktop for me too
Lil_B depends on the event, iv worked with some artists
Meanwhile: next you'll tell me you're wearing a monocle
who wanted full setups, amps/speakers/desks
Welcome back, Dark92Enigma! :)
and others who were happy with the PA system we already had
Unless she has teh game running on her other monitor
hi
08,01no
Hi!
08,01i'm batman.
ha, i remember when i thought i would be a good programmer
how easily dreams shatter
how goes?
Kermit is best Batman.
08,01for some reason my terminal decided to output ?s for every key i typed
^^
CSS is my enemy lol
Buytoast if you put a little effort into it, programming isnt hard
Hey, everyone.
08,01Buytoast: i'm a good programmer
ASoftFluffyThing: Michael Lil_B alexxm AJIsAwesome i'm fine, and......i told my dad i'm a brony. HE.......:O took it better than i expected
08,01i'm also batman
Hi, DocSane. :)
Good, how are you doing?
i've been putting effort into it and i suck more ass than a sucker fish at the grand canyon
08,01Chrysalis: i'm indian.
hai DocSane
Dark92Enigma: Well, that's pretty good. :)
Anything planned for tonight?
Awesome, Dark92Enigma
damnit
i'm, just giving up on it
Dark92Enigma: Apparently he, like most people, honestly don't care.
Dark92Enigma i assume that means it went well
maybe treat it like a hobby
Chrysalis oh, ok I think i know now what they do, thanks (I'm just reallly intrerested in Audio)
08,01at first i thought i was a failure
/me hugs ASoftFluffyThing Michael Lil_B alexxm AJIsAwesome
08,01because i suck at maths
08,01i mean
Audio engineering is fun when you get to do the shows
usually its all the in built PA system
08,01whoever heard of an Asian who sucks at maths?
/me hugs Dark92Enigma
/me hugs Dark92Enigma back :)
i told my dad he was like cool i dont mind your still my son so i was like dam that was easy then i told my girlfriend i was a brony that was funny as hell LOL :D
which is a little dull
alexxm: yes, it did........he also confessed me that he used to like doll houses
08,01but then i discovered programming
alexxm: when he was a kid
but when you get to do a proper system, then you see a famous person use it
its awesome
Anything more than basic math to me is eveil and comes from Math Hell.
though ill warn you
ok then Dark92Enigma
evil*
Basshunter is a little.. enthusiastic
in thanking engineers
08,01i don't see why liking a cartoon show is such a big fucking deal that you need to "come out"
/me nomths ASoftFluffyThing
08,01with it
but they have the need to make it like that
alexxm hell, he even reminded me that i played with Sailor Moon figures when i was little (i don't regret it :))
6_9
doing ok thanks
People have this strange desire to make it seem like their lives matter.
otherwise it doesn't make tehm special snowflakes
Fuck knows why.
/me pokes Jmo
D:
08,01my parents have known about ponies for ages; i didn't so much tell them, as it just worked its way into our conversations
08,01Friendship is Insidious
Chrysalis I hope I can evolve like most people at the Uni... If I get that far, I really also finally wanna leanr how to Programm, the best educational system doesn't work if you are living your whole life a small Rural town
One meatbag is just as pointless as the next when you get down to it.
nobody is special
just asking :$
But people are weak and fragile and just can't exist without the idea that anyone gives a damn about them.
08,01Lil_B: you mean, this isn't even your final form?
Chrysalis sry , didn't wanted to write that much >.<
Lil_B i didnt actually change that much at uni
08,01Dark92Enigma: quite well, actually
Go fgiure.
figure*
all i did was get better at what i do
we're more bags of mostly water then meatbags
08,01i went to uni
08,01and became a hippy
lol
lawl
Spectrum_Rush: True, but waterbag doesn't have the same ring to it.
Lil_B Get a Raspberry pi and write a mini-game
LOL
I'm ok with them
FUS RO DAH :D :D :D :P
08,01you don't even need a raspberry pi
or look at tutorials
08,01download python and pygame
08,01write a game
08,01easy
we need everyone to get pi's
Chrysalis I can't write a single line of code... except Filter rules for Adhunter...
then we can say there is pi everywhere
08,01Chrysalis: what are we, the pi mafia?
Meanwhile: touchê
I learned as a teenager by messing around with c++
08,01it should be a Raspberry Tau, anyway...
Spectrum_Rush: Touché.
just read some books
The first rule of pi mafia
you DO NOT TALK about pi mafia
/me is lost now
DAMN YOU KEYBOARD
i gave up on an academic career with programming, but i'm still learning with books
Rule 2: GoTo Rule 1
books are your freinds you know
08,01okay everypony
I dont think I could ever do programming commercially, but as a hobby its great.
My dad works for the dude who developed the Rasberry Pi :P
Lil_B you can.
08,01from now on, i'm going to refer to the Raspberry Pi as the Raspberry Tau/2
He's called Jack
Lil_B you could
and is rather short
darn i'm bored
I have no idea what all this pi stuff is.
08,01because that's what it is
Meanwhile ultra cheap low power computer
Meanwhile, I don't either.
08,01Lil_B: buy rapsberry pi, buy batteries, but in a huge SD card
Good night guys :)
its £30 for a full linux box
Raspberry Pi isn't some amazing invention. It just takes what already exists and makes it accessible.
Night Max.
08,01add screen, etc.
11,01I like programming, but I'm sure I want a career in it.
Night MaxTheBrony
11,01*not
Gnight MaxTheBrony
I'm going to be idle for a bit. Later! XD
Meanwhile: ya know what hilarious to do that é all i had to do was hit alt e then e
Night, MaxTheBrony. :)
i love progamming
Spectrum_Rush: Mm.
08,01éek
bye MaxTheBrony
11,01I liked making things as a kid too.
is there a stream on?
08,01goddamnit, windows...
Bye!
I find it odd that I plan on building my own computer, but don't know a thing about programming and shit.
/me 08,01is on his mother's compuer
Bye Crystal_Pony
That's not programming that's more electronics
08,01ASoftFluffyThing: they are completely disparate things
Don't need to know much to build a computer though
I'm not leaving i'm saying bye to soemone else :D
ASoftFluffyThing I used to be the opposite, knew a lot about software related things but nothing about hardware.
Vivix its not that hard
11,01Put some parts together and install an OS. Easy.
damn, i wish i had a knife
or some pliers
conveniently all the ports are different shapes
11,01That's making a PC.
08,01Michael: out! get out!
Yeah, I do ite verytime I need a new computer
those would be nice too
LINUX IS THE SUPERIOR BEING!
08,01:P
08,01Socks: well, no, it's an operating system
still remember the win98 crash
No it is a being
13testing again
huh still no stream
08,01bitch, it's a kernel
I want Linux Mint or a light version of Ubuntu, and Dual Boot Windows for games
Putting a computer together with consumer parts is pretty trivial. Everything plugs into one another where its supposed to go.
08,01Lil_B: i use Xubuntu
10.30 is optimun dance starting time for russian dancing Pony :D :D
I was told that ArchLinux was favorable
08,01because XFCE is <3
shizumobileblack screen atm
archlinux is good.
I hear sound!
Game or chrome
You make it into what you want it to be.
08,01Vivix: whoever told you that clearly hates you
Hehe, maaybe~~ they were powernerds
Neither.... Hrm
random creepy music
Hear sounds Shizuka but no image
Black screen.
...ok apparently theres a dating sim where you date pigeons...PIGEONS?! :D
Its a romhack, kinda
Well I better be going FTM bye all.
08,01Lil_B: it's personal preference; i'm not a big fan of LXDE
Sketch_Toku_Brony: YOu haven't known about that? :D
I wish it did date pidgeons-
Bye, Socks. :)
inmense hiatus right there
/me rides a lion off into the sunset
bye Socks
Bye socks!
AJIsAwesome: no i just saw PBG's vid of it :D
And yet pony fans are somehow reviled.
Phase lied to me about this being able to cap fullscreen games...
08,01Vivix: pigeons are delicious
^
brb
Last linux I used was Mandrake on KDE, needless to say, I'm so out of the loop
I saw an image now!
D=!
And sometimes, they come with notes attatched :'(
Oh well, there's enough pigeons to go around, I suppose
13that would have been chrome
08,01Vivix: i started out on Lindows, of all things
The last linux I used was ubuntu on my old laptop like 5 years ago before I accidentially formatted it.
08,01this was about 10 years ago
Ubuntu looks so weird these days.
08,01then i tried Mandrake
Lindows? Never heard of O.o
08,01Vivix: now called Linspire
Never heard of that either.
Ah, Mandrake was my father|s favourite, so I used that, did try some red |hat, but th|ey kinda vanished
I used ReactOS once, but the person who told me about it kinda Lied :/
08,01it was trying to be the easiest to use Linux distro
08,01heh, ReactOS is a great idea
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m1px2zhocI1qbrjx2o1_400.gif
I had a friend, who changed distro once a week, he had no programs because he spent most of his time formatting and reformatting
08,01FOSS, windows binary compatible OS
Chrysalis: :D
Vordox oh, btw have you seen the vid now or not? I would really like to show it to you :P
Chrysalis, Obama's got some swag
AJIsAwesome ikr
Lil_B: Kinda crunching Unity3D atm
The only other OS I remember from childhood is O/S2
:D Swag!
Vordox np
well, that and Amiga os
I know someone who bought a really old Machine for Analysis and had to use OS/2 to run it xD
I was using an Amiga 4000 up till 2000.
Lil_B: Unless you know Unity3D scripting :P
Amiga OS still exists... Amiga OS 4.1 come out one ort 2 years ago
08,01aye
We had Amiga 500 and Amiga 1200, and MZ Sharp 700 (I think), Commodore 64 and 64C(I thiink)-
growing up with nerds
Vordox I couldn't even stript 1D
Lil_B: It's a nice thought, but I came to terms with Amiga's death years ago.
why do I had to group up on a farmers viallage >.<
☭ ☭ ☭
Fiirst OC I remember was windows 3.11
OS*
grow*
08,01new amiga: http://www.technobuffalo.com/desktops/commodore-launches-new-amiga-gaming-pc-alongside-a-c64-remake/
BoroBrony I dare you to use the other Symbols you find in that Font
First computer I ever used for real was a Commodore PET.
I hearda bout that, but isn't it more or less completely unrelated to the old machines?
wow
hell no Lil_B
BoroBrony good
Commodore PET? Hn, never tried one of those
I was--5-6 at the time
Anyone here having experience on SSD drives not showing up at boot configuration in bios?
11,01Didn't know Commodore was still in business.
am not into that stuff Lil_B i was born in germany and have been called all sorts by people because i am aryan
08,01the first operating system i used was CP/M
They were purchased by somebody
08,01on an Intertec Superbrain
08,01used a zilog z80 processor
Nittany_Discord they did filed bankrupcy in 94 actually, that surprises me too...
I think some german compy bought the logo and name
Commodore PET was the immediate predecessor of the Vic 20. Was an all-in-one: green screen monitor, tape drive, and keyboard in a beige wedge.
08,01for comparison: the z80 is the chip that the Sega Genesis used as its sound processor
ohh tape drive
BoroBrony and I am a full German :/
Holla everypony! :)
We used to put our Commodore tapes in the taperecorder for funny noises
Had a staggering 8K or RAM running on a .5 MHz processor.
hai GilDash
GilDash! :$
hello GilDash
hey GilDash :)
'Lo GilDash.
so much computing, i like it!
Hi, GilDash. :)
08,01also, if anyone owns a TI graphing calculator of TI-83 or above, and below a TI-89, it uses a zilog Z80 CPU
It's--bizarre to think about
why the hell did I buy these shoes :<
they are evil
11,01I've used a TI-89.
Lil_B aesome i lived there for 14 years because my dad was posted there for the british army
What kind of shoes are they?
08,01the TI-89 uses a motorola M68000 processor
11,01Actually, I own a broken one.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commodore_PET
11,01Hi GilDash.
08,01this is the same processor as the Genesis used as its main processor
08,01also, it's the same processor used by the first macintosh
Nittany_Discord: Holla! :)
Oh, sorry. It has 4K and a 1 MHz 6502 CPU.
08,01Nittany_Discord: i own a TI-89 Titanium
boots with a one-inch heel
08,01i've harly ever used it
Tech talk... I expect I'll be lost before long.
08,01i learned assembly on a 6502 based machine
GilDash, dahling: http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/1f6afa1308136e1377bcb528b1dfa187.jpg :3
almost every 8-Bit Machine used the 6502 as far as I know
Assembly? Now that's something that always scared me away from coding
Oh, what is specifically bugging you with them?
08,01it was a very popular chip
MadSurge: She certainly looks ready for action. ;)
I'm not used to heels at all so they always kill my feet >_>
08,01Vivix: assembly is actually dead easy
08,01unless you're doing x86 assmeply
That's what they say- it probably is if I tryy, but- it looks daunting
GilDash: I know she's you're favorite :)
hey there everypony
*your
08,01Vivix: if you want to learn assembly, learn MIPS32 assembly
Hai Sonny
MadSurge: You'd better believe it. Dashie's awesome. :)
Wb Sonny!
08,01it's still used, and it's dead easy to learn
It's like all the pressure goes to the ball of my foot
:D thanks
hai Sonny
hi there Michael
well, I guess one thing that came out of the Country life is that I may know Gardening and Crops better than other Nerds
how are things Sonny
is there a stream
not bad at the moment alexxm
Maybe- I wouldn't mind messing around with more stuff
I know, heels can be so painful.
don't think so
hey Sonny!
To be fair, if you're driving a tank they'd have to be mad to attack you... that would keep the peace faily well.
08,01Lil_B: ha! yes, i can sympathise with you there...
I was always fascinated by the step like- how programming languages are made, how you create them, but I never learned about it
*fairly
All my other shoes are so ugly though =.
*=/
/me 08,01grew up in a tiny village in the scottish countryside
hey Lil_B :D
08,01how the hell did ibecome an utter nerd...
They're dirty and covered in salt from last winter
Sunshine and sci-fi movies
It doesn't help me that my ankles are like jello, and give out randomly while I'm walking in heels.
or gaming
So of course I had to pick heeled ones to replace them XD
08,01seriously, the height of technological adancement where i grew up was generally using top-bar hives instead of the dome ones...
Yeah, that happens to me too <_<
Everyone in my family of the gender male are nerds
My ankles give out randomly anyway, but with heels especially.
YAY NERDS
but- I'm interested in programming and computer, but- I guess I fell out of the nerd crowd ages ago-
08,01i want some honey
08,01brb
I've not had honey in ages.
my parents are nerds
I don't know enough about it, I know how to build code without--tutorials and stuff, but that's about it
Maybe these are for people who sit at desks all day and don't walk around too much
nerd parents are fun
I don't think I'll be able to get to the gym tonight. (*BLARG*)
Vivix how? how can one learn to code without a tutorial?
Hm?
Vivix: IKR?
Sometimes better looking shoes come at a price, sadly.
Well I got a lot of the patterning from Cpp, but for JS I ask people when I'm stuck, and read up on W3C definitions
that's about it
Yeah :(
...I think I should gom out and plant potatoes...
I do read articles to understand Arrays and such- because that baffled me, and I did read a tut on drawengines to see--what was normal
Lil_B: then make some chips from the potatoes
but once you get commands and definitions and the--basic flow down, you just think "how do I solve this"-- it comes a bit easier
JS is easy though, I guess
Hard to master, but easy to--begin with?
all I can do is **div[id*="adv"] and similar Stuff to black ads or block whatever else I want
aah
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1350896578982.png dat luna pony tail
How about now
:o
I started learning java script about two months ago to make a paintchat without plugins-
who's streaming? o 3o
Michael I'm currently growing 16-Bit Potatoes to get some Blast Processing
Oh look, it finally worked.
oh, is this Goldeneye for the Wii?
Actually working?
Yep
yuss
Looks like it.
Yay
How's quality
who's the streamer
Pretty good.
Bronysith luna is awesome :D :D
Shizu is
I have no preview here so
this looks like a pretty wierd version of Goldeneye
I couldn't possibly wear stilettos, my ankles and feet would be dead by the end of the day. XD
is this one of those russian hack things?
Can read the text on the news bulletin easy enough.
BoroBrony: but so is Celestia. :P
yay cars
Bronysith how can Luna get a Ponytail? Her Hair looks like Purple Plasma
wait a second
MadSurge: Agreed.
Let's see how it does
WAIT A SECOND
this isn't Goldeneye
Lil_B: like this? http://i.imgur.com/pjj6z.jpg
true MadSurge true you speak words of wizdom :D :D
I didn;t know there was Knightrider game
Need For Speed
Yeah, I thought these would be okay since they're not like that
quick, make the robot jump the car
Michael: that looks like something Derpy or Pinkie would be able to do :D
Turn into Optimus Prime and fight Megatron.
Do people just train themselves to wear them, or are they always this painful?
00,10rendered with mario paint
MadSurge: because potato is best external drive
Michael you know what they say, the dumbest Farmers grow the biggesdt Potatoes, and mine can hold a 1TB
BoroBrony: I like both princesses. :)
Having flashbacks tot he early days of streaming video
Rendered with lego.
Sumica: its like one of those mosaics made of a buncha pics
Michael: just keep it in the fridge to avoid it rotting
same here MadSurge but i am more luna republic :D :D
So verdict is fuzzy
Yeah when it gets active it goes giant pixels.
Hello everyone :)
only when moving Shizuka
hai pony_3699
Hi, pony_3699. :)
It's great as long as not much is happening. Which kinda goes against the point.
00,10it's handeling the compression suppriseingly well thought
hello pony_3699 :)
Sumica Mario Paint Rocks
K let's see what I can do
Unbearable?
Im new here :) How do you change your name?
It doesn't lag or tear it's just...blocky.
slash nick
pony_3699: Use /nick and enter your new nick :)
00,10yeah
pony_3699: Welcome to Bronystate, type /nick
00,10it's not too bad realy
s
Will try that, sec
00,10would need to up the keyframe intervals
Also I think you should see pic when I alt tab
At least that's what I think. Considering feet aren't naturally that shape, I find it hard to imagine someone would find heels comfortable.
That one tart from NGE. Yeah.
13oh ffsplit was still running 1440, dxtory is outputting 640
:O Asuka!
13ffsplit was probably trying to scale up then squish back down for mips
I don't have to; I just liked how they looked
What happening on Friday?
Much better now, Shizu.
Now I'm thinking about just wearing tennis shoes every day :P
etter
Better
640x900 video?
nice!
Yay
hey Shizuka can i add you on NFS?
Yeah that's significant improvement.
Now we can sort of see what's happening
KamiShizuka is me unfound
Is Nittany_Discord here?
'Scuse me a moment, folks. I have to go drag a kayak under my back porch.
well is he?
I need to ask him somthing :3
Send him a PM
oh ye
ok
How to PM
Pop quiz.... How do I accepted invite...
teach meh ashie-poo
11,01Hi Sonny.
Newfoals can't PMforce.
Joomay
hi Nittany_Discord
1st
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: More Information on the MLP Gameloft Game
00,10outputing 640 is fine Shizuka, it is the embed size
u delete system 32
00,10it's matching emputs you need to do
omai.
then rub a strong magnet on the side of your computer
1/230 of work done... let's move over too my presentation about mercury :/ (the element)
I was wondering if you'd like your oc to do anything specific :p? Nittany_Discord
Lil_B: Hg?
11,01No.
GilDash gesundheit
Yeah they're all matched now sumi
Lil_B: Mercury. Chemical symbol Hg.
GilDash yes, sry I was in a yardfools mood :P
Nittany_Discord: alright, do I need to give him that jacket that was displayed in the picture as well? or any cloths?
some tennis shoes can look nice >.>
That may be the way to go. Although if you want nice looking shoes, you could always consider flats.
I was gonna add the jacket to it
but I wasn't sure if you'd like that or not
Actually I tend to avoid flats because they give me blisters on the backs of my heels :(
btw Sonny how did the picture end up?
11,01He normally doesn't wear the vest, but you're OK with drawing him wearing that.
Oh, that sucks.
sure ^^
You know I was going to say that it does..
I guess tennis shoes it is then.
Lil_B: wich one?
Yep XD, kind of limits what I can wear I guess
awww
Sonny the one you were working on when I and Adam were in the chat
oh that one
want the link?
urgh, looks like someone hacked minecraft.com
Cades, kind of, these ones that I bought yesterday are just kind of evil :P
derp
.net
Sonny yeah, (I thought I already had you wacthed :/ )
Shizu in dat squad car.
haha
lol sec
This should be interesting :3
Phase4: say waaaaaaaaaat
Spectrum_Rush, it may actually be just my machine
GET HIM Shizuka
which is incredibly anoying
These http://maur.imageg.net/graphics/product_images/pMAUR1-12838696v275.jpg
ah
no... https://minecraft.net/ nvm
how he crap did i get to this page then
It seems that Shizu is chasing the latest person to dislike Vi's wubs.
Those do look nice... Though... XD
that's probably a bit higher than an inch actually...
Justice will be served :3
:D
hahaha
hi everypony :) is this the new CoD? :O
Hi, cachi01. No, it isn't. :D
hai cachi01
ping me if you need me, I'll be drawing Nittany_Discord drawing now :)
Phase4: i think it is down
emp? wuuuuut
yeah its cod
Hi everypony :)
hi thelonepony :)
OOO WHATS DIS?
Hi, thelonepony. :)
Hello thelonepony
hai thelonepony
>Has an EMP in it >Automatically CoD
DED
sonicandmario85: CoD: Black ops 2
You disgust me >:l
Got him :3
DashWithRainbows: i love you too
:3
Ew, gay.
Shizu is the Law.
^
^^
shizumobile: BRINGING DOWN THE LAW
08,01it's not gay unless the balls touch.
Hi cachi01 AJIsAwesome Michael :3
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1350935790234.jpg
hi thelonepony
THIS ISNT COD ITS NEED FOR SPEED
oh god wut SafariMonkey
Hi Lil_B :3
Ooooooooo
sonicandmario85: YOU DONT SAY
Ohai thelonepony :)
Need for Cod.
Hi Colt_Brovakiin :)
:3
08,01i have a friend called Bob Ball
because every policeman have one of those
08,01every time he shakes his uncle's hand
hai Colt_Brovakiin
08,01it's gay.
Anypony else have this?
08,01every time he hugs his mum
It's the thrilling narrative about a law enforcement officer who has to drive a fish delivery truck.
08,01it's gay.
Hai there Michael :)
the best one is need for speed world because its multiplayer and you can do whatever the fuck you want
But yeah, generally if it has heels, I wouldn't consider wearing it for long periods of time like going to work or school.
huh theres a new need fot speed?
ANYONE ELSE HAVE THIS GAME MESSAGE ME
Chrysails
Chrysalis: wat game is it?
need for speed
Bronysith: need 4 speed hot persuit
i have it for xbox360 Chrysalis
need for speed world is the best because its multiplayer and you can mess with whatever the fuck you want XD
alright, back from shower and lunch, what's the topic now?
ninja car
sonicandmario85: n4s world seems cool
Cars, Dken2021.
Wb Dken2021
Dken2021: the new CoD
cachi01:you can race your friends and stuff
wb Dken2021 :)
Lil_B: did you find it?
yes, and I watche you now
chachi01:theres also NPC cars you can fuck around with LOL
YAY
all you do is ram into them
shame my pc cant handle it :/
Sonny I like your Artstyle
mine either
sonicandmario85 they're NPC, their main job is to fuck you over, no matter what game genre
lol
Lil_B: thank you :D
RUN SHIZU RUUUUUN
cachi01:i was able to play it on my laptop
dat fake out
I'm still devolopping tough :3
:O
Lil_B: thanks, made my day ^^
oh you did some arts Sonny?
Sonny really? thanks xD
no one can stop Shizu
Shizuka: is breaking the law LIEK A BAWS
:33
08,01my god
08,01i love yoghurt
Dken2021:the NPC cars do nothing but drive around in need for speed world
emp inbound
08,01fuck
Hi Everypony
08,01yoghurt is amazing
103 killstreak
Hi Coldays :)
I have to wonder if the crime commited is just reckless driving.
Hi, Coldays. :)
ello Coldays
hai Coldays
Ohai Coldays
how've you been Coldays
hi Coldays :)
Dken2021:so you can fuck them over LOL
damnit, now I want Yogurt xD brb
Vordox: pony yoghurt?
08,01Vordox: pony covered in yoghurt
DERP
must taste like egoraptor
08,01i get to lick it off.
Aww shizumobile .
Stopped by random traffic.
random car
I've heard of greek yogurt, heard it's like really healthy
08,01Dken2021: it's really not
08,01it's the opposite of healthy
08,01it's fattening
Great now that i just got off school and you alexxm
As usual the law proves it's job can be done better by a random guy in a pickup.
i'm good Coldays
huh, then I guess my cousin was wrong then
Vordox: pony*
yogurt used to be healthy then they put fattening things in it
08,01Vordox: no, i'd be licking yoghurt off a pony
Why...?
08,01sonicandmario85: yeah, like yoghurt.
is yoghurt and yogurt both diffrent things?
08,01Vordox: can you honestly tell me you've never wanted to lick greek yoghurt and honey off Princess Celestia?
X3
08,01what the hell kind of brony are you?
omg
ouch
Dken2021 a friend of mine bought a greek kinda yogurt, smelled awesome and it had honey in it
WREKED
Headbutt.
omg indeed
Get fruity ones
Then again, I work in retail. Walking around a store all day in heels doesn't entirely seem fun.
Damnit, now I can't get that out of my mind
08,01Bronysith: you sick bastard!
Like Fanta/ZIngo + Peach/Pear Ice cream
08,01doesn't like greek yoghurt...
13that was a bit evil of me <3
Well Bronysith, I guess you'll have to settle for a different cream, DOHOHOhoho
YES U R A BRONY
Was a bit evil of that guy in the pickup whose bumper you wrecked...
08,01>not a brony
Vivix: ifyouknowwhatimean
08,01>on bronystate
/me 08,01buys toast
what now?
i'm not a brony
Vordox just a month ago you said "I'm th oldest Brony, I watched MLP since G1"
You never know.
Sprite/lemon ice cream is best combo
Buytoast: That's the point :P
Shizuka: Im so confused.....are you shizuka or is shizumobile shizuka??
08,01Bronysith: and throw you to the lesbians?
Chav stop trying to be smart.
13shizumobile is phone
Yeah I was a brony before bronies existed, therefore I cannot hold the title of Brony :P
/me slaps DashWithRainbows around a bit with a large trout
Ah
brb dinner
Bronysith, wink wink nudge nudge
/me eats Jmo's trought
Vordox: you are a fan of G4? then you are a brony
Shizuka:you should play need for speed world too its fun XD you can fuck over other NPC cars and race with your friend or whatever
Joomay still smarter than you'll ever be :>
The hell is a trought.
cachi01: I'ma fan of G1
Dumb dumb
08,01Finite Brony State Machines
Pffft
Go back to school and graduate.
you can like teh show and not be a brony cachi01
Implying I went there in the first place, Joomay
Remember
that's like saying all german's are nazis
I'm a chav
(\* to Buytoast
Vordox I can't even blame you for anything, I don't call ymself a Brony eather :P
Buytoast i know. bronies are FANS
Touche.
FANS
FANATICS
OF mlp
DashWithRainbows never really pictured you as a chav type
LOL
Shizuka is best driver
All day erryday DWR is wearing burberry
^
Buytoast: watching it doesnt mean u r a bronie. you must be a FAN of it
^^
brony*
My grandma bought my sister some boots
and im all like.. those are prostitute boots.
Most labels are things you take
catch him now!
GO SHIZU GO!!
and my grandma says "they are not! they are pretty!"
my mom comes in
and im like, mom, what do those boots look like to you
"they look like postitute boots"
lol
sorry bout that sugercubes <3
YES FIRST
back
Wb Sonny
Driving games are more fun to watch than they are to play surprisingly.
:3
DAM
thank you
LAWL Unfoundbug :D
wb Sonny :3
Meanwhile: ikr
gf Coldays :D
Meanwhile: true
Mainly because I suck at driving games.
Like, terribly. Utterly awful. I drive like a squid with mittens on.
WHERES MCDONALDS WHEN YOU NEED IT?
LUCKY HIT shizumobile !
08,01DashWithRainbows is so chavvy, he even has a wee Burberry bowtie
stalking children sonicandmario85 where else?
>_<
cachi01: :D
08,01Vordox: what did you say?
Insta Fruit Milkshake
U HAPPY NAO, JOOMAY?
08,01Vordox: i have no idea what fruity soda is
ROFL
So happy.
Vivix: No :p
Yes Victory!
fruity soda?
08,01i'm going to mix it with irn bru
08,01you bastards.
that happens to all the fantas and stuff heeere
20 seconds. Destroyed much.
08,01i'm going to use vanilla icecream and irn bru
ooh, I could go for a fanta
08,01this is going to end badly
Meanwhile All because of that incredible hit into the wall
DWR: Indeed.
yea fanta would be nice right about now
I've done this with coca cola and vanilla icecream, HORRIBLE mistake- but maybe it'll work with fruity
Vivix: NEVER WITH COLA
Cola is yucky
IT WAS HORRIBLE ;__;
08,01i think the icecream would curdle and make bits that float to the top of the glass
You need something with..."TASTE":P
It did, in cola's case
I am really unclear about where the line is between normal and "prostitute boots" :P
it like, seperated
/me speaks like silverspoon
that sounds delishous-
wow-spelling
Like, I guess if they're black and go up to your knees and have like 3 inches of heel they would look like that
good choice
look at dem fancy cars i cant afford
lamborghini :)
08,01Vordox: not sure if trust
08,01but i'll try it
OOOOOPS
FAIL
...
Foam
you crazy scandinavians, just putting Ice in everythgiung because there is so much snow :P
OUCH
It'l fizzle :P
exactly.
Yeah.
Buffering. Just me?
thats a prostitute boot.
nah me to
or was
I'm buffering as well.
Refresh cleared it.
sagnip
Kintobor
cinos
sliat
im shure this rocks on PC :)
yma
gib
Coldays: remember, you'll eat it up. ALL OF IT
It's so damn tasty if you mix it with the right taste. <3
cinolb
indeed i will
But never use neutral stuff(Or Yucky, like Cola)
Faen er du skandinavisk?
Vivix: Ja, så? =P
05Vordox: those drinsk are awesome
Everuwjiiir
dat spanish
slialb
Wrek: Yeah. <3 I forgot the names of it though
Vi er overalt for tiden
05ja vordox är skandinavier
It had a specific names,
> New Age Retro Hippy appeared
Like "Smushiesoda"
Or something
Vordox: where i buy mine its called bingsodas lol
I think I'll try that though, with a proper soda
Mixing icecream is fun
Oh god, so excited for The Lich
This game needs some more people.
cachi01: That weird name :P
Back.
The promo scared the hell out of me
Yay, Wrek!
http://i.imgur.com/kRREE.jpg
Vordox: bing is the name of the ice cream store lol
wb ASoftFluffyThing :3
Wb ASoftFluffyThing
08,01huh
/me hugs Michael and thelonepony
Good job Chrysalis.
/me boops ASoftFluffyThing
Michael: Daww :D
And even that couldn't make it a good game.;
Heyooo.
Well guys, Goodnight!
Meanwhile: Ikr :D
Night, Vivix. :)
Night Vivix.
Gnight Vivix
Night Vivix :)
Anypony have this?
Goodnight Vivix :)
/me waves and hugs aaaalll~~
11,01Later Vivix.
Laater
http://i.imgur.com/TJOuS.png
2nd place youll get him this time just dont go off the edge
anyone here got hot persuit and wants to play
who will be the next victim?
OMG Michael dat Chrysalis
Vordox: i love it :)
Michael: dat celestia
wow, thats a really cute Chrysalis
08,01Bear McCreary wrote th soudntrack to a game
08,01no idea which one
08,01he was the guy who wrote the BSG sountrack
hey hey
Hey hey Paspie!
Hi, Paspie. :)
Hi Paspie :)
Heya Paspie :)
allo Paspie
hai Paspie
08,01# you've got sucker's luck / have you given up? #
Hi Paspie
08,01oh nice!
Great to see I'm recognised from only only pony forum I'll on :P :D
08,01hey Paspie
hi Paspie :)
*the only
http://i.imgur.com/VsoA4.jpg
/me boops Jmo
/me 08,01can play Exile vilify on the piano
uh oh its that fuzz
/me 08,01loves being able to pick up how to play music just by listening to it
Michael: a one piece reference?
Play for Japan... I so want this Album, but I can't get it because it's only on iTunes :(
so what game is this?
thelonepony: yes :)
yay :3
i dont know?
you should just sit infront of it insted of on it
I'm still trying, but ... I don't know what I'm during wrong... exept not enough practise
Michael: :D
lol I found this guy and his first name is Spyros haha
http://i.imgur.com/dhLFz.jpg
What game is this?
Mario Ponies are Awesome!
ASoftFluffyThing: NFS hot pursuit
Michael, hokay. Thankies
loose those cops man!
derp
argh!
sorry was afk
>_>
08,01so i just found my best friend's band on spotify
wb Sonny :3
thank you
08,01wait, i said it wrong
:)
Wb Sonny
so it begins O_O
thanks
:D
08,01i just found my best friend from when i was at school's band on spotify
08,01he got signed last year
Michael: I just realized something about that picture. :D
what?
As long as I watch 3 eps tomorrow I'll have completed the entire series in exactly a month...not much else to talk about though that isn't too stereotypical newbie-ish
13nopony else has this?
Aj In a Dress AJIsAwesome :3
Sadly, no
Not that, thelonepony> :D
Nope.
oh :D
Looks fun, though
what? AJIsAwesome
Hes probably Greek
Awww :<
yes tell us
Spiro is a greek name I believe
what
i must know
sometimes spelled with a Y
Michael: Daisy dosen't get a lot of development in the Mario franchise, and AJ's wearing a Daisy dress. :D
oh :D
AJIsAwesome: coincidence or just accuracy?
well that was a catchy tune
Michael: *shrugs* :P
yeah he is
my little pony my little pony
http://i.imgur.com/9uA9L.jpg *squee*
Michael: D'aww :3
thtas sooo cute
Michael: so cute :3
:) dat pinkie is cute
too cute
Too kyuuuuu <3
more pinkie in season 3!!
ohai tavi_lover :3
Nov 10 feals so far away:'(
so true
Coldays it's just a few weeks
patience my fellow bronies
Oops
FAIL
more season 3 in pinkie!!
princess luna can send ponies to the sun...
omg
celestia can send ponie to the dungeon
realy
http://i.imgur.com/tnl6U.png
for 1000 hour
s
08,01spoiler alert: if anyone discusses season 3, even in jest, they will be permabanned
Awwwwww
threeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesoooooooooooooooooooooooome.
d'awwwwwww
13sigh... sister has earache, has been whining for three hours now
ever more kyuuuu <3
08,01:(
rainbow dash: are u a spy?? pinkie pie: mayyybeeee
i feal your pain Shizuka
/me slaps cachi01 "No."
Her whining is what's causing the earache.
Shizuka: well, she's still in the age to do that :|
tro
lol
yea younger siblings are anoying sometimes but i love my lil sis to death
true coldays
Coldays: .....nah
Coldays: true.
Coldays: yeah
well, Gnight everypony *yawns* gtg sleep
i dont like my little bro. the end
Night, Michael. :)
bye Michael
Night, Michael
cya Michael :)
Night Michael :)
bye Michael !
aww well bye Michael
AJIsAwesome: you got a big brother and a little sister?
cmc next episode predictions go!!!
/me kidnaps thelonepony
bye Michael
i do
Oh no, just 2 brothers.
Middle child of the family.
:3 kidnap
tavi_lover: u r summoning le ban hammer
no why?
ive got 2 bro's and 2 sis
AJIsAwesome: you still are the Applejack of the family :D
tavi_lover: we cant talk about season 3
not even predictions
i got two bros
:(
MadSurge: .........I seriously didn't realize that.
:D
only child here
yea one older and one yonger
AJIsAwesome: :D
You learn something new everyday, I guess.
Got one almost-18 little brother :)
The soundtrack to any racing game should be the same one as Redline now a days
11 year old brother here. annoying as hell
hiya who isplaying?
oh it's Shizuka and Chrysalis
hi otakon :) Shizuka
shizuka
hi otakon
cachi01: they all go through that phase.
how are things otakin and i think it's Shizuka playing
Hello otakon!
Hi, otakon. :)
alexxm: GameFAQs is down and so are a lot of other sites
and Minecraft as well
any idea why otakon
otakon: wait wut
yeah
cachi01: yeah
look it up
Amazon C2 crashed or some such
boy i hope you people take good care of your teeth
Heya otakon
because this pain is excruciating
took out Reddit, Imgur, GameFAQs
hiya Coldays
atleast not gamespot
dammit tab fail I mean Colt_Brovakiin
Buytoast: oh yeah, I like having my teeth :D
Hiya otakon
OH MY GOSH AUTO RACING YES! <3 <3 :D :) You guys put a smile on my face today!
just have any cavities ripped out
Hi Kurra :)
C8
believe me, it's better than having half your face swell up
GameFAQs is hosted on Amazon's EC2 service, and enough of our servers are on one of the zones suffering an outage to cause the whole thing to lock up. You've probably noticed that quite a few other sites and services are impacted as well.
how've you been Kurra
damn
today has been good...
08,01lolEC2
08,01i'm on EC2
hi Kurra :)
08,01BUCK's website is hosted on an EC2 instance
biked a few miles...
Hi, Kurra. How are you today? :)
am goodly, mostly.
-crawls back in-
and D:
hi Domo :)
is this... what is this, Need for Speed something?
Ouch Hi Domo :)
Hi, Domo. :)
OW SUSPENSION COMPONENTS
Hello~
damn it
Kurra: n4s hot persuit
Hai Domo :)
yeah i think it is Kurra
08,01nope, BUCK is still up
08,01http://www.bronyuk.org/
Buytoast: my mom had trouble with her wisdom teeth, my dad had to replace teeth as an adolescent because he wouldn't brush them, and lil' bro had loooong milk teeth roots :D
lol look at this
(Update - 12:03PM PST) There are news stories about this popping up all over, and there's nothing we can do until it's fixed. So, in the meantime, feel free to go browse Reddit, or play some Minecraft... Oh, wait...
aww if only i be in UK
And now I can actually see the stream lol
and oh man this racing game <3
ollo Domo
its beutiful issnt it
CRAAAAASHEEEEDDDD
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Story Updates October 22 (Afternoon)
have you upload the pictures already Domo?
The only one that is saved is Lyra's :U -goes and gets the link-
OMG Silent Ponyvill
silent ponyhill?
i'd just like to get this thing ripped out MadSurge
silent pinyvilles still going?
Not unlike a plague.
it's been practically rotten for a few years and now i've got an infection because of it
/me marks AJIsAwesome and theloneopny with his Dashie scent marker! And marks his own neck.
/me is now scented
Buytoast: Eh?
a tooth
Buytoast: my wisdom teeth act up sometimes, that's it
theloneopony Kurra ? :P
thelonepony: http://s.anipan.com/images/artwork/100/wmtn-by-16628-at-anipan.jpg
thanks Domo :)
those boots look pretty expensive
half my face is swelled up with gunk from the damn thing
for that equestria daly contest someone should make a story of ponys in dead space
Welcome :3~
hiya again Domo
there's already one Coldays
not a story
an animation!
otakon: Hi~ c:
where i must read
makin' people essentially smell like cucumber, grapefruit, and CHAMPAGNE cx
Dead Space. That game was daft.
thelonepony, that cx
:D
it's probably somewher buried in teh annals of Sir Dragonfondler's Chamber of Tricky Delights
13let's see
hey Shizuka did I miss anything else last night after Titanic?
otakon: nope
otakon: your pain makes me happy
they were like $40
why^
Bronysith: oh it's you... I'm not in pain go play Corpse Party ya nut
13would ponies be able to stand crysis on shizu difficulty?
more than I usually spend on shoes but relatively not too bad
Depends, what's shizu difficulty.
yes
Sure.
Shizuka: sure!...wats shizu difficulty?
is Con*Tact caffeine scent marker, i love it forevers
13overinflated recharge times >>
otakon: corpse party looks awesome. is it?
13i'm in it for the environment and story
So easy mode.
cachi01: not my kind of game
13easier than easy mode really >>
Meanwhile: nothing wrong with easy mode
of about Crysis on Fraser mode?
otakon: well. scary?
I didn't say there was otakon, shove off.
13anyway lets see how it handles
Shizuka: its still Crysis so its fun to look at :)
cachi01: why can't I play it on the PS3, I don't want a PSP!
Seriously, why must you jump like a rabid dolphin whenever I ask questions to someone with two x chromosomes.
It's really starting to get on my tits.
cachi01: yh but it seems full of hate as well it's not just scary, it seems to be just awful for the sake of being awful
Meanwhile: wat? I just said there is nothing wrong with easy mode is all....
08,01Chrysalis: what?
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Drawfriend Stuff #603
08,01Chrysalis: by whom?
08,01lemme guess, mav?
i missed out some details cause i rushed it :(
13should i start new?
08,01Chrysalis: then you're doing it wrong
otakon: And I never mentioned that there was. At all. Ever. You want to play easy mode then play easy mode. I just wanted to know what difficulty it was on.
08,01ah
Time to go home, bbl
If you want to, Shizuka.
^
^^
otakon: mmm well scary pics or is it just scary 32 bit corpses?
is this the crisis with the super sute
Meanwhile: okay? I wasn't trying to give you grief or nothing, sorry.
wow old school crysis?
crysis <3
Coldays: lol
Coldays: yep lol
whos streaming?
SHizu.
Shizuu~
Shizuka: but you need a tower made from magical obsidian by the dwarves of Middle Earth and powered by the ghosts of scientists to run Crysis....
^
i played the second one but not the first
my laptop can run crysis
All settings are maxed out except as
the first is on LIVE now
otakon: They said that Crysis 3 is going to be like that again
and PSN
Er... AA
oni_link: dear lord
whoa, why so pixelly?
hi oni_link
11,01Crysis was a decent game. I was never super-wowed by it.
Kurra: stream quality suffers is all
the stream downgrrade of graphis doesnt do this game justice
otakon: that or just a ps3
dat armor
hey Lil_B :)
Nittany_Discord but it has MLP Pro Grafics
Overlay says 1000+ fps, outputting 30
oh okay
This game is beautiful ;~;
Nittany_Discord: hello aniki again
shizumobile: okay
Crysis blows me away cx
But you forget, Asuka is made of marble and embedded with mystical forge lines from the core of the eighth plane. It'll manage.
Is perty game though
lol
<Maximum FPS>
LOL
XD yeah sounds about right Meanwhile
11,01Hey Bronysith.
hiya Nittany_Discord
11,01Hi otakon.
wish i could join you coop, ive got crysis installed
hi Nittany_Discord
Hi Nittany_Discord
My PC can't run it
Should stabilize now that we're rendering, not video
hi Nittany_Discord
me neither otakon
that is a certainty
otakon your pc can barely run this chat.
wow.
pfft
11,01Hi cachi01, thelonepony, and Lil_B.
Meanwhile: your mustache can'
You're right, my moustache can.
WHERE IS THE ANY KEY?
whats playing?
Shizu is playing Crysis.
/me 11,01presses Bronysith
oni_link: All I see is esk, cetarl, and pigup
oh okay
Nittany_Discord: yes aniki?
dat me
/me 08,01compresses Bronysith using Huffman encoding
11,01Just pressing you.
Petrified_Discord: I love the simpsons XD
08,01Nittany_Discord x Bronysith
Nittany_Discord: that post i saw earlier with irish_pony gave me cancer
"this is why im voting for him"
oh north koreans, can't you not invade a place important to advancing humanity?
Ooh, Crysis
Ah, Crysis, the game where you can throw chairs and briefcases at koreans while being invisible.
Hi! :3
11,01You two don't need a reblog fight over Tumblr.
Hi, Major. :)
Yo Major!
In 8 years we will have those suits XD
We all know Nittany_Discord x Sumi is second best Bronystate ship
hi Major :)
.....
Hai Major
Hey Major! and lol xD
Hiya Major :P
How we doing now quality
whats the best bronystate ship
okay back
DashWithRainbows: i dont ship with Nittany_Discord i just put him in maid corsets...i dont want to ship with my Aniki
08,01??? ?? ??? ???????? ???? ??????
otakon: sides
08,01??????
otakon x shipping alexxm
dammit
lol
11,01No. Bronysith just wants me to be pretty.
Psycho?
His name is Psycho?
and here we go, our nameless faceless mute first person protagonist
Nittany_Discord: you are my aniki, of course i want u to be pretty
I want one of those suits
08,01buggering buggershits
>waving your assault rifle around and flag all of your friends
08,01i dunno why it's doing tha
TheMaster: prophet
Why would you codename a guy Psycho and then give him a suit like that and send him into a hostile battlezone.
Actually the player isn't mute, he's named Nomad
Nittany_Discord maid buddy! :)
TheMaster: he is black
sure is a realistic game
"You know what? After we're done with this we should only let one person use a nanosuit. You know, just to make it fair."
IKR TheMaster ?
/me 08,01is not shipped with anyone :(
11,01Yep. Major dressed my OC up.
go go go
08,01Bronysith: that is not a ship!
ikr?
lol
08,01AJIsAwesome: boring ship
Nittany_Discord: to be fair, Jennidash drew that
11,01True.
So much shiiiiip
and my god she is good artist
lol
^
08,01it sinks lik the titanic
I wanna fly
XD
08,01with giant octopuses
lol
NO
WHAT IN THE HAY IS GOING ON.
His chute is gone.
08,01*octopodes
welp so much for Nomad
Wow
no powers
My status is I JUST HIT THE GODDAMN WATER GOING 40 MILES AN HOUR YOU ASS.
no health
Buffer took out his shoot!
*cute
*chute
he should probably be dead after slamming into the water at a few hundred miles an hour
fuck
Meanwhile: a little faster than 40mph
Meanwhile: hahaha thanks Captain Obvious
Few hundred miles an hour...
What is going on do I want to know.
^
The Indie Games for Good Marathon ended less than an hour ago. Now I'm back... and games published by EA are being streamed.
ASoftFluffyThing: crysis
This game is beautiful :3
crysis everywhere
dat turtle
I'm not that familiar with the physics of parachuting, give me a break.
shot the turtle
I've never played crysis
more shipping than a ups store
turtle
NUUUU
NOO
Turtle :3
noo
PICK UP TURTLE
D:
Why would you do that to Tank.
xdddd
XDDDDDDDDDDDD
"The terminal velocity of this skydiver is about 124 mph (200 kph)."
there
MAXIMUM TURTLE
http://i.imgur.com/WjY44.png
Stop being mean to the turtle
and TOSS it
so about 124 miles per hour is still pretty hard to hit the water
why you throw da turtle
Poor Tank
RoboGerbil, more shipping than DHS, UPS and FedEx in a shipping contest to see who ships faster and better?
MAXIMUM PONY
^
At least flip him back over.
Crysis?
The turtle wanted to fly
Whats the fatal velocity for humans?
shizumobile lol
Wait, what's this about a turtle?
Yes
a turtle named Tank and his quest to stop aliens
Shizu helped a turtle fly
Well, I guess I'll say goodbye too the chat, now, I don't think I'm going to write that much more befor I fakll asleep :P
ASoftFluffyThing, she found a turtle and threw it
which was thwarted when he was thrown into the sea by Nomad
Timber.
Bye Lil_B
faild by the hands of this guy
And is it just me or is each crysis game going BACKWARDS in technology?
MMMM dat destructibility
Night, Lil_B
Night Lil_B :)
SpadeMagnes[School]: how so?
night Lil_B
Shizuka, why you throw turtle? :<
bye Lil_B
Night, Lil_B. :)
Was this before the frostbite engine?
... my expiriment just showed: with uncoherent noises in the backgrouind, the writing ability does decrease
I cant recall
11,01It's a mine turtle.
you reach terminal velocity in about 14 seconds
Well crysis 3 or two has a bow instead of a gun
Nittany_Discord: MINE TURTLE
Nittany_Discord: hello!
Nittany_Discord, it's still a turtle.
Nittany_Discord: HELLO~
SpadeMagnes[School]: 3.
also Bronysith funny story
3
Nittany_Discord ah! where?!
otakon: what funny story?
/me hugs ASoftFluffyThing Domo thelonepony otakon Coldays and AJIsAwesome <3
Bronysith: lol......brb going to 9gag
/me hugs Lil_B back :)
stop being jerks to the trees
You know I could be wrong but I'm not sure if lumberjacking was in the mission parametres.
and suddenly smugness in chat
08,01????
Bronysith: the legend of 9gag
Nittany_Discord, a Mine Turtle ought to be equippable... and only part of an absurd DLC
cachi01: stay there
/me huggles Lil_B back
I call shenannigans. what are you using, .80 caliber bullets? you couldn't possibly shoot a tree over doing that
I loved the Freelance astronaut run of this, so hilarious
otakon: ahh okay
dammit now I want to play this
Maximun pun
Bronysith: i'll be back with LINKS
08,01my god
08,01fuck this noise
Meanwhile: its the SOP in that area, ELIMINATE TREES
08,01anyhoos
cachi01: never clicking em
cachi01: Ganon better watch out
except all I have access to is the LIVE and PSN versions
i dont know how to talk in 3rd person:'(
11,01I'm done with EA cynicism Kandarihu. It never got me anywhere.
which I heard were inferior
oni_link: Trees are just waiting for the right moment to strike. So we'll go in pre-emptively.
HAHAH
/me knows how to talk in 3rd person
/me 08,01is listening to Evelyn Evelyn
ello everypony :)
What did the trees ever do to you man!
I wub cloak
you can blow apart trees in crysis
this isn't really fair to the koreans
we watching Crysis?
nope
CoD
Nittany_Discord, sorry. I just found it ironic that after 76 hours of indie game love, I come back to EA.
LOL
is this that halo cod mod :D
hardcore super advanced u.s. special forces with more gadgets than gordon freeman vs. starving north koreans with ak-47s
Kandarihu: its an awesome game now enjoy!
MMMM AK
cachi01, I'm not complaining. I know it's an awesome game.
TheMaster: lol
Crysis AKA the game to see how well your computer can play games
11,01It's just that it's cool to hate EA.
SpadeMagnes[School]: BENCHMARK: THE GAME
11,01I do remember that.
i think im going
i agree with Discord
Now it's cool to say you don't hate EA.
to set something on fire
crysis is really old, but its weird how people still use it as a benchmark
/me goes to find a blanket
RoboGerbil: its still very demanding, age aside
11,01It was a graphically-intensive PC game at the time.
oh god. its the smoke monster from LOST!
Nittany_Discord I remember when EA was actually cool.... good times :(
NOOOO not the smoke monster D:
Well he died
EA ever cool?
yea no
once
long long ago
^
Once upon a time.
otakon: IN A DISTANT LAND
when they were called Electronic Artists
In a distand land,
in a galaxy far far away
Oh by the way, ALIENS
but then the fire nation attacked otakon
11,01EA went from hated to "Better than Activision." to hated again.
otakon: and were actually run by gamers?
and they made M.U.L.E.
NFS:HP2 <3
I tore open a poral in time...
11,01Before then, nothing much.
cachi01: :D
Bronysith: electronic artists they called themselves
Quality still good ja?
Nittany_Discord: how did that happen?
Yep.
is this a predator game
EA ruined west wood, bioware and many other companies
im confused on this chat right now:P
death to EA
Shizuka: pretty good, kind of dark though
westwood especially...
they'll never make a NOX sequel
;-;
and Bioware is circling the drain
/me used to love westwood AND bioware
Think I found me my new favorite stream setup :3
Mass Effect 4 is gonna blow
otakon: oh come on some of their games are good. crysis 1 and 2 and SXX for example
Theres gonna be a fucking 4?
BOO!
just because im excited MLP FIM SEASON 3 IS ON NOV. 10 AT 10:00am
shizumobile: so full power to PC and you on mobile?
SpadeMagnes[School]: eeyup
Yup
THE HELL HAPPENED TO HIM!
HI DER
tries to talk in 3rd person
JUMPSCARES ERHMAGERD
fail
Oh hey it's Predator.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAA
does this game remind anyone else of predator
its a very busy weekend. The presidential election AND my litlte pony?
The tickle monster killed him
ERMERGERD AZERTERK IS DERD
That explains his face.
also pff, doom 3 is way scarier with its jump scares
Implying jump scares are actually scary.
TheMaster: huh? no
damn WHAT?!
poor guy
08,01TheMaster: my god, it's a conspiracy!
Instant vaporising
No tags?? :(
he was already dead
TheMaster: screw the elections we have ponies
TheMaster: and you know which event is more important!
What ponies this weekend?
So is it lagging during heavy movement for anyone else?
remember to vote for vermin supreme
Meanwhile: yh a bit
so that we can all have our very own pony
otakon: november 10th!
Thought it might be.
still creamated from a tree is brutal
Meanwhile: A little.
Twilight for rpedisdent
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire, Part 1" airs in 18 days, 16 hours, 41 minutes, 41 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012)
yay
well
gtg
Nittany_Discord:
cya Sonny :)
Bye Sonny :)
Bye, Sonny. :)
bye Sonny
I've already drawn the base and stuff
11,01Yes Sonny?
bye Sonny
It'll be done by saterday
bye :)
11,01Ow.
What? I find you.
MAXIMUM EVERYTHING
so according to Hasbro...queens=evil. princesses=good. what does that make emperors and empresses?
oh wow that rifle sounded good.
Maximum overdrive.
TheMaster: Blame disney
TheMaster: masters of good evilness
11,01TheMaster: It's more according to Disney.
^
They cemented the whole queens are evil shit
^
Maximum ALL the things!
MAXIMUM PONY
11,01Princess Celestia is legally a queen.
But logicly if NO ONE IS ABOVE YOU IN RANK you should be king/queen
technically you'd get a lot of unfortunate implications if both celestia and Luna were queens together
Then.....what makes the king?
11,01But they'll never call her Queen Celestia unless she goes evil.'
Major: slave
08,01well
/me has a blanket now
king should be shining armour
since its a diarchy I suppose its okay if they're both princess'
08,01i'm a queen
right?
Nittany_Discord: that would be an interesting episode
08,01so techincally, i outrank cleestia.
ello everypony
Im just gonna bullshit here and say she prefers to be called princess..for..I dont know
Hi LunasGuard
Hi, LunasGuard. :)
Hi LunasGuard :)
Heya LunasGuard :)
hi LunasGuard :)
how are things LunasGuard
Hi LunasGuard
Hallo LunasGuard
kewl name Domo
08,01hey LunasGuard
i'd argue that celestia is called princess because of the power sharing between her and Luna. They couldn't both be queens, this isn't Narnia
hi LunasGuard
SpadeMagnes[School] perhaps it makes her feel young and she likes conserding shes at least a few thousand years old
and now shizu set off all the alarms... you can go through that base with strength and just knock everyone out
Pink3: Lol thanks x3
TheMaster: wait.....it isnt?
no talking lions
Maximum Queen
more specifically. No talking jesus lions
Maximum Wubs
x10 hellos in a row a new record
TheMaster: LOL
SATUUUURRRNN! How can u say that u youreself are more powerful than the mighty CELETSIAAAA!!!!!! :O
FAil
You know why she's called princess?
Those guys have pretty good aim.
Marketing
this must be crysis
Fire one silenced bullet from behind cover = enemy instantly fires on your position
Kandarihu: dat or just a girl living in a cardboard box
and here I was hoping that Celestia could become the God Empress of Ponykind
indeed Crysis
Holy crap Logitech makes the best universal remotes
cachi01, huh? What's that a reference to?
Kandarihu: but what about a king? Would he be evil too?
king would be shining armour right?
TheMaster: Adeptes Ponystartes.
Kings don't have the evil connotation I think.
BOOM
Mufasa was king in the...lion king
08,01Nittany_Discord: you've never seen me naked.
kings usually die
People usually die
they die being good
11,01And I don't want to.
Since Cadence is a princess, does that make Twilight royalty?
Petrified_Discord: dying is too mainstream
People die when they are killed. Except when they don't.
MadSurge, I don't think gender really affects things much.
or if clestia has a secret husband (good idea for epiosode)
twilight is royalty-in law
fluttershyftw16: no
no
cachi01: What would you call someone that was a hipster before it was mainstream?
Scootalooooooooo
lol
THROW IT
CHICKENS
throw the scootaloo
I love chickens eddy!
I love chickens Eddy.
Kandarihu: well, the only prince we saw so far certainly wasn't very nice :D
Petrified_Discord: i would call it......*mindblown*
Unless Twilights family is aristocracy themselves. Then again they've never taken the time to explain pony society
CHICKENS!
lol
RoboGerbil: really? Ive yet to have that problem, even with this old Harmony remote.
dat scootaloo
arise chicken, chicken arise. Summon super ultra chicken
Don't be mean to the chicken! Chickens are nice!
you throw turtles and scootaloos?
Coldays: to koreans yes
MadSurge: I would bring up the S3 deal but you know...spoilers :/
oh hey, its HALO now
FUCK TREES
Screw the environment!!
MadSurge, well Shining Armor married into the royalty, right? Or did Cadence marry out of it?
noo they will eat them
Now jump off a ledge and use it to fly and grab the heart piece!
or was it just....A DREAM?
you can't marry out of royalty unless you're Edward the VIII
I honestly don't think we can protect the title of the Season 3 premier anymore.
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire, Part 1" airs in 18 days, 16 hours, 34 minutes, 4 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012)
I have a question, what annoys you more? characters that are related to main characters that come out of nowhere? Or just one shot characters
MadSurge: DAT COD REFERENCE >_>
Kandarihu well Shining isnt a prince so.....
Kandarihu: he'll still be a prince probably
Major: He technically is now
you have to introduce a character sometime
allright i just booked a plain to Koria i must save the Scootaloo's
Doesn't this make Twilight a dutchess or something?
and I don't think he's a prince. He's probably prince-consort.
cachi01: eeyup <_<
Oops...
Trees revenge
I doubt he gets any claim on cadences' titles...assuming she has any
DED
But the problem I have is its twilights BROTHER, NEVER MENTIONED BEFORE
:D
lol
clearly twilight is very private.
You dont just not mention a sibling or have a reference or something
Fluttershy wanted revenge!
SpadeMagnes[School], there's no problem with oneshot characters. I vote conjured-up relatives.
The death has been doubled
indeed
well i think shining armor is now prince cause....uhm.....well THIS http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-N1ji-9xoZtM/UCGB8VIjHqI/AAAAAAAAE8o/hRB01t7KCvQ/s1600/69170__.jpg oh god the horror
It would annoy me less if he was at leastmentioned sometime but no, he comes out of the fucking blue
/me outs down his backpack and sits down "Sup"
So that would make Twilight an aunt
cachi01: What. the. fuck.
MY EYES
thats horryfing cachi91
cachi01: wow thats horribad
princess skyla?
Petrified_Discord: shining armor + cadence = that thing
i guess if the cakes can have kids then theres no reason cadence and shining armor can't
Aka marketing!
though I wonder where you'd rate their ages. Mid 20s?
cachi01: HEADCANON DENIED
Even hasbro makes Oc's!
how many princesses are their and who does what?
or maybe cadence is in her early 30s
Back
cachi01: Also, what the fuck does "Mommy, are you a princess too?" mean?
InB4 Princess Skyla becomes canon in the main series but takes on a similar aesthetic to the Cake foals.
xD
i looked at the link and my computer froze i was scared for those 3 seconds of my life
of course, this all raises the serious question of what Cadence is princess of
So hasbro maes terrible OC's as well
NO, like, SERIOUSLY.
WHAT.
and where cadence even came from
dat crysis
cadence is princess..of shining armors heart DAAAAAAAAAAW
/me slaps himself
^
shush oda
Cadence is the princess of shipping
but cachi01 , himself isnt here
XD
Coldays: :D
clearly cadence was introduced to begin the process of transforming my little pony into game of thrones
yea i thought only luna and celestia where alicorn or pegicorn where she come frome
twoiloight_sprunkl pls go :D
So much cloaking
TheMaster: :D
We assume Cadence ships everything
cachi01: It's simple. Celestia watches over the sun and Luna watches over the moon. Cadence is a foalsitter, so she watches over the twiligth. :P
ilu2 cashie
Brace yourselves, ponies are coming
anyone wan to play l4d2?
Petrified_Discord: what u did there i see
though who would be the pony lannisters? Blueblood?
TheMaster, that would make for an amazing fanfic.
Game of Ponies
le fleur?
4444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444
noo not Blueblood
I doubt a fanfic version of game of thrones with ponies would go anywhere but on the explicit pony archive
ahhh dragoncon...love it
oh god the 4
LunasGuard: were you there?
4444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444444
I think I saw a 3 in there
...
thats 2 walls
08,01inb4 cat
Dat kick
why so may 4's
funfact: 4 is dead in japanese O_O
thats like 4 for ever
shi
huehuehue
shi = dead and 4
Bronysith: at one time, yes
Sorry about that guys.
there arn't enough characters and the ponies are too nice to even begin fitting in characters to translate to GOT
Bronysith: in 2010
What's wrong, ASoftFluffyThing?
LunasGuard: you cosplay?
11,01Bronysith: You need to watch yourself.
Though it'd be funny to imagine Celestia as Robert Baratheon
Don't worry ASoftFluffyThing, we still love you!
Got kicked for spam.
all i have to say is i hope ps2 gets a hell of alot more stable before release, a crash an hour is not good for a game ><
ASoftFluffyThing: What did you spam?
My keyboard was acting up and I accidentally pressed the enter button
Bronysith: no not really
Nittany_Discord: goddamn friggin wrong chat..
Ah.
Hey everypony
Why must you murder the trees?
Hiya Ponies47!
Hi, Ponies47. :)
Nittany_Discord: Sorry about the giant wall of 4
ello Ponies47
HI Ponies47
Heya Ponies47 :)
the trees are spies SpadeMagnes[School] they are trying to stop the USA government from manufacturing bacon
11,01It's OK ASoftFluffyThing.
ASoftFluffyThing: It went on 4ever
5ever
dat pun
Rarity would be sansa, thats about the only GOT translation that would fit
Lol
That was low profile right
AJIsAwesome: (\
lol
Petrified_Discord: /)
google cant even take a square root of that 444444444... number
LEEEEROOOOOOY!!!!
11,01Bronysith: You into cosplay?
Nittany_Discord: kind of, slowly getting into it
glitchy parachute
Better than being out of cosplay.
Nittany_Discord: like for dragoncon next year im going as phoenix wright, Monk from FFtactics, and Eitehr dart or King albert from legend of dragoon
JAAAAAANNNNNKKKINS!!!!!!!
11,01Cool.
Objection?
king albert? not Lavitz?
Take that lorax!
Nittany_Discord: Keyboard's shorting so it randomly spews out 4's. Pressed the enter button accidentally when I moved my lappy :3
OVERUSED
MEEEEEEEEEEEEME
i have only cosplayed as tobi from naruto :/
TheMaster: i want a cloak
I speak for the trees for the trees are full of bullets
the freeze gun in ths game is so much fun'
i have a keyblade buuuut meh
TheMaster: also he dies really early on
im going to acon as a left 4 dead witch some time
TheMaster: THIS is how the Lorax remake should have been!
Bronysith: do u make ur own?
I have a Hollow Ichigo mask, and that's about it.
/me doesn't really care for cosplay
11,01Thought about cosplaying, but I felt too embarrassed to do it. I've also never been into conventions.
the only character i'd cosplay as is brad majors from Rocky Horror Picture show
So how is cutting down tons of trees keeping a low profile?
LunasGuard: im going to buy a blue suit for phoenix wright
because I look like him
Nittany_Discord: its really fun
LunasGuard: but i got to figure how to make a wig
Nittany_Discord: you should try it
cosplaying scosts money
then again, I could always cosplay as a time lord
Regarding obscure pony cosplays, I have yet to see a Featherweight cosplay. Any other background ponies come to mind?
twilight_sprinkle: time and money
i could cosplay as myself
^
11,01Thought about doing it for Halloween, but I could only think of things I can't dress as.
thats about as far as id go in cosplaying
Nittany_Discord: sloooondermaaaaan
maybe get a lab coat walk around, thats the most id bother
I would REALLY need to save up on money if I wanted to cosplay.
Give slenderman his 20 bucks
GIMME 20 DOLLAHS
/me murders cachi01
But seriously
11,01One year was Soi Fong from Bleach.
I'm curious how many people this stream will have on november 10
no murder in da club Bronysith
cosplaying is one of the funnest things i ever done
/me revives cachi01
So what did I miss you guys?
/me doesnt move at all
i was the guy from the crow last halloween
TheMaster: Oh god...I haven't thought of that! :D
did he see that? didnt think so.
are you mods ready for the overwhelming numbers? I recall that season 2 started a bit jumpy from the overload
oni_link: well Major is pregnant
TheMaster: like 2.5-3k i suspect
AJIsAwesome: yay thx
twilight_sprinkle: what are you cosplaying as? sheesh thats expensive
No problem. :)
Nittany_Discord omg friend would have kissed you for that xD
/me casts Ultima
TheMaster, over 9000 :)
Bronysith: really? O,O
Bronysith: i was saying how many people would be here on november 10.
Pfff
O_O
twilight_sprinkle: oh, i thought you were talking about cosplay
BOAT
Kickboat?
lawl
If I had enough metal i'd also think about cosplaying as a game of thrones character actually. Maybe as The KingSlayer
i want to cosplay as a gundam! http://i19.photobucket.com/albums/b182/Westenfluss/Cosplays/f6cca9b1.jpg
because he's a cool guy
/me used a debuff on twilight_sprinkle
Bronysith why you hate my honour?
Bronysith: I betcha 2k people are gonna show up on 11/10 anyway :D
LunasGuard: y u do that? i lost my +30 swag buff cuz of you
Major: >implying you ever had honor
and now i stop
DONT MIND ME
Petrified_Discord: i bet you 5 bits
Im just stealing yo car
TheMaster: i like swords
Bronysith: That there will or won't be?
Bronysith: Welcome to Corneria
SpadeMagnes[School]: i like swords
TheMaster: I dunno, Jaime's grown on me as I've gone through the books.
boom
Who doesn't like swords?
Season 3 of GOT starts in april actually
Bronysith I just love your ignorance :)
whose pumped?
AJIsAwesome: people whove been stabbed by swords?
whove
wuuuuuuut......http://30.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_li6n7hh3oo1qh0fapo1_500.jpg
twilight_sprinkle: True.
yup
yay~ minecraft logins started working again
cachi01: WUT
FRAG OUT
cachi01, OU GOD
Petrified_Discord: fine. who've. i dont usually bother with apostrophes
Is chat dead?
nope ASoftFluffyThing u derped
lawl cachi01
nope
Nope
a mod should actually stream game of thrones here
cachi01: Aaah
who can we petition to do that...
Nien
twilight_sprinkle: just made me laugh. like hoove
SpadeMagnes[School]: Phase4 twilight_sprinkle i cant tell the difference!
So how are we keeping a low profile here?
TheMaster: it has been streamed
it has? damn
/me sommoned cactuar
and I missed it
11,01TheMaster: Wrek has before.
SpadeMagnes[School]: by fragging every fucking pony
Petrified_Discord: or dr who'ves
WOAH CAMERA WOAH
Who is streaming?
Hah
twilight_sprinkle: Pfft
Ponies47: shizu is
Ah
hes deeed
Ohai twilight_sprinkle :P
He's dead, Jim.
hei thelonepony :)
I want this game and something to run it now ;~;
how are things thelonepony
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1350945109263.png
oni_link: it's on PSN and LIVe
oni_link: if im right in thinking this is crysis 2, its not really that good
So what part of your computer generates the FPS?
oni_link: *crysis, not 2
Shizuka: what graphics card do you have?
twilight_sprinkle: it's 1
crushed by a tree
i was here alexxm just afk :P
death by fluttershy
hah. /mlp/ huh
to buy Persona 3 or to not buy persona 3
hmmm
Maximum Lag.
otakon: yeah but im sure it doesnt look as good
Bronysith: BUY.IT.FES.IS.AWESOME.
Bronysith why not pirate it
thats a website most people here I would discourage from going too
lest you lose your mind
Bronysith: seriously, PSN, BUY IT THERE! 10 bucks!
persona 4 ftw
alexxm: ...
alexxm: you cant pirate a PS2 game...
even though Bronies wouldn't exist without /co/
on a boat
the story in crisis 1 is hilariously bad and uncreative
many years ago. in the distant time of 2010
So who here watches TheRadBrad?
when is next episode?
Bronysith: Not with that attitude!
emulater Bronysith wouldn't that work
LunAnonymous: !cd
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire, Part 1" airs in 18 days, 16 hours, 16 minutes, 9 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012)
!otakon
TWO MORE WEEKS!
Boat FAIL
it works!
lol
Coldays: Failboat
lol
even better
Coldays: Showing sailboat how it's done.
"Hmm...someone's shooting me...maybe I should stop driving this boat..."
naw
aww you should have let him drive you around
Naaaah.
hes a polite terrorist
He's dedicated to his duty as helmsman.
http://imgur.com/DaOE6 best DOOM x Ponies ever
DOOM is one of the best games ever
Dem graphics
Bronysith: someone linked it yesterday
Epic
i feel like a quick session of doom
cachi01: ME
Bronysith: :D
Bronysith: DUNDUNDUNN
lol
/me slaps chat
wake up
huh?
no
I AM AWAKE!
stop startin'
OUCH
oi otakon stop startin
start stoppin
THat hurt, cachi01.
dammit
LOL that was the first I saw of that XD
eew
cachi01: Why you slap me :<
wait wha?
eeeeeeeewwwwwwwwwww
whos streaming anyway
Ponies47: so u could wake up!
wrek?
who slap me?
SHizu is.
ah
Where is SB at?
unditected huh
cachi01: But I'm working on art :<
/me slaps thelonepony around a bit with a large trout
/me hits cachi01 with a sock em bopper
/me Shrugs
Ponies47: k but I.AM.WATCHING YOU
:<
Dam your 3rd personess
/me is ded
Grrr
Why?
/me slaps chat with a bucket
/me revives cachi01
wake up
I'm surprised Shizuka is in such a good mood since Minecraft is dead atm
thx AJIsAwesome!
No problem. :3
Ponies47: What ya working on buddy? or is it a suprise :3
Reddit is back up. woot!
weee
Colt_Brovakiin: Pwetty picture of ASoftFluffyThing and I hugging :3
9gag ftw
aww
D'aww :2
cachi01: :D
*:3
cachi01: youre kidding.
WHOO DUAL WIELD
wow crysis must be taxing the computer cause the stream looks like a choppy mess
So you will think I am silly but
now who the hell just said that
I think this bit is cool, watch
shizumobile: i just met you?
oh
DeadpoolDash: I think the stream is the only part suffering.
i was playing doom, and i tought i saw someone say CoD>DOOM
Ponies47: I still have that one you drew for me as a background :3
that is what I mean
CoD>DOOM
now the guns have been dublled
Colt_Brovakiin: Dawwwww <3
dual wield is the best wield
hehe
whatever happened, i lagged through it
Ok guys, sleepy time for me. Goodnight!
the killing has been doubled
E.T. > FALLOUT
dat oil
bye MadSurge
Night MadSurge
Bight MadSurge :)
i need to get a Crowbar, a Wrench, a 9MM, a shotgun, peanut butter, water, first aid
nighty MadSurge
NIght*
It leaks through at the right level, that is quite cool actually.
bye thelonepony
Bye MadSurge :)
so how much ammo gose to barrals
so this is crysis eh?
/me slaps cachi01 with a bag of potatoes
NO
08,01# you can't always want what you get / when you're looking for love on a cafe on the internet #
I'm not leaving twilight_sprinkle :3
thelonepony: yes you are >:I
lol
Bye thelonepony :P
/me slaps nag of potatoes with a oni_link
No i'm not :3
thehe
BAD BAG
J
Hi CCCP :3
Hi
Ohai CCCP :)
the barrel was so asking for it
allo CCCP
/me has been mindblown
hi CCCP :)
how've you been CCCP
hi CCCP
hey CCCP
Becuz i just bought a hat for tf2, and it was crafted by 'moo' xD
Bye CCCP
hoi CCCP
Lolol
08,01see you CCCP
Mindblown from what oni_link :3
11,01Hi CCCP.
find the cube make this car a transformer
You know what Crysis kind of reminds me of, Goldeneye.
...
goldeneye brought FPS to the Consoles afterall
transformers by michael bay is best transformer movie
from being used to hit a bag of potatoes thelonepony XD
better than the dark knight rises
:D
the shootfest in this game gets old pretty fast, its way more fun to screw with the punching power in the console
08,01i've not seen DKR
but they aint as good as garfield 2 the tale of 2 kitties
Hi, CCCP. :)
like punching a wall of a house and watching it fly aparty
I'll leave this here http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1350941939659.jpg
Hi AjisisAwesome
Hi Agin
cachi01: Was that actually a good movie?
Dken2021: nice
TDKR was ok, but nothing exceptional
imo
08,01who wants to hear Love Will Tear Us Apart performed by a Scotsman on a ukulele?
AJIsAwesome: garfield 2? nah but it made me laugh lol
sure i would
Dken2021: I see it and Im reminded of Zoroark
I do!
that makes me want to shit myself
08,01i might stream myself doing that later
Is it bad that I find the first Garfield movie a guilty pleasure?
ok
08,01AJIsAwesome: OUT! GET OUT!
>(
*:(
AJIsAwesome: keyword guilty pleasure
No U
the first movie was good..........
AJIsAwesome: i remember the garfield movie being fairly enjoyable
^
I was thinking about renaming it in his honor
oni_link now that you mentioned it, it does....
Dken2021: cannot unsee o,o
Maximum pony
OHMAHGERD IS GIFT GLORIOUS
o, this is the first level i gues
also Hai
hi, CrimsonPhoenix. :)
Hai CrimsonPhoenix
Night :)
Hi CrimsonPhoenix :)
btw Dken2021 that reminded me of giygas
i remember this part
hoi CrimsonPhoenix
Night, Major. :)
Night Major :)
cachi01 it is giygas
bye Major
Dken2021: oh
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1350942741645.jpg
how are things CrimsonPhoenix
night Major
EHRMAGERD GIYGAS
/me hides
but seriously Read Gift, it's amazing and not only because it's from the same author of Background Pony
Wait for it
Dken2021: Looks pretty cute for a Giygas pony. :)
Bronysith: Why is anything with 60's spiderman hilarious?
Trouble parking the boat.
Bronysith: :D
cause spodermn
DAT PARKING BOAT JOKE LOLOLOLOL
they all have Crysis sutes?
and suddenly woona http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1350946607899.png
the freeze ray weapon is sooo much fun
'Silly Filly's Chapeau" or something :D
Hi CromsonPhoenix
MR FREEZE
RUN
4chan leech oni_link
not sure if it can be found without cheating though
cachi01: grrreat
cachi01: Daww Juicebox Luna :)
Something's here but damned if I can see it through the lag.
its Godzilla!!!!!
Coldays: but due to international copyright laws, its not
GET TO THE CHOPPA!!!
STILL WE SHOULD RUN LIKE IT IS
mason
MAXIMUM SPEED!
the numbers mason
SpadeMagnes[School]: though it isnt!
But still we should run like it is Godzilla
mason wut r u doing
mason
Jayson!
Shift into MAXIMUM OVERDRIVE!
mason stahp
THEY'VE GONE PLAID!
so yeah, thats pretty much the whole plot right there
Maximum overtroll
wound u eat this http://sphotos-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/299305_10151208710273827_85245607_n.jpg
LunasGuard: Maybe.
LunasGuard: SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY
LunasGuard: oh god, it looks like a melted headcrab on a bun
twilight_sprinkle: :D
LunasGuard that looks like a heart attack waiting to happen
11,01LunasGuard: No.
LunasGuard: omg yes, challenge accepted!! now point me to the nearest one
so another super soldier torn to shreds....
Squeeze Inn, GET U ONE!
Saves on cremation
Juicy.
Well everypony iv got to go /) and goodbye
bye Coldays
later Coldays
bye Coldays
maximum armor, minimum plot
bye Coldays take care
bye Coldays
bye coldays
http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/27623445.jpg
cashieoh-wan, pls.
twerlight_sprinkles, pls
twilight_sprinkle: melted headcrab CAN NOT UNTHINK
http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ma82xnAFM11qkqbxy.png oh god
LunasGuard: bon appetite! :3
cachi01: :D
08,01Chrysalis: because you're special
cachi01: :D
twoiloight_sprunkl AjayichUhsum pls
08,01honestly, i've not checked my e-mails or skype yet
13now let's see if i can easily cap youtube
08,01so i have no idea what's goin on tonight
yeah theres some disparity
=.=
one guy asked me for skype
Shizuka: what for?
the other for my address
11,01We're having a party!
/me 08,01is sitting relaxing in front of a terminal, configuring VMs and listening to Amanda Palmer
Nittany_Discord: A PARTY!
/me puts Nittany_Discord in a party maid outfit
PARTYYYYYY
Party hard?
Well it managed that while only lagging on the intense bits, it should manage youtube alright.
/me throws streamers into the air!
I got the Party Cannon!
/me farts
/me dons his Groucho glasses
/me 11,01dusts Bronysith with streamers
/me dunks otakon in the keg
13can't change cameras midway..
/me aims the Party Cannon at Meanwhile "FIRE!"
:D
13seems to get very laggy the longer it runs, the program anyway
Helpful.
11,01Bronysith: Didn't know this was a costume party.
Costume party?
Man trying to use gyro controlls in MK7 is god near impossible
SpadeMagnes[School]: ikr
Gyrobowl.
BRB
SpadeMagnes[School]: Same here. :D
RP :/
Nittany_Discord: it is now
hello!
Hi roflcopter. :)
Hi roflcopter :)
how are things roflcopter
Hi roflcopter
my roflcopter goes swl swl swl swl
I cant wait for Sticker Star
^
i like mufffins
allo roflcopter
but pancakes are better
08,01woo
what are we watching
and Pancakes with syrup, bacon, cream and strawberries
MY GOD
08,01my new earphones arrived!
NICE!
Wut
O_o;
website down?
13working?
Yep
13yay
go halo
Warthog!
looks like it
o dis
i rememeber dis
this is a weird show
have trouble believing it though
working XD
13it's scripted
waht
08,01a pair of Sennheiser MX471s
08,01just for chucking into my back and taking places
he's working
oh crap
13but too true
.....what?
netsplit?
Netsplt?
08,01when i'm at home, i generally use Etymotic ER4Ps
uh huh
08,01GilDash: i was considering IE8s
i wanna watch titanic again
08,01but they were too mellow, and too strong a bass response
so he's fighting him atm?
roflcopter: I don't think it's gonna happen any time soon
08,01CrimsonPhoenix: i probably will
Shizuka: is that you talking?
13nope
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO angry sad face!
this is why i hate customers
08,01GilDash: if you have £200 tto drop on earphones, i recommend the ER4Ps
Implying Shizu ever talks.
08,01also, M-Audio IE10s are quite nice
Shizuka said she never will talk :<
08,01and cheaper
I wish Shizuka would talk though, if only for the gasps
I just imagine Shizu carries around a notepad and writes things.
08,01although, i found the M-Audios really uncomfortable
13notepad pffff, tablet
08,01i like triple flanged.
08,01oh baby
:3
Ooh, The Website is Down! I LOVE this series!
lol
But what if your tablet breaks in the queue of the Steak and Shake?
lol
08,01The Website is Down!
08,01<3333
13my networking teacher played the whole series one time :3
13loved that class so much
lol
that do not reboot
I DONT SEE IT
XD
The average reaction to emails you should have read but didn't.
can someone fill me in on wats going on
Are any of the mods active atm?
13nope
ah I see XD
so this a VM that XP is being run in?
oh god
Shizuka, mind if I run something by you...
this is gonna go HORRIBLE
huh, i saw a different version of this video
It's grey. Like all the others.
is this Paranormal Activity 3?
damn i can see this happening
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1350939748844.gif Meanwhile you wish you were the girl on the left
we ALL wish we were her
i'm back again!
everyone wants to be more like mabel
Bronysith: I do too :(
and then suddenly friendly fire~
wb Dark92Enigma :)
Welcome back, Dark92Enigma. :)
AJIsAwesome|MK7: you're playing MK7?
and ello there Dark92Enigma
otakon: Agreed.
Dark92Enigma: Mario Kart 7.
otakon: yes, yes we do
otakon: we wish we were who?
otakon: sorry just joined in
Guess... not...
Bronysith: the link please
so what's this then?
Lol do it
hiya Panda|Drawing
otakon: http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1350939748844.gif
AJIsAwesome|MK7: oh...:D they have the same Capitols
Hi Panda|Drawing :3
GilDash, you busy?
I love that gif so much
This was originally in a higher resolution and all the text was more legible
click that
Dark92Enigma: I can understand that. :D
lol
really?
just the letter A
you can move my desktop XD
oh my gosh the Win 95 desktop XDDDDDD
this is a weird show. nice computer though
Panda|Drawing: No. :)
Sex with Vegetables.
lmao
The horrors of the technologically irresponsible
AHAHAHAAHHAA
sex with vegetables
lol sex with veggies :)
delicious
WUT
:D
that porn
lmao
DON'T USE AOL!
RAVING FURIOUS SEX with vegetables.
XD
4000 hours for free XD
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
lol
dat penix
hahahahahahahahahaha :D
Oh maaaan I forgot this movie...
otakon sorry.....but we wish we were (___) ? (Sorry, i just came in when you said ''we wish we were her''
this is great XD
WHOA! :D
now it got funny
woooooow
/me Insert dick joke
To me, it was funny all along.
Dark92Enigma: Mabel from Gravity Falls.
XD
ohhhh man.
dick joke dick joke dick joke....PENIS
Arrange by penis.
arranges by penis
wha?
trolololololololololololol
AJIsAwesome|MK7: Oh....haven't seen that show.
lol what is this series called?
lul, i remember when people did that for school computers
oh god
Hey guys! ^_^
lol
Dark92Enigma, it's been streamed here occassionally
he deleted everything
hoi Stary
Dark92Enigma: It's a pretty good show. I recommend it. :)
ikr twilight_sparkles
Ohhhh myyyy gosh...
alexxm, he only dragged the icons off the desktop
Hi, Stary. :)
AJIsAwesome|MK7: it didn't came in my country.....but i'll give it a shot
oh ok Kandarihu
i want that computer
ello Stary
roflcopter: sprinkles,press tab to auto complete a name :P
Hi Stary :)
The website is down? thats what its called?
wolfenstein 3d lolz!!!!
8-9 years
lol
screencap
right on to boin boin
I would but it doesn't really work like the other buffer images.
XD
haha
Pfft.
Another chat derp?
apparently
I thought chat was just quiet.
Wolfenstein?
holy crap
Mother of glob.
the helL
13oh my
Woah
Heyyy AJIsAwesome|MK7 and twilight_sprinkle, thelonepony, and LunasGuard :)
Good god dat netsplit
penis :O
so anyone have an idea what's going on atm?
*shrugs*
See? NOW it's easy to read all of these e-mails
Milfcollector.
Who's streaming?
NO STOP!
the email said milf on milf action
you got milf XD
Shizu is.
lol
My god, ALL THOSE ICONS
AHAHAHA except ugh x.x
Stary: it's Shizuka
Oh, weird stream XD
eww the grab abg of parts
AJIsAwesome|MK7: anyway, i watched Phineas and Ferb before MLP FIM, so i can watch this too :)
face penis lolz
the sad thing is
people are STILL like this
yes
it does matter
maybe XD
thats nice
YES
WUT
ATHF much?
wtf are we watching?
haha
no idea Lyra` what's up?
Man this is great, I want to watch all of these XD
look at that powerpoint
lightly used real dolls
lololol
wat
lol
wat
pron2nite.com XD
i miss your awesome facial hair, otakon >.<
install more spyware
me go to taht site
Lyra`: i shaved for work
install MORE spyware???
/me Tonight you'll get your dick ripped off'' That's a line from ATHF: Dickesode
lol install more spyware
He kinda sounds like Fred
i hate your job, otakon.
im back OMFG YOUR PC CAN RUN MINESWEEPER? O_O
instal more spyware
Lyra`: I dishwash
you hate your job.
he doesnt know whats happening!
INSTALL MORE SPYWARE!
*kinda*
These voices are really annoying.
xddd
wut?
congredulations XD
Meanwhile: Like Fred's?
Poop Pyramid!!!
xD
Meanwhile: Isn't that the point?
Is...this an actual video? o_o
Stary: Mm.
XDDDD
LadyCanary: eeyup and hiya :)
AJIsAwesome|MK7, yes
AJIsAwesome|MK7: Even if it is it's still annoying as hell.
/me hugs LadyCanary "How are you today?"
xddd
ha
13canary~<3
Seriously, I'm getting a headache.
Kandarihu: Alright. Just making sure.
Unhappy, otakon.
Very unhappy.
this hurts
Lyra`: does he have facial hair? i can't tell
i do
oh so much
how are things LadyCanary
LadyCanary: aw why?
These ad banners are so funny "Don't quite smoking. Learn to smoke the healthy way."
O-O Is this just a random vid? X3
otakon used to have the BEST facial hair, it was better than a reeman
It is not something I want to speak about.
LadyCanary: why?
Because she got on and you were here otakon.
hi LadyCanary :)
*freeman
XD\
XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
he reminded me of jessie coxs!
This
Awesome
r these the guys from south park
/me snuggles Canary. :(
LadyCanary: okay well hope you cheer up a bit while here
I honestly dont want to be snuggled.
this reminded me of.............CRANK YANKERS
sooo awesome <3
brb guys
*poke* XD
"Love Lotion" :S
healing love potion
This video is part of a series called "The Website is Down". It's all based on a series of true and semi-true horror stories of IT.
/me does not do that then.
hEALING LOVE LOTION!
ANyone want my big daddy cheese burger combo?
availebl for fre
a popup to stop popups
Kandarihu all of them happening in...........MAINE
So who is streaming this?
No idea.
roflcopter: Eeyup
Shizu.
ha, powerpoint XD
xd http://sphotos-e.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/525800_296740327103493_170635303_n.jpg
/me hugs Shizuka.
I'm guessing the average day at the IT office?
Barbetos: Shizu
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1350896578982.png
Awesome
powerpoint is sooo old on here!
cachi01: :D
god, i hate my formal computer networking training.
Shizu is favorite now XD
13wubwubcanary~
I love this.
^
Reminds me of work.
i agree Barbetos XD
Barbetos: Hey me too!
though.
I muted it to tone down my headache.
ooooh
No don!
facepalm
He clicked yes
LadyCanary: One of my favorite streamers :)
he so saved it XD
/me 11,01moves Lyra`
08,01Barbetos: <3
ewww lightly used real dolls XD
meow?
/me blinks
oh my gosh XDDDD
...dat 20sided die
install more spyware XD
11,01You're a cat!
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1350923067342.gif
IM A CYAT!
Lyra` is a cat. This is now canon
OMG IM A TALKING CAT!
lol!
yes instal more spyware is the best option
08,01yay!
Bronysith: Awesome. :D
08,01does anyone want a free VPS?
PILLS PILLS PILLS PILLS PILLS PILLS PILLS PILLS PILLS PILLS PILLS PILLS
i don't even... what... what?! XD
Bronysith: I want
I'm a pop up
Pop up blocker ad again XD
See? popup.
YES!!!!!!!I want in!
Try and close me out.
lol
browsing the web with powerpoint, only a true man can do that
XD
lol
XDDDDDDDDDDDDD
XD
Wow, that is one messed up desktop o-o
My god
XD
lol stoopid popups
what series is this Shizuka it's hilarious
And to think I want to go back to school for computer science
My lord.
The Website is Down
I love this :3
I got a good pop up for you "Would you like real russian wifu today?
How many of these are there?
/me facedesks for the whole chat
135 i think?
XD
08,01Chrysalis: 256megs of ram, 10G hdd, 2GHz
ASoftFluffyThing|LoS: Thanks! :D
You playing them all?
lol
is most of this stuff based on stuff that really happened
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1350920710746.png
You're welcome, Stary.
what r we going to watch after this
Sounds about right Bronysith
I am rather sexy
Just ask all my girlfriends.
next time a stranger talks to me when im alone, im will look at them shocked and just whisper quietly "you can see me?"
....
dat kkk
Bronysith: lol
lolz :)
Bronysith: :D
Lyra`: lol. That was actually quite funny.
Lyra` I have seen that somewhere before
Floating around the book face.
:|
XD
eat the hdd!
XD
lawl
what?
yup
XD
actually
lmao
Eat the HDD and GAIN IT'S POWER!
he has a rather relaxing voice
http://sphotos-b.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc7/579230_536935302999648_1013830641_n.jpg wuuuuuuuuuuut
wtf
ommmmm....ommmm....
WUT
i cant delete enough of these damn like groups to stop cluttering my page
/me 11,01eats
Dat relaxation.
:D
Hardrive here, Hardrive there
cachi01: :D
13sandvich
brb guys Adventure Time is on
cachi01: :D
Heh.
harddrive sandvich
i picture my hard drive on my laptop not my fragging sandwich!!!
WUT
11,01Ash does not look good in that.
cachi01: wow. and the worse part is i noticed that gary has nice legs >.>
ahaha!
i laughed
oni_link: wut :D
lag
another one?
That is a fun game
That he is playing
dat PuTTy
cachi01: I laughed but im serious DX
was that dwarf fortress?
Hi everypony!
pooty tang~
11,01Might be Nethack.
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1350907277680.jpg
Hi, Celestial. :)
ello Celestial
13yeah that's nethack
Hey Celestial :)
Hi Celestial :)
i think its puTTy Chrysalis
Bronysith d'aww
Bronysith: Daww :D
how've you been Celestial
Bronysith: Dawww
Chrysalis: its a game played on puTTy
alexxm: Good. You?
Bronysith, the heck is up with that guy in back with the 557 tins of seasoning?? o_o
TROLTECH
lol
i'm good Cekestial
Hey Celestial I have a quick question.
Yes Stary?
nancy johnson johnson
Why does your name sound alot like Princess Celestia's?
johnson & johnson
Johnson-Johnson XD
Stary: o_o...
Stary: Because they are similar in meaning?
Well...
Dear Princess Celestia, PLEASE tell me this isn't an accurate portrayal of working in tech support.
Maybe because
Please.
Oh my gosh you can cap the power usage?? O_O That's cool! :D
I am Celestia? O_O
O_O
this may take forever
sometimes its not knowing what to do thats the issue
its knowing who to call to get it done
hash attack!
Are you Celestia?
password = password
Maybe...
What do you know Stary?! What do you know?
its better than 12345
password isn't a good password, either
or 1,1,1,1
true roflcopter lol
Celestial: I don't know anything!
GUYS i will give lots of thanks to the pony that gives me a download link to all the space quest games
Stary: LIEZZZZZ
skipy
/me is not sure to go trick or treat
Celestial: o_o
smufffffff
I haven't gone trick or treating in ages.
what am i watching 0.o
thank you LunasGuard, nwo yo reminded me I need to get some candy corn before this month's over
me neither AJIsAwesome|MK7
in 200000 years old in pony years and im still going trick or treating
i have no idea how to feel about these people
Dken2021: your welcome?
Chip is awesome
11,01Annoyed.
this is why i hate apple
VGA cable... OK, these are OLD COMPS.
i blame apple for all of this
hahaha
oh god
LunasGuard much ablidged
this is why the early 2000s sucked
nethack?
And it gets worse
Hmm pony years...
roflcopter this hasnt changed
totally roflcopter
I know 2012 laptps that still have VGA ports.
is anyone else getting a lot of buffer and lag
dat mute
Well... Celestial left O_O
twilight_sprinkes i do
wow XD
twilight_sprinkle: same here
hm ok
lmao
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1350898963891.gif
k
oh dear HEAVENS D: resetting all the passwords in all the whole company DDDDDD8
"/)_(\"
Maybe I should stop declaring anyone with a Celestia related name
To be Celestia O_O
11,01What is with the voice pitch-up in this video?
lmao
virus attack XD
13THINKING
Nittany_Discord: i thought to mask voices, but now that theyve shown their faces, idk
I like his comment.
someone having a bloody nose. windows xp draaaaama!
Daylight's End......I am stunned
"Don't mess with my Network. Or Texas."
13virus!
plz TELL ME THIS IS NOT REAL
VIRUS!
:D
Big virus
Shizuka: what is this series again?
The Website is Down
What virus
And to think for awhile I wanted to become a Network Administrator
I don't see it
XD
troltech
XDD
oni_link, dat consideration
There was a reason I once turned down a job in tech support. I now remember what that reason was.
XDDDDD
XD
WAIT
Intel core i9
:D wat just happen
XD
core i9 333mhz?
Nice
Virus!
I should probably go and write my fanfic now...
Hah!
11,01I'd hate for that to be real.
I missed that part Chrysalis. It must be the virus
LOL
CHEKSUM ERROR!!
EVILLLLLLLLLLLL VIRUSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
lol
about 32gb of ram as well
wtf
lolwut
lol
lolz chipmanden
damnit, brb cut finger
I love that game
so much
XD
XDDDD
iPhone already!
Web Dude. lolol
1,200 mail?
XD
lul
dat echo
how2getrich :D
Nittany_Discord: Eyup
"Is Microsoft down?"
Dat's a lot of mail...
I THINK MY CAPS LOCK IS STUCK
"Do you know how to add emails to the internet?"
roflcopter: Have fun using the Royal Canterlot Voice for awhile!
"Poop Pyramid" :S
Lolwut
lol
XDDD
Oh god
XD
Tell me that's not a real app
i'm disgusted yet intriqued by poop pyramid
Anyone else having lag?
http://www.dorkly.com/comic/45031/corpse-run-a-man-of-few-words
11,01/).<
/me noms on Bronysith
i want that app
/me glomps NewSuperBronyU
RaveBrony: I here O3O
13hm...
13that appears to be the last one
by the way, i'm back again.....had to leave because of chores
/me hugs Bronysith back :3
REDDIT IS UP
yay
LadyCanary: why were you sad again?
Bronysith so?
Ohai NewSuperBronyU :3
Bronysith: Poor link XD
Hai thelonepony :3
:3
hi NewSuperBronyU!
acheivment hunter lets play minecraft
Hi< NewSuperBronyU. :)
Well, I'll be back, I have to finish a chapter for my fanfic
I dont want to talk about it, Dark92Enigma.
Moo :3
Shizuka: that was fun though
HI thelonepony!
pleaaaase for me!
WHOA.
NewSuperBronyU: Where are your colors? :O
Blue Man Group :o
Blue Man Group!!!!!
Hi Dark92Enigma again :P
and hey NewSuperBronyU and thelonepony!
LadyCanary: oh, ok----:(
Oh the Blue Man Group
I nekked :3
Well did your read the above chat? :D
*you
yesh you are :3
/me throws some clothes at NewSuperBronyU
BLUE MAN GROUP!
/me noms on the clothes
......
11,01Schmintel Shizuka 3.
Traded for a hat crafted by 'moo', I wanted to rename it in your honor :D
hai Stary again :P
lol
.-.
lol
WTF!
You're supposed to WEAR the clothes, NewSuperBronyU.
Shizu~ Shizu~ give me your answer true! Will you stream for us today, maybe tomorrow toooooo~ :3
IM SCARED
thelonepony: XD! :P
I just made that up. Figured I would share.
08,01# do you wanna dance? do you wanna fight? do you wanna get, drunk and stay the night? #
08,01amanda palmer is awesome
i've seen enough sonic hentai
LOLZ
AJIsAwesome|MK7: You gave them to me so it's my choice what to do with them D:
cachi01: oh my
UGUGUGUGUGUGUUUUUUUN
08,01cachi01: ewww
NewSuperBronyU: True. :3
cachi01: u furry
/me puts the pants on his head
butter :3
NewSuperBronyU: :D
:D
Is anyone's stream speeding up often?
/me puts NewSuperBronyU in the naughty corner
NewSuperBronyU: and put the socks on your hands! you know, for gloves!
08,01LunasGuard: nothing wrong with furries
LunasGuard: im not THAT into furries.......just sonic characters
AJIsAwesome|MK7: It might be intentional :P
superbrony is funny pony
cachi01, I haven't seen enough sonic hentai
Colt_Brovakiin: Oh. :D
Naughty corner? D:
AJIsAwesome|MK7: Yeah and I'm lagging too
spitfirecolt: i liek silleh :3c
I don't know though, I could be wrong :$
CrimsonPhoenix: go and see more
08,01sonic porn, baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more
Angewoman
would you tap that?
NewSuperBronyU: What does ":3c" mean?
BONKBONNKBONKBONKBONK
Phase4: You there??
AJIsAwesome|MK7: It's a silleh face ':3' but with a hand up to mah mouth in a cute pose :3c
08,01CrimsonPhoenix: gif?
08,01*gift
I need somepony that is REALLY knowledgable about tf2
NewSuperBronyU: OH. :D
quickly
Mega_Milk, yeah
I pm it to you :<
my stream is very laggy
Mega_Milk si?
08,01Mega_Milk: I AM
LIES!
Mega_Milk Phase4 is pretty goodf
Phase4: Is it true you can get ANY of the bot weapons
NewSuperBronyU: oh i thought was a chin lol
Phase4: By using any class?
LunasGuard: mine's too
Phase4: Or is it that you have to use taht specific class?
Thanks for the stream, SHizu. :)
Mega_Milk, afaik its random
thanks for the stream Shizuka
Thanks for the stream Shizuka :)
thx for stream Shizuka :)
Gona have the check the wiki for that one. I don't play MvM that much
Thanks for the stream!
Phase4: Your 100% on that?
Thanks Shizuka :)
nope
Aw. Stream over
Ohai soulrider95 :3
/me noms on twilight_sprinkle
Thanks for the stream Shizuka
Mega_Milk, never got one, the tf2 wiki should tell you
Thank you ShizuShizu. *hug*
NewSuperBronyU \:3/
the races were good XD
Derpy_Hooves: \:3/
13so today we learned that dxtory+ffsplit makes fullscreen game streams possible
11,01I've played Mann Up twice. Still haven't got a botkiller weapon.
Hold up a sec, SB
oh hai thelonepony
/me counternoms NewSuperBronyU :3
Y u nekkid?
Phase4: Youve never even had one!?!? BLARAGAHAGAH
Nittany_Discord you get them after completing a tour
Nittany_Discord: You need to complete a full tour.
DashWithRainbows: O.O
Nittany_Discord: You need ticket to get rare iteems
you have to finish 6 roundsa
DashWithRainbows: cause i has freedom ;^;
Noted for science Shizuka
all on different levels
11,01Chrysalis: and Meanwhile OK.
Shizuka, Possible?
/me needs to start playing skyrim again
13normally you'd have to run the game windowed in order for scrcap to grab it
Yeah, the freedom to set a bad example for BaconMane >:l
13else source engine's windowed borderless mode
Shizuka, I know I just press on the Possible
Also, howdy Alej.
Well, that should set up more variety in the future Shizu.
13yes possible
as in is it in good quality?
Thanks for the stream, Shizuka
13well you can ask everyone how racing went
or is it just barely possible
13after i got the sizes synced properly seemed to be good
Racing went good
though got a little agressive on some of the later races
Racing went well. :)
http://youtu.be/SLMvyX5yqXI HELLOOOOOOOO October #1
11,01Hello.
Thanks for a very entertaining stream once more Shizuka
Racing started out with the quality of a birds-eye lego sculpture but that got fixed.
Thnks for the stream Shizuka ^_^
mmmh interesting
Thanks Shizuka :3
if Children of the night doesn't come out this month
that video will clearly go #1 in this month's top 10
13the real test will be if it manages to play blood harvest without failing like scrcap+fmle does >>
CrimsonPhoenix: Yep, I'm still waiting for the finished vid though. It's gonna be good! :)
Will that be on L4D1 or 2 Shizu?
hey
13hm, either i suppose
Stary I gotta admit to you I kinda lost hype now
13still prefer 1 though
Amen. Versus or Campaign.
Sure it's ludicrously beautifull but
13was campaign when vivi streamed it
seeing the gifs, the behind scenes and now the trailer
I kinda saw what I needed
Well, either way, I can lend a shotgun if you need one at the time.
CrimsonPhoenix: Yeah, too long to be honest. It's been months since they released the preview.
the animatic you mean
whos planning on getting black ops 2 on xbox
IRONSIGHT
CrimsonPhoenix: Yeah
11,01I'm getting in on PC.
11,01So it'll be the crappy version.
oh boy Nittany_Discord why
11,01Got it as a gift.
SPEAKING OF GIFT\
http://www.fimfiction.net/story/58261/Gift
Great fresh new fanfic right there
11,01Actually, I hope the PC version will be good.
You wrote it?
prepare your tissu though
Implying I'm the MLP fanfic writer god
ok that was a bit of a stretch
PC version > xbox
better graphics better players
hi
if i ever write fanfiction again, im staying away from OCs and just focus on main characters
and no auto-aim
and free multiplayer
but still shortskirtsandexplosions is amazing
11,01MP is free on any system except Xbox.
Bronysith, OCs are alright as long as they aren't overwhelming
and fit in the background area
also, the cod's have supported controllers on the pc as well
so there is actually no reason the console is better
Bronysith: I include a few minor OC's of my own in my fanfic from time to time. It helps the flow of the story well :)
wow nethack sure is short
Chrysalis: except original consoles, like the NES SNES or PS1
Bronysith thats not this argument
this argument is about black ops 2
black ops 2 looks good
it might be a good cod game
nah
hey!
8 player zombies with campaign
It has dedi servers on PC and FoV slider so I'll probably get it
they stopped being good after modernwarfare
Chrysalis: lets just hope bo2 is awesome
hi RainbowPie :)
though zombies was the best thing that ever happened
god i love that game
hey thelonepony how are you
eeyup i love treyarch for that
hey RainbowPie! :)
i would buy that if they would release it without all the junk campeign and vs
great RainbowPie and you? :)
Heya RainbowPie :)
Chrysalis: those are optionals
okay I'm back
how are things RainbowPie
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Story: The Haunting in Ponyville
from the live gameplay it is pretty awesome
u can still play original survival zombies
I see I missed the rest of Shizuka stream though
Welcome back otakon :)
wb otakon :)
hey Stary and Colt_Brovakiin :) im great thelonepony and alexxm, how are you?
wb otakon :)
so many pings
i'm good RainbowPie
Hi, RainbowPie. :)
Call of duty is old now all of them suck except modern warfare and world at war
heya AJIsAwesome|MK7 !
Well I'm off to write some fanfics! I'll be back everypony!
cya Stary :) good luck
Bye Stary :)
RainbowPie: Thanks ^_^
Hey Wrek you alive?
later Stary
Bye, Stary. :)
Bye Stary :)
Good luck :3
cya Stary :)
Thank you all. I'm off now. Peace! <3
hey everypony how are y'all :)
Hello everypony!
heya PeachStreak
Hi PeachStreak :)
bye Stary...
Hi, VenHur and PeachStreak! :)
hiya PeachStreak and VenHur
Hi VenHur :)
/me puts otakon in a hat
...
hey VenHur!
when did I become hat sized?
just now :D
otakon: when i said so
Ohai VenHur and PeachStreak :)
how are things VenHur and PeachStreak
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7yY_KUkTaeU
Everything great, Tacoland is safe, and I STILL loves tacos.
Alrighty, I am off now as I haven't been getting enough sleep as I probobaly should :S bye :)
Night Colt_Brovakiin :)
nite Colt_Brovakiin
Night, Colt_Brovakiin. :)
My Heart exploded http://derpibooru.org/129525 :3
Sooo...no stream as of now?
why dont we show more johnny bravo?
No stream atm
I would rather he streams Dead Alive
otakon: i would stream breaking bad
if i was a mod, all i would stream is dexters lab, johnny bravo, power puff girls, cat dog, hey arnold, and other things like that
oh, and doctor who, 3 hours at a time.
eh I have no interest in Breaking Bad
im never being a mod :D
Lyra`: oh joy
otakon: i love it cause the main character is from malcolm in the middle and is a great actor
Lyra`: no really those suggestions are wonderful...God I miss old Dexter's Lab...
ikr!
Bronysith i'd loved you if you did that
Lyra`: wow ;~; thats perfect
and to think i almost kicked you for sarcasm, otakon
Hm thats strange....
Lyra`: Oh happy days...
My pokedex on my 3ds has all the pokemon, but its still giving me spot pass stuff...
XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD http://images.4chan.org/v/src/1350950737079.jpg
Lyra`: you're not a mod...
I missed the first run of Dexter's Laboratory...the second run was meh...but why in god's mercy did they removed my favorite segments?
quickly! to my stream! where i am vagrantly advertising it!.. and this is where my stream would go~ IF I HAD ONE!
/me kicks around some dirt "why don't I ever talk here anymore?" :(
is stream ded
Also my plan to transfer my tornadus thundurus and landorus has failed
DeadpoolDash: sadly yes
no idea Dken202
Dken2021: No one worth talking to?
Dken2021: I HAVE NO IDEA!
have anything interesting Dken2021?
/me is sleeping on a cloud
Meanwhile: even you?
cachi01: WUT :D
Dken2021: Lali ho
I cant get the item to change their formes unless they're specificly the ones caught from teh dream radar
otakon: Would you want to talk to me, given the choice?
specially Meanwhile
also, love you Flaria :D
oh, what's up?
Exactly, see, Lyra` knows.
Lyra` :3 ,3
<3*
^-^
kay, no i have laundry to change over
Also, do they sell cleaning rags for the 3ds?
Doubt it.
k enough 4chan for today
SpadeMagnes[School] aww that sucks
Probably not NOW, of course.
SpadeMagnes[School]: yh ofc
and then all the clean clothes that were in my closet will be MINE ALL MINE! MWHAHAHA
Maybe later on.
10 minutes of 4chan is enough
Meanwhile: yeah sure you're interesting
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1350950813065.jpg
oAo
At least I have Genesect
SpadeMagnes[School] couldn't you buy a micro fiber cloth?
Ohai Domo :3
CrimsonPhoenix: lol
I have a cleaning rag for my old ds would that work?
otkn pls
mfw theres already littles pet shop r34
CrimsonPhoenix XD
cachi01, of course
Hi~ and.....are you kidding me?
CrimsonPhoenix: :D
:3
I do like the Memory link changes the game dialouge somewhat
beep boop
son
yea, it really gives pokemon a deep story, which surprises me
MON VISAGE QUAND http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2175563/fullcredits#cast
When you see it guys
ALready did. :D
Erm..
Oh my god... Nolan North?
JOHN DE FUCKING LANCIE
JOHN DE LANCIE
JOHN DE LANICE
WUT
How many games has he been in now?
FAK
I'm not really a fan of Assasin's Creed, so I'm not sure if I'm going to get this game.
Assassin's Creed is pretty cool
climbing buldans
John De Lancie?
throat slingan
assassins creed is awesome
holy shit dude
assassin doods...
I stand by my point that Snes rainbow road is the worst track
Assassin's Creed...meh.
Yay! Landed a new project! I shan't go without money next month!
actually
VenHur: yep he plays william miles
how come SpadeMagnes[School]
I don't mind SNES Rainbow Road.
I want to try out AC3
it looks good
William Miles?
Well in 7 you cant boost at all or you pretty much fly off
G'night everypony! :)
Dafuq is that?
bye GilDash
night GilDash
nighty GilDash
Night, GilDash. :)
alexxm: And you know if you trail someone for awhile you can boost by?
Night GilDash.
Night GilDash :)
You mean drafting?
night GilDash :)
I have played assassin's creed, but have never bought any of those games
AJIsAwesome|MK7: Yea that
john de lancie is desmond's dad
You are pretty much fucked if you draft behind someone in that track
You fly right off
I actually like the immense difficulty of that track,
*.
the problem i have with assassins creed, is the ninja turtle complex basically :)
and curiously enough he's been in revelation as well
Ryunosuke ninja turtles?
Ryunosuke: how so?
i've never played revelation. but my brother did
NINJA TURTLES!
http://d24w6bsrhbeh9d.cloudfront.net/photo/4551101_460s_v1.jpg
>11 years old
>finishes all AC 100% in a week
Lyra` oh dear...
im like wut
anyone else think anime sandy is adorbz?
Lyra`: um wut
For some reason I never play as anyone besides Metal Mario
Lyra`: yes but the rest is creepy as hell
Lyra`: ...What?
thats what pops up when you google handsome squidward
Lyra`: que?
Lyra`: me and the rest is weird :(
SpadeMagnes[School]: I always play as either Mario or Metal Mario.
that and r34
back in the 80's ninja were cool because they.... flipped out and decapitated everyone on sight, which is NOT what ninja do, same as assassins creed assassins, yes they killed people, but they werent... flashy, that goes against EVERYTHING of being covert ;)
My main cart is the koopa car
I think mainly because of his massive speed stat.
Handsome Squidward you Myotismon looking little so and so (digimon reference for the win)
combined with the slick tires it drifts like a beaut
Ryunosuke: oh
Ryunosuke I'm guessing the trend is assaassins now
You can transfer data from one 3ds to another right?
Ryunosuke, no I get what he means
think of Twilight vampires
Does that include your data like your friend code?
if one was to be an assassin, one does NOT dress up in WHITE ARMOR with a CLOAK. One dresses up as a stableboy, or a pauper, or someone that NO ONE NOTICES :)
SpadeMagnes[School]: No don't think so.
while vampires are cool and all
Damn
THEY DO NOT SPARKLE UNDER THE SUN
unlike some lavender pony we all know and love
but they do count
And to this day, ninjas are STILL cool.
AJIsAwesome|MK7 and then all those fan theories about their parents would be ruined when there's a season 3 episode showing their parents, it would be glorious
Well so much for my idea of keeping all my data when I transfer it to my 3ds XL
Unlike vampires...
*scoffs*
brony for the win
http://29.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_leobr7Z7mO1qchw13o1_500.jpg
lawl Ryunosuke
god I love this music http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mKWwtNRBcKs
i felt it was relavent
Ryunosuke: you actually don a lutist disguise in Assassin's Creed Revelations
loll
I wonder when they're gonna make the next pokemon stadium/collisium
I have to go everyone, gonna go practice my art skills so i can finally try and draw a mlp character :D cya!
SpadeMagnes[School], never
well, i've been living a lie.........i dont know what to beleave know http://regator.com/p/257638252/blowing_on_cartridges_didnt_help_them_it_hurt/
ehh lutist is .... iffy
also
Well they did one for gen 4 so why not gen 5?
you guys played Stadium only for the mini-games
now
*
CrimsonPhoenix: I didn't. :S
people tend to notice a lutist, especially a really good one or a really bad one
CrimsonPhoenix: yep :3
AJIsAwesome|MK7, LIES
In fact, I played it for the cups. :S
Except alot less shitty
SpadeMagnes[School] if they were listening with their wallets, nintendo would allow one for the Wii U
That and the gym leaders.
EVERYONE PLAYS STADIUM FOR THE MINIGAMES
EVERY
http://regator.com/p/257638252/blowing_on_cartridges_didnt_help_them_it_hurt/ look we've been living a lie!!!!!!!
ONE
I always nickname my pokemon
The whole ALL CAPS pisses me off
I only nickname certain pokemon.
Ryunosuke: he plays music while other assassins stealthily eliminate targets
my first pokemon in crystal is called sex slave
Heres what I dont get
.....
my name is bigdick
oni_link, same rule applies :)
Crystal had animated sprites right?
Yep
cachi01: ....Let me guess...the pokemon was female?
Why did they drop it for R/S and brought it back for Emerald?
*shrugs*
SpadeMagnes[School] i think all of the 3rd games had moving sprites
VenHur: i really dont know........it was a chikorita (he/she already evolved)
-__- fuckin internet
No firered/leafgreen and ruby/sappire were still sprites
you know what feature I'd like they bring back? thew secret bases
Also you know whats great about Black/white 2?
Oh yeah...gender didn't appeared until Gen III...my bad cachi01.
Dken2021: I love that song, very smooth and relaxing :3
If you accidentaly K.O a legendary you can re fight it
what if they are already in the game but they are so secret that we havent found them Dken2021 :o
^
test
alexxm: A+
conspiracykeeanu.jpr :O
SpadeMagnes[School], ummm isn't that defeating the purpose?
/me sneaks into the chat and ats ALL the muffins
CrimsonPhoenix: Accidently kill, perhaps?
eats*
AJIsAwesome|MK7, no such thing as accidently kill
Im still confused why Heatran has genders
You have to judge carefully your move
Poison, burn, confusion kill?
btw theres this really weird giant pokemon im trying to catch but idk why but i cant fight him. and he also talks
iirc its name was oak
lawl oak
haha
cachi01, are you a boy or a girl?
boy...
Is that so?
What's your name boy?
XD
ba dum tss
Slow start seems like such a worthless ability
proffesor CrimsonPhoenix
LOL i private chated myself and the things i was saying were getting repeated
CrimsonPhoenix: bigdick
and it seems I forgot the name of my grandson, can you name him dick so we can move on?
Asshat
asshole
Gary :3
gary? i only know asshole
How much does the paralyze status cut your speed by?
he's been your rival since you twqo were babies...
SpadeMagnes[School]: 1/3
so we having a pokemon conversation? YAY
AJIsAwesome|MK7: I used flame charge so much I didnt even get slowed
should be half iirc
i only played up to 3rd gen
one time i named my rival crap
XD
http://www.geekstir.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/08/gary-oak-632x483.jpg
Also the AI cheats
Oak has TEN Kanto badges
Fought a boss's cofagrigus and it spammed protect and it constantly worked
he's that bad-ass
The shit
Charizard...overrated...pokemon...ever.
>sliver og health down
VenHur: I actually have to agree.
well.....fuck http://27.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lqm6tefwnC1qa095xo1_500.jpg
>Lance used Full Restore
Full restore spaaaam
As much as I love Charizardm it really is an overrated pokemon.
*Charizard
>FUUUUUUU
CrimsonPhoenix: Oak is a boss XD
Gameshark!
^
solution to all your problems
especially those unobtainable ones
Gamecat!
Nothing bothers me more than fighting unevolved pokemon when they should be evolved
what if i put nutella on pancakes
Bronysith then you have something delicous
companion cube badge is best badge
Alsoapperently you can get a item in B2/W2 that increases shiny encounter rates
Guess what you have to do though
cachi01, wow.
seriously?
/me Noms on the chat
http://www.mypokecard.com/en/Gallery/my/galery/pialgxPsuoTw.jpg
/me is nommed
Go on guess
Bronysith: they taste delicious
beat the elite 4?
Fill out the entire national pokedex
I love charizard ;~;
So yea....
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m5412bfoaM1rsy9pwo1_500.jpg
but dem stealth rocks :(
I love full restores to heal MY Pokemons, but I HATE how EVERY gym leaders uses Full Restores to THIER Pokemons!
ember is best attack
SpadeMagnes[School]: And out of all that, you only get a diploma.
BEST REWARD EVER.
That image depicts Oak having 152 Pokemon. Does that mean he even has a Missingno?
AJIsAwesome|MK7: Actually you get something better in B2/W2
mmhmm
AJIsAwesome|MK7: You get a item to increase shiny encounter rates
My mom enjoys trolling me
SpadeMagnes[School]: Only when you catch all of them?
as much as Scoot-Scootaloo enjoys trolling you guys
My guide says you have to fill the national dex first
sadly he isn't me http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m2qs7vpCSD1rt4yceo1_500.jpg
well at least that's something other than an electronic paper
Missingno is such a rare Pokemon...oh, and it's #000 to me
>_>
^
CrimsonPhoenix: :D
Some pokemon like vicitini or melotta are not required to fill it
Dat Scoot-Scootaloo.
So you CAN forget some
Scoot-Scootaloo? A troll? Pfft, nothing of the sort. _<
*<_<
So guys... did you hear about the brony language?
VenHur: missingno was going to be a real pokemon i think
Lemonaid costs 350...what the shit
Scoot-Scootaloo: fim++? yeah
ALready have, Scoots
cachi01: scumbag Lapras :(
00,03No not that...
then wut?
SpadeMagnes[School]: And healthcare is free. Logic, what's that?
A LENGUAGE LENGUAGE?
Who knows what MissingNo looks like, other than its glichy apperance.
language*
busy*
VenHur: me
Er,
VenHur: it looks like a ghost
busty lol
lol
:D
Well that escalated quickly
lol
busty...SEZ WUT NAO?
VenHur shut up.
00,03http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1350944980778.png
VenHur:i think it was supposed to be a glitch fixer but instead it did the opposite
I have yet to find out what the point of that rock with the cuts in it is for
00,03God help us... god help us all...
>A mod linking 4chan
lepep :3
Scoot-Scootaloo: I doubt people will actually use that. :D
>A user
> gives a fuck
has anybody seen the anime btoom?
/me flips table
and what is that?
Scoot-Scootaloo: fak this shit
/me catches the table
lepep nes
/me flips SpaceTransitPony
Scoot-Scootaloo Pofa?
/me flips SpadeMagnes[School]
nope
ohey Panda
"cum- love"
DO NOT WANT
^
^^
twilight_sprinkle of course cum = love....
Y'know
Changelings feed on love
cum = love irl?
just think about that
XD
..............
AND WITH THAT COMMENT, I STEP PUT OF IRC :/
wat... o___o
wha?
DO
Panda: :S
NOT
WANT
hahaha
cachi01, so you dont cum on the ones you love? XD
God help us all....god helps us all!
Panda: :S
Panda: XD
I don't get that chart
I for one want this.
What the blueberry FLUFF is going on?
I don't.
^
Kurra: *shrugs*
oh come on its just 1 link
I DO!
...Sooo...uhh...
what's the chart for?
MOVING ALONG~
Who likes Sin and Punishment...? ^-^||
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ze9K4uJgYXM&feature=plcp Go Go General Guy!
Have a pic :3 http://derpibooru.org/129915
Hi Everypony :)
Hi
Hi OtakuTom :)
Panda: because my client seldom lags like all hell broken loose in bronystate
Hi, OtakuTom. :)
Hi UnfadingVirus :)
thelonepony: aww
VenHur would've tried it, but currently wii can't open the wii shop channe;
ello UnfadingVirus
L :3 http://derpibooru.org/125377
/me starts jumping on some goombas
what are we doing? This is my 1st time here?
SpadeMagnes[School]: Shy Guys are my second Mario enemy/ character ever :3
Music I like http://youtu.be/W7VRIC2TEs8
brony language does not let you say "do not want"
UnfadingVirus oh just random discussions here and there
UnfadingVirus: Welcome to bronystate. :)
thank you.
Make sure to read the Rules :)
ANOTHER PERSON TO GREET!
yes plz
ew rules
YAY
And the FAQ.
rules are good
And do not ASK FOR PONIES!!
Ew, sprinkles.
:3
Welcome UnfadingVirus!
shaddup eyjey
WELCOME TO BRONYSTATE UNFADING
:O
thx
OI
But most importantly, you must read my mind 0_o
UnfadingVirus, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ix7vrluEm4E
You starin, Sprinkles?
yurherz plz
stop startij eyjey
...:) Hey Hey Hey - Who asked for ponies?
*startin
BORNESETH
PLS
Start stoppin you two
Start stoppin's sprinkles!
BRONHELETH PLS
SpadeMagnes[School]: I used to hang out and walk around just because I liked this remix http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNoPBxgrQXA&feature=relmfu
Oi' stop Startin
GO
CrimsonPhoenix Wow. haha:D
dat Pinkie welcome song
stop stoppin and start startin
Yer mum's a slag! :3
wut r u doin >_>
Oi' stop Startin
:) Nopony asked for ponies? >_> <_<
well....yea UnfadingVirus, besides the freak out of people asking for ponies, you'll be fine
Fackin naggits
You're new Unfading?!
oi, YER mas the s;ag
THEY TOOK OUR JOBS!
>_>
U wot m8?
*slag
Quick, the welcome song!
:O
UnfadingVirus, also http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2637/
yep
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jI_MxBDYPA Objection!
OK Then :) *fades back into shadows*
You take that back, Sprinkles!
VenHur, already did
this is what happens when i try to type with my knuckles
Oi lad
u wot m8
nu eyjey
Dee Cee Deeee
08,01evenin' DCd
I just saw the welcome song.
09,01Do you guys know what time it is?
VenHur CrimsonPhoenix already did it
/me glomps NewDCD
twoilight_sparkels And Ayejay Stahp
Hi, NewDCD. :)
NewDCD: tool time?
Adventure time?
NewDCD: TImey time
UnfadingVirus, We suggest you go read the rules, about us and faq
NewDCD: 7:43 PM?
Game Time!
stop stoppin tehlonpon
sprinkles pls
/me is watching the Bears/Lions Monday Night Football game.
NewDCD: IT'S CLOBBERING TIME?
eyjey pls go
all right
in general Bronystate is a place where bronies hang out and share their various interes
NewDCD, it's time I redouble my discipline on this fast of mine.
NewDCD: Adventure Time?
sprinkles u go
NewDCD: Please say Bingo, please say Bingo!
naow
Sprainkles Go awy Pls
Ohai NewDCD
(CM Punk reference)
HAHAHAHAHA... Bears Football
no tehlonpny
/me hugs DCD \:3/
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKQzP1VfHJA&feature=relmfu I love this track
NewDCD: Time to maim a member of the stream?
yus sprinkles
(The THING reference)
SENTAI TIME DCD?!
oh hello there DCD
shaddup eyjey, u mst go nao
Bronystate's main thing is Brony Movie Night which is each friday at 7 Eastern
Is it time for another epic DCD facecam?
in it we watch two movies and two pony episode
where many lols are had?
Yeeaaaay
XD
Sprakles ayejay pls stahp
Hey, there's no reason to laugh at Bears football. They're 4-1 right now, and have a good chance to make 5-1 after tonight
Anyone have a copy of Natural Selection 2?
DCD has face cammed before?
THAT REALLY RUSTLED MY JIMMIES
one movie of high rating/budget and the other with low rating/budget
I just got a server up and runing for it :3
CrimsonPhoenix: don't forget: WE also stream the premieres of MLP: FIM episodes
AJIsAwesome|MK7: eeyup
09,01it's
09,01JoJo time
2nd best stream of all time
:O
JOJO
JOJO!
Dark92Enigma, thank you so much
woooo
:O
WHOO HOO!
ooh, my favorite time
Dodge ball timE1
*time
OH BBYS
Mojo Jojoj?
JOJO Yesh :3
OPPA JOJO STYLE
we do also stream new MLP episode as they come live for all to see
09,01also just preemptively putting this out there
Good to have you back DCD :3333 ZA WARUDO
is DCD a new mod or an old one that i havent seen yet? or is he just one of the fellow mods
09,01if any of you ever
09,01ever
sonicandmario85: Old.
ever
09,01speak in poni language near me
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE-VER
Allow me to introduce myself, newcomer.
what's poni language
BE THE SAME
A-GAIN
09,01as in the new language thing that is mindblowingly stupid
I don't get it
I am some brony who likes tacos. END OF STORY!
wait, we have a language?
NewDCD:sup moderator i never met before :3
we will get a cookie NewDCD ?
CrimsonPhoenix: Did you see the post Scoots had?
09,01I'll punch you so hard you're gonna be kissin' Luna's moon
Hi everypony
Hi, Coldays. :)
Hi Coldays :3
ello Coldays
New age Bronies Aint got SHIT on the old school fandom
08,01NewDCD: what the fudge are you talking about?
We have a new language thingy?
09,01and the less you know about it the better
Which one, heh....
AJIsAwesome|MK7, that's it? it's completely ridiculous
08,01NewDCD: give us an example
It's so fun to be a brony. :)
NewDCD: Okais :3
lul
Since when such thing camed to exist?!
night guys
UnfadingVirus: It sure is. :)
Night alexxm :)
whoever came up with it needs to hang itself
Pony language? O_o...What in the world did I miss while I was away?
bye alexxm
NewDCD: New language? you mean refering ourselves as everypony, and calling arms and legs as ''hooves'' and all that sort?
nite alexxm
Night, alexxm. :)
09,01I'd link it, but it's so mindblowingly stupid I'd feel bad if I did it
good night alexxm
night alexxm
09,01not what Dark said
/me hugs alexxm
Whoooo! Bears touchdown!!!
its ok, i Am mindblowingly stupid, so ill link it
NewDCD: IT'S NOT!?
09,01that's...fine most of the time if you don't overdo it
no stream
/me speaks pony language to NewDCD
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1350944980778.png
Dark92Enigma, I saw the chart and it's nothing like that
What twilight_sprinkle posted.
>if you dont over do it
The fuck is this shit?
dont give them ideas
CrimsonPhoenix: which chart?
09,01we need some MANime to wash away that vile flavor
ok sompony has to tell me how to talk in 3rd person, i want to hug people too
09,01so MANime coming right up
Dark92Enigma: The one Scoots and twilight_sprinkle posted. :)
Dark92Enigma, click on twilight_sprinkle's link
^
Who the the fuck came up with that shit?
NewDCD: to the Bacon Vision Mobile!
DCD: Sengoku Basara? :D
no dont click on twilight_sprinkle 's link, hes a prick
twilight_sprinkle: Why would you say that? :D
why
AJIsAwesome|MK7: CrimsonPhoenix CHALLENGE ACCEPTED (insert image here)
twilight_sprinkle: :D
AJIsAwesome|MK7: because hes a prick :I
twilight_sprinkle:your not a prick D:
Your not a prick twilight_sprinkle :3
UnfadingVirus: He's making fun of himself on purpose. :D
^^
oh
......*you're :3
twilight_sprinkle: Oh, you! :P
:3 thnx
your
tehee
nou!
yus!
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lsh0j5rpiT1qj6boeo1_1280.jpg
Hyes
CrimsonPhoenix: :D
is there a stream?
09,01anyways we live
Yep
OH.....MY.....GOD.
Stream
Oh hi window
CrimsonPhoenix: because types XD
09,01can you guys see a logo?
Nope
yes
nope.avi
top right, eyjey
That was.....WHAT THE FUCK DID I JUST READ!=?
09,01okay
twilight_sprinkle: Oh. :3
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lqixc7EEaz1r26l2jo1_250.gif
09,01let's get dangerous
<3
I see stream
Nope.chuck_testa
DCD, it's good to see your streams again :333
ADVENTURE TIME?
Yes.............!
it is alive
time for epics
NewDCD stream? O.O
AWW YEAH! DARKWING DUCK!
...Wait a second...
Duwang duB?
woah what
wtf?
what is this?
this doesnt look like what we watched last time
...This isn't Darkwing Duck...
09,01first up, Rerun of JoJo 1 +2 and episode 3
also, NewDCD, be my valentine?
NewDCD: dude you're streaming?
What is this?
:)
09,01it's JOJO
O-O-O-OPPA JOJO STYLE
hm, thats a lot of rerun
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure.
/me hugs NewDCD "Good to have you back mate!"
00,03JoJo is MLJo~
..........
Scoot-Scootaloo: LOL
JOMO-SLOMO-NOMO
Ouch
:3 less than 30 second in & this anime just sparked my interest at the mask
Cypresswolf: you'll see
Cypresswolf: You'll see what it does. It's pretty interesting. :)
DARIO!?!?!
magic mask?
CrimsonPhoenix: AJIsAwesome|MK7 What the hell did i just read btw? who came up with that, Dr Insano?
THE BLOOD!
I was trying to watch ponies on youtube, then this came on and the sound was freaking me out.
Coldays: you could say that
Dark92Enigma: *shrugs*
Why wont you accept my valentine, NewDCD?
^_^ Spooky! I <3 Spooky
/me Dr Insano: GENIUS! THIS IS A WORK OF GENIUS!
Dark92Enigma, someone that needs to tighten up his loose
09,01Lyra
Dio
Dio can you hear me?
XDDDD
09,01because it's the middle of October
DIO?
does that matter?
I meant noose
I HEAR A FAMILIAR VOICE ACTOR~
yeah Dio Brando
No Dio fuq you.
In the end, Dont we all need booze?
DAT DODGE
DOOOOOOODGE
DEM MANNERS
indeed
Lol DCD
WAIT....what was that
Dat language
hmmm he didn't stab him
OH
MY
Dabi :3
GOD
WUT
so, you wont accept it? NewDCD?
Hey give me back my dall
O_o
creeps
....Ew.....
CREEPS!
:S
dont break my heart babe.
dem pervs
SMARTYPAAAAAAAAAAAAANTS!
NO BUFFER WHY NOW?!
DAMMMMMMIT!
oh well.
i also got buffer
Jojo KICK THEIR ASSES!
Blue Hair!
MOOOOOOOOORTAL ----
Kombat?
well that was underwhelming
attack fail
jojo?
fine then!
Dont fuq with Jojo :|
Damn how do you manage to roll a -1 on damage?
oh this one again. it's silly
>implying I do Valentines
otakon, youre my valentine. accept it.
So, which series is this anyway?
omg noo that guy
Lyra`: O_o
been having so much trouble with the internet latley :(
There is another <----.....
dabis valentines are dead squirrels :P
find him, you will.....
twilight_sprinkle: :D
it's funny that he's looking out for Dio
so wat is this
I know it's Jojo's Bizarre Adventure, but It doesn't look like it's the original '90s version.
your not the only one superretroworld
it actually show's he has a bit of humanity in him
LunasGuard|COD: Jojo
It's october...and you're asking each other for valentines?
You call that fighting?
the GENTLEMEN!
AND BY FIGHTING, i mean getting my ass kicked
Coldays: well lets just hope out internet will be better soon
Wow he died fast
https://images.4chan.org/q/src/1350950395869.jpg
indeed
damn
otakon: jojo wat?
Dat Dio
CrimsonPhoenix: wtf is that from? XD
LunasGuard|COD: ask NewDCD he's streaming
havent we seen this before?
AJIsAwesome|MK7: my guess is they already started
NewDCD: dude how have you been? long time no see :)
Rerun, Lyra`.
oni_link, the next brand new best show coming in the HUB
oh.
eww
Dark92Enigma: :D
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure
Lyra`: we've seen ONE series but not this one
at the same date as MLP FiM Season 3
CrimsonPhoenix: GREAT >.>
Indeeeeed
ohh
woah now that was an entrance
BAM!
Show off much?
eeyup just you wait
OUCH
WHAT?!
wat
O____O
LOL
What a twist dun dun duuuunnnn!
Holy..
Oh Danny Dog! Oh Danny Dog! The- Wait WATO_O
WHat a douche!
DOG KIIIIIIIIIIIICCCCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKK
why
KICK HIS ASS JOJO!
BULLSHIT
HE KILLED MUH DAWG
LYING BASTARD!
the stonemask
http://i1302.photobucket.com/albums/ag134/Petrified_Discord/TEMP.png
My name is Jojo. You killed my dog. Prepare to die!
Hey stream?
lol
well this will not end well
Petrified_Discord: :D
Kurra: eeyup from the esteemed NewDCD
I have a proposition, for when no one has anything to stream
which is?
Mask
Anyone ever heard DJ Food's Raiding the 20th Century?
....
nope
Damn why is Jojo such a weakling in this?
What a dick
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure heard of it never been to interested in it
09,01this is grandaddy JoJo
It's a sample/mix/music history track, that taught me so much about all kinds of music and even sound art.
NUMBAH WANDA
09,01Jotaro was the third JoJo
So is everyone in this universe an asshole?
NewDCD: he was never this much of a wimp though...
Its called Hospitality :|
"I won't let anyone TM87 over me."
Petrified_Discord: oh no, some are absolute saints really
AJIsAwesome|MK7: you still on Pokemon? XD
so what's this then?
dose the mask make him turn into jim cairy from The Mask?
I have it, and... it's really educational, and has historic pieces of sound, is really cool.
Captain Dickhead's magic castle?
Douche
SHAMEFUR DISPRAY
o_o
Dio is a dick
aww
baka
Pentagon games! Yay!
welp this won't end well
OH GOD DAMN IT
BOXING MATCH!
yh he's screwed
bam
BAM
and to think Jojo was winning
09,01seems the stream is a bit delayed, gonna restart it during the commercial break
Dio will hurt him
aww how cute :) JoJo thinks he can fight
Waitaminute! THAT'S Dio?!
/me just put 2 and 2 together
Cypresswolf: well he WAS winning before
Dat footwork
NewDCD: isnt it always delayed for the viewers though?
PAWNCH
PAIN
a boxing anime?
he's not aiming for the face
09,01yeah but excessively so this time
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
there he goes
DAMN!
KO!
Did he make him a Demoman? D:
Piece of shit.
Dio...... -_-
LIES
Kurra: kind of I guess... but Jojo doesn't drink
LIES AND DECIET
Kurra: it looks like he attempted it
Why
09,01okay tell me when the JoJo logo appears on screen
That idiot blond guy is filth
johnny bravo pulls all the ladys <3
NewDCD: now
THERE
NewDCD: now
It's on the screen.
now
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Hasbro Conference Call Reveals Possible Reason for 13 Episodes in Season 3
trying to injure anyone's eye is unforgivable
agreed
that's a low blow
09,01restarted
/me hates when her favorite voice actors play mean charaters
the work of a cur
yay!
i love johnny bravo!
i'd date him ;3
well it is forgivable possibly, but it's... it's just THAT wrong
Domo: oh really?
2012 anime looks like something from fist of the north star
Assholes
otakon: Yep, Dio is being voiced by the voice actor of my coming to anime
:|
09,01the first and second parts of JoJo were heavily inspired by Fist of the North Star
Domo: oh ...heywhen did you start showing up here? in the last week or so?
09,01and the manga is from the early to mid eighties and still ongoing
quickly run quickly quickly run
Best feakout ever :D
at least he still has Danny
And calm
09,01basically the creator hadn't allowed for an anime adaptation until he could get a staff that could adapt his unique artistic vision
and then he kills the dog I'm sure
oh it that girl
Danny, he's not That lonely - at least I hope not
I can feel it coming
09,01I mean the guy gets showcases of his arts in museums, even the freaking Louvre once
Stalker chick!
oof~ rule 63 johnny bravo has an attractive voice <3
Awwww :3
otakon: Oh?...Well i've been on BronyState for a whie now xD I've only started streaming yesterday and talking in here more
09,01but yeah, the manga part of this is from before most of us were born
Dat face
this anime develops so fasts. last time it was streamed, i wentto make a sandwich, and missed 17 years
ohh it dat love<3
09,01then again
Domo: cool! I thought I had met most of the regulars already is all
09,01my theory is that
....DIO.
lol them swimsuits
YOU MAIMED FLUTTERSHY!
GO AWAY
otakon: Ahh xD
hey YO wuts up everypony:)
and DIO DON'T YOU DARE.
NOT YOU AGAIN
oni_link: it's the early 1900's ofc that's the style
09,01Araki knew one day, the anime industry would be shit
Hi scout19_tf2 :)
/me buries otakon in a sea of tang
...Good lord.
hi scout19_tf2~
NOT THE TANG!
09,01and decided to adapt a JoJo anime THEN to save the industry
/me flies out of the tang
You fucking bastard
....Oh god. PLEASE NO.
KISSU
oh no
otakon: I know but it caught me off guard
hi scout19_tf2
O_o
EW.
YOU FUCKING PRICK!
pervert
And that's supposed to stop her? :S
NewDCD: the art style was the first thing that made me think that
...Oh, that son of a-
09,01it's symbooooooooooooolic
I FEEL THE URGE TO KICK THIS GUY'S ASS!
:O WHAT A TWIST
That's like that era's 3rd base!
This guy is 100% douche
[This message has been censored by tacos]
NewDCD: CAW
she's trying to wash his FILTH away
Dio is a prick
THIS GUY IS A CAD
dat bitch slap
09,01with MUD
she's basically saying he's nastier than mud
VenHur: can i has tacos :3?
dio.....you are DEAD TO ME
Pathetic piece of shit.
09,01and that's the first indication of the fact Erina is a badass
agreed
no dont run
and she's ashamed
09,01sadly we don't really see that again until Battle Tendency, in which she is FULL BADASS
So has Erina only had a single line? Really?
bugger
/me gives a taco to everypony.
honey, youre tore up from the floor up~
And I thought Gary was the highest form of a being a dick.......
Hey I've seen this scene before in a screencap
Kick some ass, Jojo
NewDCD: wat time line is this
09,01fucker be BURNING JUSTICE
/me noms on the taco :3
KICK THEIR ASSES!
DEEEEEEEEEEOOOOOO
dorant
DIIIIIIIIIIOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
oof~
DIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!
UNF!
look at that jenny brava <3
I WILL SAY YOUR NAME IN VAIN!
/me noms VenHur s taco
Say his name in vain? what is he God?
Someone's pissed.
DIIIIIIIIIIIIIOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
i wish i could accept the taco but
Is anyone else watching this joke of a debate? If either would be a brony, I'd vote for them though
thanks VenHur
EWW
And so are you Dio
DAMMIT DIO!
she has poni on her shirt, and i LOVE IT <3
the other day?
dio da bitch
hey, How does the movie night thing work?
Dat jacket lining
UnfadingVirus: you enter a survey and they randomly pick a movie
ah.
MORTAL KOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT
Does he have a fucking dimension in his coat?
penguins2946: i would never vote even if any of them is a brony :|
KICK HIS ASS!
GO JOJO GO
So how did Dio end up being living with Jojo?
09,01Jonathan does NOT give a fuck about option selects
And why is he such a prick?
BANG!
well i'm new here. I already saw the welcome song.
headbut
penguins2946: Honestly, if I were to even consider voting, I wouldn't vote because they are a brony. I would vote to see which one is the better leader of a nation.
dam
COMBO
YATatatatatatatattata
KICK HIS ASS JOJO!
Dat mask
FUS RO DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
blood
oh crap
ULTRAAAA COMBOOOOO!
NOT GOOD!
Now, Blood :3
Of course its powered by blood
09,01Dio's dad was pilfering an accident, in which the victim was JoJo's dad, but his dad was alive and he thought he was saving him....so it's repaying a favor to Dio's deceased dad
magic mask! magic mask!
Pussy.
WHY THE FUCK NOT
oof~ that black haired girl, i wanna be her girlfriend
BECAUSE HE CAN
it's a TRICK!
Both candidates are equally as stupid, so you're screwed either way.
oh, btw im watching old episodes of johnny bravo
....DEFENSELESS?!
WHAT?!
Magic Mask hides while dad is there?
BULLSHIT
WHY IS HIS DAD SO BLIND?!
penguins2946: Yo don't day
derp..6_9
Cause you know, the knife was totally not in view for 5 seconds.
Coldays: no it reacts temporarily to blood
Say*
otakon: The plot demands it?
ohh
fire
NO DON'T BURN THE BOX!
inb4 explosion
IT'S DANNY!
NO! :(
?
Whats in the box? Whats in the *yay*ing BOX?
O_O
OPEN IT!
oh fuq
help him dumb ass
O_O
HOW'd IT GET BURNED
Oh God it was Danny
09,01yeah in the manga we got a panel of Danny popping out of the burner on fire
Why :(
I can feel it
haha TrixieMuffins
Dio....the new DINKLEBURG.
HOWDITGITBURND
Oh my god.....
DIO YOU MOTHERFUCKER!
Dio Killed the DOG???
NewDCD: that mustve looked pretty
;_;
So...the dog was burned?
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure the game on xbox
FUCK MAN :(
oni_link: Yep.
yeah
next time don't just stand there while sompony gets burned alive
Well that was a waste of nicely cooked dog
Ok I'm gonna have to watch someone Keroro Gunso so I don't hate this voice actor
Danny, nooo :'(
09,01don't worry guys, by the end of the third episode we'll have a nice enough mini-climax to make everyone satisfied
Domo: lol
Debate's on! :o
Dat timejump
09,01also BRACE FOR ROUNDABOUT
Magic Mask!
Man I'm pretty
Lovely end credits :)
theme music!
romney or obama?
yes, yes you are dari~
nice outro music
09,01this song is from a british band and was made in the 70's
09,01it's actually a pretty popular prog rock song
NewDCD: oh yeah it was... I remember it now
NO POLITICS
Aztecs walls?
Me gusta NewDCD
09,01Roundabout by YES
damn I haven't heard this in years
scout19_tf2: Neither
this anime just won me over
yeees xD
^
thelonepony: ikr they both suck
dat mask
She's fiiiiiiine
1888
Suddenly Jack the Ripper?
Jack The Ripper...the hell really?
Jack the Ripper? Oh Hell Yes! ^_^
09,01Jack the Ripper becomes important later on
09,01also BRACE FOR BEST OPENING EVER
Jack the Ripper ouo~!
err
sound problems there, nvm
the sound is cutting out!
nice animatics
09,01nah it always lags there for some reason
09,01might be the encoding
oh
Hey look, the got SFIV graffix in my anime
not a bad theme song
*they
09,01also 3DCG made identical to Araki's original art style
Suddenly the girl has brown hair, not blond?
NewDCD: I can see that
The animation is AMAZING.
kind of how vegeta had brown hair before landing on earth
sneeks and cap~
So why does the style change so much between eps 1 and 2?
DCD, DIS OPENING.
Sneaks and cap~
09,01it didn't
i love johnny bravo
I love this opening <3
09,01it's just the OP
Og
lets talk about it more~
Oh*
Lyra`: what's that about sneeks and caps?
FOOTBALL!
look eggball
09,01you know that video
Hand egg?
there was one anime called btoom, and some fat crazy guy abuses this girl and starts playing with her boobs, quite disturbing
09,01"Every Opening to Every Anime Ever"?
ahhhhhhhhhhhh
yea Johnny Bravo was a good show
dat face
195cm giant?
really?
God damn he got buff
09,01better change its name to "Every Opening to Every Anime Ever Except for JoJo's Bizarre Adventure"
I'll be back, need to brushie me teeth.
THIS ISN'T EVEN MY FINAL FORM
if you wanna get down you gotta wear a cap, its phat cat, and its stupid and phat~
09,01DAT JOJOTRAIN
AND HE KEEPS GOING!
^
Hell I can do that to be honest
jojos on steroids
All aboard the JoJo train! Woo woo!
like a BOSS
DIO!?!
all the girlies like me, but i like ham~
>it's a try
lol this is pretty awesome actually
wtf is this
japanese football?
This isn't rugby
O_O
Friendship?
T-they're....friends?
lol lyra`
awwwwww freindship
Bullshit!
wait
You have to pass backwards in rugby though
they became friends?
HWO!?
a lot can happen in 7 years
brothers?
true
Lyra`: what kind of playa are you?
freindship is magic
Lies and deceit
jojo n dio = friends
Good GOD that buff
^
fighting is magic
yh Jojo is 6'3"
Looks like he took steroids between episodes 1 and 2
7 years ago
ohai BronyPony :)
BronyPony: yea that too
AHAH
jees they are freakin tanks
Hi BronyPony
09,01My Hotblooded JoJo: Friendship is LIES
dem eyes
Aaaaand there we go.
i have all this kids next door to share with you guys, and nowhere to put it >.<
I KNEW IT!
indeed NewDCD
...
oh snap hes evil
Can't be Dio without beinga douchebag
Lyra`: damn that sucks... I really enjoy KND
NewDCD: i watch that
EVIL?
NewDCD can we have seapon... KND?
someponies gonna die:[
My Little Dio: Friendship is Imbecilic
^
:'(
brb making dio pony
lol
My Little Dio: Fuck You Jojo, I'm Getting All Your Money
Which pony might i ask?
hahaha
hahahahaha
hahaha XD
XD
Ohai Domo
Oooh :'o
and hi~
Ignore the evil glare he has
Petrified_Discord: .... that fits
BLUD
Magic Mask!?!?!
woah shit
Coldays: not really magic
Coldays: no pony in the show
headcrab
mask of suprise
it reacts to blood
headcrab mask
fai
l*
it has fangs
think for a minute on that
inb4 the mask kills someone
what not even a little magic or even one pony?
08,01bugger!
poisoning
letsa poison it!
POISONING!
08,01i missed out on a chance to play on stage with Amanda Palmer!
Dio: NNNNNUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU. me: okay.....
the epic closeup
08,01she was looking for string players near Glasgow
STOP HIM NOW!
08,01LadyCanary: i absolutely fucking LOVE AFP
HE KILLED HIS OWN FATHER!?
WUT THE FU DIO
arm wrestle!
-____-
08,01eeyup
WOAH FREAKY eyes
And i'm back.
Dio used Mean Look
What I missed?
eyes. and Welcome bak!
back*
08,01i've been listening to her since way back when; Dresden Dolls days
welcome back, VenHur! :)
08,01first heard her back in 2004
Dat pride
wb VenHur
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1350940157962.png Lyra`
VenHur: Jojo found out that Dio is poisoning his father but he doesn't have the guts to carry through with it
DIO PUUUNCH
Dat purple
Dio: Punches and fails
yeah no effect
HA!
:D
fail eye poke
Dat thumb
RUMBLE
NOT THIS TIME PRICK
rumble
Get wrecked son!
and not trusting a friend is the #1 cous for loosin a friend FOREVER!! but i dont like him so go ahead
KICK HIS ASS!
FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT
riot riot riot
GO DIO GO!
FOR PRODUCT PLACEMENT
FIGHT THAT ASSHOLE!
:[ GOO :[
CHAAAAAAAAAAAAANGE
dat faec
good lord
RumbleRumbleRumbleRumbleRumbleRumbleRumbleRumble
YOU GOT CHAAAAAAAAAANGE
hes cursed?
Couldn't Dio just have, y'know, been nice and shared the family fortune with Jojo?
this is pretty awesome I like this anime
hebacked out :(
so cus his dad was abusive he is?
dat rumble
TEST YOUR MIGHT
MORTAL KOMBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT
09,01that'd be out of character for Dio fucking Brando
poor butlers
woah
ikr otakon
Suddenly Sherlock
lol
>leave his father alone with Dio
wat
Why?
.
Dio wins the fight.>_>
09,01he left him with a troupe of Doctors tending to him 24/7
oh this idiot
So is the mask evil or not?
he has NO idea what that mask truly does
09,01and Dio needs an untraceable crime
Coldays: oh it's neither good or evil.. it is only a tool
I love how whenever they say someone's name they have to pause and then say it really fast. "I need to find a way to get rid of...JOJO."
lol
then i want one
lol wut?
Coldays: um you'll see what it does though... I will say it's not pretty however
its the triads
a cat eating a puppy
WAHT?!
...Oh....
Oh bby.
so i dont want one?
suddenly crazies...what is this Fallout?
A cat eating a puppy?!
HA!
09,01NUTBLADDER
whatever ill find out
i wont be talking much till my internet gets better
DAFUQ ANIME?!
go ahead
nutbladder!
i dare u
LAG
nutbladder!
nutbladder
what
nut bladder XD
fail
im watching Johnny Bravo meets scooby doo <3
PUNCH
the hell is a nutbladder?
anD SO MANY MEMORIES
nutbaldder.
I lol'd.
Also, it IS possible to grab a blade and have it pulled without cutting yourself. Just a funfact :)
lol?
Oddjob?
Scooby Bravo
Dat hat
I really like his mane
BLADE HAT!
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1350953334037.jpg
ouch
anime?
oddjob?
^
ouch!
epic knife :(
wait wut?
Fail!
i will kill the everything of bronystate, and take its fortune for myself
lol
ded
Dat slow mo falling
go away dabi
XD
09,01you should be Prince-Dio
ouch to the wrist
lol?
yreally?
yeah prince-dio
holy SHIT
Dabi pls
REEEEALLY? a mob?
wut an idiot
whats thsi anime?
no shit you should not have messed whith him
why so many crazies?
We have two Daru's now?
fack
in
hell
doshwothronbows pls
Speedwagon?!
inb4 2 Jaymoo :D
some thing Jojo
okay WHY is Ogre Street FULL of goddamn psychopaths?
Daru would liek 2 Joomay's, wouldn't you Daru?
Speedwagon? I recognize that name
otakon: what do you expect of a street called ogre?
HOLY GOD ANIME
Jojo, y u so manry \:3/
I LIKE HIM!
And no Val... >.>
sup suckas?
cachi01: it's ENGLAND not the goddamn wilds of Gaul
GENTLEMEN!
JO JO
hes a naasty one
AND THUS A FRIENDSHIP WAS BORN!
mojo jojo
YAY FRIENDSHIP
MOJOJOJO
09,01My Standless JoJo: Friendship is Nutbladder-busting
drunk lol
And thus JoJo befriended Nightmare Moon and returned her to Luna.
xDDD
haha
lol
ugly face
dat drinking
DIO, STOP DRINKING :[
>minger
lol that laugh
Lel
drunken master!
lol liick
how dare you insult the king of metal
:|
NO NOT THE MASK!
slaaaap
wo
pain
:O
wat
the ultimate steroid
oh crap the mask
oww
Twang!
twaaang
O_O
cachi01: ozzys the king of metal, not dio
ohh shit
kick
Actually, the king of metal is Chuck Schuldiner
and now you will see THE POWER OF THE MASK!
wut a dick
its AAAAAAALLLLLLLIIIIIIVE
Gotta get the tophat
IT LIVES.
now hes a bad ass right
The Mask Never Dies. :|
wait
he dead.
This seems trippy...
it liiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiivvvvvvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeesssssss
VAMPIYAH
woah shit da fuq? vampire?
TWILIGHT!
O_o
Vampier
Ohshoot oAo
guys on masks are so OP
Vampire
lol wooooah
kill it now
Wait
JESUS
That's Jack the Ripper then?
Dio made him?
kill it whith fire
its the ultimate steroid
vampire?
eeyup
HOLY FUCKING SHIT
09,01nope, that's much later
otakon: GOD CAN'T HELP YOU NOW
Vampire
your screwed
btw im going to a slash concert =D and the vocalist of alter bridge will be there also!
WOAH
he just PUNCHED DOWN A WALL
I DON'T WANT ONE
ahhhhhhhhhhh grody
cachi01: Nice! :)
IN HIS NECK OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO :O:O:O
Suck dat blood
and time for the blood sucking
KASKAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
suck my
kiss
BURN MOTHERFUCKER
and the sun
Suck it Dio.
roast in hell fool!
Ded
oh hes ded.
ded
FAIL
and burnt to a crisp
cachi01: rhcp?
he IS a vampire
superretroworld: yep
What is this anime called?
yup thats a vempire
good thing u didnt use that on Jojo, or you would get OWNED
stupid battery. so what happened after jojo was all gentlemen like to those thugs?
lol
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure
all the aggravated DPS
HoodyNinja: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure, pretty good stuff actually
And as this is happening, Thomas the Tank Engine is on in the background where I am.
oni_link: Dio found out the power of the Stone Mask
Twisted? My plot is pristine!
DIO U SO BUSTED!
lol naw!
oh wow
this is a Bizarre Adventure
tobecontinued
and thats how Dio lived through a vampier attack
:)
Coldays: yh the dawn will do that
oni_link: Killed one of them, used the mask on the other. That one turned into a vampire, almost killed Dio, but vaporized when the sun appeared.
....This.
This ending. SO AWESOME
NEXCHT ADVENCHURE!
IT REMINDS ME OF RUSH
08,01wait
I have yet to see a girl in this
08,01Dio's dead?
Nope
LadyCanary: tis YES
no
the vampire vaporized
...Wait.
IT'S FROM YES?!
well which dio?
09,01yeah
well im glad the vampiers not being able to withstand sunlight rule still applys
09,01Roundabout by YES
Holy fucking shit.
LadyCanary: ikr
lol
09,01Araki has a boner for western musical references
09,01you'll see a lot of them starting part 4
AJIsAwesome|MK7: so vampires now, cool :P
09,01but Speedwagon is a good one
ILL BE THERE WIT YEW
09,01Robert Edward O. Speedwagon
TT_TT So awesome DCD.
09,01REO Speedwagon
OMG
lol wut
08,01i love Amanda Palmer's new album
YAY EPISODE 3!
:[
ok i realy want one but not for me maby for a friend
is it dolan translation time?
09,01nah that's after ep 3
twoiloight_sprunkl pls
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1350944541542.png
cashieoh-wun, go pls
REO Speedwagon
yeah lots of music related puns and names in this
Dio is gonna die tonite.
no he's not
ohh the truth is here
scooby doo and the ghost gems or something
he's too cagey for that
If Dio dies, can I have his top hat?
(im horrible)
lol jojos bizzare adventure??
But we want Dio to die
brb everypony
Lyra`: the 13 Ghost's of Scooby Doo?
He's a prick
0,5WITNESS THE HORROR
True.
/me gives Domo dio's hat
and xD
09,01but Dari, you've seen him in Part 3
0,5OF MY GHOSTLY GHOST PIRATES
ohaI BaconMane
YAY! :'D
Ohai BaconMane
No, Dio is awesome!
Got BO? Get Dio!
0,5......
bullets!
cachi01: love that band
NewDCD: Haha, I can't deny he is pretty badass by then
Ohai BaconMane :)
HoodyNinja: dat fosters
HoodyNinja: Dat Foster's reference :D
Dio will win the fight. >_>
superretroworld: which one? rhcp?
hiya BaconMane
hokuto hyakuretsu﻿ ken
http://derpy.me/OCIZc
cachi01: yep
gotta go.....my battery is running short
09,01Dio gets better halfway through Phantom Blood
0,5WITNESS THE HORRO
bye
0,5OF MY GHOSTLY
0,5GHOST
0,5PIRATES
09,01when he starts respecting JoJo in his own way
superretroworld: yeah they re fakin awesome :)
Bye, Dark92Enigma. :)
/me points
Petrified_Discord, best crossover
BaconMane: OOOOOOOOOOOO
Bye Dark92Enigma :)
bye Dark92Enigma
BaconMane: Meh, I've seen better
see ya Dark92Enigma take care
cya Dark92Enigma :)
http://imgur.com/yLbEL
latas DaringDerpy
fail
0,5AJIsAwesome Got the joke! :D
NewDCD: y u spoil
Dark92Enigma:
Bye Dark92Enigma
09,01considering how large the series and how that happens not 1/100th into the series, it's hardly a spoiler
OOOOOOOOOOOO
cachi01: wow
Damn even NOW Jojo gives Dio the benefit of the doubt...
brb
0,5How does he doooo thaaaaat???
IT'S A TRICK!
>_> exactly :-)
jooooooojoooooooooooo
YOU MANIPULATIVE BASTARD!
liez
Dem tears
I really REALLY hate Dio
with a knife
YOUR MANLY TEARS WILL NOT WORK ON ME!
who is this..
Thank you Mr. Speedwagon!
lol!
MANRY TEARS DON'T WORK TONIGHT.
and speedwagon (LOL) saves the day
DarkStratos: Why, it's the meddlesom Speedwagon!
Speedwagon KNOWS his shit
ahhh Mr Speedwagon
YOU, CHEATING, BASTARD!
and Dio does NOT like it
he stinks worse as vomit
09,01Speedwagon: the Anti-Dio
lawl dat thunder
TAKE THAT
FINALLY.
Man I love this show
oh snap
otakon: wanna hear a joke?
superretroworld: sure!
NOW YOU NOTICE YOU STUPID OLD MAN
OBJECTION
CORNERED!
HOLD IT
so he's prety much fucked huh
where is the Phoenix Writh music?
what is this
LadyCanary: -hugs you for that post-
birthmarks?
otakon: okay, 'a jew and an irish walk into a gay bar with a duck.' *3 jokes later. BOOOOOO
09,01at least this version of Jonathan's dad loves him
otakon: human cutie mark without significance
it's a TRICK!
ohai puffmuffins :3
a TRICK!
eyebrows.
IT'S A TRAP!\
he's STALLING!
what is this
ITS A TRAP
ITS SOMETHING TO FOOL YOU
IT'S A TRAP!
IT'S A TRAP
THE MASK!
this shit again?
SQQQQQQQUISH
all the shaking
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO
...SHIT
oh
:O
OH SHIT
YOU BASTARD!
The end.
OH MY GOOOOOOD
Bam bam bam
and then Dio became a vampire
nope didnt work
OH MY GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
wow
ehrmagerd
Dio the vampiuh
bambambambam
Has a nice ring to it
Well shit
Dammit Gramps
:(
they dont know about the vamp thing yet right?
ma magic vampire hunter ring
"Dad...I know Mom is dead...you don't need to keep bringing that up."
yep he really could avoid the knife.....it was literally going on slow mo........
its anime logic
Dario Brando
Coldays: enope
GNIGHT everypony
Night Bronysith
night Bronysith sleep well man
night Bronysith
Night, Bronysith. :)
night Bronysith
Night Bronysith :)
night Bronysith
Night Bronysith!
oh shit!
otakon: sorry to reference another community joke
superretroworld: oh
nite Bronysith
yay that meens more vamp dio in later episodes
latas LunasGuard|COD
what are we watching?
and Brando didn't
Dayum
oh crap
LunasGuard|COD: Nvm :$
QuinnThePegaSistta: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure
>do not resent Dio
wat
please dont resent him as he becomes a vampire
ok thanks otakon
HoodyNinja: ?_?
np
WE KNOW YOU AINT DEAD DIO
well its been uhmmmmm 20 minutes. he is still alive
ded
no his papa:'(
;__;
now he ded
DarkStratos: as a vamp he doesn't have to breath so they can't tell if he's dead or not from looking
09,01JoJo is now Mega Man
exactly! but weee know
LOL
:(
Vampires still breathe...
dat finger pointing and dat drama :D
This show is so ludicrously over the top it's amazing! :D
damn
http://www.wordans.com/wvc-1331429682/wordansfiles/images/2012/3/10/130269/130269_340.jpg
^
09,01yeah Part 1 and 2 are quite cheesyly awesome
gone
Nope, JoJo is now Zero.
ZOMBIE
09,01CENSORSHIP
dayum
too late
th-the corpse
ded
Wait
what just happened?
Troll
Is Speedwagon dead?
WRYYYYYYYYYY
a trap it is
wryy?
WRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
Wryyyyyyyyyyyy
Dead
nope
HEADSHOT
Oh, good
WRYYYYYYY
Weeeeeee~
Whooooooooosh
ZA WARUDO
holy crap
wryyyyyyyyyyyy
WRRRRRRRRYY!
again http://www.wordans.com/wvc-1331429682/wordansfiles/images/2012/3/10/130269/130269_340.jpg
woosh
Im a Vampire, Im a Vampire ,Im aVampire
rasping noise from the throat
whoosh
no shit
SHOOT HIM DAMMIT!
YOU DONT SAY
you cant kill him only sunlight
SHOOT DAMMIT
dat Speedwagon
not ded
ofc not
splosh
Where's Celestia when you need her!
this is the most dramquick someone get some garlic
fucking hax
Wolverine powers
tasssty
Goddammit Celestia!
GET A SWORD!
DECAPITATE HIM!
meh. light yagami survived 1283749 shots
so why hasn't this been in the US?
^
and holy water and a wooden steak and garlic and well you guys know
lol My goodness
he then died
even Speedwagon is at a loss for words
*^^^
Vampire powers = HAX
quick someone get some garlic
eoooah
JESUS
Wryyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!
lol that sound
Wryyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
well fuck
slash
wryyyyyyyyyyyyyy
JESUS
naaaw
slash
Wtf?
not SPEEDWAGON!
kua
Kiaaa
a thrown body did THAT much damage?
They died from another guy?
Wryyyyyyy
wryyyyyyy
XD
VAMPIAH
Shit Run Forest Run!
HoodyNinja: yeah he was thrown with such force the impact shattered bone and crushed organs
This isn't Twilight...
wryyyyyyy......what does it mean!?
Wry ? Becrause!
DON;T DIE SPEEDWAGON!@
LunasGuard|COD: just a noise...think like a growl
LATENT POWER
ACID TRIP
he is half lizard?
ZOMBIEEEEEEES
zombie
ZOMBIIIIIIIIIIE
and then the cop became a vamp
ZOMBIES!
licky licky
Zombie
:S
OH SHIT ZAHMVIS
ZOMBIEHS
and zombeez
SPEEDWAGON NO!
Or would the more accurate term be "GHOUL"?
Hia
ZOMBIE VAMPIRES
oh shnap
NOT SPEEEDWAGON
so vampires spawn zomibies
wow
Can it get better than this?
owned
Petrified_Discord: ZAMBIES
CrimsonPhoenix: it does
decapition
kua
Zompires?
NewSuperBronyU|AFK: your are going to be poked
ohh yea and decapitation
FAKEW
WELP Gotta download the whole series now
Zanimebies
Kua
kuaaaaaaa
DECAPITATIOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON!
needs more steamroller
khaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan
BULLSHIT
ikr CrimsonPhoenix
DAMN
HAX!
HAX
Completely. Eeyup.
Win/Fail
/me pokes NewSuperBronyU|AFK
IT HEALED? fakin OP last bosses
DAMN
JOOOOOOOOOOOOOJoooooooooo
well u r fucked jojo
Noooooooooooooooo
Fail
CrimsonPhoenix: ^
lol wat. is this kung-fu hustle or soemthing?
Nope
taoumi: it's Jojo's Bizarre Adventure
Do the hustle~
FIRE
dat fire
FIRE BITCH!
suddenly fire
Fire!
JOJO IS BEST PYRO
BURN YOU MONSTER BURN!
Dumb ASS
FIRE SUMO!
BURN BABY BURN.
WHAT!
SON OF A BITCH! you can't even kill him with fire!
I CALL HAX!
LOL
We need Roy Mustang in order to defeat him!
Vampires are OP
otakon, again. Where the fuck is Celestia!
fire doesnt work, need bigger fire
you'll have to fight for 7 hours till the sun comes out
ASoftFluffyThing|LoS: yh the sun is what we need now I'd say
RAWR :3
with a SPEAR HEAD IN HIS SHOULDER
wheres a werewolf when u need one
otakon, exactly
he's trying to trap Dio in the flames
09,01EVEN SPEEDWAGON IS AFRAID
otakon: BUCK YEAH
09,01http://i.imgur.com/wrow4.png
lol
YOU CAN DO IT JOJO!
NewDCD: :D
and his hair doesn't burn?
NewDCD: lol
Mummy Vampires?
faboom
kaBOOM
NewDCD: :D
The fuck?
UAGH
XD DCD <3
Fail
WALK ON WALL
and up the wall
is he walking up the wall
through SHEER MUSCLE POWER
MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA
useless
violent explosive fire, this anime has everything!!!
Madda madda madda madda
09,01also only three episodes so far
oni_link, just needs giant robots
09,01but a metric fuckton of manga
dat no gavity
NewDCD: true
his hair is red
NewDCD, so they skip a lot?
DUDE. Vampire fight. Eulogy can wait!
09,01nope
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
woah
09,01they're using the manga as storyboard
ikr ASoftFluffyThing|LoS
Wryryryryryryryyyyyyyyy
lol?
through the floor
wryryryryryryryryr
And now shit be purple
XDDD
NewDCD, that's neat
wrywrywrywryryryryryryr
Hi everypony
NARRATION
hiya Crazy
his boyhood? :D
that was fast boyhood
CrazyHippie: Hiii
Hi, CrazyHippie. :)
well that was fast
LunasGuard|COD: he's only like 20
Hi CrazyHippie
hi otakon
ello CrazyHippie
boyhood
YOU CAN DO IT JOJO!
wow you would XD
^
Ello AJIsAwesome Domo Coldays LunasGuard|COD
dat yell
THROUGH THE WALL YOU BASTARD!
ALL the drama
GO JOJO!
Hi CrazyHippie :)
09,01GOOBAI JAWJAW
lol
fail...
xd
Hai thelonepony
Nuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
noooooo JOJO
noooooooooooooooooooooooo
dat line
the pit of hell
WHAAAAAAAAAT
wut..?
WIN
lawl
haaaaaaaaaaaaaax
Goddamn that spearhead is lucky or something
HAAAAAAAAAAAC
Belt
HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAX
Are these bricks made of cardboard?
Thats a good grip
I HAVE RETURNED
get down here
NANI?
HAAAAAAAAAAAAXXXXX
GET OVER HERE!
even the HOUSE won't let him win
Simon Belmont status!!!
Cypresswolf: :D
CRITICAL HIT
NAIFUDAAAAAAAAAA
LOL
LOL/
WRYYYYYYYY
STOP TALKING AND KILL HIM
WRRRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
WRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
Cypresswolf: LD
RIIIIIIIIIII
OH GOD XD
:D*
SO MUCH CAPS
WRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
ERIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIUAH
:D
MUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDA
WRYYYYYYY
ok no really. What is this?
WRYYYYYYYYYYYY
WRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
THY
CrazyHippie: Jojo's Bizarre Adventure
there has been so much shouting all night long from this anime that I cannot take it seriously. Honest XD
LadyCanary: It certainly is
ded
Old guy has god powers now?
Hallowed be thy name
IMPALED BITCH!
LOL
D:
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
by APHRODITE
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAQ
ahaaaaaahhhhhhhh WRRRYYYY
GOTCHA BITCH
THROUGH THE HEART!
dem credits
its..........over
WRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
SHOT THROUGH THE HEART
Fire Fire Bad
BURN YOU SON OF A BITCH!
AND YOU'RE TO BLAME
WAIT! O_O Did JoJo get his Mother's ring before the place lit up?
?
mojoJOJO!
STFU AND DIE
BURN YOU RAT BASTARD BURN!
BURN ALL THE BABIES! AHAHAHAHA!
Cypresswolf: it was on his finger
BUT WHAT ABOUT JOJO???
HE LIVEEEEEES
Well this was a triumph
BURN YOU BASTARD, BUUURRRRN! AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAH!
go speedwagon!
im making a note here
seems legit
Jojo can't die, he has purple hair
This man. Is sexy.
HoodyNinja: dat Borderlands 2, also you got Pirates Booty?
huge success
HoodyNinja: XD
uhoh
aw snap
yOH
otakon: Imma get it when I get mah mechro to 50
Gimme yo blood
FAIL
NOPE
OH SHIT
NO LIVING FOR YOOOU
welp goodbye chinaman
sip!!
UH OH
And Ded
No touchie
Fashoooooo
he survived
dun dun dun
DAMMIT
Oh shi-
DAMMMMMMMIT
Oh shit son
....Well. Well shit.
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
09,01well
Why can't that bastard DIE ALREADY?!
power of the ripple?
09,01to explain
dat Ripple
09,01oh
VenHur: He has to die in the fuuuuuuuture
09,01the ripple
dolan tiem
09,01to basically spoil you
09,01it's
09,01CELESTIA NO KEN
This sure is a bizzare adventure...
^
Eeyup
NIUDEESEEDEE PLS
indeed
Twoiloight_spankles pls
NewDCD: oh yeah The Ripple
that was an awesome stream
09,01hold on
Bizzare Adventure is right...everything IS bizzare!
NewDCD: solar energy powered martial arts right?
09,01JoJo DUWANG incoming
/me holds on
tehlonpon pls
brb guys need a drink
Brace for impact
take a base of action
inb4 everyone /nick to dolan
oh look a Tumblr
09,01see this?
ponies here in abit pleas
09,01baswically a chinese dude who didn't know English well
we do
Oh look, DCD got a Tumblr.
09,01wanted to translate JoJo Part 4
comic
DCD Tumblr
HOW CAN IT BE SO DELICIOUS
XDDDDDDDD
09,01he translated from Manga volumes
09,01in chinese to english
TOMATOES WITH CHEESE
09,01his results
09,01are known as DUWANG
TOAMTO WITH CHEESE ftw
Bronystate: where we watch Jojos bizzare adventures
TOMATOES WITH CHEESE
09,01why?
Am I illusional?
Tomatoes with cheese...LOLWUT?
Bronystate: Where we start the bizzare adventure
that hair
dat hair
tomoatos and cheese, this is exvellent XD
You dont like Tomatoes with cheese? psshh weirdos
xd
09,01because he misread the Kanji for the town's name, Morioh
09,01he instead read it as DUWANG
09,01so DUWANG translations are unintentionally hilarous
Who doesn't like tomatoes with cheese?
09,01and it's kind of a fandom meme
(puke)
... *raises hoof* I do...with a cheeseburger in place....
!
ASoftFluffyThing|LoS: I don't like Toemaytoes
puke
xd
Picking a banjo= DUWANG
this is great XD do ho ho
Tomatos Cheese And Everything Nice this was the ingreadiance to make the Power Puff Girls
can we watch ponies now :/
agreed ponies
Dat E-Hentai
/me slaps DarkStratos
inb4 g3 ponies
O_o
but dont we only do that on BMN?
lol
Or play Dj Food Raiding the 20th Century!
inb4 Colby
CrimsonPhoenix: :O
NewDCD: u liek E-Hentai dont u NewDCD :3
CrimsonPhoenix: the E.H on the top?
Inb4 inb4ing everything
Ew ponies? Gay.
lol
indeed
HAHA
twilight_sprinkle: thats E-hentai symbol
09,01here
09,01WHAT A
I mean, who likes ponies?
09,01BEAUTIFUL DUWANG
NewDCD U PERV
09,01WE'RE ABOUT TO EXPERIENCE
OHOHOHOOH
I like ponies.
09,01also what I have in that tab is SFW
09,01but anyways
yes indubitaly
suuuuure
twilight_sprinkle: hey i also watch mah hentai at E-hentai
0,5Just reminding everyone here about our art contest!
:/
09,01I TOLD YOU ABOUT THE SFW BRO
09,01I FREAKING TOLD YOU DAWG
0,5It goes unt-... E-Hentiai >.>
SUUUUUURE
damn
NEXT PIC IS NSFW
cachi01: never heard of it, i personally go to..err i mean i dont watch hentai!
09,01am I a magnificent bastard
BaconMane , art contest?? :O
09,01or am I a magnificent bastard
twilight_sprinkle: hentai foundry? :D
Yes DCD \:3/
you are NewDCD
09,01anyways
NewDCD: You are the most beautiful of duwangs
look at that eyepatch
ALL the hentai
09,01what's incoming is a beautiful duwang
NewDCD: It is easy to say this, my friend...YOU'RE BOTH!
NewDCD, I think you're my new favorite mod
and den cachi01 showed me All the hentai sites
09,01it's meant to be funny, do not take it seriously
Well guys it was a short hello but now I must say farewell
goodnight
that looked liek blaze blue chrs to me
Bye CrazyHippie
twilight_sprinkle: lol
laters CrazyHippie
CHEW
Hi guys
BYe, CrazyHippie. :)
CHEW, WHAT A BEAUTIFUL DUWANG
WHAT A BEAUTIFUL DUWANG
Real men don't need hentai
bye CrazyHippie
WHAT A BEAUTIFUL DUWANG
MURRICA
uh guys
Bye ASoftFluffyThing|LoS Petrified_Discord AJIsAwesome and twilight_sprinkle
Hi :)
hi sonicdude558 :)
Bye crazypony :)
EHEHEHEHEHEHHEHEHE
sonicdude558: Sup sucka?
ohai sonicdude558
hey sonicdude558
Hi sonicdude558 :)
Hi, sonicdude558. :)
cya crazypony :)
ohh shit Vampiers are back
Hi sonicdude558
The HELL...
XD
lawl
bye crazypony
He looks like gentlemen
mmmh Gentlemen
uh... i'm not going
curse yu mud
curse ya mud :D
dolan
Bye cachi01
xDDD
I feel like we need to make a rule about not quoting every single line. Only the really good ones, okay?
GRabb
XD
What has?
we sell teeth
Sell ALL the teeth
It is like a face almost.
we sell teeth XD
NO SHIT
MONY
HE IS STILL ALIV?
wEHR
09,01o ok i dont need remember
is this the first one agin
what do the feel like.
XD
THIS GRAMMAR
She is died
a baby though
:D well nite everpony
It's... it's like a really really bad fanfic that was well animated.
If Meanwhile were to see this, he's punch his monitor in rage lolol
(u dont need to remember)...
...really
Are you going to stream any eps past what we've seen today DCD?
ERMAHGERD DIS TRFANSLATON IS SO BAD
WhathethinksIsavedhim
Dario Burwando
you don't need to remember
BURAWANDO
09,01no the lastest episode to be released is 03
ASoftFluffyThing|LoS: He would. :D
this FREAKING SPELLING
09,01the series is ongoing
Grammar beatiful, so much, affected spelling of me.
SO ummm who died:'(
away it hops
Oh
NewDCD I cant stop laughing XD
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mc9diac4rY1qe6u5do1_500.jpg :D
lol lets go Donny
i now remember u always
AJIsAwesome yep
scout19_tf2: the fathers wife only
cachi01: :D
lol needing
I cant breath
I siad to be here
*breathe XD
isiad
nou dumb idiott
medicine isnt real I XD
Wat r u doing
o I forgot sorry
kOWNED
King me??? XD
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1350956130493.gif My face right now
CrimsonPhoenix: awww
CrimsonPhoenix: awwww
dicks
Oh god those faces
CrimsonPhoenix: weeeeird im nomming on my shirt right now lol
Chew What a beautifull Duwang
Is it like being real people
XD
:'(
CrimsonPhoenix: ;d
we cried her
*:D
this is enough so sotp XD
waife
09,01my face atm http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m82aj0avhA1rsqmewo1_400.png
"The doll shall be MINE!"
is she your waife XD
U FUCKIN BITCH AS PUNK
ded
09,01I HATE THE RICH BUT I DON'T HATE THEM
u suck!
U SUCK
lmao
GO HOME PLEASE NEXT TIME
XD
"I hate the rich, but I don't hate them!"
where is he going???
I no it is rite
I no it is right
this is so wierd what is it?
sp u i can liv they're?
I am his hero
XD
u r so smart boy
u can be a richboy
09,01whooves it's a spoof translation of a show we were watching earlier
dio has a sad backstory
every line...solid gold
But he's a cunt.
A RICHBOY
i want me to be alone
fighting was not for u
XD
09,01as Speedwagon said
fighting for honor girls
he's too pretty?
09,01HE'S EVIL SINCE HIS BIRTH
09,01U JERK
he is now naruto?
XD
Mean to the mother, word
u jerk
U JERK
u want rich for me
I will rich for me only
wtf XD
MR> jojo
09,01Duwang is best translation
^
im dying of laughter
XD
^^
This anime really likes to make good and evil an inherent quality.
^^^
09,01don't melt from the awesome of watching DUWANG the first time
and the mask are\together
lol..
about too boys who
hoers
dat horse
FUWOOOOSH
EPIC ENTRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANC
E
Ha i knew there was a Pony in this show
look at that pimp ass jump
Swag
XD
friendS
WHAT IS THIS DOING HERE
I love the u's and r's
friendS?
Dony
donot worry
Bitch
D:
XD hey wait
Is thisfighting
stop hitting my dog
dat penis?
oops my bad 6_9
gog
Oops my bad
09,01someday
Ohay Scoot-Scootaloo
ok dio is a bitch
did that ass just kill the doh?
09,01I'm gonna get RAWs for the Japanese dub of poni
dog..*
the son of my hero XD
/me protects Coldays dog
Mr. Joj
Mr joj
i want to be a gratitude
yorus
I can never see friday movie night
NewDCD: do eet
pls
yay thanks superretroworld
NewDCD: What's really sad is that I can still follow the plot...duwang is truly wonderful.
>_>
biting dog is scary!
forgivn by me
Petrified_Discord: IKR XD
09,01WHAT U DOING
Coldays: np :)
09,01DO NOT USE MY THINGS OK
firends
09,01YOU ARE NOT COOL ENOUGH TO TOUCH THINGS
just use google translate for a quick and easy duwang
hey you hit my dog thats not very nice. ofcorse it's not i'm f-in evil
XD
One does not simply touch things
GRAMMAR IS WONDEFUL THING!
WHAT U DOING
JOJO
I HAVE BEST ONE!
Do not use my things ok
JOJO
superretroworld /)
STAHP
...Just kidding...
stop the help XD
JOJO. WHAT ARE YOU DOING? JOJO. STAHP.
Coldays: (\
I talk mini a engrish
i want you a friend
doogs
Do not act like droogs.
do not like doogs XD
lesser type
stay your dog away
DOCL
Dio the Jojo?
dio thejojo
u need the table mann :D
BE PERFECTLY LIKE DIO
FAAAAAAAAIL
table mann
somewhat relevant http://derpiboo.ru/130292
objection1
you need the table mann XD
the hell am I watching?
U WER A ROTTEN
cachi01: Remind you of a certain Courage the Cowardly Dog episode? XD
dio is a perfectly at table
Petrified_Discord: :D
no more and
relevant: http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mc9diac4rY1qe6u5do1_500.jpg
VICTORY
NewDCD: this is nearly as bad as the marbles trynime
hahaha
punch face of other is victory
lmao
cachi01: Duwang meme is best meme
PAAAAAAAAAAAAWNCH
whi is he so hard
K.O
all the blood
I am still punching in your eye!
T.K.O
XD
what did you win?
09,01NO SOCIALS
i will teaching you all of you
im teaching you all of you
:D
I DID NOT KNO!!
I DID NOT KNO
XD
Why does it randomly go to allcaps? XD
no socials :( lmao XD
Dio Jojo
09,01JOJO DA NERD
LMAO
09,01also ABAJ is a reference to how the Chinese DUWANG dude once translated "AH"
NEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERD
ABAJ
09,01because ABAJ is Chinese Ah
WE ARE IGNOIN IT
ABAJ
lol Nerd!
lmao
Hi everypony! :)
wtf does always telling everything MEAN?!
the damned dio XD
hi SparklyWaffles
Hi SparklyWaffles
THE DAMNEDNDIO
making hard
>.>
heh
<.<
do ho ho
THE DAMNED DIO!
XD
I lol'd.
OH SNAP STALKA LADDY
Hi SparklyWaffles :)
Who was this
btw the dog dies right?
do ho ho jo jo
Thanku for grapes i like them1
I snorted. Congrats NewDCD , this is rare for me to do.
XD
I like them though i havent tried them
thought about loves!
You can become love!
^
became love with her
i want to have loves with a girl :3
U ar being bad XD
09,01same here
u ar being bad
09,01but it will never happen
09,01feels badman
Ew, girls are icky
U ISH BAD
watch Dio rape her
Stop being bad
Erina's only line. Enjoy everyone! :D
/me hugs NewDCD
I know that feel
09,01ABAJ
jOjo
Reap
DAT KIZZ
raep
abaj
DIO
Dun dun dun!!!
ABAJ
what a dio...
WHAT A DIO
DARING DIO!
DARING DIO
WHAT A DARING DIO
What a dio, he is doing things we are not !!!
Hes so great! He is doing a things that we are not!
XD
HAENT U
hhahahahhaa
Kissing me dio is very good!
bhim
xddddddddddddd
09,01CURSE U MUD WATER
I am kissing her for JOJO XD
i am kissing her for jojo :D
NEAR BHIM
anyone see the debates?
WHAT??1?
WAS THE TASTE
CURSE U MUD WATER
09,01FUCK DAMN SHIT CUNTS
lmao
HOWIS SHE WRONG WITH HER
Hey what bitches
hey what bitches
NOT THE PATIENTS
patients
It is time to go for u
FUCK DAMN SYH
that escalated quickly :O
XD
SHIT CUNTS
IKr
What was done??
so, the fuck is happening here
WHAT WAS DONE?
ALL YOUR BASE ARE BELONG TO US
lmao XD
SUPER SAIYAN
dat fps
ITID
so, how bout those horses and bayonets
dude this is like leet speak XD
OH DAAAMN
I will poke your eye AGA
XDDDDDDDD
A hole
HE IS A TOUGH DIO
be a shadow on me
Fighting!
that erina
I will poke your eyes out - with my ELBOW!
it's like someone ran the script through Google Translate...
punching fight him
i will soon viccotry!
BEGIN FIGHT
otakon: its delicious XD
I must pounching fight him like a gentalman
09,01I AM GOIGN TO VITCORY
Headbutt
Grabbing my head in this kick?
I WILL SOON VICCOTORY
XXD
I was hit painful
XD
I AM GOING TO VICCTOTRY
oh snap
XDDDDDDDDDDDDD
ho can you
09,01West Side Dio
hit at me!;_;
OH SHIT
Evil Mask
ho can you
ho can you hit at me XD
hit at me
MAMBO
itis a fight
HES NOT POOR
hitting the poor Dio is bad XD
/)_=
lol this is better than the original
Poor Dio :(
Punished later
a garbage i think XD
i cant breathe
Fighting = Good | Hitting = Bad O_o What Do?
;_;
ABAJ
inb4 it was the dog right?
Cypresswolf: Kick?
wait so who's in there
cachi01: yup
:(
the dog?
Coldays: Jojos dog
Poor danny :(
D: nooooooo
Thaterna is sad because dio
the Dog aww Why :'(
A dead donny must not be seen XD
09,01dat doog
Polic think a robber put in the box danny
engrish Y U SO FUNNY
he wok up
XD
that says danny
09,01when I accidentally too much
his box
doog
Whhhhhyyyyy dat poor puppy
everytime
ZS
strongths! XDDDDDDDDDDD
XD
I learn from this i w
omg i cant breathe
09,01dem lyrics
GOOD DAY SUNSHINE!~
oGriofa: Almost as good as "All you can increase is stranth?!"
[inaudible]
gotta see dem engrish lyrics
XD
this is quite bizzare
inaudible
"el oh el"
GOOD DAY SUNSHINE
08,01so i found a picture of Karen Gillan playing with herself: http://imgur.com/A2g5h
XD
I FEEL GOOD
Dat bass line
XD
lol nice indeed
GOOD DAY [inaudible]!~
lmao
IKR
and its completely wrong
XD
09,01IN THE FUTURE
http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/250x250/21594033.jpg
p4ngya: Because China?
BURNS MY FEET
XD
p4ngya: because joke
next today's episode
*Jojo
we take a walk
I FIGHT FOR MY JOJO FAMILY
cachi01: :D
i fight for my jojo family
cachi01: :D
oh man this was great XD
oni_link: Because you gotta have the right spelling
18888
loL! 18888
omg XD
199999
lol
XD
LOL
18888888888
XD
OVER 9000
09,01a man named Jack in the Box who happened
18888
18888888888888
that far in future and they still have gas lights
Jack in the Box?
xDDDDD
lmao XD
Jack in a box XD
09,01GUITAR SOUNDS
and his friendly dio
Friendly Dio?
i screencapped it
...No one gonna continue it? Okay. :)
GUITAR SOUNDS
thats not a year we'v seen yet but il take it 18888 it is
JOJO WAS A MAN WHO THOUGHT HE WAS A LONER
[guitar sounds]
09,01JOJO LEFT HIS HOME IN TUSCAN ARIZONA
09,01FOR SOME CALIFORNIA GRASS
XD
Tuscan Arizona
I like the animation in the intro
"el oh el"
lol
:)
inb4 get back
xddd
XD
lol tuscan arizona..
Im so sure that aint right
XDDD*
09,01INAFTER GET BACK
California Grass lol
Oh my god XDDD
LOL Californa Grass
CALIFORNIA GRAS XD
guitar souds
Why the hell does Japan get the good stuff
sounds*
INB4 DRUGS
BACK, GUITAR SOUNDS! BACK I SAY!
xDDD
[GUITAR SONG[GET BACK~[
BELONGED
JOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOJOO
GET BACK JOJO
09,01oh ABAJ I need to breath
lol
me too NewDCD XD
ABAJ is new bornistat meme
oh god this is so fakin hilarious :D
a leter is passed
BALL TOUCH
Yea you dont need that cali grass only me your needed back home
09,01DUWANG in general
jojo is a ball catch
Duwang is kinda close to dolan though
well that's fairly accurate the whole long legs thing
nemies
twilight_sprinkle: or engrish, that came before
09,01Duwang was earlier than Dolan tho
WHAT
lol dat ABAJ
09,01also DAT KANJI
...daheck am i watching?
09,01....that happened a lot in the Duwang scanslations
MirrorImage: The future.
09,01HE REMEMBER FALLING RULE
lol
niudeeseedee pls dolan iz alwes furst
his new ball be attached?
09,01no seriously Duwang translations are like 2004-2005 pr sp
HE DOES NOT SHARE
HED DOES NOT SHARE
HE DOESNT SHARE
HES A BITCH DONT TRUST HIM
09,01KING OF LAWYERS
THIS GAME HAS BEEN VICTORED
not seen becore!
HANKS
We are together a teamwork
XD
his fieldings in archeologist
farther
FARTHER
im shedding so many tears from laughing XD
09,01he is such a great Dio
jo jo got big sence the last episode
donot
beacuae
such a great dio ;~;
Hello I am the newspaper
Well no shit, he IS Dio XD
09,01Dio has bought a lot of railroad bonds
BONDS
XD
BONDS
kiraaaaaa
i am almost adulted
Adulty enough
I am almost adulted ;3 ladies XD
trying to read a fic and watching this doesnt work
hmm, he Is similar to kira, isnt he, although this was first as i understand
dat NO WAY
haha
hospital bad
largeness of my hands
cya*..
My mother works at a hospital ;~;
bye DarkStratos
latas DarkStratos
09,01WHAT A DICK
this hospital is bad for one who only wants your money
lol
Bye DarkStratos
BYe, DarkStratos :)
XD
CYA DarkStratos :)
HoodyNinja: She only want our monies! :O
hahahahahha
bye DarkStratos
gotta stay for all the cya's
09,01live long and prosper Dio
ahahahahahaha
Bye DarkStratos :)
is this translated like this on purpose?
RIP DIO
Petrified_Discord: She pays my bills so GIVE HER YUR MONIEZ!
09,01yes
09,01we watched the real translation earlier
to no longer poor ;_;
09,01this is a gag translation
i have manny thans 2 u for giving
HoodyNinja: ...I can't even pick a duwang response. They're all too good :D
i no a secret
ABAJ
09,01the best duwang response
09,01lemme see if I can find it
someone should stream the jojo videogame
I think "What a terrible thing to behold!" is actually the first grammatically correct line so far. :D
YOu alsways
NewDCD: stop lookin at hentai
XD
sheeesh these guys faces are so chizzled.....
"i got sick"
For some reason, i keep hearing tio :D
lol wut
and finger hands
Mr JooJ
XD
dose eyes
Dio used mean look! JoJo can no longer escape!
09,01PLEASE PINKEY SWEAR DIO
XD
omfg XD
SEWART
omg yes make him pinkie promise^^
pinke sewar
09,01A GIRL PROMISE
No he will just break da pinkie promise
09,01I WILL NOT DO THE PINKEY SWEAR BECAUSE WE ARE BOYS
BRB shower
OMFG
u ar mad
I can see that you ar mad XD
?
They also look like they could punch a hole in a dumpster truck....
Pinkie Promise*
Made your old father Died
Bitchtoss
Were is meanwhile when ya need him...
PoniesShower47: nice to meet you ponies shower xD
jo jo thro
what is this?
canot
kasooooooooooo
anywy*
anywy
Wow. I didn't know two lines of dialogue could be represented in one kanji character. :D
09,01mfw Dio monologue
09,01http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m1zcivtNvM1r5q1wio1_400.jpg
old father made themother die
i am so angry for having his sonship
not to be a douche but you do know the presidential debates are happening right now
09,01field trip to China Town
NewDCD: XDDD
NewDCD: XD
pinky swear xD
He has some very feminins eye lashes.....
donot
09,01Dont want to do Pinkey Swear because I no like ponis
he wants the unpoison
XD
NewDCD: Obviously trying to poison then.
NewDCD whats gotten into you
ok is this anime in victorian england?
09,01http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m7r96pqCAH1qg5qhro1_500.jpg
wut? DRagon Road?
09,01http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m45oqcKWNl1qzqjwgo1_400.jpg
unpoison?
Welp debate over, nothing more learned, still hate them both. :D So onto stream.
ABAJ
NewDCD: oh god XDDDDDDDD
what is that cat eaten...
NewDCD its more than a feeling
lmao
What is that cat eaten!
So what was the point of the cat eating a puppy? Like...what?
bad tuna
Best line for me to walk in on.
09,01TREE LEGS WILL KICK U IN THE GROIN OF UR CROTCH
09,01JOJO FAMILY FATHER
Y R U TRYING TO STOP ME WITH HANDS
se my tree legs will kick you into the groin of your crotch
Kick you in the groin of your crotch....
ROYAL CANTERLOCK VOICE!!!!!!!!!!
matey
bowler hat of DEATH!!!
Boris strikes again.
g2g everypony cya :)
r u baby at fighting
thx for stream NewDCD it wa awesome :D
bye cachi01
Bye cachi01 :)
aha! stabbity stab!
Bye cachi01
stabbitystab
Bye cachi01.
stabbity stab
cya cachi01
That looks like a defective toy Toys r us.....
Bye cachi01
Does not even give cares....
be cachi01
*bye LOL
BYe, cachi01 :)
cachi01: Later.
stabbitystab hat , get it know at your local Toys R Us right next to the My Little Pony toys
09,01bloody to daeth
HA!
So if it's the meddlesome Speedwagon, what is Speedbump's title? :O
Garettbrony: Its like he's on horse crank right?
china drug seller XD
more like horse growth hormone
VenHur china cat drug seller
Lol
proofs'
Back
Change ya got Change?!!
lol
09,01no Critic, we watched the real translation earlier
i DONT WANT TO HEAR YOUR GUFF OLD MAN
goddamn
this is ridiculous
09,01TIME TO DO A SCIENCE LIKE I LEARNED I SHOULD DO AT SCHOOL
Darn.
TIME TO DO A SCIENCE
this is goddamn ridiculous Buytoast
They looked like they'd be awesome.
XD
what the hell is this shit?
It's awesome shit.
And that's how Amon was made
oh no he turned into Jim Carey
os tjong smjong?
how did an ad get on here when i have adblocker?
superretroworld: your adblocker out of date maybe?
no rumble
NewDCD: is this on youtube?
its a troll
didn'ed die
lol
how has he did it
Oshit vampire
VenHur: One of the few lines in the show that's actually correct :P "What the hell is this shit?"
how is he this strong on me now
lmao
Garettbrony: http://www.t-nation.com/img/photos/2008/08-214-feature/image009.jpg
eben
much?
09,01Hey man u got any drinks
XD
09,01this suddenly turned into homestuck
wat
Mega_Milk doesn't even compare to this guy
LOL
ABAJ
son = sun
Sun not son
lmao
XD
Dat son
woah it really was Nosaverato
oi NewDCD , is this on youtube?
09,01yes
09,01just search Duwang
09,01I'm serious
holy crap really?
Celestia must have a child, because every day she raises the son.
hmm, i searched duwang jojo, only got the first ep
09,01I AM VICTORIY
holy cow crap!
XD
09,01just search Duwang
09,01if not
And thats the story of how Equestria was made.:P
or not
09,01the link below the first ep has them on a folder in mediafire
Coldays: :D
[inaudible] LOL
Coldays equestria was very nonsensical back then
indeed
NewDCD: ah k thx, cause im not seeing any eps on yutube besides the first
ASoftFluffyThing|LoS: Check DA :3
I love this song
Mega_Milk: I love that video XD
^
Im still unable to get youtube , my browsersaysit doesnt exist
NewDCD: can we watch Dragonball P later since its relevant ?
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ll4l64Y7ln1qcitlvo1_500.jpg
09,01leaving after next DUWANG
who are you going to vote for?
oh okay
09,01THE SURPRISE WAS VAMPIRES
Ponies47, hokay
09,01OH SHIT
DBZ Abriged
Darnit >_< I wish I'd known about this series 36 hours ago - I could have picked it up at Oni Con
XD
What the fuck is this smell
xD
what smell
The smell is pony.
CriticKitten You can sell it Too?!!?
dat microsoft
That was an awesome translation.
indeed
lol you can sell pony smell
hey everypony, i need help finding a youtube video before i fall over
I'm 98% sure this makes NewDCD the best mod ever.
09,01I EVEN TOOK THE LABLES OFF
VenHur I know that smell, I raise horses
ABAJ
And it's a Bandai title? :( That makes me sad - I hope this gets picked up by another distribution company
XD
lol
this is dolan and engrish all in one XD
I love this
[guitar sounds]
[occordian sounds]
Californa Grass
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Story: The Last Human
JoJo likes to get high XD
what........ what did I just join?
[sound sounds]
i should go smoke with him huh
[harpsichord sounds]
[saxophone sounds]
Hai everypony, what we watching?
Hi DerpyMuffins
something nonsensical
/me tackleglomps Ponies47 "Thankiiiiiiiies! <3"
Young boy and hisDio
wat is ur problem u dick??
ur goin 2 jail
09,01but come on man jail sucks
THATSS A FACT!!
THATSS
ASoftFluffyThing|LoS: Your welcome <3 Was a bitch to make but it was worth it <3
THATSSA FACT
09,01can i just be grounded instead?
lol
oh God where is Meanwhile?
XD
here take my Get Out of Jail Free Card
Who os NewDCD?
i thot he might be mad when he herd
is
he'd be freaking the hell out right now
09,01}i can just stab you too i think
Herd!
DerpyMuffins: mod
XD
Coldays but dont collecct 200 dollars
I really wanna know Speedbump's title!
09,01just came back 2 say sorry
Whiskey Father is now new title
09,01and stamps cost 2 much for sorry letters
He raised him bad into a jerk
and stamps cost so much ;_;
09,01DROPPED A BUTTON
lmao this was not in there origially at all XD
no one can just turn on a light.....
Speedbump from Chinatown
SPEEDBUMP FROM CHINATOWN! :D
aw lame
xD
lol
Garettbrony: kinda
no offense
09,01U JERK
He smells like a liar
09,01Duwang translation sponsored by 4Kids
LOL
He cheats at board games, the jerk!
This cant be the real translation
wow dio ur really a dick u know?
NewDCD: makes so much sense! *inserts* keanu.jpg
09,01it isn't
09,01it's a parody translation
XD
double layed BabelFish nonsense I LOVE IT
[inaudible]
09,01we watched the real one just before this
okey dokey
lol
okey dokey
[inaudible sounds]
lokey
Lokey
uh oh hot dog XD
09,01jail really sucks man
he seems like a mad guy
09,01i hear the food really sucks man
brb guys gonna restart the computer
He can tell because of his face emotions
lol Garettbrony Great minds think allike
"wakata" = "too bad dio i am taking u 2 jail"
09,01u hav brain problems put dat down
ABAJ
09,01>poorly drawn
where did okey dokie lokey come from?
09,01bitch
09,01take that back
bloody mary much
Strang first new trick
OH SHIT KILL HIM
I will take it back
haha
09,01technically it's a fusion of Araki's old and new style
09,01his old style was Hokuto no Ken as fuck
lol
http://www.wordans.com/wvc-1331429682/wordansfiles/images/2012/3/10/130269/130269_340.jpg
I have no idea what is going on
09,01UR ALL GROUNDED
lol
Why
XD
911 ambulance guys
this has 4kids written all over it XD
its just my opinion, it doesn't have to mean anything
oni_link: 4kids wish they had this level of perfection
super cool cool
oni_link a drunken 4kids
sory he left his mobile back with the cali grass
Oh yea 4kids all right
a stoned 4kids
Petrified_Discord: i mean in terms of the sudden censorship XD
Garettbrony: lmao yeah
oni_link: lol
lol
A criminal thief!
09,01but yeah jojo's art style is more like this now http://www.lambiek.net/artists/image/a/araki_hirohiko/araki_hirohiko_jojo.jpg
As opposed to the non-criminal ones
this ring is super cool cool cool
NewDCD that looks better
Okay, this is where the guy gave up and pretty much started making up the story as he went along. :D
09,01911 doctors too
I assume.
09,01he dun' goof'd
lol
I got stabbed once, its not so bad XD
slow night
your strictness has nothing to do with that prick
what did you get sstabbed with a plastic butter knife?
09,01he really wishes to know what the surprise was
oni_link: But he got stabbed right in the vital! The VITAL!
MR> JOJO
Petrified_Discord: XD
Nice guys finish last?!
09,01DAT LOGIC
Too Nice
so many feels?
lol
09,01i always hate crybabys who cry like babys
XD
09,01cry like men not like babies so its ok
09,01oh lord
Babies who cry?
so i just hoped onto face book to see if i found anything i cared about and i found this little gem
UH OH!!
i was crying in my car in front of the mcdonalds near my house eating french fries and listening to my sad playlist in the car and a black guy tapped on my window and just gave me life changing advice “its going to be ok lil nigga you can do it”
NewDCD: this is PAINFUL man
UH OH!!!
ohh shit
09,01wheeeeeeeeeeeeee
09,01oh god
09,01my lugs
holy cow crap
GUYS THE DIO'S BODY CORPSE DISAPPEARED
09,01I men lungs
09,01oh god
Howdy y'all!
Can someone PLEASE do a dramatic reading of this? I would pay out the nose for a DUWANG dub :D
wheeeeeeeeeeee
taoumi: lol wut
How-dee.
Petrified_Discord: not me
Hi, Everlasting_Joy! :)
hallo Everlasting_Joy
holy cow crap
holy shit indeed
09,01that was an amazing punch fighting move
NewDCD: you r now duwang, ther is no escap
ikr oni_link
Howdy AJIsAwesome and taoumi!
they eyes man the eyes,
"shoot him again it might work this time"
what happend are you ok breath dam it breath
taoumi: sooo random lol
Shoot him agaiN!
lol
blank stare
Hi Everlasting_Joy :)
Howdy thelonepony!
hey Everlasting_Joy
how yah doin' :3
inb4 ABAJ?
09,01stop cheating DIO!!
Howdy superretroworld!
lol
immune to bullets, is he abe lincoln?
hoi Everlasting_Joy
thelonepony: a little better. I just got back from a walk and I feel good.
Howdy twilight_sprinkle!
WHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
wheeee
but my teacher told me that shooting someone in the head should kills them XD
I can fly I can fly I can FLYYYYYYYYYY..... I can't
Wheeee
people arent food why is he eating people
thats great to hear :)
Wry-eeeee!
How are you thelonepony?
his new tricks are cool though
XD
his new tricks are cool though
wheeee
no shit
...
He's eating him! And then he's gonna eat me! OH MY GOOOOOOOO- O_O
zWHEEEEEEEEEEE
He's a vampire!
They ARE cool
Wry-eeeee!
Cypresswolf: :D
09,01dat advice
lol dat advice :D
flying , strong punching , not dieing from getting shot
That was too easy :)
oh my fucking lord
usually this will work
LOL
dat advice indeed XD
doing great Everlasting_Joy
Best advice
:)
THE SHIT IS APPROACHING CRITICAL REALISM
he sounds like goku
half lizard man/
?
09,01shit I'm hiccuping Jesus lord
ABAJ!
chirst
from the lack of breating XD
breath man breath
abaj abaj abaj
maybe I should poke his brain again?
/me pokes otakon's brain
". . . blood of urs." :)
beetlejuice beetlejuice
ouch
let me have a drink of those bloods of urs XD
beetlejuice
...
Gotta get tough. Gotta go fast.
ohh shit i would have nightmares about that shit
WHAT IN EQUESTRIA IS THIS?
Madness.
this island equestrian
this is so much screaming and nothing being said XD
thats not a good sound
hahaha XD
HOW CAN BE GRAMMAR WRONG???
madness THIS IS PONIES
09,01TA DA
XD
TA DA
09,01also it's a gag translation
09,01we were watching the real translation earlier
JO JO!
HOW CAN NOT HIGER BETTER TRANSLATION TEAM???
yeah but...
Coldays I FREAKING WISH it was ponies
09,01gag translation.
hey wait wherd u go
HOW CAN YOUR BASE ARE BELONG TO US???
I mean, how many cough drops did the voice actors go through PER episode?? XD
:3 I'm reading Dio's lines in Yoda's voice for some odd reason
i cant not possibly belong to cats
yea a man can dream though a man can dream
Bleeding so much blood.
have some FIRE
/me gives Petrified_Discord some fire
but my teacher said fire kills people too :O
no really
XD
twilight_sprinkle: Teacher: "I LIED!"
My teacher said nothing about grammar
pls go speedbump
what was your teacher Smokey the Bear?
What is this?
sound like something goku would say
twilight_sprinkle: :3 I'm Learnding
jojo
Speedbump pls
what are you doing?!
jojo
STAHP
i don ot undertand.
I DON NOT UNDERSTAND WHAT WE UR WATCHING
Come at me Bro!
because u cant leave ok?
i need someponies help :(
OHH SURE, I KNOW THAT SQUIGGLY LINE MEANS!
:[
*earlier
BroPony|MEDIC: What do you need help with?
But, what is this?
JOJO an epic of family and good morals<_<
Stallion_of_War oh thank god I am not the only one who can't understand this
Like a BAWZ
wall floors
AJIsAwesome|Busy: I'll pm you
Stallion_of_War: Jojo's Bizzare Adventure
with what BroPony|MEDIC ?
Ok.
lol
09,01I seriously got hiccup from laughing so much
09,01also PLAYING WITH MATCHES
Nobody walks up walls like Dio
NewDCD: I know this is great hahaha
09,01rain makes the roof slip-dangerous
:D
He's obviously a vampire; use Ariel's Bow
slip-dangerous?
oni_link Bizzard indeed
WHEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I don't care if these are gag translations, they are hilarious!
karate kick!
WHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Garettbrony: lol
Stuff. Cut back to fight.
Dat stuff
Some Stuff how dose that help
Dat stuff.
ohh Dat Stuff
ABAJ
lol
solid fire logic
09,01we only know
My house House JoJo is on fire :D.
everything on fire?
everything on fire
09,01nothing else
and much fire was used for using
Goodbye Jojo
"I do not be a person anymore"
moey jojo
also, how bout dat dagger falling faster than him
bull
Simon belmont moment
^
surprise i came back!
USE YOUR MOJO, JOJO!
Coldays, i dont like them. i prefer hot days, but ive never seen snow, so can you show me snow, Coldays?
wheeeee!
"Weeeeeee"
^^^ Yesh!
SWING LIKE A MONKEY, USE YOUR MOJO, JOJO.!
Wheee?
Hai everypony, I'm back from school :3
Howdy Spell-of-Gaming!
You scream wheeee when stabbed?
wb Spell-of-Gaming
lol
Well i can try i dont know how effective mailng snow would be
Hai Spectrum_Rush
Hai spell
hoi Spell-of-Gaming
Everlasting_Joy: im guessing your favourite ponys applejack?
/me sigh
whoops almost
ABAJ
superretroworld: Nope, Pinkie Pie.
superretroworld: Why do you ask?
/me can now rest his mind
Stupid laptop
*Shatner* CANT! Read lines...inthefire
lol dem final words
what is this i dont even
aww yeah Pinkie FTW
Everyone is my favorite pony... except Rainbow Dash...
Everlasting_Joy: just because you said howdy
superretroworld: I say hey y'all
ouch
u didnt died!!
WTF are they saying? :[
hooray!
superretroworld: That was an aquired taste from when I don't know.
/me yay!
U didn't died!
superretroworld: AJ's my 3rd favorite.
horray!
peek a boo
oni_link: whos your favourite?
next today's episode
and then he used his life forever tricks
"Next todays episode" :D
bigger jerk :O
superretroworld: Pinkie Pie XD
09,01well guys gonna go now
Let's learn the RIPPLE MAGIC
09,01my lungs hurt
Ponies?
09,01join us next week for the Fist of Celestia's Anger
09,01and more DUWANG
is it... FUDGE RIPPLE MAGIG???
thanks for stream NewDCD
09,01same JoJo-Channel
lol NewDCD , thenks for hardwiring duwang into our brains
same Jojo time?
Thanks NewDCD
Aww. . . Take care NewDCD!
yeah...
09,01but yeah next monday
09,01laters
Thanks for the stream NewDCD.
aww well see you later @NewDCD
Next tomonday!
09,01feel deeply my feels
NewDCD: Thanks for the hilarious stream, my throat hurts from laughing. Cheers!
Holy fuck NewDCD...best stream ever! :D
BYe, NewDCD. :)
09,01guys
Thanks for the stream NewDCD :)
Everlasting_Joy: oni_link cool, my favourites a tie between pinkie and fluttershy
09,01imagine watching DUWANG stoned
09,01that is all
09,01anyways later
:D
08,01so
:D
08,01lance armstrong
08,01what a dick.
That would be hilarious!
i am
i thought we Were stoned
stoned
superretroworld: cool :)
twilight_sprinkle: because of they YES and the nonstop laughing?
*the
realy stoned
oni_link: abaj
twilight_sprinkle: Im sooo glad I tuned in today XD
08,01Petrified_Discord: just been stripped of his Tour de France titles
I say we don't even mention his name, it's embarrassing
and he should be forgotten as that judgment said
STOP CHEATING LANC ARMSTRUNG, IS NOT FAIR
awww how sweet
If no one cared, he would be a "legitamate athlete"
he never failed one test.
lance armstrong was that guy that beat up polio adn rode his bike to france right?
Oh lance will never cheat again. He's banned for life from all forms of cycling competition.
Buytoast: :D
true true
Hey, it takes Ball to cheat like Lance did!
me thinks newdcd forgot to turn off the stream lul
Kurra: yikes
indeed agin
twilight_sprinkle: newdcd did XD
twilight_sprinkle: Same.
it was a witch hunt, and the people that accused him all have been banned as well in the past
lets spy on newdcd :3
lol
/me you are now in Incognito mode; nothing you clop to will be remembered in your history.
We shouldn't. :D
Comic of death
inb4 he goes to e-hentai
Who streaming now?
wat
oh Linkara
Linkara!
:D
suddenly Linkara
Linkaraaaa!
:D
You can't even race him around your neighborhood.
He's THAT banned.
I did NOT see this coming
Yay! Linkara reviews . . . Which one again?
linkara he is a man punch
And we switch over to someone else showing Linkara
Oh! Cry for Justice.
Um, I hope he knows that we can see his stream.
0,14>Cry for Justice
You mean "Gay for Justice".
AJIsAwesome|Busy: I dont think he does
yeah oni_link, he can't enter in a county fifty mile race
Best font error EVER.
0,14WHO DARES MENTION THAT ABOMINATION UNTO COMICS
he's a Phisisist!
so the stream cant change uses newdcd does something about it?
Kurra: wow :o
unless*
YOU MEAN LIKE THE COMPUTER IN THE GIGANTICALLY POWERFUL WATCHTOWERE????
Saxy: AND TOGETHER, WE CAN BE JUSTICE
hey at least she doesn't have the super cleavage in this one
I think the screen capture needs to be adjusted.
REMEMBER ME
fuck, duwang has screwed with my brains, cant even read the bbc article on arstrong without expecting duwang
Everlasting_Joy: I dont think the streamer even knows they are streaming
My League
hey herd! Don't forget to buy your Lance sponsored energy foods at your cmaping and sports stores before they're discontinued! XD
oni_link: Ooops. . . :)
suddenly ladycanarys name makes so much more sense to me....
Mega_Milk: :).
Testing.
Oh nvm. :D
I HEARD MY WIFE WAS ON STREAM
Where is my wife :|
wat
Ohh, so THAT'S why Roy Harper's arm got cut off in Young justtice...
13canary canary~<3
Shizu Shizu <#
OMG I SEE WIFEY
hiya Shizuka what's up?
indeed human's regenerate right?
Coldays: not that I know
Hello Shizuka...
...I ate a canary...I thought it was taco.
Don't sue me!
;3;
I recognize that one guy
Seriously at least it's not Power Girl
I love this episode because of how angry Linkara gets. It isn't for jokes, it's pure abhorance.
seriously even I find her too much
Cry for Justice is such adorable trash.
Yes indeed.
HEY otakon. :| Power Girl is cool.
Explosions can counter other explosions.
That's just science.
i bbs
LadyCanary: no no, don't get me wrong I like the character, but the DESIGN of her costume and her fluctuating bust is what bugs me..
Lightning hurts
Who knew?
otakon: So what?
Ever
female heroes should start being nerdy girls with glasses instead of fanservice teen-like girls with huge boobs
08,01http://i.imgur.com/O3WWi.png
But u liek teh boobies.
otakon: artist liberties
.....
twilight_sprinkle: That.
twilight_sprinkle: Stop.
No.
Spectrum_Rush: yh I can take taht but good LORD they gave her a goddamn chestless costume and huge boobs... it's ridiculous at times
LadyCanary: maybe i do :3 but thats not what female heroes should be like, they shouldnt be about good looks
I like teh Boobies
twilight_sprinkle: I have to agree, the whole "fanservice" girl trend needs to die.
08,01twilight_sprinkle: <3
They arent ALL like that just to tell you. Let's see...Misfit, Maxine Hunkel (Cyclone) are examples of female heroes twilight_sprinkle
0,14^
Oh, no clue who is streaming, but the screen needs adjustment. It's a bit off
08,01i wish i could just sit and listen to music all day
Well so much rage coming out of this DC comic, I think Ill stick to Marvel
noooooo rain could T.T
idiot
twilight_sprinkle: agreed, after all, look what happened to the girl from btoom
Technobable
otakon: http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/MostWritersAreMale
"taken out by techno-babble" :).
Spectrum_Rush: yh I know
And no one does it better than the birds of prey. <3
I didn't readt the comics, so I don't know much of Marvel or DC...Sue me.
13BIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIRDMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN
^
Shizuka: HARVEY BIRDMAN!
0,14Attorney at Law?
13no .-.
LadyCanary: well obviously not all, but most of them are. and like i said, nerdy heroes girl would be impressive
SaxyPretender: yes
SaxyPretender: we need to stream that sometime
>beaten by Catwoman
0,5Bermuda
Goddamn Prometheus is just a BATMAN WANNABE!
0,5Jamaica
0,5ooo I wanna take ya
0,14I'm guessing Prometheus is being discussed
Bermuda Triangle
Great for bringing his name up i need a lawer
SaxyPretender: eeyup
0,14and otakon, he was designed to be inverse Batman essentially
0,5COME ON PURDY MAMA
Ohai SaxyPretender *hugs*
0,14backstories are mirrors of each other
I would love to see Harvey Birdman
stupid
XD
No twilight_sprinkle. The way you implied it was that it was most of them. And I just said TWO of the ones that are considered nerdy. Maxine Hunkel and Misfit.
And Wonder Girl.
SaxyPretender: yh I know, he was raised by criminals who were gunned down by the cops savagely
Mod glomp time!
the hell
0,14also, oh hai everyone
LadyCanary: but most of them Are done that way
/me glomps and hugs the mods-
hi Saxy
Hey SaxyPretender
im a brony! like A boss!
Hi SaxyPretender :)
When did Prometheus become goddamn unbeatable?
Howdy SaxyPretender!
Hi, SaxyPretender. :)
0,14since his inception, otakon
seriously even BATMAN was never this prepared
LadyCanary: i havent even heard of the two heroes you mentioned
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire, Part 1" airs in 18 days, 11 hours, 21 minutes, 31 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012)
Donna FUCKING Troy
"Super strong! Super super strong!"
18 days until the rebirth of hell breaking loose
man Linkara is pissed
otakon: Have you seen this review?
Exactly, twilight_sprinkle. So before you judge by looking at the main ones with big breasts and looking all sexy, try doing a bit of closer looking.
....
18 days before the maiyans's prediction begins.
caramel and shiningarmor havin gay ponysex
They put his helmet back on?!?
Seriously, it's like bullshti that Prometheus was this powerful?
XDDD
They put his helmet back on?!
pony_805598: Troll harder.
13LadyCanary ist best romulan~
hey guys what arre we watchin
lol
D:
Hi, abrony. :)
/me blushes. Oh shucks Shizu ^^"
LadyCanary: so youre saying that most of them arent fanservice based? i didnt say all of them are, but most are from what ive seen
hes a angry person but these heros are bing stupid
And I don't even know what the hell is going on either! I must jump the shark ON the shark! I'm doing it anyways!
Hi abrony
Hi abrony :)
ohai everypony....wait did i just come into Linkara being streamed!? :O
/me jumps the sharks on the shark ON the shark
abrony: Sup.
I'm a brony, like an employee?
yh
hi, NocturnalBlade. And yes, you did. :)
Hi NocturnalBlade :)
sweeeeeet
/me doesn't pull aggro
good lord
This is the best plan.
this is the most conoluted plot I've ever heard
otakon: Clearly you haven't heard of Ultimatum.
LadyCanary: actually I like Wonder Woman, she kicks ass
LadyCanary: i never said All of them, just seems like most of them to me
0,14or Countdown
otakon: Just keep waiting, it gets worse.
Everlasting_Joy: HWO?!
13so
13as moviebob would say
13COMICS
13ARE
13WEIIIIIIIIIRD
otakon: Just keep watching.
Shizuka: indeed dear
Ultimatum involves a Dr. Doom plan that is absolute GIBBERISH.
/me has never read a comic book ever in her life and suddenly feels awkward
0,14PFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFT
/me 13is completely lost..
0,14COMICS ARE AWESOME
ASoftFluffyThing: Dont ^_^
ASoftFluffyThing: Same -lol
"Rum." That northern Minnesotan accent <3.
It's alright.
i feel strange watching this
LadyCanary, but I never read a comic book before :3
ASoftFluffyThing: it's okay, there is always time to start
ASoftFluffyThing: nothing to be shamed of, just not your interest
Not like it's obligatory, ASoftFluffyThing.
ASoftFluffyThing: I'm not a comic book person myself, either. :D
abrony: and yet ponies don't bother you
13um...
This comic is weird, this comic is weird, THIS comic is weird, these tacos are weird, and this message is weird!
/me likes to draw parallels between comics and mythology
13is this writer...
otakon no :|
13like.. stupid
SaxyPretender i agree
I know. It's like the whole chat went into nerd mode <3
abrony: uh huh
...Wait, what?
0,14Lyra` /)
Shizuka: It seems like it
Welcome to my world
(\
im like the only non-nerd here...
ASoftFluffyThing: -lol we watch ponnies. Were ALL nerds -lol
otakon what?
Indeed Shizuka ;3;
ASoftFluffyThing: When given the right stimulus, of course. :D
Shizu: Generally, many comic book writers are pretty bad. >_>
thats the whole point Linkara is here Shizuka lol
brohoof accomplished!
Mega_Milk: ponies*
What? XD
hiya Lyra`
0,14iirc, James Robinson wrote Cry for Justice
ASoftFluffyThing: get out meanwhile 2
Mega_Milk: :D
AJIsAwesome|Busy, lol as long as chat doesn't go into DnD talk I'm fine
Hell, I can make a better comic than this bullcrap!
hello everypony
CANARY. STAWP BEING A DUMB ;_;
me too
0,14and he had like...one good comic run
hiya flutterchu
Hi, flutterchu. :)
Hi flutterchu :)
00,03Meanwhile2? The horror, THE HORROR!
flutterchu yo
And here it comes people.
2MEANWHILES
NOT STAR CITY!
A one there's a comic about a taco, it was so tasty that everypony ated it. THE END.
Another Meanwhile D:
Scoot-Scootaloo: :D
oh god, theirs two meanwhiles?
*theres
Lyra`: there are ENDLESS Meanwhiles
otakon: Here it is.
Hi Flutterchu
Oh god, the mean comments will flow like wine in rome!
They come from everywheeeere
??
....
OH GOOD LORD NOT THIS
Because the first Meanwhile was so MLG, that he reproduced by budding!
....oh god
i got a s3 spoiler: caramel is walking along then rarity walks up to him, and then a nuke falls on the world for no reason and all the ponies die horribly [FAKE SPOILER]
/me cries on Saxy's shoulder
ASoftFluffyThing: It's okay. It's important to correct people. :)
/me ahem
wait what
Scoot-Scootaloo: Budding? You sure it wasn't his moustache?
Scoot-Scootaloo: Asexual MLGing?
WHYYYYYYYYYYYY ;_;
why?
WHAT?!
WHY!?
Oh fuck you, James Robinson.
ded
:|
that's fucked up
00,03D:
desbicabru!
YOU SIR! ARE DESPICABLE!!!!!!!!!
00,03Anyways, I'm off for the night~ Night y'all!
what does MLG stand for again?
Night, Scoot-Scootaloo
no elephants to the events transpireed?
Night Scoot-Scootaloo!
Bye, Scoot-Scootaloo
Night Scoot-Scootaloo :)
Night night Scoot-Scootaloo!
bye Scoot-Scootaloo
oh major league gaming//
nevermind--
nite scoots
over the top
I never got to call his name ;___;
YYYY
gnight shoot
night Scoo...gone
AVGN ripoff?
flutterchu: no not at all
No. :S
Poor Linkara. He always gets to watch his Teen Titans get ruined.
I can't tell if he is being sarcastic....or his voice just has that tone...
flutterchu: hes part of the same group as AVGN, and nostalgia critic
...tsk tsk tsk.
Ohfer
Yup.
*sigh*
hi
ruby: oh okay then
LadyCanary: just look at them, all of them have huge cleavage showing
Thong outfit because....dumb.
THAT'S THE FUCKING ARTIST'S FAULT.
her comic look was a LOT more sexual than the animated series
twilight_sprinkle: Thats what you call "Huge" ?
i feel so out of place here
Both
Mega_Milk: well, by normal standards
otakon: It was? :S
twilight_sprinkle: That looked like a b at best....
Well time for bed. Good night everypony :)
Well i respect the artist and his way of expressing his designs with contrasting lines and all sorts o_ BEEEEEEEEWBS
twilight_sprinkle: This is why Linkara is reviewing it. BECAUSE ITS A BAD COMIC.
bye, Ponies47! :)
bye Ponies47
Night night Ponies47!
Ponies47: Later.
Night Ponies47 :)
Mega_Milk: no, Power Girl is huge cleavaged... too much so in my opinion
night Ponies47
Night Ponies47. Thankies for the drawing <3
Miss Martian!
Oh look! M'gann the whore!
I like her
Red
LadyCanary: what? why?
now pick a song!
LadyCanary: their outfits are canon though, arent they?
Now what?
Young Justice.
otakon: You think everything that shows light skin is perverted.
LadyCanary: She's a whore? Why?
Bohemian Rhapsody
now what?
good news!
Wait.
errrr
Mega_Milk: no but come ON she has a HUGE OPEN HOLE above her quite prodigious bust... for NO reason
youre an awesome person, and i have nice things to say about you!
Cool!
He didn't have powers to counter The Shade, but he has powers to counter The Shade. Bullshit.
such as
you smell nice
otakon: There are several dresses I have seen before that have that.
and i really like your mane
Mega_Milk: hmmm okay
Stop sniffing things
...dont know exactly how you know that... but cool
Its bad for you
hi guys.
otakon: Thats nothing that is new or excessive really.....
(\
im new here
Hi pony_998832 :)
otakon: Well then again I have no idea who your talking about
LeAnn...R.I.P.
Yes, really
hey there
Howdy pony_998832!
and welcome to Bronystate :)
otakon: So you could be right. :3 idk
Oh Lyra' I met some nice waifu material at oni con. =P
pony_998832: Make sure to read the rules and FAQ. :)
LadyCanary: again, i never said All of them. its just that 98% of the female heroes i see anywhere, always have some fanservice to them
otakon: And to answer your question, Young Justice.
lol
Howdt
LOL
LadyCanary: okay
brb
weeee
O_O
oh. okay.
Hi pony_998832. Welcome to Bronystate. Leave your sanity at the door <3
night everypony
Cool.
Night superretroworld
ASoftFluffyThing: :D
Head Shot
AJIsAwesome|Busy, well it's true
so, has LadyCanary become the master of everything on stream :2
Alrighty!
:3
Make sure you read the rules first pony_998832 ^^"
JUSTICE.
bye, superretroworld. :)
nite superretroworld
>takes on a dozen of the strongest DC superheroes
JOWSTUC
pony_998832: welcome to bronystate
Night night superretroworld!
Night superretroworld :)
>gets killed by a human
Speaking of sanity in Bronystate is grounds for being a blashphemer. Loljk
yes revenge worthless>_>
Crothc
crotch shot
Awww yeaaah
Oh god
Welcome to bstate pony_998832
Soak it in
Ponies47: go to bread :3
ice cube: i want REVENGE!!!!!
LadyCanary: well, Black Canary was on stream riiiiiight?
Scotch is better than crotch
can I ahve that?
Oh, and thats not to say that there's male fanservice too :| with dem abs and tight clothes.
ohkay i read the rules
ABS
<3333
/me hugs pony_998832
their like shoulders only better
rule readers get hugs
*theyre
Dat Linkara
LadyCanary: Teah ive seen atleast 3 or 4 bulges now -lol
so http://derpiboo.ru/130059 sdorable or abomination?
i love Linkara ^_^
Yeah*
3 wishes, Lyra` ^^"
FAIL'D
explain~
Well...
Lyra`: 3 wishes so i could wish for the other two and a milkshake
Spectrum_Rush: Both?
alright, aladin rules on the wishes
you forgotto pay the electric bill?
Mega_Milk, why you lookin' at the bulges so hard lol?
crap
Spectrum_Rush: Both.
you never EVER say stuff like that
Ohh Shit
what up Lord Vice lol
im back.
adorabomination?
ASoftFluffyThing: Im not. Its the poses. They stad with there arms back and crotches out. Like a freeze fram pelvic thrust.
Master Chief?!
Champion of the Universe....
Is that you?!
and i read the rules
I want to watch the 200th episode.
we are screwed
Mega_Milk: Like Spiderman?
so who is this guy anyways?
ASoftFluffyThing: Exactly.
Lord Vice
otakon, stuck in a groundhog day type loop in new york city, or live thru the entire history of the universe from start to finish endlessly on human colonized earths
13i..
13what..
sprinklers
what is
Just don't was
Shizuka: HAHAHAHA XD
ask*
boy, this makes nostalgia critic look watchable
wat just happened?
I love these fights, so cheesy.
and that's saying something
Lyra`: I'll go with the second please
NewSuperBronyU|AFK: ur not afk
pony_668743: Also, if you want to change your nickname use /nick. :)
Everlasting_Joy: like old school AVGN
inb4 liz is his mom....
LOL!
oni_link: Yep.
His fights are hilariously cheesy. XD
Liz is out of town atm
really?
Dat Microsoft Sam
0,14...dat Micro-
i'd prefer the goundhog day rules in new york
0,14NINJA'D
13except
13it's not ms sam
Yep
yeah THAT didn't work
I mean Stephen Hawking. Whoops wrong voice.
also, im not on speaking terms with mods, as of right meow
I want dat stark mask
portal gun use it
Lyra`: why not?
i have to say somthing THIS IS EXTREAMY DUMB
SUPER SOAKER!
why not what?
SaxyPretender: ninja'dlife
0,14pew pew?
pew pew
Them cheesy effects
boring
In trouble again Lyra`?
The Entity
13wait... what...
Lord Vice
13i..
no, im not in trouble, the mods are in trouble with me.
13what...
Lyra`: huh?
13this video..
you heard me :3
Lyra`: ???
ooookay
it's like watching a fan fic acted out
OOOHH GLITCHEXS :P
he said apparition?
What?
?
Sup suckas? What we watchin?
Man these strange Linkara story scenes
My mind is full of FUCK Shizuka ;_:
What even? Uh?
I'm idling on TF2 tonight. So I'm leaving the PC on :P
theyre on thin ice, but what are we watching?
HoodyNinja: Linkara
Buytoast: I don't know, the delivery is pretty good
Hi, HoodyNinja. :)
Shizu: You had to see the previous bits to get this
13i think we have reached a paradox....
Hi HoodyNinja :)
13twilight was a better love story than this
0,14lies
Haha, really?
My mind is full of fuckety fuck fucks, Shizuki.
0,14lies and slander
but this isn't a love story
and I like it
okay, night Ponies47|ZZZ
night Ponies47|ZZZ
Shizuka: Watch the Pokemon episode to see the conclusion, it's actually really good.
People always think I'm a guy on the internet :P
It kinda looks like a dressed up bike helmet.....
Cya Ponies47|ZZZ
13i don't even know who this is
Night Ponies47
Yeah...I usually skip the weird storyline stuff and just stick with watching the review parts
EVERYTHING is a better love story than Twilight. Except the 50 shades of the combination of black and white
I think it is but I like it dammit
shit
what
Oh sit.
Yes
...OH GOD.
:|
XD
WHA?!
wait what
what the fuck
-_(\
Is this an acid trip?
alright, that's enough
:D
13and... then pyramid head in a pokeball...
WHAT?!
LOL
Dayum
this works?
this is just bad
ASoftFluffyThing: NEEEEEEEERRRRRRRDDDDDDD
WELP. Looks like it's RAEP O CLOCK
Yes Oblivian
0,14....
0,14the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck?
I did NOT see that coming
Shizuka: Linkara of "That Guy with the Glasses".
Shizuka: This is Linkara. He reviews comic books, but for some weird reason he does weird storyline things like this
Fail
Uhm
I really think its because of the name
I love it
WUT :D
/me goes on Bronystate to see what the HELL is on stream XD
poor Pyramid Head
Polygon head!
Starwars theme song
well so much for Pyramid Head
Yeah.
he has the worst camra angle ever :|
Kurra: We don't even know
THE CAP'S SHIELD!
Kurra: Pyramid Head came out of a Pokeball. Don't even ask.
hey guys.
Hm, interesting
abrony: the stream is cut off
He never really was that hard to defeat after all
Howdy pony_102311.
Again I usuallt skip this stuff
Coldays: dont think so
otakon ?
otakon, I kind of had a feeling.
Hello.
My lord
well sounded like it for a minit
I thought it sounded a bit more feminine than masculine, but I guess it is kind of androgenous
abrony: the capture is off
This is like....
so......boring
Hi pony_102311 :)
otakon oh ok
makes The Room look like a feature film
hi thelonepony
Fail?
what
the fluff. -.o
he has FRAMED PICTURES OF PEACH!
Were those princess peach pictures on the wall......
..................
eeyup
i dont agree with choices of certain parties tonight.
????
Mega_Milk: No......<_<
...And Rosalina...
0,14....
and that one chick from Galaxies
Tbh I thought you were a girl until I saw your ident "Matt"...
What?
WHO IS STREAMING?!
FFFFINNALY ITS OVER JESUS
0,14mi mente es lleno de fuck
I want to thank them
So.. Where do I mail the slaps?
Its My Party
Well, that happened. :SD
ASoftFluffyThing: enjoying the pony card NewSuperBronyU|AFK gave you
goddamn
and tell them THE STREAM IS CUT OFF
*:D
*cards
Ponies
que que?!!
oh screw you guys, Linkara is awesome lol
I really don't know why it still says that to be honest >.>
TIME FOR ANOTHER EDITION OF GUEST THE REFERENCE
flutterchu, haven't gotten it yet.
Buytoast: Well to be fair Linkara does a good series called History of Power Rangers where he just gives straight reviews of the show but he doesn't do weird stuff. Just straight up reviews
Being shipped out tomorrow
I am so confused......
ASoftFluffyThing: whatever
does he do it like the nostalgia critic?
I cant change it
Confused?
Good.
Its working
I wonder if the streamer is still aware that they are streaming
ASoftFluffyThing: Take care! I wish you the best.
if he does, than it's terrible
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Kiki Charity Auctions of the Week!
flutterchu, SB lives all the way in California. I live on the opposite side of the US in South Carolina
what client do you use?
Pidgin
It'll probably be a week if it's going by ground
I LIVE IN CALIFORNIA O_O
im down with watching justice league
stream is a little off center
MURICA
also, NewDCD is streaming
dat skype
he could give the cards to me (or diffrent cards)
Buytoast: Nope. Just footage of the show with Linkara talking. He does no comedic bits, just his straight up overview of each season and gives a honest review of it
http://i.imgur.com/ZAoqe.jpg Here's a cute changeling riding a bicycle but the style and pose is very similar to some japanese comic based on an independant videogame
MABYE THE LUNA CARD
He forgot to turn the stream off. . . Woops.
Ah. Don't think I can help you there unfortunately :(
flutterchu: lolol
who's the character that the changeling takes place
its ok
N64
oh it's NewDCD
CrimsonPhoenix: Uuhhh... Candy?
OH GOSH that cycling changeling ;____; <3
well that's a good sign
who for some reason is not in IRC
ill mess with it one of these days when I have time..
daww the changling HONK HONK
HoodyNinja|BL2, nope
i can see his facebook page
:p
We all can
lol
DCD!
he streamed, then he got off and then he forgot to end the stream
CrimsonPhoenix: touhou
FB
NO
CAN YOU SEE THIS!
I don't know whether to leave or smile.
Dat facebook
Nobody point it out lol
crap we gotta tell him
Spectrum_Rush, You missed the question
I am hold on
ooh
everypony. spam his face book
inb4 he goes to a porn site
>.>
we cant tell him, im curious
13settle down
but yeah the character is in touhou
take that as a hint
yes ma
twilight_sprinkle, what?
twilight_sprinkle: 5 bucks says he don't
*ma'am
ASoftFluffyThing: so puffball.........your in virgina?
twilight_sprinkle: Que?
and he JUST got my message
It'll be like the time W-r-e-k left his stream on and we all heard him
thelonepony: sorry i dont speak japanese
I thought NewDCD was gone
:O
he was
I bet you 10 he doesnt twilight_sprinkle
ASoftFluffyThing is awesome!
Who's in VA? XD
Good evening everypony.
he forgot to turn it off
wait, did he really forget to turn off the stream?
Lyra`: agreed
Howdy Canadian_Brony!
flutterchu, nope. South Carolina. A week of travel by car to California
Hi, Canadian_Brony. :)
yep Buytoast
twilight_sprinkle: Spanish :D
Hi Canadian_Brony :)
thelonepony: i know :P
Hai Canadian_Brony
Canadian_Brony: sup sucka?
dammit he isn't checking it
i need to go to bed, its getting late.
kay bai.
night Lyra` sleep well take care
bye Lyra`
nite Lyra`
latas Lyra`
lol
ASoftFluffyThing: cant he just mail you the cards (reveal your address)
si yo habla espanol
Bye, Lyra`.
oh you twilight_sprinkle :P
bye Lyra|inbed
otakon: hes not in chat
stream doesnt know its streaming
Bye Lyra|inbed :)
Bye Lyra`
/me nestles at the end of Lyra`s bed :}
Cya Lyra`
If you stop someplace at least. Hate to think someone would literally plow through Interstate from one side of the country to the other without stopping to sleep somewhere
lol
well since there's no prize and I have to go to bed soon
and now Shizuka stream!
twilight_sprinkle: I know he's not I sent him a PM telling him he was still on
flutterchu, he's gonna mail it tomorrow.
13okay good it did bump off
heya Shizuka stream
Shizuka stream?
/me hugs all of bronystate before bed
Shizuka stream
Shizu!
Shizuka: yup
:o Shizu stream!!!! YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY
I'm taking a stab in the dark and say Shizustream
Shizuka: enope and I have surrond sound... it feels funky atm
aw, we didnt get to the porn
more Crysis now, awsome
well im going to go to bed goodnight everypony
Lyra|inbed: Bigass arms ya got there
yay Shizustream!
night abrony
When all els fails go Crysis
ASoftFluffyThing: so.your going to california for a diffrent reason.....why?
Night, abrony. :)
g'night abrony
night abrony sleep well
all dem pings
Night abrony :)
09,01Linkara hijacked the stream is now a meme
09,01that is all
Cya abrony
NewDCD: dude your stream was still on
bye abrony
XD
0,14also, mfw there's a computer that can run Crysis
http://i.imgur.com/ZAoqe.jpg this picture is a pony version of this http://i.imgur.com/aVgzm.jpg
ASoftFluffyThing: are you going to lunada bay?
13and those of you hoping to see dcd's private life leak through the stream should be ashamed of yourselves
flutterchu, nooo. I'm not going to California. Can't afford it.
NewDCD: ABAJ
Bye abrony
ohai NewDCD
NewDCD: Idts
09,01yeah....very tired...mind went derped
13disgusting >:(
11:05 here
before i go, Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy
NewDCD: lol I would have told you but I dont use Skype XD
09,01no Shizu, they just appreciate black comedy
Potemayo desu.... o_o
that is all.
CrimsonPhoenix: Adorable :3
ASoftFluffyThing: but you just said that your going to california bty car tomorrow
Go to sleep DCD
09,01and I promise to stream Atop the Fourth Wall sometime
Shizuka: what? no! that's horrible..
:P
OMG yay :3
The character being Chen from touhou
NewDCD: cool man looking forward to it
NewDCD ooooh, I gotta see the chat's reaction to that.
Shizuka: i was joking personally.
now good night and have fun with Crysis
NewDCD: yes, i above ^_^
NewDCD: twilight_sprinkle bet 5 bucks you went on porn
NewDCD: also be more careful next time
twilight_sprinkle: Riiiiiiiight
night CrimsonPhoenix sleep well man
aprove
flutterchu, I never said that. How I know it's that far was because my parents drove from CA to SC some years ago
Night CrimsonPhoenix :)
nite CrimsonPhoenix
HoodyNinja|BL2: wut, if i wanted porn, i could go there myself
g'night CrimsonPhoenix
Cya CrimsonPhoenix
night, CrimsonPhoenix. :)
latas CrimsonPhoenix
alsoreadbackgroundponybecauseitsagoddanggoodfanficandeveryoneshouldreadit
DerpyMuffins: hey i didnt bet anything
twilight_sprinkle: LATE
niiiiight~
09,01yeah, I mean, you guys will never get to see my hot collection of Skitty x Wailord H doujinshi!
09,01...Wait.
ASoftFluffyThing: ruby: oh okay then
Night CrimsonPhoenix
. . .
later CrimsonPhoenix
wut
.........
i dont see the "any" key anywhere
NewDCD: aw maaaaan
lol wut
what game si this?
Night CrimsonPhoenix
...Godddammit DCD.
I can't even spell doujinshi!
Mega_Milk: tis the legendary Crysis
nite CrimsonPhoenix
killin a tree
flutterchu: Sorry for the misunderstanding. Though I'd like to go one day. I have a friend who moved there about 3 years ago
Mega_Milk, the game that requires the most expensive graphic card to run well
09,01I'm kidding : 3c
HoodyNinja|BL2: you JUST DID, also you one LIVE?
no not the fluttertree
FLUTTERSHY NO!
why
NewDCD: or are you? XD
otakon: Not at the mo, why?
Full Auto Lumberjack
ha take that fluttershy
oni_link: Time crysis?
09,01DUN
09,01DUN
need to idle for a bit, be back in 30
otakon: Want me to get on?
09,01DUUUUUNNNN
There goes Fluttershy
twilight_sprinkle: :D
Or is that Semi Auto?
xD
Mega_Milk: Yup
XD
ASoftFluffyThing: i could maybe take you the next time we go ^_^
HoodyNinja|BL2: just wondering we should play a game or two of BL2 sometime soon is what I'm suggesting
09,01In all seriousness I'm just gonna go and draw for a bit
HoodyNinja|BL2: what's your tag?
Mega_Milk: oh shiii i mean nope, just Crysis
-lol
09,01so I might be back later with scans
cool
NewDCD: have fun! show us the fruits of your labor later please?
otakon: I thought we already were friends...
Dont forget the gas Shizuka
Take care, NewDCD. :)
Go Drive like a Boss
I really should change this
Cya NewDCD
NewDCD: wanna see more Linkara next time ^_^
OMG
Why is Barack Obama on the radio in Crysis? o_o
there we go
Bye NewDCD :)
Don't shoot while in cloke
NewDCD If you do, can you link me them later? Gotta get some sleep since it's 5am.
wow
its sad
my computer would explode if i tried playing this....
NocturnalBlade, you know Justin lives in California, right?
YourLittleDashie: ;~;
indeed Mega_Milk
/me hugs HoodyNinja
YourLittleDashie: :'(
/me nuzzles thelonepony
ASoftFluffyThing: who's justin?
^
awwwwwwww the sadness is shared:'(
09,01also
NocturnalBlade: One of Tyler's friends. Duh?
Mega_Milk, I know what you mean. All that vegetation looks phototorealistic.
and chat was sad
there's more?
09,01if you guys run across the idiot who made the autistic clusterfuck that he calls the "poni language"
BUT WAIT!
meh
BILLY MAYS HERE
NocturnalBlade, he literally lived 4 houses down from Tyler before he moved
Aaaaa YourLittleDashie gaah, why you make me tear up. ;.;
09,01make sure to tell him his is not a beautiful Duwang
kk
/me gyaaah. v.v
NewDCD: We have a lnguage now?!?! HAHAHA XD
ASoftFluffyThing: frenchy tyler?
lmao
09,01and dat he smells like liar and he probably cheats at board games and homework too
k
NewDCD, you mean FiM++?
NO Dari No
BAN
I'm still going to use "Pofa" though.
Mega_Milk: Pony Poneh Ponies Ponee Poni Pwny
NocturnalBlade, yesh. Frenchy Tyler. He and Justin are bros.
NewDCD: heard about the "pone language" on 4chan... WORST IDEA EVER
09,01no, something really stupid going on at /mlp/
NewDCD, I see. Okay.
ASoftFluffyThing: oh....would that be a problem?
09,01that's what I'm referring to Dashie
HoodyNinja: GASP pony poni ponies pon- pony pon pon????
yes so many poni
NocturnalBlade, how?
YourLittleDashie: i have that favorited. Thanks. :)
there's always something stupid happening there
Mega_Milk: Pony Pone Poneh Pon
NewDCD: I'm famous on 4chan
08,01http://i.imgur.com/WxpUNl.jpg
ASoftFluffyThing: idk...you mentioned him i just thought there was something wrong :$
HoodyNinja: Ahhh. Poh-naaaaaayyyyyyy
NocturnalBlade, nothin' wrong.
ponys ponying pony
Mega_Milk: Indeed
POOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNNNYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
Coldays: You kiss your mother with that mouth.....
poni poni
i guess
YourLittleDashie: :O
Is that legal?
ASoftFluffyThing: oh...well then back to my previous statement, i could take ya the next time we go maybe :)
NocturnalBlade: Justin's cool though. Kingdom Hearts fan.
HoodyNinja: lolidk
I'll laugh when Google adds pony to their translator:D
ASoftFluffyThing: cool
NocturnalBlade, I think he said he lives either 30 minutes or an hour from LA
And Shizuka killed them all, the end
08,01uuurgh
Pony pony pony pony pony!
ASoftFluffyThing: thats nice
08,01i ate chilli chicken
OH GAWD
08,01and now it's getting its revenge on my guts
i bet
Throw grenade > kill 50 people > grenade explodes.
joy
oh no
Are you okay dude? That stuff is nuclear!
HORSES
i could go for some chili
and some spicy spicy gumbo
08,01i need some icecream
I could go for some food
any food
I could use some cake
I'm broke
I want a bucking turkey sandwich with mayo, salt, and pepper augh
YourLittleDashie: now I got something funny to look for :3
as long as it's spicy
Now come on everypony no need to overpony any ponies O.K
so this Call of Duty 7: Robo-Hitler's Revenge?
going to bed
nite Derpy_Hooves
Cya Derpy_Hooves
Buytoast close enough
g'night Derpy_Hooves
It's a school night and I'm up at 12:14a help me augghh
Bye, Derpy_Hooves :)
Good Night Derpy_Hooves
09,01guys
09,01guys
YourLittleDashie: Stay awake @_@
09,01holy shit
YourLittleDashie: Go to bed?
We could have a mod kick you YourLittleDashie
DCD
DVE
ADA
omg what NewDCD ^_^
Yes, NewDCD?
NewDCD: Yo calm yo tits!
09,01http://screensnapr.com/v/Pfggil.png
I CAN'T SPELL
09,01Dio made me do it
WHAT DO YOU WANT
BED? NAH
I don't 4chan.
What a great Dio!
me neither...
HoodyNinjaCharazard Char!
Canadian_Brony: Agreed.
NewDCD is now NewDCDio
Lolol
Coldays: Bitch Charizard roars!
ASoftFluffyThing: :D
lol
ASoftFluffyThing: Yes
probly i dont know
the closest I got to 4chan was a Pony Thread Simulator . . . there's some bucked-up shit going on in that place.
inb4 his nick becomes NewDCDio :D
Canadian_Brony: you dont say lol
no, I don't say
I type and send
Canadian_Brony you mean the ones on YouTube? I saw like 2 vids of those.
smartass
I think I lost brain cells from it
I am known as Rainb0w Da$h on PTS and I scarred Jack T Herbert for life (i DON'T want to talk about it)
I wishes toseeing his face emotions of readings. you make victory
Goodnight all! Have a great day/night all! And thanks for streaming all
Bye, LadyCanary. :)
sheesh this game is realistic....
Night LadyCanary. Sleep well :3
ASoftFluffyThing yeah, the ones on YouTube. I put on a playlist when I'm on Omegle. It actually makes it interesting.
g'night LadyCanary
nite LadyCanary
Canadian_Brony: Oh lord, Omegle.
latas LadyCanary
Night~
Night LadyCanary :)
Only saw one Pony Simulator video....it was......interesting. :S
Night LadyCanary
AJIsAwesome|Busy: :D
AJIsAwesome|Busy yeeeaaaaah . . .
That cloak is so OP.....
4chan is a scary scary place.
cloak is OP
nerf plz
09,01http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1350965856112.jpg
09,01the levels of stupid
09,01are off the charts!
NewDCD it's 4chan. When are they never?
THe levels of photoshopping don't apparently make it onto the charts...
NewDCD: it BURNS
Hey u guys watch Jack T Herbert?
yes
oh god i just whatched a pony thread simulator. wtf
09,01I'm
09,01I'm
Not since Walter Mondale was running for office, YourLittleDashie...
. . ?
good evening everyone ^_^
/me facedesks for NewDCD
a pony lover
09,01seriously tempted to go back to making my "Spike is a Kamen Rider story"
Jack Reacts to the simulators
hi OneTrickPony
Hi OneTrickPony :)
Hi OneTrickPony
So maximum speed is a light jog?
I'd love to see that NewDCD :D
hi OneTrickPony
Hi, OneTrickPony. :)
He reacted to Pony Thread Simulator V0.18... let's just say it was a rather unfortunate experience
09,01and let the emerald flames of righteous anger baptize the fandom and make it born again from ashes of today's tomorrow
how ya doin' OneTrickPony :3
Hai OneTrickPony
thelonepony: good, how bout you?
Do emerald flames even exist? If so, they would be pretty cool.
Great OneTrickPony :3
:3
0,14do I detect kvetching?
Ohi im that guy built so fly with a pegisi
what game is this?
08,01what is kvetching?
slowpoke.jpg
YourLittleDashie: You didn't know? He posted that a LONG time ago.
YourLittleDashie: is been a long time from that announcment
YourLittleDashie: Um, your're late to that sweety. By like...abo4ut a month.
0,14kvetching = yiddish for whining/complaining/bitching
YourLittleDashie that was about 2 months ago
GTG everyone...
it is an autonomic erve reflex cuased by irritation of the GI mucosa...
Bye VenHur :)
seeya ven-
dah
bye ven
lol
bye VenHur
What is Shizuka playing?
SaxyPretender what is "yiddish"? Is this some new foreign language, or am I just really slow with the internets?
0,14Yiddish is an actual language
I think in scandanavia
indeed Yiddish is
GUYS GUYS GUYS GOOD NEWZ
Dis game got guns in it
I ONLY GOT 1 VOTE IM NOT ELIMINATED
what is good newa
YIPEEEEEEEE
flutterchu one vote in what?
For?
flutterchu: Is that bad?
What
BARK-LAVEN-SHIRL!
I dont think so
can i link you the video?
Ask Shizuka
What Vid
Her stream
nevermind ill talk about it later
One vote for skool pres?
Why you get me exited for new thing and then say you talk about it later?
Because that is very good
Don't you love how all the debris miraculously fell around Shizu and none fell on her?
Game logic
only to be killed by another random-ass explosion
there like wtf is happening
i don't know what to think of this anime...it's an anime about guns....liek the mane charicters are guns. not sentiant guns. they are like humanised guns....it's rather strange
wut
Its sounds more like pew than a bang
Canadian_Brony: I like explosions :3
taoumi: interesting... what's it called?
HoodyNinja don't we all?
upotte!!
NewDCD: put shoes on your head agaun to distract us
indeed pew pew pew
All right, I'm going to sign off for the night.
g'night Everlasting_Joy
sooo much inuedo DeathStar so much
Cya everypony
G'Night Everlasting_Joy
Night Everlasting_Joy :)
nite Everlasting_Joy
Night Everlasting_Joy
Canadian_Brony: Acording to a poll I conducted at my school, 15 out of every 22 girls like cannons, therefore, bitches love cannons
nite derpymuffins
Bye Der- gone
latas Everlasting_Joy
night Everlasting_Joy
bye, Everlasting_Joy! :)
Gnight DerpyMuffins
latas der- sunovabitch
HoodyNinja seems legit
Canadian_Brony: Smells legit, too
did my chat crash?
Nope
nope
dying chat is dying
:I
just asleep :3
Well im going to watch a pony episode and i gess go to bed too guy's. So Good Night Everypony and Stay AWESOME!
/me punches chat
Night Coldays :)
nite Coldays
LIVE DAMN YOU
LIVE
Bye, Coldays> :)
g'night Coldays
latas Coldays
OUCH!
Ouch HoodyNinja ;~;
That hurt, HoodyNinja. :(
why you have to punche us HoodyNinja ;3;
puncg*
Punch* :P
Punch*
Because you can't spell
thank you Meanwhile3
:D
>.>
<.<
:D
did you feel something?
Nope.AVI
nope :3
only 3 ;~;
Kinda like a tingling sensation, like when someone punches you but ends up bitchslapping and fails at it.
*sniff* Wasn't me >_><_<
Know what I'm sayin'?
Um......yes?
08,01how does Derpy log into her computer?
08,01with her usermane.
I don't know.
OH
:D
ha
Ha
ha ha
:3
:4
:5
I'm laughing at that for the wrong reason.
I didn't find the joke funny, but I think it should've been accompainied by a "YEEEAAAAAAAH"
The computer knows better
exactly
hi Cades
I'm laughing because I remember that.
Otherwise, the joke was bad and you should feel bad.
hey
how are ya?
okay, you?
ded chat is ded
so very ded
/me whistles suspiciously and drops a pie into chat
doing ok thanks
oh so ded
MINE
Pie :3
0,14well, I'm headed off to bed
/me jumps onto the pie and noms it
0,14good night everyone and enjoy the stream
Night SaxyPretender :)
Night, SaxyPretender. :)
g'night SaxyPretender
laters saxy
latas Saxy
what game?
bye bye everypony i have to go
bye Maid_RainBow
seeya Maid_RainBow
tak care Maid_RainBow
bye saxy
Bye Maid_RainBow :)
BYe, Maid_RainBow :)
Bye Maid_RainBow
bye
bye Maid-
the stream seems to be handling crysis way better now
what game is being played
ohai shiningdawn :3
crysis
That is a badass looking rocket launcher
but does it fire like a rocket when you reload it?
this game is badass
hai
that C-17 they fly in at the beginning is pretty accurate to real life
does anyone know where I could watch sprirted away for free?
Who is streaming?
hey
Shzu
OneTrickPony, you can always download it.
too bad this game isn
Panda-: through what?
co-op
can someone ping me real quick
NocturnalBlade pong
NocturnalBlade, chat derp?
mmm no sound...brb
OneTrickPony: Spirited Away? try Youtube or some of the many online video services
OneTrickPony P2P or direct.
Good movie though I love it
pretty sure there are torrentz for it
otakon and Panda- thnx
np
Not a problem man ^^
there are torrents for everything
^
even cars?
6Hey ^^
yup :3
well, almost everything
there are torrentz for cars, they are just digital
pfft I downloaded a mercedes
http://www.ebay.com/itm/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&item=251171414001
how are you doing? :)
D:
:D
but, I couldnt find that
I wanna download a lambo next.
Panda: that would be nice
lolz at english speaking chinese
or are these north koreans?
DeadpoolDash: I can speak chinese
D:
08,01OneTrickPony: so do i!
...
08,01ching chong ching chong!
why am I still awake?
HoodyNinja because Shizustream
08,01my god, it's horrifically racist o'clock
i could go for some spicy seseme chicken
XD
because insomnia hates us all
I speak japanese! Toyota-desu
and some white rice
Dken2021: It sure does.
Canadian_Brony: Lol not even here, just lurking
and some chili
anyway guys I'm off to bed
see you all later!
g'night otakon
BYe, otakon. :)
latas otakon
it's been fun as always
6Feeling sleepy and kinda cold.. :P You?
Might otakon :)
08,01<3
may the great dio watcch over you, otakon
hehe, dat love kick
night otakon
lol
xD
Shizuka, NewDCD thanks for the streams! Good luck Shizuka kick some ass!
night all :)
wait
what
aaaand there we go, back to normal ^_^
oh i remember this part
inb4 ambush
woah NewDCD is here!?
i think
doing ok
no OneTrickPony
Its raining over here
OneTrickPony: shizuka is
OneTrickPony yeah, look at the mod list
oh
lol I didn't notice
DCD's off doing some writing tho
oh, this is past the ambush
it snowed a couple days ago, but it melted :(
Ambush?
who is that afk_sprinkle guy? he sounds dumb
I would be so boring to watch play a single player FPS, I am too damn careful and methodical
6Same.. It already snowed there? :O
twilight_sprinkle you know, I could see you change your nick.
yep, twice haha
No you couldn't. <_<
Canadian_Brony: not really trying to hide it
you don't say
the weather cant make up its mind :P
6Wow *.*
AJIsAwesome|Busy: well i remember a bit of an ambush in the previous zone from when i was playing,
6We're probably gonna have summer weather again in a few days :P
Oh.
also, the story is so bad in crysis 1
I'm working on somehting right now, so can't see stream.
everyday I'm buffering
/me ambushes AJIsAwesome|Busy
what FPS game is this
:O
crysis
/me dashes off
flutterchu: crysis
haha
Just looked at veggie55s DA again :2
crysis eh?
The one with guns
*:3
:4
:5
it's getting colder here atleast, so winters definitely coming
XD
:9001
:six
crusis is rated the most realistic video game yet
:42
:3.14
*crysis
:15
:cccc-combo breaker
:oni_link
:777
:giant dog
crysis is super realistic with aliens and super suits
flutterchu: are you sure? it was oretty meh when i played it
the physics i mean
It still looks great
oh shit
6Nice :3
especially the untouchable metal wagon things
this game is the most fun when youve set punch strength to 1000x
nade spam
game does look pretty
you can punch a tank into a building and destroy the building and everyone inside
It doesnt snow where I live
and by building i mean one of those wimpy houses
yay abusing physics!
my cloak always ran out way faster then that
DeadpoolDash: same
holy shit
i sense hacks tbh
Shizuhax
her cloak doesnt even waste any energy when not moving, iirc its supposed to
twilight_sprinkle: so is that a bad or good thing to be able to do that?
the building destruction
how many nades dose he have!!!
oni_link: its good because it makes the game more fun, but whats bad is that the game gets boring pretty fast without messing with the console
yeah this is god mode, ammo and nades never run out
usually
unlimited nades too
yep hacks
yay game desing abousement!
took ya long enough
6:O
*design
Shizu did say it was on Shizu difficulty
*slaps*
HoodyNinja: ive only been here for a few mins
oni_link: :D
>_>
and then that one year where there was already snow before halloween haha
twilight_sprinkle: I might not have been talking to you :I don't be so concieted
6We're lucky to get half a centimeter of snow per year.. ._.
Hey, did I miss anything in the last 5 minutes? Something happened to the chat when I was making a sandwich and now I'm ghosting O__O
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Music of the Day #10
6:O
aw :(
HoodyNinja: y u insult me
chicken
oh my god he almost hit the speed to produce time travle
NocturnalBlade: Dictionary
chicken indeed
Chiken
ohey a chicken
not sure if it's the filter or anything, but that is one realistic lookin hen there
Chicken :3
lol Dken2021
Why does Shizu have a Scootaloo?
Shizuka, plaese don't sacrifice the chicken...nevermind then >>
ah someone said it!
reminds me of home, shot out street signs
For wubs <3
what game is this?
I'm hitting they hay. G'night everypony!
crysis
Night Lunar_Brony
bye Lunar_Brony
Night Lunar_Brony :)
All of a sudden, gummies :3 I will nom em all
Thank you Shizuka for the always awesome stream.
night Lunar_Brony
kill him
Crysis, aka, resource hog if you have setting high
13actually
and potentially crashing your computer if you spawn 2k barrels and blow them up
13all the settings are maxed out
I think Crysis will forever be known as BENCHMARK:THE GAME
I just had a thought
Bye, Luna
DAH
lunaDAH
is liek fus ro DAH?
6:O
wat with that pic
bye lunar
Throw the moon
oh..lunar left.. :(
6What is it? :3
I remember I went to a store to see if I could find some spyro games, and I'm pretty sure it was cold, but I'm also sure it was during the middle of the summer, so...
6o.o
Aaaaaaa
okay okay
6Summer snow? That'd be awesome :3
these physics seem so similar to valve one
hahaha
it would
idk, maybe the aliens are messing with my head
My faceis tired
the redirectable rocket launcher too
6xDD Could be :P
face is*
HoodyNinja: then stop looking in mirrors :3
or maybe...
twilight_sprinkle: Wah? I'm too tired to handle you right now
ILLUMINATI
:O
HoodyNinja|Sleepeh: bro you can never handle me
6*mindfuck*
twilight_sprinkle: Wanna bet?
HoodyNinja|Sleepeh: Go to sleep. :D
HoodyNinja|Sleepeh: sure
nite HoodyNinja|Sleepeh
night HoodyNinja|Sleepeh
I'm not sleeping :I
You should. :D
but you is sleepy, you should go to bed ^_^
chat is telling you to gtfo, HoodyNinja|Sleepeh :P
AJIsAwesome: You never sleep :I You're ALWAYS here
Go to bread HoodyNinja|Sleepeh :3
No , I'm not. :S
I remember this one kid in my social studies class last year, we used to have debates in class, and he would bring up the illuminati every fucking time
actually eyjey manages to go to bed before me
/me mmmh, bread
I have to sleep.
6o.o
Then you're stalking me
6For a sec I read diabetes xD
Why would I stalk you? :D
yeah we used to have diabetes too
6:O
Because I'm sexeh
......
lawl nop
Or someone told you to
our teacher gave us diabetes pills
6o.o
twilight_sprinkle: lol nope*
6Carp..I need to get going.. >.<
HoodyNinja|Sleepeh: I think the grammar error was the point. :D
aw ok
cya :)
6See ya ^^
08,01mornin' dari
Shizuka doesn't like trees ;~;
people are stupid
let them piss away their money
HoodyNinja|Sleepeh: nobody likes fluttershies
it happends sadly
08,01i was trying to figure out whether he was cold-reading or using another method
I can't stand people who say they are "psychic
twilight_sprinkle: Except everybody
08,01what he was doing was waaaay too specific to be cold-reading
o_o
HoodyNinja|Sleepeh: naw
08,01which makes it even worse
wat....
Yup
chicken as a weapon?
Killem em with a chicken toss Shizuka XD
Pet the chicken! Pet the - aww
boy, you're getting cocky there
Chicken? Where.
Scootaloo! Scoot-Scootaloo~
Kurra if it worked for link, it can work for everyone
08,01he's going out and doing detective work, or getting plants in the audience to ask real audience memebers about their dead loved ones
08,01before the show starts
Those are cuckoos, different animal
08,01it's jsut... it completely infuriates me
oh this part was tricky
ded chat is ded.
twilight_sprinkle: oh u :3
twilight_sprinkle: assassin*
no, it just seemed like an appropriate time to use a meme :P
ASoftFluffyThing: you sure? i think its assassassassin
I have never played Prince of Persia, I mean, Assassin's Creed.
I haven't played any Prince of Persia game.
twilight_sprinkle, it's assassin.
me neither AJIsAwesome
Also, how was the movie?
God, why does assassin have two asses in it.
*shrugs8
ASoftFluffyThing: Yes sir, captain sir!
*
hmm, prince of persia x assasin's creed crossover?
AC>PoP
Rhetorical question don't answer that
B-but, sass!
Although I don't play either :I
twilight_sprinkle: >female
Also, Assassin's Creed WAS Prince of Persia
ASoftFluffyThing: i think they might say sir anyway
aww yeah noscope, now go for the 360 XD
coolest part of the game probably here
but thats not saying a lot
11,02o.o
ohai NewSuperBronyU :3
le wild NewSuperBronyU appeared!
ohai SB :3
Moo :3
twilight_sprinkle, I think most of the regulars should know I'm a female by now
/me hands NewSuperBronyU a plate of cookies
ASoftFluffyThing: cap'n, y u so cap'n
/me gives NewSuperBronyU a box of Pinkie Pies on a sugar rush
:D
twilight_sprinkle: because ponies
gasp, you're female? :O (jk)
Girls?
nah, we all know there arent any girls on the internet
......
ohai there NewSuperBronyU
Ew, girls are gay
....
HoodyNinja|Sleepeh: lol
....
You sure about that, twilight_sprinkle? :D
i did let HoodyNinja|Sleepeh finish
>girls on internet is nonexistant
*didnt
>3 female mods on bronystate
No one ever gives me a box of pinkies on a sugar rush :(
What even.
Logic, what's that? :D
then the fire nation attacked
No one ever pays me in gum :'(
ASoftFluffyThing: im tempted to sarcastically link you a wikipedia page on the word "joke" right now
/me hands oni_link 3 boxes of pinkies on a sugar rush
twilight_sprinkle: lolol I know you're joking
AJIsAwesome: aw yay ^.^
twilight_sprinkle: I was being a smartass
asophtflufising, pls go
sprinkles, pls go
and there goes the broken english again
u r being mean
nou eyjey
08,01i have decided that i want Linus Torvalds' babies
08,01https://plus.google.com/u/0/117091380454742934025/posts/drvhoByi7sW
Spankles pls go
nou sprinkles
wow that was overkill
twalat_spnkl, nou
argh, 3 vs 1, i need to regroup
hehe, water is wet
theres such a thing as dry water though iirc
Caution: Water on road during rain
lol
Caution: Stove may be hot when on fire
haha that dude was glitched
HoodyNinja|Sleepeh: are those your personal reminders? :3
If you can read this you can read
lol
twilight_sprinkle: YES! I have them all over my house :3
I forget how to walk in the mornings
:s
HoodyNinja|Sleepeh: you called me a name, i will now troll u for the next several days :3
twilight_sprinkle: But you haven't been trolling me...
I remember as a filly that I used to dream of games having graphics like this :,)
brnystait pls
HoodyNinja|Sleepeh: yeah youre right, im being to soft on you
my number changed on my hard drive :/ wonder if that means its getting worse
twilight_sprinkle: Dats what he said
HoodyNinja|Sleepeh: >he
>?
which number?
o hoodi
hm?
Good evening BronyState...
evening Adam
hey AdamTheDuck
hoi AdamTheDuck
springles
Hey AdamTheDuck
AdamTheDuck: sup sucka?
springles, i like dat~
Hi AdamTheDuck :)
Ooh who's playing Crysis 1?
/me DeadpoolDash|GW2
shizu
Hi, AdamTheDuck. :)
I hate when I use the wrong command
lol me too
ill be honest im kinda surprised.
How should one react after witnessing a crash and someone who nearly died?
Depends on the person, IMO.
Normalyy when i see shizu playing any kind of shooter she has either a shotgun or some kind of melee weapon.
AdamTheDuck: Laugh
I did when it happened to me
AdamTheDuck, call an ambulance immediately and try to comfort the person in the crash
08,01so i hear reddit was down earlier
08,01http://imgur.com/Qkq1K
08,01nb. from reddit
08,01no?
08,01linky?
one sec
Kittehs!
I'd keep the details of the accident to myself... But damn she was close to dying... o.o
What difficulty is Shizu playing on?
Shizu Difficulty
she had god mode on
AdamTheDuck :( Hope she gets better
has
this setup, just, oh god I want something like this http://imgur.com/a/zSeck
i remember this level, i missed the boat so i had to run the whole way
Shizu difficulty is best difficulty
^
^^
carats!
ded
carrots?! Where?! :O
i missed the boat so i actually had to run and dodge the bullets from the copter
run/swim
wow
blow up all the things
!
You know what show I haven't seen in a long time?
House Of Mouse.
I LOVED that show as a kid. :D
why would you want to watch a house of mice
ah, yea, remember that
me neither AJIsAwesome i liked too
take that leaf
twilight_sprinkle: Why would we watch a show about ponies? :3
That poor tree. :(
AJIsAwesome: ew you watch ponies? pft so gay
shizu says buck you nature.
Just surfing the web, listening to the melodic sounds of explosions, deathscreams and gunfire
dat 360
Ain't life grand?
nop.
Yes.
life suks
killerpony7733: i know i cant believe she went for it :,)
Dat face
only for u, springles
only for u
dat face
melee is the most fun part of this game
super ragdoll happy fun time
Melee was a fun game
I miss Melee
this game has a nuke gun
totally realistic
well night everypony, need the sleepies :3
bai tehlonpon
night thelonepony
Goodnight thelonepony
Night, thelonepony. :)
And thanks for the stream Shizuka :)
ni9ghty thelonepony
oh, and HoodyNinja|Sleepy (aka Meanwhile3) go to bread :3
latas thelonepony
Shizuka is OP
night thelonepony
lmao
-lol
thelonepony: I outlasted you, though
indeed Hoody
HoodyNinja|Sleepy: thats what she said~
yesh you did HoodyNinja|Sleepy :3
/me catches oni_link's ass "You dropped this"
there we go :3
OI twilight_sprinkle, Thats my bit
HoodyNinja|Sleepy: not anymore
but still, go to bread meanwhile3 :3
/me checks behind him
pew
nah, its there
Who the hell is Meanwhile2?
whos are you holding then?? D:
i forgotten who was meanwhile2 :$
and why can't I be Meanwhile III?
It has to be 3?
3 is boring
Why can't it be Meanwhil3?
if you want it's your choice
Gets the point across.
ASoftFluffyThing: and still remains internet fashionable.
08,01thar.
Mega_Milk, yep
Yarr
dat [547URN]
[547URN] is 1337
[547URN] has best name
[547URN] best name
08,01and then everyone decided to ping me...
NewDCD is NewDCDio in my head now because DUWANG
^
^^
^^^
CARETx4
inb4 arrow blocker
[547URN]: Are you an urn now?
the 547th
took 20 bullets to the face
didn't even phase him
remember that picture I showed here about my hard drive?
If the number changes it would be bad
it only changed by one so I think I'm still ok
oh
and then chat died
yep
Hopefully it's not too bad
Who killed chat
/me punches chat again
OCUH
*OUCH
ouch ;~;
;~;
well if it changes then its goodbye computer >.>
HoodyNinja|Sleepy killed chat, he keeps punching it
Crysis is a cool guy eh, shoot stuff and doesnt afraid of anything
changes too much
Quit punching meee, it's not nice:<
lawl oni_link
twilight_sprinkle: I'm too tired to kill things right now
I dont know yet if ill fix it or just buy another computer
08,01oh bugger
08,01i need to be awake in 45 minutes
that's not good
08,01goodnight everyone!
Night, [547URN]
:)
Night, [547URN]
night [547URN]
Night [547URN] :)
Night [547URN]
night [547URN]
Goodnight [547URN] :P
or morning
nope it isnt
latas
nite [547URN]
ah, SAM
the next half of the game is going consist mostly of killing them
well maybe not half..
/me dons his Groucho glasses and walks around chat
/me slaps AJIsAwesome around with a large cow
:O
/me rolls around ded chat with AJIsAwesome
13think i will see if audiosurf works better
just when it was getting good lol
Yay, never seen audiosurf streamed here. :)
Shizuka: if youre playing with cheats anyway, try messing with the strength mode in console, it can be a lot of fn
*fun
13i know but i figure one level of crysis per stream is good :3
hallo AdamTheDuck was playing killing floor a bit ago. feals nice to get your shotgun on every now and then
/me licks taoumi :3
not afk anymore guys
as if you cared lol
im a sharpshooter myself
/me hugs Ordinalthrone ^-^
okay :) audiosurf sounds good anyhoo
/me licks Ordinalthrone too :P
woo audiosurf ^_^
/me trample-glomps NewSuperBronyU into Ordinalthrone
11,02O.O
13okay so those of you that have seen my audiosurf streams before
/me hugs twilight_sprinkle back :3
13you know it gets horribly choppy
13so everyone cross your fingers this does it better
/me insteads noms on NewSuperBronyU's mane because licking isn't as fun anymore after licking 2 others
13and let me know if it's bad k? :3
11,02We don't have fingers Shizuka D:
kk
Okay, Shizu. :)
/me crosses his hooves
I need to head to bed
ohai NewSuperBronyU :3
/me crosses his streams
see you laters Cades
play ultimate sweetie belle
11,02Hai :3
I can cross my eyes if that helps
/me hands NewSuperBronyU a plate of cookies :3
/me noms on the plate full of cookies :D
So is Audiosurf free?
/me knocks NewSuperBronyU's plate out of his hands :<
tis choppy
i don't think so... last i checked
11,02AdamTheDuck: :<
Okay.
should i sleep or stay up.... Stay up :3
Sleep. :3
11,02Stay up \:3/
11,02Though the Apple event is tomorrow morning...
No u ayejay :3
/me pushes a plate full of vegetables towards NewSuperBronyU "Eat your veggies. :<"
jk
thelonepony: depends on what you have tomorrow
11,02AdamTheDuck: Veggies are gross :(
:O
veggies are awsum
^
school but i'm free the first two periods
which reminds me, i have carrots!
Shizuka: Its not intolerable. But its pretty bad -lol
i want carrots ;3;
eeeey wats up doc
11,02I always have issues with games that are fast pace :/
NewSuperBronyU, CoD isn't fast paced? :/
NewSuperBronyU: yeah, its not like youre baws at multitasking super meatboy :P
I don't mind fast paced games, but I'm not great at them. :D
if i had mony i might get this game...
^
*money
11,02One of the reasons why it's hard for me to stream that Popnmusic game ><
good morning everypony :)
hey internet guitar her- I mean audiosurf
hi kirzstryfe :)
Hi, kirzstryfe. :)
Hello kirzstryfe
11,02AdamTheDuck: I mean a lot of stuff is happening on the screen at once :P
Morning, kirzstryfe *hugs*
good morning
Ahh ok
hoi kirzstryfe
kirzstryfe: sup sucka?
:p
What's the goal of Audiosurf? I've never played it before.
NewSuperBronyU: have you played Patapon :3
morning kirzstryfe
just got home from work 20 minutes ago >.<
NewSuperBronyU: but youre baws at rayman and super meatboy
to get the most points
ASoftFluffyThing: It's basically a score attack game.
thats a fast pace game :3
seriously, i dont think ive ever seen anyone besides SB manage to multitask a game like super meat boy
But the patapons are so adorable :3
twilight_sprinkle: Agreed.
11,02thelonepony: i liek dat game :3
me too :3
AJIsAwesome, so you don't exactly have to hit the colored blocks to the rhythm to the song like in Stepmania or DDR?
11,02twilight_sprinkle: I'm not saying I'm good or bad, it's just when you try to stream a game with A LOT of movement going on in multiple parts of the screen, the stream can't keep up and lags a lot.
And bye for reals
11,02Later thelonepony :)
Bye, thelonepony. :)
nice the halloween update is live
ASoftFluffyThing: Nope. :)
night tehlonpon
latas the- fuck
NewSuperBronyU: for pc i guess yeah
ASoftFluffyThing: you get more points by coljumns you can stack of the sae color.
13so
hallo everypony o.o
twas choppy
Hello LightTrooper105 :3
Hi, LightTrooper105. :)
hoi LightTrooper105
Hi LightTrooper105
not that i mind tbh
hallo LightTrooper105
hi LightTrooper105
13overlay statistics told me it was averaging 70fps on my side, solid 30fps going to stream
Mega_Milk, okaay.
Shizuka: Demoman: SO!
so, is it bad that I had a customer tonight, I'm the 5th person he's called with his issue and nobody else could help him, I get it all fixed within 20 minutes, then think to myself that everyone else that tried was a bucking moron? :3
It was choppy, but I didn't mind. :)
/me give everypony fresh cupcakes
sound couldnt keep up Shizuka but it still looked okay
hello LightTrooper105
yay cupcake *nom*
brohoof everypony
/me noms on the cupcake :3
kirzstryfe: well, if youre asking that question then its not bad :P
hi sweety /)
sweety: /)
Hello sweety
Hi sweety
hallo sweety /)
sweety: /)
13hm
hi sweety /)
kirzstryfe: So longas your positive that that person wont call back and make you look like an ass for thinking such things.
Wonder if I can get some pony songs on Stepmania
13give me a moment, need to see for myself
holy pony god
Woudln't be surprised
kirzstryfe: Then your golden.
kirzstryfe, no not really, I'd feel pretty much the same way XD
kirzstryfe: Maybe you had an idea that the others didn't, It's happened to me and people I know when working on a problem, any problem
Woot!
Macross! =D
i missed typed my name and it entered it
I lovedd this -lol
do Guile's Theme
^
dam..
kirzstryfe: well if thats the case then their incompetence could be a problem
haha
looks smoother now
so is there any codblack pony clans
Oh well, not that it's terribly important. =P
8 bit =D
28^D <---- Elvis
13okay, moment~
ha
Mega_Milk: are you a connoisseur of 8 bit? :3
and you also missed cynder :P
oni_link: Eeyup.
so i'm new to this site how does the movie nught work
night
ASoftFluffyThing: whats stepmania?
sweety: [You need to have bronystate gold to view this message]
Mega_Milk: might I interest you in a cover I made for a compo?
oni_link: I dont see why not -lol
sweety, try the FAQ's :P
sweety: Check out the FAQ and rules to help you understand. :)
Mega_Milk: you have something that plays NSF files?
mega
eeyup.
sweety: Sup.
13okay so assuming the recorded video matches what went to mips
idk
13it just gets severely pixellated
o-o
13but is otherwise not interrupted
13am i right?
@Mega_milk
idk
wahahahaha
Shizuka, eeyup
Shizuka: On the first song I was getting horrible hiccups.
sweety: Type mega then press tab
13i'll bump up the bitrate, do another test
ooooo
Shizuka: it was smoother, just pixelated. Which is bearable
Mega_Milk, really? It was still alright for me, just really pixelated
Shizuka: for me yes it was just a little pixellated
Mega_Milk: oooh
sweety: Thats how you auto complete.
Hi shizuka!
I don't think you two have actually met, have you?
So, I take it this game is fun
AdamTheDuck: not on macross.
Looks smoother now. :)
sweety: -lol
HoodyNinja|Sleepy: If your really bored
HoodyNinja|Sleepy: Or are a big music fan
HoodyNinja|Sleepy: then yeah.
heaps smoother now
:D
yeah
incredibly smooth
I'm not sure, actually... If I had logs I would check, I've seen her around, but I don't recall if we talked.
oh man its so smooth im sliding out of my bed~
IT'S SO SMOOTH I CAN'T TAKE IT!
13oki, moment to review
13bumped up from 300kbps video to 500
yea i'm going to bed so talk to everypony later brohoof iam out
It was a lot smoother than before.
Bye, sweety. :)
AJIsAwesome: Me neither 0.o
bye sweety /
Goodnight sweety
bye sweety
*/)
aaand shes goe
*gone
yeah she usually shows up around 10:30 -11ish mountain time
You should save these setting as presets if possible Shizuka :)
13think one more test
13video still comes out crazy pixellated
That would be... 9:30-10 my time... Usually I spend that time away from the computer... >->
13my target is to beat what procaster was capable of >>
oh haha
Explains why I usually miss her, doesn't it? XD
yeah haha
that is sexy smooth
s/[aeiu]/o\0/g
so smooth im sliding outta my chair
?
I'm just slipping all over the place!
¿
smoother than ice when climbing a mountain
NocturnalBlade: thats a smooth-ass chair
too much polish on that chair
damn you springles I can't do those symbols
^
лол HoodyNinja|Sleepy
v
>
NOW you're trolling
?
> > ^ ^ B A B B v v
по iм пот HoodyNinja|Sleepy
^^vv<><>BASTART
HoodyЙiйja
I would make a Speed Highway joke but I dont have the "all around" button. :(
springles!
шит?
thats supposed to be a (wut)
I know
u so clever HoodyNinja|Sleepy :3
Oh ma gerd!
have a scooby snack!
13mm still not quite perfect but i guess it will do
/me throws HoodyNinja|Sleepy a scooby snack
I just realized who shizus avatar screen thing reminds me of
13much better than scrcap anyway
/me glomps scooby snack
nono HoodyNinja|Sleepy , you were supposed to eat it, not hug it!
Ranks, Raggy!
stupid dog, BOOGA BOOGA BOOGA
/me glomps twilight_sprinkle
Great song
I LOVE this song. :O
/me slaps AJIsAwesome around a bit with a large trout
get offa me you stupid dog!
:O
Jaymoo
stahp
nou
A PARTY
no u
Shizuka: this is what your avatar reminds me of: http://images.kaneva.com/filestore7/3952315/4829395/megaman_zero001%5B1%5D.jpg
:3
/me licks twilight_sprinkle
HoodyNinja|Sleepy: ABAJ
Night Fluffy
Shizuka: Colors and everything
the stream is keeping up pretty well now
Meh I'm not going to bed right now
Mega_Milk: I love Mega Man Zero. :O
latas ASoftFluffyThing|Zzz
But I changed my nick because I know I'll pass out later
oh wait
:P
AJIsAwesome: -lol
Why lol?
The same way HoodyNinja|Sleepy has sleepy after his name but he's still up lol
AJIsAwesome: Well megaman is like my thing
AJIsAwesome: I spent my entire child hood beating those games
I thought Mega Milk was your thing. :P
Uhic
Mega_Milk: Same here. :D
AJIsAwesome: Oh it is :3
AJIsAwesome: But megaman was my idol
I love this song
AJIsAwesome: While everone was on mario and link
AJIsAwesome: I was still on megaman.
Sleepy is an adjective that does not mean you are actually asleep
I was on Mario, Sonic, AND Megaman. :3
AJIsAwesome: -lol yeah sonic never grew on me
AJIsAwesome: WHORE
I can understand that, Mega_Milk.
HoodyNinja|Sleepy: ;(
AJIsAwesome: It was just a lot of screen righ to me.
I loved sonic. Sonic 2 was my everything on the Genesis
*:(
^
>
v
<
\
6
The hell.
7
Up and Down and All around!
PINGAS
CCCC---combo breaker
Sagnip
999 john madden
uuuuuuuuuu
aeiou
13so...
AEIOU
9999999999
and sometimes YYYYYYYYY
dat shizu with top score
13ponies enjoy my dancing? :3
13only among friends
was alot better Shizuka :)
ah
13i don't even place globally
:P
ehhhh damn my ISP still failing so hard
My stream kept bugging out, so I couldn't see it. :(
13i think it is time for me to do my real dance solo...
What are these "Ponies" you speak of?
Maybe it's my internetz
i liked your dancing Shizuka ^_^
oh yeah, cause they put all the different modes in the one scorboard
and there is no way to balance that imho
13limber up :3
13here we go
this game neds multiplayer :(
XD
:O
no it dosnt
i used to use this as my benchmark for skill
never quite managed a perfect on ninja mono
always hit one rock or missed one block
Oh this gun be good
Of course -lol
oh, purdy
:(
Go Shizuka, GO! <3
goo applejack go
:3
hello there kirz
dem halloween colors
This song on DDR
On Easy
ALL THE ORANGE
all poptart flavors have been replaced with pumpkin pie flavor
Why is this song on DDR?
Did they ever say anything about the new Megaman ZX game?
I mean, its a good song, but I just can't imagine dancing to it
ASoftFluffyThing|Zzz: this song on Guitar Hero on Expert XD
also i saw mlp gummybear-like food in store today
mfw all of chat's messages loaded at once :D
Why are you sad, kirz?
but the pic on the front was saying "dont buy this"
AJIsAwesome: Your face isn't blue :I
It did?
AJIsAwesome: i mean the drawing sucked
Oh. :D
You mean the basic vectors of the Mane 6?
i dont get whats so hard to draw a pony for official mlp products
Gummy ponies?
ogod no
AJIsAwesome: only twi as on the front though
*was
sleepy time, have a good night everypony :)
nite kirzstryfe
bye kirzstryfe
latas kirzstryfe
Night, kirzstryfe. :)
because TheGreatAndPowerfulT's isp sucks
it looked like a amateur fan artist drawing at best
Night kirzstryfe
night kirzstryfe
and now I am tired because I have been up for 19 hours, so have a good night :)
Yeah, I do wish they would draw new vectors of the mane 6.
Night kirzstryfe, Sleep Well
i think it Was a new vector, just a bad one
Take it easy, kirz.
I meant better vectors.
like some sort of 60s twiley
twileyman, twileyman, she can do what any twiley can~
?
le vector, eyjey
i wonders if i could beat Shizu Score in audiosurf
twilight_sprinkle: Soak up all the attention?
HoodyNinja|Sleepy: y u so mean
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: You could, but you would get banned
Natural :'*
:'(*
Hell of a road trip there on stream :P
HoodyNinja|Sleepy hehehe for how long ?
Poly!
Dat vector.
u suk hoodininjo
Hoody! :3
lol indeed Polydunami
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Idk :I
shuddup springles
So is this a Shizustream?
Yep
that ending pissed me off so much in guitar hero :D
Right, I should've known
that was strangely mesmerising to watch...
Some kid started calling me Polly at school...
13i hit a grey early on and missed lots of blocks while showing off
^
aw it happens
Why?
13but still.. it is nice i can zip all over the place playing a solo and still ger most of the blocks
13arm is tired now X3
thats more that i can say
AJIsAwesome: I'm calling him george :3
I can understand why. :D
13that's really stressful on the wrist to flick the mouse like i do :3
Shizuka is best Audiosurfer.
^
Not according to those scores...
"Go home Rarity, youre drunk" http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-gWb9iVt2bhU/UIOC2JaZwQI/AAAAAAAAAcc/pccgsFsOlNI/s1600/rarity_happydance.gif
Phase4: i needd you
Oh this one
I love this song
due to my bad internet i can't watch the stream right now, may i know what song is shizu playing ?
dat spongebob
TheGreatAndPowerfulT, Sweet Victory
HoodyNinja|Sleepy: they hacked into the game and changed their scores because they knew that SHizu's was much higher than theirs. :3
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: currently its sweet victory from spongebob
awwwwwwww yeaaaaaaaaaaaaa
that gif was in sync with the intro to this song 0.o
that gif should be a smidge bit slower imo
Netsplit... >->
Rarity should look drunker
Her mane should be messed up
lol
IM AM FUCKING SICK AND TIRED OF BEING DDOS FOR NOT BLOODY REASON
shes not actually drunk,im quoting a guy from eqd
and she shouldn't be smiling that much
again haha
Needs less caps.
Yeah.
Thats how angry i am
Needs less J's
DDOS is srs bsns though
it really is
Needs less Jaymoo :3
DDOS?
Needs less Ayejay
:O
JRP|laptop: why would someone want to ddos you?
OI
You startin', Jaymoo?
Don't need no Ayejay.
inb4 stop startin
Ain't nobody got time for that.
Don't need no Jaymoo
:3
twilight_sprinkle: i dont know
Pfft
You always need me you desperato
No i don't
Leff naow
nahp
Question... What's the point of an HD video if it's only a still with music playing?
yup
I r here for stream
so shh
So am I
So shush
Nahp
Yup
NOW KISS
LOL
.........
HD also counts for the audio too, not just the picture
The bot has spoken.
Did I do it right?
No LOL
jaymoo, stop cheatin on dabi
^
Wasn't this song written FOR Spongebob? Or am I just forgetting something?
Polydunami: it was
Dammit Shizu stop playing songs that I like so I can go to sleep
This song is awesome. :O
I saw a comment saying they regretted learning of Sweet Victory from Spongebob.
Or something to that effect
i love it
I suspect this song is going to get really crazy.
I see this game but I think Chemical Plant Zone.
Or just kind of crazy.
IDK why
Nuts
I take it the gray blocks are not good.
they arent
I'd bet my left arm they aren't
no love for gray
My OC is grey ;~;
JRP|laptop, Ping
I am liking this song
13i sneezed .-.
My OC is red :3
:D
13made me hit grey :<
aw
JRP|laptop, Ping ping
"el oh el"
Well, gesundheit.
Anywho, I'm going to head off now, later!
alright cya
whoa
I like this one too
Pondooo
This is quite a fun song.
I could dance like a real dork to this song :D
holy god my stream just died
/me dances with Polydunami
oh there it is
needs more vuvuzellas
Careful you don't trip in your sleep dancing :P
/me AAAAAAAAANGH
vuvuzella hero lol, love that video
:3
Fun bit of trivia
/me dances
dat trivia
Okay, NOW I recognise this song
/me dances with ASoftFluffyThing|Zzz
Polydunami: what is it?
In the DS version of the new Micheal Jackson game, the pirated version would have vuvuzuellas playing over the audio so that you couldn't play it as well.
Okay, I have to sleep nao, I can't stay here with you guys forever, nighty night
13i love that ending so much
Bye, ASoftFluffyThing|Zzz. :)
lol
nite HoodyNinja|Sleepy
13i could put on sleepy music :3
night HoodyNinja|Sleepy
NO
AJIsAwesome: ...michael jackson game?
bye ASoftFluffyThing|Zzz
AJIsAwesome I'm not goin to bed lol
No, I recognized the tune, NocturnalBlade. I did not know it was Festivo.
Please, no sleepy music. l~l
I like your music library Shizuka ;~;
Polydunami: aah
Peace
I don't want to sleep yet. ;3;
Shizuka: do you have evangelion ost?
This is NOT sleepy music :|
^
twilight_sprinkle, yes yes yes!
evangelion rebuild preferably
If she does, omg yes!
oh
love this
organ musics <3
^
night night AJIsAwesome
I'm going to sleep?
yea
u just got a deth threat, eyjey
:O
So this is kind of lagging a bit. Is it just me or is this desynced?
/me tackles AJIsAwesome
/me is tackled
Polydunami: i think its fine for me
Aww, I don't want to refresh during this song :(
AJIsAwesome, you know who I am, no?
Nope.
hmm
ajisstupid :3
:O
;~;
now do you know?
And now the Fugue.
some sort of panda?
eeyup twi :3
my favorite part <3
Panda: i can smell you a mile away :P
hi Panda ^_^
twilight_sprinkle because I smell like peaches :3
and hello DyernalSword
Panda: ..i liek eating peaches >:3
I like cereal. :3
i liek cheese
i really do
is favorite food
lol me too AJIsAwesome
I AM THE CHEESE~
I AM THE WALRUS
you will be eaten
So do you have any particular favourite brand of cheese, twilight_sprinkle?
Polydunami: idk, perhaps brie or camambert
I'm always wanted to try limburger cheese.
last brie i ate was glorious~
I'm not sure if I've ever tried camambert, but I've really enjoyed the odd brie.
I've yet to try brie. Seems interesting.
camambert is pretty good too, but the last one i bought wasnt imported so it asnt as good
Imported cheese is best cheese.
but im a student so i dont want to buy any expensive stuff, imported costs a lot
bad idea for the game to have that tune, it messes with the song
hai everypony :3
hoi Spell-of-Gaming
Hey there, Spell-of-Gaming
Shizuka stream, I guess?
Hi, Spell-of-Gaming. :)
Yep.
yes
Indeed.
I love the visuals in this game.
thats quite pretty
Hello Spell-of-Gaming
Especially the intensive parts of this song.
i wonder how this song would look in that 3d shooter music game that totalbiscuit was reviewing
Hmm?
hmm what was it called..
13need me some wake up music now .-.
so Shizuka got evangelion rebuild ost?
That was awesome visually and sound wise
^
hello evry pony
ohai Gentelmen-geeky
Hello Gentelmen-geeky
Oho, Enya? :3
hi, Gentelmen-geeky :)
jrlllo twilight_sprinkle
hooo boi dis gun be epic~
ohai Gentelmen-geeky
hello AdamTheDuck
hello AJIsAwesome
~~~~~
YES
ah dis ost
YES YES YES
:O
:(
i love it so
YES
SO MUCH YES
hello Spell-of-Gaming
Already hit a grey :'(
BERSERKER
YES YES YES XD
Poor aliens :(
Dat guitar
~~~
what dis ?
so grand~
Gentelmen-geeky: evangelion rebuild ost
Audiosurf
game is audiosurf
twilight_sprinkle: ok
AJIsAwesome: ok
herp a dero
With a sound track like this, I feel like I can take over the world :3
^
im a potato
I wonder how much memory the entire music library occupies...
i can just imagine that giant slow angels marching to this
*the
^^
twilight_sprinkle: dat awesome
dat ending :3
That was awesome.
ahhhh more evangelion ost!!11!
well then that was amzing
13Polydunami: 4300 tracks, 38GB or so
Oh wow
:O
Im not worthy!!!!!!
Shizu is streaming i asume
/me bows his head
That'll be about one fifth of my disk space :D
How do you even get over 70000 on that song?
AJIsAwesome: being ether a wizerd or a time lord
I get a Kid Icarus Uprising feel to this music
and now i realize i havent listened to rebuil 1.11 ost
^
*^^
lol
I've never played Uprising.
u miss eyjey :3
:I
Polydunami: its good IMO
chat derp :P
oni_link: I love Kid Icarus Uprising's music.
NocturnalBlade: cherp dat
I've only ever played the first two games, and the gameboy one I've not touched in maybe fifteen years.
i say, good morrow Gentelmen-geeky
Me too AJIsAwesome I love dark Pit's theme and the boss battle music, its so epic X3
I recommend the 3DS one.
It has a LOt of variety in terms of weapons.
NocturnalBlade: yes quite
NocturnalBlade: wold you care for a spot of tea
And the story is good as well.
And it has a great score
Gentelmen-geeky: no thank you, i have my own *sips tea*
Any time is a good time for tea :)
PLus, I LOVE Hades in that game. :D
^
NocturnalBlade: ok my good sir
13that's probably my favorite scene from rebuild 1 >>
"Ow, that really hurt. But hey, at least I'm not dead!" :D
so whats the stor behinf this tron like game
there is none.
okk
we need to rewatch rebuilds before 3.33 comes out
^
Except when you have a digestive wound, probably colon or stomach. Otherwise, it's a good cause of peritonitis.
^
move to the rhythm
done
<^>
>v<
~~~
Ahh the familiar drums :3
<^>
This reminds me of a theme from James Bond
dis tune, it giefs me teh shivers
^
^^
Polydunami: oh true
Now this track reminds me of Star Fox
^
so how is evry pony
Pretty good.
tired, but good.
thats good
alright
and sore
oni_link: whyh you sore
*why
Gentelmen-geeky, once again, fine but sore :3
Gentelmen-geeky: knee went out and from being in bed all day
._.
oni_link: ah
all dem bumps
AdamTheDuck: why are you sore two
That's nothing compared to Beat It by MJ :D
i uesd the rong to
Gentelmen-geeky, mixed martial arts again, wrestling and grappling is fun but can get sore \:3/
AdamTheDuck: ah yes i was once in martial arts
Oh my
I just saw an Osu! beatmap for Gangnam Style
AdamTheDuck: what belt rank are you
Spell-of-Gaming: burn it
I bet there are TONS of videos of audiosurfing Gangnam Style
Gentelmen-geeky, we're not really doing it majorly, it's not in any particular art, that's why it's called "Mixed Martial Arts"
I love this music :3
Polydunami: burn them, burn them all
Gentelmen-geeky, it's more for self defense
twilight_sprinkle: :D
AdamTheDuck: ah
I smell an Ace Attorney OST.
twilight_sprinkle: your real lufe gundam
Phase4:
Gentelmen-geeky: gundam i can live with
:D
i.fucking.knew.it
twilight_sprinkle: lol
i had no fucking doubt
twilight_sprinkle: quick click the mute be for you brun
haha about time!!!
Well, at least the ads I'm getting are getting more varied.
AdamTheDuck: i tolk it becus i watched to menny kun fu movies
Phase4: ?
I never get tired of these Quad City Mashups X3
^
http://fotos.maettig.com/bilder/2007-04-flammenhoelle-hexenbrennen-720.jpg
twilight_sprinkle: :D
twilight_sprinkle: ohhhh prity fire
twilight_sprinkle: are you buring mate
http://davidjosephhorn.files.wordpress.com/2010/01/helllakeoffire.jpg
Gentelmen-geeky, I took MMA because I didn't want to do any compedative sports... And MMA had sparring, and it's always fun to punch your friend's face in while wearing protective headgear \:3/
why is this so infectiously addicting ??
Our local peat bog catches fire semi-regularly.
http://cdn.fd.uproxx.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/10/nuclear-explosion.jpg
/me is bobbing his head to the beat
woah
Shizuka, do you have any Mighty Switch Force music??
13nope
AdamTheDuck: me and my frends when we spar *out side of the school wher we traiend* did not waer pads
Aw :( Space Cuba would have been fun to hear
AdamTheDuck: it was fun
i wonder if thers enny Gorillaz on this game
Gentelmen-geeky: it works for any music you have
Only if you have the albums, Gentelmen-geeky :3
twilight_sprinkle: aweome
fire fox froze
agen
nuu
AdamTheDuck: do you always spar with protictiv pads on
Gentelmen-geeky, depends on what we're doing, one week we may be doing boxing
AdamTheDuck: ah
the next might be jiu jitsu
jew jitsu
i saw that one coming from a mile away
http://500motivators.com/plog-content/thumbs/motivate/me/large/212-jew-jitsu-they-will-win.jpg
^ lolwut XD
AdamTheDuck: when me and my frends spar for fun and not training whe dont whaer pads and we go all out
13that was one of my mixes :)
13think i'll wrap it up
It was nice. :)
I liked it Shizuka :3
that was a pretty good remix,even though im not really a fan of remixes
twilight_sprinkle: :D
That reminds of thE DUWANG translation.
u done Shizuka
Phase4, BerryPunch got drunk again and times out.
timed*
YES!
Panda: lol
i should have a log of that now
Phase4: pand ays your drunk
Pondooo
Phase4 log o' wat?
!cd
Um
hi
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire, Part 1" airs in 18 days, 7 hours, 42 minutes, 54 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012)
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire, Part 1" airs in 18 days, 7 hours, 42 minutes, 54 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012)
Hello Pinkies4thWall
Tom lagged :P
ello Pinkies4thWall
was away from tab, heard this and thought stream was over :D
It is
NocturnalBlade: lol
Well, audiosurf is, at least.
AdamTheDuck: do you have belt rankes
Thanks for the stream, Shizuka. :)
!cd
Episode 1 of season 3 "The Crystal Empire, Part 1" airs in 18 days, 7 hours, 41 minutes, 45 seconds (Nov 10 15:00:00 2012)
thanks Shizuka
Thanks for streaming Shizuka :)
DeathStar: ellllo
Whoa, Asuka's eyes are slightly uncanny in this image o_O
13it's probably squishing
Gentelmen-geeky: hello
thanks for teh stream( minus teh gangnam :I)
Also, HAI EVERYPONY
DeathStar: how are ya mate
HEY THERE Pinkies4thWall
hoi Pinkies4thWall
Hi, Pinkies4thWall. :)
hello PinkiePry
Gentelmen-geeky, we planned to at the beginning of the year to do belts, but there weren't enough consistant people, so we just ended up doing more Street Self Defense stuff
Gentelmen-geeky: I'm good, you?
Thanks Shizuka. Great stream once again :3
hello Pinkies4thWall
?
AdamTheDuck: ah
13i'll probably fiddle with dxtory more tomorrow
DeathStar: im good i just got a top hat two days ago
Panda-Phone: you phonie panda ^_^
XD
Gentelmen-geeky: yay :D
Phase4: Internet is being gay
JRPhone: sounds kinky?
oh Shizuka did you show volcano yet?
13not yet
DeathStar: im geat a fez next
Aww yeah lets do this :3 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anw6cFmR9hM
JRPhone: how can you tell if your internet has homosexual tendencys?
Lololol
DeathStar: home pages that set themselves?
yay
If I'm being ddosed it means it gay
JRPhone: what dose that mean? :\
00,10evening all
ddos is like an attack on a server iirc
oni_link: This sounds awesome. :O
13Polydunami: it's taking this and squishing it to 640x480 http://i.imgur.com/sdEK1.png
evening
Hi, Sumi. :)
Distributed Denial of Service
ohai Sumica
Hello Sumica
twilight_sprinkle: thanks
13so probably not doing it well
Sumica: sup.
13hai sumi
AJIsAwesome: its made by this famous chiptune artist Virt for that game :3
11,02Dat Sumica
:O
WHAT
00,10dont look that diffrent Shizuka
DID YOU JUST SAY VIRT?!
JRPhone: how dose that make it homosexual? unless homosexuals have a thing against you because you use gay as a derogitry term...
Hai there Sumica
I meant in general. Asuka's eyes seem uncanny in that image in general.
AJIsAwesome: yeah
You're kidding right?!
Nope
00,10it's not realy a big deal so long as aspect ration is matained
Wait, not uncanny
THIS IS AWESOME>
JUST
AWESOME
13http://i.imgur.com/H9Hoh.jpg same artist
More like piercing into my soul,
I mean with a period.
Shizuka: What are you??????? -lol
Shizuka: who is that
panda: herpderp internets ^_^
13that would be asuka as kaneda :3
AJIsAwesome: glad you liked it :P
13we need to see akira soon, get on voting that >>
ASUKA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Shizuka: i have no idea who that is
Thank you SO much for posting that, oni_link. :D
Huh.
Whats akira?
13http://i.imgur.com/nIjn9.jpg also same artist
Shizuka: Do you not vote for BMN?
13usually not >>
Yeah, I remember that picture.
no problem ^_^ Im actually happy to see someone else enjoy it
11,02I did a bad thing today ;^;
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ixvsV-ahI0
13besides silly filly, if you want uncanny eyes staring into your soul...
/me hits NewSuperBronyU with a spoon "Bad :|"
NewSuperBronyU: what did you do silly filly
11,02Owww ;~;
13http://i.imgur.com/Gvuvi.jpg there's this
NewSuperBronyU you lost your reciept so now you cant get your wiiu
Uh oh, what did you do mister NewSuperBronyU ??
13http://i.imgur.com/Yy3Il.jpg or this :3
11,02http://i.imgur.com/7TAFm.jpg ;^;
NewSuperBronyU: what u do
13you did a bad thing sb
13and should feel bad
AdamTheDuck: why wold you hit SB
11,02:<
See, that doesn't strike me as peculiar. She just looks angry as usual.
NewSuperBronyU: you broke your promise!!!!!
13also wow that screen is small
Thanks second picture shizu sorta reminds me of something.........milk
Phase4: help
Gentelmen-geeky, <NewSuperBronyU> I did a bad thing today ;^;
whate what did SB do that was bad
/me hits sb with a pony.
11,02DeathStar: This ;A;
/me dies
he had the wiiu pad thing whats rong with that
NewSuperBronyU: NOOOOOOOOOOO
11,02I played the Wii U when I promised I wouldn't ;A;
nuuuuuuuuuuuuu NewSuperBronyU ;o;
Gentelmen-geeky, he promised to play it with us XD
NewSuperBronyU: oh
/me revieves NewSuperBronyU with the power of cookies
NewSuperBronyU now.... 1000 years my bed!
AdamTheDuck: i did not know .....
hi #Bronystate
>:3
im not a big fan of netedo
NewSuperBronyU: have a dancing wawity :3 http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-gWb9iVt2bhU/UIOC2JaZwQI/AAAAAAAAAcc/pccgsFsOlNI/s1600/rarity_happydance.gif
11,02I went to GameStop and saw it over there in the corner and it looked soooooo cooool that I just had to at least look at it...then next thing you know ;A;
hi ThunderStrike
hoi ThunderStrike
Hi, ThunderStrike. :)
11,02twilight_sprinkle: i liek rarity :D
^
11,02panda: O.O
Hahaha and then sb played all the demos
:D
so that was yo hold dat controlle NewSuperBronyU
11,02They only had one...Rayman Legends
11,02Spectrum_Rush: Yesh
so, what's going on in this chat atm?
:O
NewSuperBronyU: You broke the rules....
11,02:<
ThunderStrike: Nothing much.
NewSuperBronyU: clean your finger nails young man :|
ThunderStrike well sb broke a pinkie promise.
panda: :O
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rU8Wc6a1r7o fear Manticore
hearing this chiptune discourages me all the time :( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fxn9o88xqoc
fear the Manticore
11,02My fingernails aren't dirty O~O
It doesnt help that he has the same name as me :(
13http://i.imgur.com/8t0st.jpg
lo
*lol
11,02Shizuka: lol
the Manticore will kill your siter for fun than make out with your dad
I don't even remember what my last fortune was :P
Wat
oooo looking at that wiiu pic i see a new tekken
/me is sitting in a classroom atm, fearing someone might look at my screen for some reason
11,02But anyway, the Wii U was the best fun I've had with Video Games in a long time ;A;
ThunderStrike: lol
wow SB, that good really???
11,02A friend played as Rayman while I played as Murphy on the GamePad
AdamTheDuck: do you fear the Manticore
uhrg... I am horrible at typing when I'm sleepy
11,02I moved the platform over for him to jump on and then pulled it away at the last second as he was about to land on it...we all laughed hard at that one ;u;
blæææh
hehehe
lul ThunderStrike
NewSuperBronyU: How many more days till happybrony64?
^
11,0226 ;u;
∞
Do you mind changing your name to that when that happens? :D
AJIsAwesome: FEAR THE MANTICORE
twilight_sprinkle: :D
11,02AJIsAwesome: okies :3
Yay! :3
Gentelmen-geeky, manticore? Is that the lion monster thingy from the first episode?
11,02I'll mention when I get the Wii U on Twitter the day it comes out. I probably won't be streaming it here on BronyState though.
/me lurks
AdamTheDuck: yes but EIVLhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rU8Wc6a1r7o
for obvious reasons lol
NewSuperBronyU: awwwwwwww :(
/me drags Ryunosuke into the chat
NewSuperBronyU: You must stream the unboxing!
its 3.33 rebuild am
so let's forget about the new nintendo u thingie... SEASON 3 IN NOVEMBER!!! :D
so I heard NewSuperBronyU broke a pinkie promise?
AdamTheDuck: sorry link went weird http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rU8Wc6a1r7o
11,02Ryunosuke: ;~;
Bad, NewSuperBronyU.
11,02:<
Can you blaim him?
/me goes into a happyshock and falls to the ground, twitching
Its like crack
Gentelmen-geeky, what am I watching? XD
For your fingers
Yes I can. :3
AdamTheDuck: ninja sex party
So much wat XD
AdamTheDuck: check out ther song Dinosaur Laser Fight
11,02http://i.imgur.com/gv1Yh.jpg
Yeah, I think I need to hit the hay. Good night everyone! :0
*:)
11,02Night AJIsAwesome :)
Goodnight AJIsAwesome
nihngt AJIsAwesome sleep well
nite AJIsAwesome
night AJIsAwesome
ITS FUCKING SICEN just ask alber insten he inveted space
Night ajisstupid :3
Gentelmen-geeky: dat Rage bait :D
lol
Mute City 8-bit? Mute City 8-bit. https://www.dropbox.com/s/vqgpl6kbw60tog9/Mute%20City.wav
/me hugs NewSuperBronyU AdamTheDuck Gentelmen-geeky oni_link and panda goodnigHT :)
/me hugs aji
^-^
/me hugs AJIsAwesome
night AJIsAwesome
brb need a reboot
is there a stream
/me hugs AJIsAwesome back :3
/me hugs ThunderStrike goodnight :)
/me licks AJIsAwesome :P
Goodnight AjisAwesome
All right guys, take care. :)
Phase4: HELP
/me hugs Polydunami goodnight as weLL :)
Hugpile, go!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mV-Kctw0yw0&list=PLB17BF5A975ABC16B&index=7&feature=plpp_video
11,02http://i.imgur.com/EJH2p.jpg
/me enters AJIsAwesome|Asleep s hug pile
/me dances
I want it NewSuperBronyU
And good night to you, Shizu :)
FUCK FUCK FUKC
11,02oni_link: ikr ;A;
Not good
/me is trapped in AJIsAwesome|Asleep's hugpile
NOT GOOD
you know this might be the drugs talking but i toltly love drugs
11,02What's wrong JRP|lap"
11,02?*
/me gives JRPhone a cookie .-.
NewSuperBronyU: Its teasing me :|
im being dosed
11,02D:
11,02Dosed?
ddos
Sb... u needz a spankin'
11,02You sure?
11,02panda: o/////o
Your being DOS'd, not DDOS'd
router sure thinks it is
if it was a full DDOS you wouldn't have internet
facebook gave me a timeout
Streeeeeeeaaaaaaaaam
yay Sumica
suddenly mica
/me licks Sumica
suddenly I FUCKING BUFFER
/me ddos's Sumica :3
sumi stream yay
Now this is neat
i cant do anything
hell ya QUEEN
00,10ohhi all
11,02Ohai :3/
Hayo
dat Sumica stream ^_^
mica its hard to watch when im being dos'ed
/me is on his phone.... dammit....
OH MY
/me is at school... dammit...
/me hugs panda
Dat happy Pinkie with sad lyrics .-.
Pinkie is sure cheery :D
Polydunami: lol
Phase4: HELP PLEASE
Gentelmen-geeky ^-^ *hugs*
yay
11,02Anypony notice how the Cutie Mark Crusaders were together in the first episode of the show?
NewSuperBronyU: no
eeyup
NewSuperBronyU: *minde blown*
Eeyup
yo whats up my bronies hows it going?
hi Moopy
OMG IM BUFFERING ON 240p ON YOUTUBE
Hello Moopy
11,02Seems to me like a mistake
/me rips hair out
helo
Now we get some Rush after this and we are in business X3
Moopy
^w^
eeyup
Moopy: ello mate
ello
11,02Hai Moopy :3
Or... FORESHADOWING
hi dude
aw crap ive been missing bohemean rhapsody
twilight_sprinkle: fell ashame
rock on. log on into queen
NewSuperBronyU: for shadowing?
Gentelmen-geeky: ;_;
It's possible they just stumbled each other there
Also, dat NewSuperBronyU :3
Jmo, y u quiet
JAYMOE
Kind of like Sawyer and Jack's father in that one flashback :P
twilight_sprinkle: *angry face* ........ lol jk
11,02Spell-of-Gaming: Dat meh :3
00,10JRP you sure it's just not network mantance in your area?
lol this is great
no
00,10I love this song but it's so long
11,02Spell-of-Gaming: Look what I found today ;3; http://i.imgur.com/7TAFm.jpg
mica its coming from 328902180231802 ip
Sumica: thats a bad thing
ip's
and its making my ineternet really slow
/me hits NewSuperBronyU with a spoon again "Bad :|"
11,02:<
im ok with it being long, it has a lot of variety
00,10oh hey cool NewSuperBronyU, you found a white vita
11,02><
not just the copy-paste music nowadays
NewSuperBronyU: Nononono. I'm all for Wii Sports but this is rediculous.
too meeeeeeee
Nothing really matters guys
/me smacks sb with a paddle.
I can never NOT sing along to this
/me goes whimpering to corner of the room
Bahaha white vita.
Love that one.
guys stop hiting SB
:'(
JAYMOE
He died when I was born :(
/me gose over and hugs NewSuperBronyU
/me smacks NewSuperBronyU in the mouth with a cookie ^_^
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN
/me hits on sb
BWONG
11,02OuO
3.14 FLAVOR
/me noms on the cookie
Everywhere.
/me feels sorry and gives NewSuperBronyU a cookie :S
/me gets knocked on the floor
/me whacks panda with a rolled up newspaper
/me hugs Gentelmen-geeky back :D
11,02Dat kick
lol
shee alrugic to here self
FUCK FUCK FUCK its distrupting my internet now
lol
i dont know what to do
XD
MUFFIN
Indeed :3
nah i still hate places like that
00,10NewSuperBronyU loves 4 am buritos
and thays why i love flutershy
fluttershy is worst pony >.>
twilight_sprinkle, :|
lol
Oh, 3 days before Windows 8 is released.
lolwindows8
Spell-of-Gaming: wow lol, im still on vista
how did you mess this up XD
00,10so cute
00,10needs music loop
dwaaaa
muffin rain
needs epic music
like two steps from hell
I want
twilight_sprinkle: lol
or maybe evangelion ost
^
/me slaps Vivix around a bit with a large trout
/me pats Jmo
Steam is a bitch :3
hahaha
Ooi why'd you go offline
;__;
HEEEEEYEAEYYEEYEYEEEE
HAYAYAYAYAYA HAY HAY HAY HAY I SAY HAY WHATS GOING ON
well i think i shall be off to bed...good night guys and thanks for the streams ^_^
bye SleepyBlade
Iiit'll probably pop me back online soon, just fell out
night SleepyBlade
Goodnight SleepyBlade
00,10do have this one
Good night "Nocturnal" Blade :D
NO
Gentelmen-geeky, now I will have that song on my mind for ages...
how about that :3
Stop falling out fff
/me hnnnnnnnnng
:3
Vivix: lol
thats a nice one to go to sleep to ^_^
So cute <3
Sumica: theres also this new gif http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-gWb9iVt2bhU/UIOC2JaZwQI/AAAAAAAAAcc/pccgsFsOlNI/s1600/rarity_happydance.gif , although its a bit too fast imo
Pinkies Jam is SO good
hmm :3
Pinkie!! <3
twilight_sprinkle: quick mute or well die
PINKY
DeathStar: i am to asume u like pinky
00,10and then this
twilight_sprinkle: it goes perfectly :O
00,10yeah
Aha!
Me gusta Pinkie :3
hehe
Redline, correct?
lol flutershy
lol the rarity gif goes good with this tune
Gentelmen-geeky: :3 maybe I do.. and maybe there is no other option other than to like pinkie
Dat cardboard Twilight cutout :D
It stoped
whoa
DeathStar: ders flutershy
This is epic :o
Gentelmen-geeky: not quite as awesome as pinkie pie
DeathStar: awesom as randume yes i agre but in cute ther is no match for fluter shy
Hey sumica was a new video
Gentelmen-geeky: twily is cutest!
Pinkie Pie is that character that would be annoying in any other show, but is somehow really likeable
Right, I'm off to bed. Good night, everypony.
i mean that new video
bye Polydunami
Bye Polydunami
twilight_sprinkle: lol
Vivix: ikr, most characters like that annoy me
Thanks for the streaming. I'm out of here.
dem puns
Same here twilight_sprinkle, yet somehow, she's one of my favs
Gentelmen-geeky: in some cases you are right. but pinkie dose haver mer moments of insain adorableness
its probably because pinkie has more to her than loud randomness
DeathStar: pinky one of my fave becou i act like her in puplic
Shes my favorite for precisely those random moments and her comedic relief
00,10yeah i have played the spike toss
the dos stoped
same here Gentelmen-geeky
oni_link: lol
it was my brothers pc giveing out our ip
Gentelmen-geeky: I act like her randomly
DeathStar: its not randume if its all the time now is it
00,10look at dem asians go
lol
heated wire looks like a laser
Gentelmen-geeky: actualy it's not all the time ^_^
But remember guys do not touch the laser or you will be dead
This has to be Sumica streaming. Not because of the little pony onscreen, but because who else would show a program on how to make a bike helmet?
DeathStar: you siad "i act like here randumly" it wold not be randume if you aced like here all the time
lol this is interesting though
00,10what you dont like how it's made?
11,02i liek burritos o.o
Gentelmen-geeky: exatctly but spelt better
00,10wonder if they have a how it's made for microwave bureitos
Sumica: More like I've already seen most of them.
Heh i had that for dinner NewSuperBronyU
DeathStar: sorry i was typing fast
Sumica: Well, I don't know about How it's Made, but they had such on Unwrapped.
Gentelmen-geeky: ^_^ it's fine
DeathStar: yay
11,02Moopy: Dat awesome O3O
Unwrapped is a show on the Cooking Channel (used to be on Food Network) about how various commercial food products ar made. They did a how on Microwave Burritos.
eeyup
im a moo
Well, not a whole show, but at least a segment.
00,10eh it's not food network any more?
DeathStar: what are you going as for halloween
Heh sorry sumica
Gentelmen-geeky: nothing mutch
Gentelmen-geeky: lol not doing for hallowing i ment what is your costume going to be
00,10hmmm, my cable still calls it food network
Sumica: do you not eat aluminum?
Sumica: i think Kencolt meant that it no longer airs on the Food Network but is shown on the Cooking Channel
Sumica: There are TWO channels. Food Network and the Cooking Channel. Both part of the same firm.
aluminium*
00,10ohhhh
I wouldnt mind working in a refinery
why am i think of this as r34
00,10and this is why recycleing is better
thats a big tea pot
must be just me
JRP: -_(\
lol
00,10cause making new aluminum is expensive as hell
Sumica: hell is expensive
angus?
like the burger king angus?
Sumica: And yet, recycling is never 100%, and the need/demand for aluminum always increases, so making new aluminum is needed.
00,10ingets
Sumica: which is why Apple is hated so much. Lets shave down a whole block the size of two human head to make one Unibody laptop -.(\
Gentelmen-geeky: no no hell has free entry
Ingots.
*heads
ingets
ingots me things
dat how its made
*thinks
dat Phase4
00,10ohhi Phase4
sup phase4
aluminum is a fun thing
It is spelled ingots.
DeathStar: that good i dont want to have to pay rent
anyway im out, cyall
night twilight_sprinkle
20% of all electricity produced in victoria is consumed betwene two metal plates
also hi Phase4
later twilight_sprinkle
00,10ewwww full disk breaks
betwene those two plates is aluminum ore
00,10pita to replace
i forget how to spell it
im go night evry pony
hehehe individual finger gloves look funny
Night Gentelmen-geeky
night Moopy
night Gentelmen-geeky
oni_link: no no those are minimalist finger puppets
yup
night oni_link
DeathStar: even better lol
you should see some of the stuff that can be done with cnc machines
niht DeathStar im go to bed
straight from software to assembled car
wow
Gentelmen-geeky: night night
This is truth... http://derpiboo.ru/130436
00,107axis mills are amazing no Phase4?
that they are
00,10can almost mill a whole car from them
lmao Kencolt
00,10ever seen a carbion fiber mill?
Sumica, dont think i have
Good morning Bronystate! :$
that is a tiny battery
morning MadSurge
00,10they can knit aircrafthulls in like 8 hours
Sumica, that... wow, that is huge
00,10mind you not huge aircraft
how about that, the battery was conceived in the 1800s
oni_link: by an italian XD
00,10we are talking like leerjet size
lol yup
00,10bunny people
Sumica, thats still a lot to assemble
batterry companies will never go under
so many people need them
How it's made! \o/
00,10but yeah they use a blowup mold and they knit the carbon fiber over it with somthing akin to an inkjet brinter head
indeed Ordinalthrone
00,10printer*
Ordinalthrone: unless we find different ways to power things... makeing batteries redundent
but battery companies will probably be the ones to develop it
Even if we find other ways to make electricity, we will probably not change batteries too much
Only one I know is--hydrobatteries? I dunno
I made myself sad. Where's a wall when you need one...
fun fact: cell voltage is determined by the battery chemestry, for example lead cells are 1.2v
does not matter how large you make it, 1.2v
KnifeH: between the floor and the cealing
Somehow, that is cool
wow Im learning and I like it :3
DeathStar, how many other companies research mass production of portable power?
00,10NiCad batters are nice for rechargables but suck in your tv remote
Ordinalthrone: I dunno...
Phase4, that is indeed fun
i think nicads have leakage problems
NiCads? GOOGLE
00,10yeah they do
nmhi are better for remotes
Ordinalthrone: but it dosn't have to come from a company...
DeathStar , I lack those fancy things.
DeathStar, me neither... I'm genuinely interested...
Ah yeah, we don't have them in our remotes- most of our uses eh those shallow clock batteries
at least the new ones
I am so watching this series :3
DeathStar, who will produce it then?
Ordinalthrone: same actually.. but it's too late in the day for me to start reserching....
08,01so i just had porridge
00,10they discharge on there own Phase4 but they dont develop battery memory and can go up to 2500mil amps in double A's
08,01with cheese
08,01it was amazing
DeathStar, Amen
Porridge with cheese?
08,01indeed
I've had porridge with meat--but hm
I love cheese, I'll try that some day
Guys, I'm trying to find an episode based on a really vague description, can someone help me?
Ordinalthrone: it only takes one person to discover somthing... a scientist working on somthing compleatly different could work it out
I have porridge with honey :3
Sumica, 2.5A is better than single use
Milk and rice porridge, right?
DeathStar, scientists need funding
00,10hehe nope
Havent had porridge at all
Ordinalthrone: that's true ^_^
There are so many definitions of "porridge". Every culture has had some version of it.
00,10mind you this was my old old old mp3 player
There's an Ice or crystal statue that breaks; someone depressed drinking lot of tea or something in a bar; and a pony that runs a lot, all the time(I assume it was rainbowdash, but I don't know)
00,10it needed 2100 just to spin up the drive
XD you had an mp3 with one of those micro drives?
00,10yep
00,10people thought it was a CD player
DeathStar, One scientist with no funding who get stuff done: http://theoatmeal.com/comics/tesla
My uncle came home with one of those once, "This can fit 1000 songs!!" and we were like "oh my god!"
i'd love to pull one of those apart, miniture hard drives facinate me
00,10I still have it
Ordinalthrone: true XD but funding dose help
00,10also have a more recent one made by coby
00,10it's a miny video player
00,10it sucked
DeathStar, Its still an awesome article
08,01oh god, i can still feel yesterday's chilli chicken making its way through my body
also. Thomas Edison was a dick
00,10but yeah it was a 10 gig player
Ordinalthrone: well of corse it's theOatmeal
08,01it feels like my abdomen has been set alight
00,10also got a bunch of cash in a lawsuit from creative.
/me 08,01will stop being disgusting now
00,10seems they were misslabeling mp3 players
DeathStar, Once again: Amen
00,10said they held more then they realy did
08,01oni_link: i don't think so; unless i give myself an oil enema
08,01capaiscin isn't water soluble
08,01but is oil soluble
08,01Ordinalthrone: that will do nothing
08,01the problem is not in my stomach
whaaat
00,10bio steal, that shit is awsome
00,10but spider goats freak me the fuckout
Spider goat, spider goat
08,01spider goats?
/me realises internet hugs are not the same as real hugs...
08,01yay hugs! \o/
/me Internet hugs anyway
00,10combining spider dna in to goats
08,01ah, spider goats
08,01that's really cool
00,10goats that give spiders silk in the milk
00,10to make bio steal
Sumica, Spiders silk in such large quantities could be great for construction material someday...
^
Spidergoats?
Do they look awesome?
/me licks Vivix :3
Hiiiiiii Adaaam
00,103 days to cut?!
Vivix: sadly they look like normal goats.. exept they wear a red suit with a spider wed pattern on it :3
Aw Yeah
08,01i like spiders
/me loves goats
08,01they are cute
00,10Ordinalthrone, they already give alot of it
I can't stand spiders, but a goat with 6 eyes? I might have liked that
00,10they been using it to make ultralight body armor
I like goats but their sideways puples always creep me out a little
Oi, spiders are cool.
Nuh!
lol biosteel is an energy supplement as well
DeathStar, horses have the saame eyes, I was so freaked out when I first looked a horse in the eye
now I think its cute-
Sumica, Body armor is small scale... I'm talking moe efficient aircraft
EXPLODE
08,01if you've ever tried to cut open a moth cocoon, you'll develop an appreciation for the tensile strength of silk
00,10well yeah
Vivix: yeah you do get used to it but....
00,10but the thing is the stuff is not ridged
I have to admit, it does look creepy, but--yeah you get used to it or fond of it
Fluttershy, sadly, suffers from Fainting Goat syndrome (look up Fainting Goats. It's WIERD.) When you see her kind of topple over and hear a bleating noise (in a couple of eps) that's what those goats do.
Sumica, Treatment to harden it
lol
Fainting Goaats- so cute, so sad
this is true Kencolt XD
00,10so many spuds
Vivix, how is it sad?
They lock up and fall over, so if they're fleeing, they basically leave one behind to slow the chaser
Ordinalthrone: Well, it's certainly not a survival adaptation.
Old ones can be funny though, the ones who are used to it
just leaning on stuff and--looking all maximum chill
potato chips are sooo bad for your teeth because of the starch sticking to your teeth >< it's worse than sugar
Kencolt, True... But the adults learn to keep their feet, and it must serve some purpose. How else would they survive?
IF they are startled in any way, they just-- as said- lock up and fall over. There's a frigging Fainting Goat Society of people who RAISE these critters.
now i want soem chips
anyways good night everypony it's bed times for me ^_^
O.O
It is a gene fail, so it's like--a strange evolution
All those chips...
08,01Sumica: make a framework which only uses tensile strength to keep it up, then build the building around that
i want chips now -.-
^
^^
00,10puffs
EXPLODE
"Simulates flavours"
why does this look all so good now? its too late to go anywhere
00,10tis why I love vegas
Now I want food-
00,10any time of the day you can order out for any thing
Damn you Sumica
00,10even sex
So jelly-
Vivix, Upon some research, the only reason they survived is because they were raised for sllaughter so they are easily killed... That is sad...
im jelly as well
It is-
I'm too nervous to live in Vegas
I'm too nevous to live in TRONDHEIM, Vegas would be suicide
00,10eh why is that Vivix?
Sociophobic, but getting better
it could only do algebra. already had me beat >.>
It's probably a safe place, I mean- families live there, but it's so--big
00,10you know if you stay off the strip vegas is like any other city
08,01right, i'm bored
Yeah, but cities in general- you know
08,01i'm going to try something
>ceramic
00,10and realy vegas is not that big
this is a smidge old
also known as borax
00,10like the whole vally is 30 miles across
Compared to trondheim though? Trondheim is like a tiny tiny island in Middle norway
I couldn't live there
08,01who would be willing to put me up for a week in january?
00,10you can sleep on my couch, no hobo
Hey sumica do they show how kodak video camera's were made?
awww
lol
i didnt get the model number
08,01Sumica: where do you live?
00,10need me to rewind Phase4?
nah, its ok
But yeah, nothing against Vegas, as everyones assured me it's a nice place, but cities scare me, all cities
I knew It!!!!
dat ibm logo
so these are probably powerpc chips
00,10you might like the mountan camp then Vivix
/me hits google
Ive seen chips being used in the IBM T40 series
00,10up by mount baldy
similar to these
Hehe, yeah, only time I go into cities is to buy music stuff or see concerts, I want to get better though, because- yeah, cities are nice, but scary
1000
a number thats small today
Vivix, This is what is sad about the city: http://ihasahotdog.files.wordpress.com/2008/11/funny-dog-pictures-big-city-dog.jpg
!
hey guys
Hey alexxm, how's it going?
alexxm, Hey, Waddup?
The biggest City I've been in was Berlin, but that was before my anxiety issues things, so that was tons of fun, even if we did get chased out by an angry toilet guard
2001 wow. so those chips were the chips before the ones Ive dealt with
i od what i want
Vivix, Biggest city I've been to is Sydney...
YAAAAAAAY
i'm good AdamTheDuck and Ordinalthrone you
Aah, isn't that a pretty big place?
fuck you i do what i want
Dance Pinkie and SPidey!
oh lawd
Oh man...
aww yeah spooderman
YES
So much yes XD
Vivix, Yeah... but i stuck near the harbour so it was pretty open...
Aah
00,10ready your screen caps
alexxm, quite fine thankyou
00,10bound to get more great faces
Vivix, I was only there for like a day so...
I like living outside of the city, but I would liek to be able to wander around in the city more
Aah
Vivix, Me too
08,01sumiponi!
08,01\o/
08,01okay, better idea
who throwa
08,01who would be willing to put me up for a few days?
who throws a sword
08,01in january
hitler moustache O.o
when i was a wee lad
08,01teletype machine!
08,01i've got 2 teletype machines in my shed
Come to Australia and you can have my spare room :P
00,10he must cut his hair with a straght edge
i've never seen a teletype
lol
Casualman
00,10spidie chilaxen
ohai spidey
Look! It's Jmo
spidermans your dad now kid
and Phase4!
Psht
Spoiderman
/me tries to remember other australians
Adam
00,10always with the boomerangs
Jaymoo
what are you doing, spiderman? get out o there spiderman, you're not phantom
you're spiderman
08,01no-one?
00,10there is an old saying billy, fuck you I'am spiderman
that little object
/me licks Jmo .-.
Why.
that walking
/me licks Jmo's eye, then Adam's forehead
wat.
08,01Sumica: where is your area?
00,10Vegas
Crikey
Wat XD
Spiderturtle
Amazing Spideysense there spidey
Quick sand? D:
is the austalien supposed to be kraven?
>wasting arrows
I'm Aussie too :P
08,01Sumica: i can make it to vegas
Wut?
Another Aussie?
Ordinalthrone, G'day mate
eww Victoria
"Spiderboat"
Yes Jmo, Ordinalthrone is Australian :P
Gtfo
Jmo, :<
08,01spiderboat!
Jmo, :|
08,01spiderboat!
web boat is best boat
how
Haha, SERIOUSLY? Did he build an ENGINE?
I swear Perth doesn't exist.
00,10yup spins a web 'any' size
Phase4, Nobody exept my Grandad say's G'day, but G'day just the same
well that was easy
God I hate that saying.
08,01i'm australian!
those different perspectives
08,01well
08,01i'm not
im always wondering why he doesnt simply make a webtank
08,01but i wish i was
GEEDAAY
Ordinalthrone, gtfo and embrace your stereotype Australian side.
08,01Sumica: i want to go somewhere; might as well be vegas
00,10ahhh
hey Sumica is the hunter supposed to be kraven?
AdamTheDuck, http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mbps6wLW291rfr9b0o1_250.jpg
00,10could be alexxm
Handsome beard
Oh you got told Adam.
Sit down.
scientist in castle
00,10shoot web, climb wall
^
wat
Ordinalthrone, pfft, I got all the class I need. v
http://fav.me/d59wade *
anyone else getting the feeling the conquistador got a higher animation budget then everyone else?
silly billy
dammit billy
00,10did he just web that kids head?
XD
Sound effects
heres one :3 https://www.dropbox.com/s/x2e0rcsxotnkfev/oh_spidey.png
Hahaha XD
Spidershield
dat webshield
08,01man, this is terrible
It iis~~
AdamTheDuck, http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mbpr8dDoc01rfr9b0o1_500.jpg ;)
08,01indeed
dat swing
lol
08,01it's like adam west batman
oni_link, good one
Wait What, embedded knife in stone?
Strongest aussie ever
Ordinalthrone: thx , tis OC
or was this 80s
00,1060's
yeah, 80s looked different in animation-
ah good i got it right on the 1st
oh my god
00,10super kid
that run
dat kid
lol
What!?
ohuuuuaaaaa
08,01hahaha
Ordinalthrone, I have a chicken riding a shark weilding lasers travelling through space, your reason is invalid. http://fav.me/d5b36lu
XD
00,10pons de leon?
who now?
I think it's some guy who set out looking for the fountain of youth
lol
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juan_Ponce_de_León
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juan_Ponce_de_Le%C3%B3n
AdamTheDuck, http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mc0kruXtGq1rw257ho1_500.jpg
Dark_Horst: ninja'd
08,01hahaha
dammit!
Popmusic
00,10worst way to pronounce his name
08,01Conservatory of Mod Music
"He led the first European expedition to Florida, which he named. He is associated with the legend of the Fountain of Youth, reputed to be in Florida."
AdamTheDuck, http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mbprjkzZHH1rfr9b0o1_500.jpg
08,01well i never
>Florida
groo veee...grooo veee
08,01groooo veee
Ordinalthrone, why do tumblr images alway fill up my whole web browser?
hippies hippes everywhere
00,10far out man, far out
Phase4: explains why all old paople move there
AdamTheDuck, dunno...
08,01violinist is clearly a rocker
haha so sonic blasts are normal XD
OH NO, THE GARBAGE YELEPORT BEAM
00,10and can be seen
zinkz zu zbuyz
so many--crazy accents
lol
no you just have bad aim
00,10man that guy has great eye sight
Im hungry XD i instantly though BK when he said that
Flaslight?
AdamTheDuck, http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mby7crPaFg1qm16p3o1_500.jpg (sorry) <3
00,10Dont ask where he keeps it
08,01DUN DUN DUN DDDDDDDDDDUUUUUUUN
/me licks AdamTheDuck
Ordinalthrone, http://fav.me/d56uadr
Haha
ti ze zvolld
08,01that's right kids, classical music is EEEEEVIL!
so those guys a dead then
AdamTheDuck, http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mbjcdp1R0B1rfr9b0o1_500.jpg
i think
Ordinalthrone: ha a classic
XD
Ordinalthrone, XD
00,10get me pictures of blackmales
08,01spideronesy
Whatwhat what
these flashcuts are so confusing
This was a time of many things. A golden age in animation wasn't one of them.
Noo! Mai Hai Fai
haha
so he can feel sonic waves before they arrive
interesting
00,10wait wut
what what, that was almost mc escher ish mistake
00,10uhhhhh
It is!
AND THEN MAGICALLY HIS LEGS WERE UNDER
Mc Esher Man
Do you know what really is tragic? the Superfriends had more coherent plots than this. Not by much, but...
wut
08,01hahaha
lmao after the blackout his legs are under instead
o.o
oh god-
08,01and fixed
00,10so many animation errors
08,01knots that tie themselves!
08,013 phones!
08,01who needs 3 phones?
FIVE
00,10JJJ does
appearanly spiderman can regulate his weight at will
08,01lol 60s
08,01$500,000 will build you a conservatoire
YOU TEENAGERS
08,01yes
08,01he was black
00,10dat face
Gaga!
Sumica: There's bananas in my fruit bowl with a sticker labelled "Sumifru" on them.
That face broke me
i like how the teenagers grow up to complain about teenagers
isnt life fun
00,10lol XAX
lol so true
Phase4 I already complain abou teenagers..
'theres a string attached
00,10web+sound= boom?
sonic boom
sonic web boom?
Sumica: didnt you know?
bye bye everypony... back later
08,01he's going 30 whole mph!
^
bye Ordianlthrone
Bye Ordinalthrone
00,10second fiddle
heres that face XD https://www.dropbox.com/s/imrtd23t149b341/buttfun.png
Ohohoho
00,10nice oni_link
XD
POOTIS ON A RECORD
NOOOOooooo~
00,10whats realy sad is this show never improved
00,10you know how some shows get better as they make more eps
00,10not this one
doesnt seem to be getting worse thoug
Who made it?
Sumica: means more pic fodder
lol its at a standstill XD
Sumica: The first season-- if I recall correctly-- drew more from the comics. Then went striaght to hell.
Krantz Film-
But I seem to remember wrong.
00,10stan lee even had a hand in this
oh well how about that, its raining here
But Sumica, how could you possibly improve this masterpiece? :D
08,01IN COLOR
08,01sorry
08,01i mean
NO!
00I09N 08C09O08L00O13R
hahaha
/me dead
00,10not random enough
11I13N 11C12O13L11O13R
08,01goddamnit rainbowscript...
looks saturated wrong
lol
04I08N 09C08O11L13O12R
what is the speed of a crime
08,01there!
Heaadshooot
*2
00,10wait
00,10how is there a shadow
08,01Spectrum_Rush: FUCK YOU I DO WHAT I WANT
08,01:P
00,10it's jail bars
"I go to jail wearing my costume"
^
00,10noa body
lol
Oh-- THYE VULTURE'S COSTUME IS POSERED ARMOR AND THEY LET HIMM KEEP IT ON?
00,10dem grins
how punny
OH GOD
they all have rapeface
indeed
00,10pootter scooter
lol
ptptptptptptptptptptptptptptptpt
dat goblin
Worst sound effect ever
And the Goblin Glider is powered by... apparently... a lawn mower engine.
00,10I rock my chair so you know I am here
"I show my emotions by rocking my chair!"
lol
dat web to nothing
the vulture looks like a bad Snakeman fan drawing
hey..that's a good question
lookit ma web, sticking to air
what does the web attach to
00,10lolwut
So apparently, he just stands on the same roof and takes it
EXPLOSIVE FEATHER DANDRUFF
i shake my fist at you
SO farrr yaharr
"Joke while you can spiderman" "ok then"
wow these artists got lazy on following through on detail
and scale
08,01oh peter parker
08,01you so OP
Pumpkin bum?
00,10duh faces
his desk is facing the wall?
But what about poor Mysterio? :(
00,10sure is a bright skyline for midnight
10 to 12, must be lunch time
Apex Acme
00,10wut
00,10where
WUT
blop blop..blop
00,10chillen
wiat was that the wrong voice?
"See how it's done birdbrain?" In that birds voice, with spidermans head moving
Vivix: maybe he was just imitating the voice
Oh right
See?
Yeaah~
team kill
LOL he didn't even try to dodge a GRENADE
but he has a visible gun
^
...is that supposed to be a spider on the front of his outfit?
sa_Spog: Yes. Yes it is.
lol
Oh u JJJ
08,01there needs to be an abdridged series of this
00,10end every ep trolling JJJ
Smart man
this is a gold mine XD https://www.dropbox.com/s/uwr1gq8q2ieaa1e/faberiffic.png
must be chameleon
00,10wut
^
This is already an abridged series
lol
Gadzooks
the most disgusting swear I know
"God's hooks"
lol
00,10lawl
Hooks freak me out
00,10they are all upsidedown
08,01dat shatneresque
those wrists
Hahaha, sounds like The Count
he does1
08,01and now he's a zebra.
*!
zs
XD
Haha
What the hell were the storyboard people doing with all these poses?
whoa that escalated quickly
ded
And that was the last episode
4thwall
why does jameson have authority over the polive
police
Corrupt?
:D Credenza
is this some 60'ies spiderman?
he was carrying space in the backseat
Fl00t4hSh41: it sure is!
00,10JJJ owns newyork
Oh goody
00,10spidermen
00,10sounds jewish
DAT SPIDERMAN IS A SPAH
Is Jameson sporting a hitler stache?
00,10what is JJJ doing with his hand?
dat disarm
toim
lol
BALD
bald
AWW YEAH SPIDERMAN
DOES ANYPONY HAVE A TUPAE?
Toupee? hang on
If spiderman does what spiders can, shouldn't he shoot web from his ass?
goodpoint
dat sumipony
/me grooves
Ow. One of my wisdom teeth is coming in
Pinkies4thWall: agh, wisdom teeth DX
00,10hurt so much it crashed you out eh?
ya know i sometimes get the feeling sumipone has a script that activates when theres music
00,10well with only 4 animations Spectrum_Rush
Was that @me, Sumica?
00,10yeah Pinkies4thWall
hypno rainbowdash
Nopony was talking, so i thought my chat froze. :$
Sumica, why do my teethhurt so?
* teeth hurt
00,10poor dental care?
gummi is best pet
mrponiator animation! woo!
Pinkies4thWall: Try thinking of something else. The more you notice it the more its going to hurt.
STAY OUT OF MY SHED
lol wut
oh dear
Sumica: http://derpiboo.ru/130059
Aaaand average Pinkie
/me thinks of poniez
FUS RO YAY
lol
:O
fus ro yay
Sumica made a magic window appear!
00,10music ep
Background music Mare Do Well!
MDW ep?
/me approves
Hmm so is there a reason why the background is so much louder?
Sumica: I was wondering what was wrong with the sound
Sumica: can't wait to hear the batmanesque music!
BGM MDW
AAAAAAHHHH
karaoke version
ew. i just found a clump of pubes on my bathroom floor.
00,10.....
wtf Pinkies4thWall wtf
Pinkies4thWall and we needed to know this why?
idunno.
Pinkies4thWall: How nice of you to share that information with us all
00,10oh hey we can check to see if the magic aura rule holds up
what rule is that Sumica
00,10likeing the music so far in this
lol
Brb guys i have to go take a quick shower
Oh no, there's something wrong with the baby! *cue Newborn Cuties Scootaloo*
Sumica: but i dont think rarity was in costume at all just twi
00,10that a ponys magic aura is the same color as their cutiy mark
Scootaloo with a rainbow mane looks so off
And Derpy :D
00,10that croud had like 4 lyras
lol
Sumica: CHANGELINGS WROTE THIS EPISODE
dat silly
danger is my middle yay
MadSurge: I approve
MadSurge: The changelings have been around since the first episode
00,10love how changlings made all the dupe ponys in crouds make sence
Sumica: Ikr :D
^
dammit MadSurge. beat me by half a second
00,10including the dupe dash in the running of the leeves ep
Now we just need to explain all the unicorn fillies in cloudsdale in the rainboom episode
Sumica: ya know what'd be funny? if in s3 there are no dupe ponies anymore
Sumica, changlings *snort snort*
00,10some pony stole twi's ballon and wrecked it
^^^^
indeed
Sumica: looks like cherry berry
IT'S BATPONY
or is that lily
IM THE GODDAMN BATPONY
00,10nope not lily
Darkwing Duck is a pony?
had it right the first time :P
00,10dashes mane was realy long earlyer
Fl00t4hSh41: seems so
00,10this song, I like it
sounds MGS style
00,10yeah it dose
sure feels uncharted in here
oni_link, it does
was thinking the same thing
mgs?
or mgs
wonder if that was the intent
aj
Dark_Horst: Metal Gear Solid
i wonder too Phase
oh that
So, the coolest thing happened this weekend.
yeha, kind of
00,102x4 tech
00,10it's the kids next door
lol
discords theme>
YOU ASSHOLE BROKE IT
My Wonderbolts hoodie finally came in the mail.
00,10so much batman theme
indeed
pinkie
Pinkies4thWall: Hooray!
