Bronysith: sometimes, shit happens, and people freak
Snowden, the guns aren't free. They cost money.
Snowden: yea, but they blame the guns, which is stupid, "guns and video games are the cause of death" never the person behind the gun T~T
I want F1 2012 now...racing games are the only games I don't suck at online... I hate how steam rapes my wallet too.
Snowden: free gun with every book purchase
Kandarihu: expression, not litterally. some states are really lose with gun laws
Hi, all!
Hi Randomnerd
Hello Randomnerd
:)
Randomnerd: Heyo, welcome to gun conversation
guns dont kil people, bullets do
Oy.
what game is this
Snowden, and the state that the school shooting happened in has pretty strict gunlaws.
Bronysith: its easier to blame the game for corrupting rather than excepth that a helthy human man thought it was a good idea to do what he did,
But bullets need guns to kill people, RoboGerbil.
Guns don't kill people, people kill people, but guns help.
What amuses me is that people rush to defend the second amendment but are trying to destroy the first amendment to do so. Funny how those amendment thingies only matter when it's defending the thing YOU care about.
Rainbow_Dashie, Just Cause 2
Kandarihu: didn't he get his guns in NJ though ?
Guns don't kill people, people kill people, but guns help.
thanks looks good
Ironically, Connecticut is also the state where Colt is based.
Socks: Yes.
As eddie izzard wisely said
Socks: guns don't kill people, people kill people, but disarmed people kill statistically less people
CriticKitten: Penny arcade covered that this week
Uakh: XD
which is odd because normally thats closer to XKCD territory
Null: Yeah I know
Socks, so do knives and baseball bats and cars and damaged electrical equipment... etc.
Snowden: i dont care, im still buying a gun
Eddie Izzard is like a real life XKCD exept more so
Bronysith: Go for it, just stay sane and all
It still amuses me all the same. Just you watch, this upcoming policy bill will include restrictions on video games and other "violent media".
I find Eddie Izzard vastly more entertaining than xkcd.
It's already on the table, so you know it's coming.
Keep your guns, just make them hard to get n' stuff. Like a car.
CriticKitten: Yeah. It's everyone's fault but Wayne LaPierre's.
I love them both
Sigh.
And everyone will be too fixated on the gun control bits that they'll be able to slide the rest in.
Socks: a friend of mine said that its easier to controll the ammo, because you can always get guns illegally
Politicians are all the same, even the unelected ones.
Snowden: i have the right to defend myself if some ass hole decides to try and rob my house
Socks, in a pinch, that's the same as not allowing them to have guns in the first place.
Just watch. Shy of another internet uprising, it will fricking happen.
Or you could put your guns in a gun cabinate, like we do in the UK.
:)
On another but closely related topic, I must say I am watching the country heading toward the fiscal cliff full steam with a morbid curiosity.
Meh, i'm not going to get into the gun discussion. I have my views you have yours. but I am right becasue I am british :P
Dat fall. O.o
The 2nd Amendment guarantees the right to keep AND BEAR arms. "Bear Arms" doesn't mean keeping the gun in the trunk of your car but "Sorry, your ammo is in another castle."
I don
I secretely hope negociations will fail and the whole thing blows up
I don't think human bodies work that way. XD
for the lulz
Bronysith: what have we done >_> the chats goin crazy
Uakh: It's just more silliness, nothing will come of it.
What is going on to this chat?
/me stabs Gun conversation
Meh.
Randomnerd: pres of federal reserve played cockblock by managing to give 2 more months until the us have to default.
There it's ded, now ponies!
So, can we talk about ponies now?
Oh crap it's the parachute game, I don't remember the name of
mitamaking: this is what happens sometimes during the week days, someone brings up a contreversial conversation and we run it till we get bored or embaressed
Parachute ponies. Yes.
Ponies have no fingers so they can have no guns
Up to which ep can we discuss, more importantly.
Socks: except unicorns
I like that point.
There fore it is more peaceful
We really should be vigilant about this. Censorship legislation CAN happen, and it HAS happened in the past. Movies and Television have been suppressed under the Hayes Code for decades. We can't rule out the possibility of something equally as backwards happening to video games now.
Damn, the unicorns alwasy mess things up ¬_¬
Unicorns are OP.
^
They just use their horns for... de magiks.
Oh, it's gonna happen, Kandarihu.
They can fly!
Unicorns do not seem OP, Twillight is
/me likes existing in a reletively culturally free country
Kandarihu: all it'll do isdriving editors to move to Québec...oh wait they already are.
They've already admitted that a censorship ban is on the table at the discussions for this policy bill in Januaru.
twilight doesnt fly, silly
*January
she self levitates and fucks with gravity
But she can fly.
but she doesnt fly
Stupid car
Is Superbrony64 here
She doesn't "fly"
Buuut
She Can.
she CAN fly
she just prefers not to
Press space
if this results in CoD being pulled off shelves...I'm somewhat ok with that.
CriticKitten, in that case, it's war.
She can teleport, why would she want to fly?
So it's not a matter of if, it's a matter of whether or not people can publicize it widely enough like they did with SOPA.
SHE CAN FLY! But she doesn't want to, so she doesn't usually fly!
The thing is NRA did not attack any games with realistic guns in it
So CoD is safe
mitamaking: they just shoehorned in that violent videogames are bad
>realistic guns
>CoD
wait, CoD is realistic ?
'cuz it'll definitely be in the bill, and most people will be too focused on the gun control portions of the bill to even notice that violent media will be censored.
So...What is the controverstial topic at hand?
dat moment when all the internet fails except MIRC
so guys
http://boards.4chan.org/mlp/res/6888010
*abort thread*
what would yours be?
i'm sorry, but the only game that will give you even remotely realistic guns is arma 2
and thatÄs boring as shit
They talked about a game no one had ever heard of, "Kindergarten Killer" because I judge all books on the stuff I read on fanfiction.net
Arma fails at being realistic due to a cheap physics engine and lackluster programming
becasue it's a simulato
it's also a buggy mess
It's better with zombies
CriticKitten, I'm not sure that people won't notice media censorship in the bill. The people who don't care about the 2nd Amendment will DEFINITELY care about media censorship.
Wayne LaPierre is like any other shmuck politician. He refuses to admit any culpability in what happened, and blamed a convenient scapegoat. His solution involves increasing the power of his organization.
at least fallout and persona and final fantasy and chrono trigger are safe
it is, I would hardly call it a simulator due to how th game is- but it can be fun with friends
oh yeah, I'm sure UT3 is what the next generation of cold blooded killers trains on... Just wait till mass murderers walljump their way through the cops and t-bag them...
arma is the most realistic combat simulation you will get
they developed it for the military
Socks: thats a great present
I walk through walls and fall through the earth
arma is hardly realistic
IKR :P
Kandarihu: Ah, but they won't notice it. And the reason is because people are currently too busy BLAMING violent media to realize that it's under attack.
so, How 'Bout them Indie Games?
Vivix: you telling me battlefield is mroe realisitc?
no
see?
I do wonder why the NRA is in the pocket of the gun manufactors isn't a bigger thing considering he wants more guns
I'm saying netiher are
They won't even realize what is being proposed until it's much too late.
it's the most realisitc
not perfect
Oh ye gods *facepalms* how long has this been going on!
the closest games get
Oi, I've played UT III and haven't gone on a killing spree once.
Randomnerd, while I agree that what LaPierre is abhorrent and cowardly, his organization has a noble cause. I hope he gets replaced at the first opportunity.
Neither are very realistic, and arma is probably not the most realistic due to how many faults it has
se my poitn here
?
I
shooters are not realistic, THE ONLY WAY A SHOOTER CAN BE REALISTIC, is if they make it so that whenever you die the game explodes and you can never play it again, cause there are no respawns in real life
I see what you mean but I don't agree
no pony is here
I'm going to take a vote on What is even going on here?
/me respawns >_>
The NRA does not have a noble cause, keeping the 2nd amendment true is noble, the NRA is way past that
the animations in arma give me seizure...
operation flashpoint was great- but then every sequel was buggier than thel ast-
anyone else play To The Moon :(
the last*
Is the A.I. in this game stupid?
And mita: What are you talking about? The NRA decried ALL forms of violent video games recently in public statements
hi everypony :)
I got operation flashpoint, I didn't think it was that great :/
o hai cachi01
Hey cachi01
Heyo cachi01
Ohai cachi01
Quote: "And here's another dirty little truth that the media try their best to conceal: There exists in this country a callous, corrupt and corrupting shadow industry that sells, and sows, violence against its own people," the organization claims. "Through vicious, violent video games with names like Bulletstorm, Grand Theft Auto, Mortal Kombat and Splatterhouse."
Save us from this discussion!
That barn-building song was extremely repetitive. Almost like it was geared towards the show's actual target audience..
dat parachute landing
CriticKitten, keep in mind that guns are the PRIMARY scapegoat for this shooting. Video games are basically sharing the secondary title with the fact that we haven't forcibly committed mentally imperfect human being in an institution for the rest of their lives.
I played it as a kid, and I liked it, but- yeah
LaPierre himself asks "Isn't fantasizing about killing people as a way to get your kicks really the filthiest form of pornography?"
Well we do need to fix mental institutions
Kandarihu: that's one dangerous train of thought
http://sphotos-a.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/6339_506365482716968_269337674_n.jpg
To which I say "no, and you're a buggering idiot for thinking that", but unfortunately that's the minority opinion right now.
Uakh, there's been that sort of talk... okay, I guess I'm exaggerating on that. Sorry.
oh nevermind, I thought you were advocading committing "mentally imperfect human being in an institution for the rest of their lives."
cachi01: lulz
cachi01: ... I don't get it
CriticKitten: guy needs to see a shrink if you ask me
cachi01: they are conversing about Vidja games and shootings and media
BTW, I'm a mentally imperfect person, AND I play violent video games.
so wait a moment
Kandarihu: That depends on who you ask, though.
Snowden: oh
It's the same conversation as 10 years ago
they are video games
so nothing interesting
they dont do any harm
video games can cause violent tendencies in certain mentalities
I don't think giving more money to mental health institutes is a bad thing
Kandarihu: according to psychological evaluation, I'm structuraly violent. :D
Kandarihu: Gun control is on the table, but virtually everyone who ISN'T looking at gun control is looking at regulation of violent media instead.
Rule 1 - if you are convinced beyond shadow of a doubt that you are completely and utterly right, you are most likely wrong.
and have been known to be cited as motivation by killers
I blame video games >_>
:D
hi
hey
So it's a STRONG second place.
/me likes Uakh
Uakh: Do you have any interest working with Fox News?
>someone killed someone
Too much, in fact.
A lot O.O
>blame mario
I blame Nintendo, those brothal running basterds
Snowden: hey, why the hay not ?
the Newton, Ct shooting literally could not have been stopped by anything, my main thing is stopping the one that can be, the domestic arguments, the assault weapon ones, etc..
We need to start calling our congresspeople. And we need to be more habitual about it.
how goes?
as long as I'm paid well enough I can advocade anything tbh
Oh, and for bonus points.... >NRA decries violent video games; >NRA created an FPS
actually, in the original Super Mario game, all the brick and ? blocks where cursed toads...
so...
yeah...
Just rub that hypocrisy in a little deeper
I could probably work for the MPAA / RIAA / NRA / FOX if they paid me
pretty good, you?
/me would work for Fox for the lolz
Snowden: And mario hasn't done anything to fix them
maybe i should make sure my harddrive is filled with teletubbies, hello kitty and city building simulators
then i'll go on a rampgae
Socks: that's funny because there's an internal war raging on at fox news between the pro and anti gun regulation
Dark_Horst: what about barbie
You know, I hear that Bill O'Reilly is standing in defense of video games.
let's see who they're gonna scapegoat then
XD
That would be interesting, considering he's been vocally against them in the past....
look at all dem stormtroopers
Socks: what kind of accent ?
Vivix: thats okay
A british one :P
Vivix: ill come to you : D
yees
naïce
:D
I have a fancy accent. Or so I'm told.
Uakh: Where u from? What is your accent? :P
doing ok thanks
fancy
Uakh: like, Eskimo Fancy?
*jiggles eyebrows*
my accent usually sounds like someone beat my face in recently
fancy aint country i've heard of
do they speak english in fancy?
Nonsense, Kandarihu. It was those damn comic books.
cachi01: what?
And the rock music.
cachi01, ENGLISH [censored] DO YOU SPEAK IT!
And the televisions
the one on the right : http://img135.imageshack.us/img135/3923/applebloomcmsr.jpg
Old peaople, LOVE dubstep, its a proven fact
So we may as well censor everything just to be safe
:D
CriticKitten, I was thinking the kind of books that have ONLY words in it.
cachi01, ygotas quote? i think he might have got it from somewhere else
I know, I'm taking the piss from the common anti-VG argument. :P
Socks: I'm standing on the other side of the channel >_>
Video games aren't the cause, just the newest scapegoat of the bunch
Phase4, that's a reference to Pulp Fiction, I think.
Phase4: pulp ifction
Uakh: So.... Hows the weather?
ah
fiction
lel
i've not seen that movie
pulp fiction violated surf music-
/me wants to see pulp fiction
It's ok around here too
tfw you live in Bordeaux and can't stand alcohol
Well... it's 2:30, this has kept me very entertained and I've made a new friend with Uakh. Bye now :)
so this game is like CoD or what?
cachi01: no. this game is fun
lol
also modded
yeah i wanna get it for pc
i had the console version but I WANT MODS
Phase4: new sweetsong post !asdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdf
Well, by New Year's, I mean.
bacon: 100m
DRUGS!
YAY
DRUGS IN THE BUSHES!
/me takes Dark_Horst to bed
no you dont
drugs are bad mkay ? (unless your local dealer is a good guy and doesn't cut his crap to oblivion with chemical waste)
pew pew pew boom
Drugs are bad mkay ? (unless you have a prescription from a liscenced doctor)
(for the drug you're taking of course)
does anyone know?
see, toher games would've given you an ammo supply or a heating bar for this gatling
about cynder and the beam
this game just wants you to have fucking fun with it
best domain name ever : http://www.lesbianspacepirates.com/
whaaaaaaaat
i dont want to click on that
Neither do I
it's actually legit sfw
beam?
And Uakh, there's a stream going on.
you dirty liars
yeah when cynder was corrupted
nu-uh
how'd that process go about?
well, this is an image link
only non image links are prohibited
they probably never decided
it was probably just a thing that happened
actually is a site link with images in it
i mean i wonder if they used the beam each time
like with dark spyro
:<
didn't mean to offend, sowwy
/me checks out the stream
Heavy weapons guy.
thats why i wish they'd do legend of cynder
i wanna see her backstory
heavy would WISH he was that awesome
No thank you for that
why?
/me does not like Cynder
oh
shes not bad
She is a Mary Sue
shes better than ember
i never liked her
Ember wasn't a main character though
still
she's not supposed to be likeable
and is meant to be annoying
Ember is my least fav female character
oh yeah Ember sort of like disappeared from the spyro series
and what about Cynder is bad
its a shame
dat lesbian webpage crashed mah google chrome
There just isnt enough females in the game
because her appearance was meant to be a joke
who cynder?
No, ember
But you can play as Ember in the spyro game
if you get all the eggs
oh u can?
yep
what about flame?
flame?
She still has Spyro's voice though
XD
And yeah, you can be Flame too
flame
Hey
hes the red dragon
Ew Meth
You should play Spyro a heros tail
eww
chang your name please
i own it
but im selling it
*change
/me slaps chat
yeah Meth
wake up
:/
the game gave me trouble
Lol uh
maybe I should tell him about /nick
:P
Man, I remember when I was still using the default embedded client, and anything it detects as a link that DOESN'T start with a valid transfer protocol crashed my flash.
NO
this is better :)
only thing i dislike about Cynder was her boss form
it took me forever
to beat her
yeah it was tough
i died soooooo much
steam was easier
never had abny problems like that
And that typing out MLP: FiM without the spaces created such a killer link.
Evil Cynder is best Cynder
and i suck at dodging
the little Cynder was just boring
elemental dragon was easier
than cynder
but big Cynder was actually kind of cool
MLP:FIM?
everytime i hear Big Cynder talk i think susie
from rugrats
cachi01, hmm. Looks like HexChat knows better.
if you are using the embed chat anything after a ":" becomes a link
or numbah 5 from kodename kids next door
and since ":" is not valid it crashes
lawl that link killed lightIRC
I never liked either of those shows lol
how did cynder get the holes in her wings?
were they all the same voice actress?
yep
lel didnt killed it for me
cree summer
usually the : links just send me to an emty tab
^
shes also on danny phantom
Never seen that show
as valarie grey
but this time it killed my lightirc
hm
the girl that voices cynder in eternal night
Oh cool, a stream!
voices rose
Who'
And yet HexChat knows better
Dammit
i like this micheal bay eject
I use to watch that show
Me too
Yay, Shizustream! :)
meh
that show was pretty good
...that truck just despawned.
I still have the episodes
agreed
saved somewhere..
i love that show
My parents blocked CN though haha
i love fu dog
hes so funny
Or was it Disney
I don't remember
CN sucks nowadays
boom
yep. exeggerated
10/10 would crash again
it was Disney
Disney sucks too as well :P
Give me some swat kats
i got a haircut
And now I don't get any TV channels
its all youtube now :)
The only reason this game exists is to give Michael Bay an orgasm.
Yeah
and Netflix
lol
the only show I'm watching now is MLP anyway
same
love mlp
Oh, you do too?
-_-
yep
oh no
join the club.
Yay, I thought me and SR were the only ones
im a brony
:P
and Dari
and that's how you kidnap a plane
:D throw out the pilot - Lovely!
i love RD
omg
who is that?
...
thats SR
hes cute
There are three types of main streams: Shizustream, Sumitime and The Wrek Sessions.
flash y u die on me
and this is...?
lol
sparta
Just Cause 2
or patrick
Not too sure what to say about that..
i forgo
t
Im very cute.
Played by Sumica
You must have that link bookmarked
I do
why?
SR ur cute
haha, actually its on dropbox
I mean Shizu
Dammit.
so I just right click and get the link whenever i want to show people how cute I am
with my little hat.
Perfect 4 point landing! I was expecting a plane crash
Forgive me, Shizuka.
Much Better! ^_^
:)
xD
WHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
SR u should come to bronynet.com
CHAOS
im on it
BEAUTIFUL CHAOS
SWISS ROLL
The difference between Just Cause and Grand Theft Auto is hookshots and parachutes.
:D
and lots of shit to destroy and have fun wit
h
kaBOOOOM
long rope is long
http://ts4.explicit.bing.net/th?id=H.4646687309760183&pid=15.1
dump another one
^_^ instant spawning planes
O.o
must have
ill burn that shirt
:O
If you burn it, it multiplies.
:D
Things to do in (forgot what this game is called) # 32 - Build bridge out of planes :)
:O
So, what's Shizu going to crash this plane into? Oh.
just cause 2
i have a RD shirt that says 20% cooler
or something like that
So, what are your furry names? http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/389/287/3fd.png
i also have a MLP belt
Mine is...
RD?
I don't think so
https://dl.dropbox.com/u/2827825/valley_f550.jpg
Rainbow Dash
Blue Shark Explosive Fart.
The Airport - aww, missed its target
oh
snow
11,02My furry name is Matthew.
SR u should join bronynet.com
its fun
11,02My friend's furry name is Hairy Potter
Raveshark Bravefur. Dafuq?
oh yeah, I remember that pic
Don't you mean Razor Penguin?
Ive got a rainbow dash I made sitting on my desk.
https://dl.dropbox.com/u/2827825/IMG_0500.JPG
omg
twilight
No, I don't.
I was talking to SB64
feraldog powernail. that made me smirk more than it should have
Ice Shark Smelly Hoof :D
I stuck twilight on the top of my monitor, and rd at the base. https://dl.dropbox.com/u/2827825/IMG_0099.JPG
Nobody can beat me.
i'm a vase
:D
/me noms on the Dark_Horst vase
Moon Tiger Lucky Fang
CHAOS
ugh i think i got a sore throat
Is that boost ability SUPPOSED to work that way?
what about the big Rainbow Dash I sent you?
/me wonders if anyone's last name in here ends on x
Thats in my closet up stairs.
I dont wanna take it out of the box
lol
You need to get me another one
so I can put it on my desk.
haha
there's no hot topics around here though
d
hi
and see how far I can fly it
oh, cool
wouldnt that be sweet?
Twilight Sparkle would be Black Fennec Killer Nose.
yeah
If I was really daring I could let people take control of it over the internet
killer nose
brb, mom wants to talk to me
that would be fun o.o
Rainbow Dash would be Red Penguin Sillypaws
agreed
But if someone crashes it ill kill you.
or if someone flew it into someone else...
WOW, those civillians suck at reacting.
you could easily kill someone with it.
This looks like a game I could get into. :)
trust me
its fun for a good 30 hours
its insane
and thats why we love it
yep
oh this game hahahaha. I love it
If Michael Bay ever gets the rights to adapt any games into film, they should only be Just Cause and Duke Nukem.
well we reached the point where the AI is broken
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Seeds of Kindness 2 - Piles of Updates
Just Nukem 3?
ESPECIALLY Duke Nukem.
Shizuka: broken ?
Duke Cause?
after an hour or so the traffic stops spawning
makes for a very dead world
Explosions, aliens, sex and swearing? Duke's got Michael Bay written all over it.
double check hikari is running..
Kandarihu: CoD then perhaps ?
um... wtf why is ftb trying to load voxel box now...
multiMC it is
Shizuka, is "Shizuka Kamishima" your real name or just an intenet alias?
it is my name
Huh. Okay, I've been wondering that for a while.
moment while multiMC imports the instance
Thanks for putting that question to rest.
music is coming through ja?
Yep.
Im designing a lighter tricopter for flying first person
Music is coming through in all its ambient glory.
poor cynder
fun flying with a small camera and live video
getting beat by spyro
hopefully multimc doesn't break anything...
Shizucraft time!
Yep, I do.
That moment when you're the only one talking in chat. :I
If someone crashes it you'll kill me?
Oh look, random hole in the ground
what if it's not me who crashes it?
IT'S THE FLYING SHIZU
11,02shizumobile o3o
11,02Where can I get a shizumobile?
At the Shizustore.
On Shizu Blvd
I'm back
Where is everypony?
Hi, KrazyNoobs.
/me suplexes KrazyNoobs into chocolate
Don't tell me we are at another standstill again.
I think everybody is just enjoying some Shizucraft.
/me turns into chocolate in an attempt to get out of suplex
/me merges into the chocolate
/me has parts of him lost all through out the initial chocolate
/me eats the chocolate. *nom*
You shouldn't have become chocolate around a chocolate freak.
:#]
:#
:3
DAMMIT!
Your leg tastes good. :3
Can I have more?
I prefer my arms. They have more of a sweet and salty taste
Ew.
http://i.imgur.com/pHLrh.png -- i hadnt installed the games from the last humble bundle or this one... and i always pay over the average
whoever crashes it will be killed
because they are not cheap
brb
and basically impossible to find if you crash it in the forest around here
I wonder how my own mouth taste
08,01chocolate freaks report in
08,01actually
08,01lemme rephrase that
08,01chocolate *snobs* report in
/me 08,01raises a hand
/me is currently merged into chocolate
/me raises 4 hands
Well, three hands and a foot
Bronysith suplexed me into Chocolate, and I turned into chocolate to escape, but it was too late. Now I am lost in a chocolate pile. Help
Eat the chocolate
11,02O3O
/me hugs Bronysith back ^-^
die pig
wait
did somepony say...chocolate ?
CHOCOLATE
who's building what?
CHOCOLATE!?
CHOOOOCOLAAAAATE!!!
CHOOOOOOOOCOLAAAATE!!!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U7y6kXwMo_M
/me licks chocolate off of KrazyNoobs chest
CriticKitten: But did you get her chocolate carrying bags?
I miss the old spongebob.
Was dark chocolate.
And dark chocolate truffles. :3
Light chocolate is best chocolate
11,02Uakh: No YouTube links during stream please.
Oooh, whatcha buildin', Shizu?
appears to be a castle
out of wool? must be a bouncy-castle
A dry-clean only castle
highly flammable
CHOOOOOOCOLAAAAAAAATE!!!
It looks like a train from the air
house
0,5I am getting complaints
/me noms on Bacon's Mane
complaints about what?
bout what?
0,5Behavior in here
Chocolate spamming?
0,5Although that's nothing new, really.
I didn't get minecraft before...I probably get it even less now to be honest.
Uakh - it's Legos for grownups
^
08,01oh shit
0_o
08,01you've woekn up baconmane
08,01you fools!
08,01what have you done?!
^
/me gives BaconMane a cookie
Ohai BaconMane
MirrorImage: if there's one thing I've gotten to understand in my lego years, it's that what you do is usually only exciting to you...
but lego looked like more fun
Hello mates.
sadly legos are quite expensive :-/
G'night everypony! :)
BaconMane: but /we/ always complain about here
08,01the skin on my thumb is peeling off
you broke the symmetry
Night GilDash
08,01and i don't know why
08,01Uakh: probably not
SuperBrony64
I like Petrified_Discord's explanation
0,5Yeah, there are always complaints about mane chat, but its usually the same people again and again.
winter skin is growing
08,01DaringDerpy: this seems like the most reasonable explanation
same people complaining or same people being complained about?
Because _______
I can't do it :D
at night
chat is dead?
neigh
it is never dead
/me earns 1000 EX----oh dammit
/me loses 1000 EXP
pff it's only like 4:30 over here
how can chat be ded at such an early hour?
half the country got hit by a blizzard, the other half has school in the morning?
MirrorImage: am or pm?
pm
MirrorImage: which half?
MirrorImage: am here...
east coast
0427 berlin
In australia, is 1:28pm
DaringDerpy: yep. that's my time
42C outside
/me sees String_Shredder, loads his repulsive ray to the tune of ''Iron Man'' by Black Sabbath.
well, north east mostly
yesterday
/me I AM IRON MAN
bout a foot of snow fell in about 4 hours
Dark92Enigma: and he was "Kabloo! Ka Plow la wow!" :D
*was like
maybe it's just because i know how to drive in the snow, but it's always amusing to watch people try to drive in it who have 0 confidence doing it
i should probably go to bed, since it's like fucking 4:30 in the morning
Sketch_Toku_Brony: like Bill Cosby?
Sketch_Toku_Brony: oh wait
Sketch_Toku_Brony: you're quoting Richard Pryor :D
Dark92Enigma: nah it was this parody of Iron Man i saw once lol
oh
/me blasts String_Shredder with his repulsive ray, *THAT'S FOR YESTERDAY, SQUAREPANTS!*
okay..
pretty funny,its all animated and it sums up the movie in a couple minutes while being rediculous
0,5Stahp
first floor walls done
What did I do yesterday?
Shizuka streaming?
:D
ok :(
What did I do?
It was obviously a tabfail String.
0,5Black Ops 2 is the WORST for spawnkillers.
Shut up Jmo.
You wanna go mate?
Just kidding, love u bbygurlxoxolotsoluv.
<33
0,5Bitch
0,5Jmo is mine
I love this site
:D
Come at me, MaconBane
Pretty sure I could always whip up some logs saying otherwise, BaconMane.
:P
>__>
DashWithRainbows: o u
Oooh, Shizu is a craftin :3
/me slaps SuperBrony64 around a bit with a large trout
Hai Shizu <3
y u afk when i need you SuperBrony64
jeez
Sumi's not around is he?
so if ya make a house like Shizu is,can ya use it in Resource mode or is it only usable in the *darn whats it called? :P* Free mode?
creative mode
i'm tempted to start singing an appropriate rendition of "Raise This Barn" for what shizu's crafting...
ah i see thanks :)
This just makes me want to build Constantinople from Assassin's Creed....
MirrorImage: lol now i imagine MineCraft Apple Acres :D 0_0 WANT lol
i'm sure it's been done Sketch_Toku_Brony
yeah probably
Something weird just happened I just tried watching MLP on Netflix on the 3DS but it says it's unavailable, but it is on the laptop
Strange
Mankeycraft
dats cheaten
JE_Smith71: huh maybe theyre too daww for the 3ds to handle?
shizu - tekkit or vanilla?
Bye Bronystate
but FTB has Equivalent Exchange 2, yes?
Goodnight KrazyNoobs
/me dat too many items...
what in the
that's some fancy ass stuff right there
ikr
indeed
could also use a philosopher's stone
That's strange now its back on there again
the philosopher's stone only does limited conversions
It's pretty good if you have it on full charge.
So much hax
I love it
It'd take forever if you have it on setting 1 instead of setting 5
yes, but only if what you want it to do is one of the limited transmutations it does
*setting 5
...
*setting FOUR.
...
08,01http://googlypony.tumblr.com/post/39006487483/my-approving-glance-is-what-they-all-se-oh-god
Spruce wood pranks
I guess you could say he's... sprucing the lace up!
place*
:P
Have to stop watching D:
If I keep watching, i'll all asleep
waay too smooth music
>.<
SLIDIN' OUT OF THIS CHAIR
we need some of Wrek's Klingon Rock in here
Sorry I kinda left there for a little while.
SO SMOOTH
Look, look with your special eyes....
I went to take a hot bath. I'm so relaxed now~.
MY BRAND!
AYN RAND!
Francis hates Ayn Rand
Thinking on whether or not to play more Duke Nukem 3D...
and stairs, and hospitals, and tanks, and doctors, and lawyers, and cops...
so who's getting bioshock infinite?
and now for interesting headlines: "LAPD Gun Buyback Nets 1,962 Guns (Oh, and TWO ROCKET LAUNCHERS)"
huh
Rocket launchers??
Sweet...
Want
Where are the WUBS?
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/12/27/2-rocket-launchers-turned_n_2373069.html
lol its Racoon City all over again...
If one wants to know my policy on guns, one should refer to "Meet the Engineer"
careful stallion
noone wants a flame war
ooo i like this song
EXCEP ME MUWHAHAHAHAHA
nah, that would be Meet the Pyro
I wanna play more Duke 3D, but if I do, I have to fight the Battlelord. :/
Because the solution to preventing a criminal from hurting you is obviously to disarm yourself and leave yourself defenseless :|...
^
Me no likey Battlelord.
Stallion_of_War: ...
Stallion_of_War: i'm not even gonna start arguing with you
please, don't
MirrorImage: don't worry
that wasn't supposed to be a political conversation starter
I wanna play more dark souls, but if I do, I have toget out of ariamis :/
oi, the heck are you building?
Stallion_of_War: just wanna let you know that those things you just said are opinions.
ARIAMIS, Y U SO HARD?
lets argue about how fucking stupid the goverment
is*
no
THIS IS SO SMOOTH.
which government?
JRP2234: always great
Did i just hear...
But I wanna play Duke.
POLITICS?
Later.
Naaaaaah
bronystate is very multinational
adasdad: oh the painted world right? yeah those toxic undead are evil >~<
bronystate is better than that
right?
MirrorImage: what about them?
>_<
Sketch_Toku_Brony: and i'm underleveled, only wen there on impulse
JRP2234: the fuck is government. does it taste good?
adasdad: ah i see,what system?
penguin: gets the ide
Shizuka - insulation?'
*idea
penguin: like stale raisins
Sketch_Toku_Brony: pc :3
Shizuka: How many poor sheep did you shear for those
Lol, THAT MUSIC
adasdad: ah :( i got ps3,what class are ya?
Eli: i don't even like raisins. thats horrible
penguin: same
Sketch_Toku_Brony: mage, with a magic claymore and light armor
Eli: Indeed, I just fail to see the wisdom in the only people being armed to be criminals; a psychopath with a knife is far morre dangerous to public safety than a law abiding citizen with 40 AK-47's; and personally I resent being called a criminal because of the acts of a few insane people,. The acts of a few don't justify condeming all - IE WWII Japanese interment camps.
penguin: it's like: if you really have to, you can eat it, but you prefer to stay away from it
WOAH
Cool house
/me dat wall o text...
WOAAAAAAH
all the eyes
Stallion_of_War - tl;dr
#rant
Stallion_of_War: no chan advertising
Stallion_of_War: didn't you read "not gonna argue"?
RABBLE RABBLE RABBLE
ohh... oops channel
Stallion_of_War: scroll up
Eli: i also hate it when people feed me raisin cookies instead of chocolate chip
adasdad: huh any build in paticular? Moonlight GS,ect.?
Eli: its just not the same
/me dat autofill
penguin: uhhh... yeah, i accidentally bought a pack of them lately... i wanted chocolate chips
but noooo
so your using mods
I hand build it
Sketch_Toku_Brony: I decided to try out http://darksoulswiki.wikispaces.com/Flammeus+Anima+Blade
with a few modifications
Wtf flash and chrome keep crashing
I build by hand
i built this by hand four times already
I build by foot
I have to watch stream ob the wii u gamepad
cachi01|phone - what OS?
i can speed things along if i want
Eli: why do raisins exist? what are they anyway?
I'll be excited when they update... wait is this Technic???? Did it get updated???
Windows 7 ultimate
this is Feed the Beast
penguin: dried grapes
200 mb left of memory
Hello everypony!~ :)
do you get some kind of message about Data Execution Prevention shortly after the crash?
Direwolf20 Pack minus PortalGun plus LogisticsPipes
Yes
cachi01|phone your too lazy to add me on wii u
do a google search for "Windows 7 turn off DEP"
Whats ur Id?
follow those steps and it should fix it
Windows 1337 Premium Pro Ultimate Enterprise
my uncle was experiencing the same thing a few days ago
0,5You know what's a queer name?
0,5Shaggy
Rhaggy?
0,5It just.... strikes me as queer.
MirrorImage i'll try. Caude chrome crashes very fast
JRP whats ur.ID?
hmmm
BaconMane: ...why ? Not sure I want to know but still asking.
TAKEW A WILD GUESS
And I can personally think of about 6 practical, legitimatly plausible reasons why I personally could need a semi automatic weapon,
shaggy?
When you say queer?....................
:3
adasdad: huh thats neat
Stallion_of_War... stahp
JRP dancingqueen321?
Stallion_of_War: can you shut up already?
suddenly, nostalgia
BaconMane: stahp startin
cachi01|phone JRP2234
Ohh you can thank my Ex for my ranty-ness. I got tired of putting up with nonsence :)
Lel
0,5O im startin
Stallion_of_War: srly, no one wants to talk about this shit
BaconMane: you crafty son of a bitch
the fricken LEL
Stallion_of_War: nor hear about it
Stallion_of_War: I was offered a free handgun and declined, it's all about personnal choice...you made your, we made our. Can we leave it there please ?
thx Uakh
Why are they putting Minecraft on a MLP site?
Uakh - stop acknowledging the conversation and it goes away on its own
loading times on the wii u blops 2 are 1223123 times slower than xbox eg. loading muiltiplayer = 3-4 seconds .wii u around 10 - 20 seconds
heh everypony
some loser just added me
no seriously the fuck are you building
:P
Not completly, not without going into a debate about the issue of morality and choice, but for the sake of keeping the peace, /endrant
I don't I'm just asking, Bro
i'm just messing with ya
Yeah, Bro
hey guys! the fuck is this guy building?
BaconMane: can you mute Stallion_of_War ? he gets on everyone's nerves
omg
penguin - "Something"
/me waits forit...
the god dam loading times]
ARE
TO
LONG
and then the music cuts...
JRP2234: you forgot "DAMN"
MOOD KILL
Oi, I said i was done...
my wii u froze
also black ops 2 is very buggy
K JRP i already added u :)
that's what happens when the file is from ages ago when mp3 was new
and also 0on the xbox version
mm, thats some good music. lol
ive gotten a runtime error a entiti error ect
The only bug I see is that you bought Black Ops 2.
Buytoast - sounds like a Fatal Error
Nah
He was dead inside already if he paid for it
The Weird Al version of this song is greta.
Who's the guy or girl in the stream? Whys he hate me?
*great
i got hot chocolate, its snowing like a mother****** out side and then this music comes on and i like it
Wtf internet provider y u suddenly slow?
I believe Shizu's streaming
cachi01|phone - Comcast/
?
Mexican comcast
Telmex
Why does Shizu hate me then?
i could think of a few reasons someone would hate you
if that analogy is accurate, it explains everything
I'm a terrible person : the more I play Psychonauts the less I like it ;~; The art is fine, I just find the gameplay frustrating (messy combat, bugs everywhere, rushed platforming dev...)
you're right
you are a terrible person
Then what are a few resons Buytoast?
you're annoying
you're a nuisance
I FIGURED IT OUT! SHE'S BUILDING A THING!
How?
I even ran into a bug I could reproduce by accident
you're a pest
lemme think of a few more words
cachi01|phone get out of miiverse
hey, why is shit so complicated
because Biology?
How are those true BUYTOAST!!!!!!!!
JRP But ita fuuun D:
Heated: i doubt she would hate anypony unless you've done something bad, which i also doubt.
I dont think Psychonauts is that great, I mean it is still under rated but, not great
pretty much streamer
i never said those are true
Buytoast: should I kill myself then ? If so, how ?
i said those are reasons i could think of
cachi01|phone You got blobs 2 to?
:D lol blanet
more tunes pls
hold on a second
i have an image saved soemwhere around ehre
JRP eenope
Just nintendo land, scribblenauts and zombiU
It's actually an ancient Mayan blanket inbued with the power to end time itself. That's why it's hidden.
Person in the stream let us see your Minecraft skin.
Shizu: I thought that lyric was "honestly .... I'm never gonna find your vegas"
there we are
http://i.imgur.com/7apzq.png
be thankful your psychonauts doesn't look like this
i figured it out. its a manor
Cypresswolf: New Vegas or Las Pegasis?
New Pegasis
STREAMER let us see your skin please
I think it's a construct made out of wood, wool and stone, but maybe that's just me.
then again, if it looks like that it does look pretty bitching
And glass
I think that to
Now it just needs a garage that's rebuilt slightly more times than the barn at Sweet Apple Acres and a giant robot car.
Tell the streamer Heated wants to see his Minecraft skin
hey is it possible that pip squeak is vinyl and octavia's child and/or little brother? this is a must know. come on people its for science
Heated: i for one, say leave her the way she is. Like Dr. Claw. i don't need to see her face
EXCEPT
in drawings
penguin - where do you get that theory from?
or vectors
Streamer can I see your skin press F5
Better hope lightning never strikes that place...
I wonder, is there a mod for stained glass windows for minecraft - that would look good for my Redwall project when I get back to it eventually
how in the hell do you make a canon character out to be the child of a fanon couple
how
Heated she already show the skin
MirrorImage: that just it. its just a theory. there is no evidence to it being true. theres also no evidence to it being not true
Cypresswolf - i know there's mods for Colored Lights
again, really? :$
Whe
When
that is one of the most asshanded fat fetched theories i have ever been exposed to
penguin - absense of disproof is not evidence of proof
lets not go there
what is that red glass?
Stanned Glass
that shitty creepy pasta of the rugrats is more likely than that theory you purged out of your system
is red and it's glass
Probably red lamps
I'm thinking....in the Redwall animated series - and I may need to rewatch it to make sure - there may have been stained glass in the Great Hall setting
MirrorImage: well be that way, im gonna go further into it and probably get some fanart of it
Perhaps, make a window version of the tapestry
Minecraft really does need stained glass
that old type of rock and roll
"and then we realized that concrete would proabaly have been a more stable foundation materiallllllll"
nor is building a city on rolling rocks, Shizuka
My late aunt might disagree. Then again, she passed away over a decade ago.
kind of music that soothes the soul
ITS MINECRAFT IT DOESNT MATTER!
Stream stopped
Is back
hey guys am i early
Nice skin BRO
why are you calling me bro
i am no bro
Skin looks like a cross between 10th and 11th doctors and Shizu
Then what are you?
Heated: ha
lol
SHIZUKA! what are you
she is girl fool
:D
http://i.imgur.com/sFd9b.jpg
holy shit you're like a thick headed parrot
SQUAK, WHAT ARE YOU
Shizuka is a funny name (o offense)
Still looks a bit like David Tennant and Matt Smith combined
Cool skin Mysteryious Being
Stuck between regenerations
Heated: thats so weird. i said the same thing only i called it queer
she took offense to it for some reason
I'm sleeping with the volume on
MAKE A BUILDING OUT OF BOMBS!
I know I said NO OFFENSE
Heated: Shizuka means serenity, peace and calm in japanese (correct me if i'm wrong)
I'm sleeping so don't wake me up
and btw, Hellooooooooooo Nurse! <3
I saw an ad for the most realistic golf game (LOL)
I always thought Shizuka ment Moderator of Bronystate that drives the Shizubus in GTA4
Dark92Enigma: cool, how the fuck do you know that. are you a... japanese
You know what? I don't think I ever heard this song in it's entirety.
Stallion_of_War: that too :D
I'm trying to sleep here
then go
Nice chimney Shizuka
History lesson: The Shizubus' predecessor was the Eziohorse
Trample ALL the pesants!
penguin: no i'm not.....i know a few words though :$
Kandarihu: what was the name of the song?
Yello - Oh Yeah
you would all know it from ferris bueller
fitting
Which was itself preceeded by the Altairhorse
Livestream is live
Dark92Enigma: japanese is the bomb
Bohemian Rhapsody in a foreign language?
little high little low
/me give Shizuka 46 1
Shizuka: thank you for reminding me, and double thank you for this BOHEMIAN RHAPSODY version!
Shizuka, I like the chimney
this is not the song i was thinking
oh god i hate red stone
:D ZEROHEMIAN WINGSODY
Sticky Piston sounds nasty
dispensers and sticky pistons?
Cool
I caught a snipit of a radio questionaire for some concert tickets - the caller was asked to identify the real version of this song - she answered wrong - how does one NOT know Boheimian Rapsody?
WHAT YOU SAAAAAAY
MirrorImage: its gonna have fucking red stone how much you wanna bet
This was a couple weeks ago - right after Thanksgiving
Cypresswolf: REALLY?
Cypresswolf: One has a sheltered childhood?
Cypresswolf: i WON a singing contest with this song, for pony's sake!
Cypresswolf: I don't know bohemian rapsody ;~;
Shizuka why you mad at me?
Heated: i doubt she is
But you know the tune, right Uakh?
no
For great justice!
never heard it before
Is she trolling Me?
you seem to be obessed Heated
Heated: nope.
This song is... O.O
Obessed?
Heated: yes you
:) Uakh, I recommend you watch Wayne's World
dance your heart out shizuka
Nothing really matters.........
Whats Obessed mean
TO Meeeeeeeeee
Cypresswolf: what ?
Heated: OH, God, it seems you are the troll
for great justice
I'll link you the scene, Uakh
STARBURST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Its a contadiction
is it bad that since the beggining of the livestream, I don't know any song or even artist ?
music was never my strong point
Its only bad if you make it bad
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1356655803248.png
/me is hesitant to click that link...
Heated: Obsessed: To have the mind excessively preoccupied with a single emotion or topic
I put it in my mind dictionary thank you :)
CrystalPhoenix: that is a great pic
MirrorImage, because I'm definitely going to post anything against the rules
yeah
totally
CrystalPhoenix: I don't like sweetie belle's mane in this one :-/
Heated: like you, getting obsessed with Shizuka (why YOU think is she mad at you, you wanting to see her skin, etc, etc)
fancy
I'M ON FIYAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
I saw it know I dont care LOL :)
I can't see any dangers of having an open flame right beside a wool and wood structure...
How'dit getburned ?
Aw no more sax time :(
Stallion_of_War: o god 0_o
That's better counting than uno, dose, tres, catorse (pardon my spelling... 1, 2, 3, 14)
Is this dubstep?
http://i.imgur.com/TmhgA.jpg ahhh ma brain is confused
don't worry, it's fireproof wood
Fire Hive is good Wubstep
from Hell itself
Heated: no :D
dubstep is terrible
I agree
It's better if someone's singing.
Nice Music
The only thing the fireplace's missing is a nice portrait of Princess Luna :)
Why
BECAUSE EVERYTHING NEEDS MORE LUNA :[
it looks a little silly but , hey what evea. this is your world not mine
Nice rage face
the yogbox?
Anyways, hello..
Nothing better than helping/killing people while your sister is being turned into stone
HELLO FRIEND
oGriofa: hello i am penguin and i am not an asshole
penguin: I'll take your word for it.
oGriofa: cool
like this - http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_GXXdt-zVOr8/TUNyV8gW4pI/AAAAAAAAAEc/8WHG8lAuyQU/s1600/donkey-hole.jpg
?
Silly skrillex
A macbook is not an instrument
nnoooo donkey kong
lol
I used to argue about dubstep being bad... but then I dropped it...
:D
/me dat bad pun
Macbook, Pro
Lol
Mincraft gives me wood. ~~
Me to
minecraft gives me 46 1
Please do not give Stallion 46 1
Who wants to here a joke?
Join the best pony empire today http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1356668593163.jpg
There. Joke.
awolnation
yessss
sail
Skrillex
Thats the jokt\e
Joke
CrystalPhoenix: Im discusted
By what
or however you spell that XP
OH PLS PLAY MORE AWOLNATION PLS SHIZUKA PLZ
:) Nice
What in the name of Equestria is VOLTZ?
Play happy wheels LOL
What is ADP?
build build build build build build build build
http://i.imgur.com/TmhgA.jpg ma brain
wait
lalala la lalala laala
oGriofa: I think he's saying ADD
woops i already posted that
I'm pro at minecraft
Stallion_of_War: Or Ad Block Pro
BLAME IT ON MY AD BLOCK PRO!
sail
:D
lol
sale
I dont get it
sael
lol
SAIL!
Saal
sali
SAL
Shh.. Shizu the walmart is watching..
Don't give it ideas
S-ale
creepy
Shizuka play happy wheels
http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=d16_1356622989
Nyan ponywubstep?
The heck? xD
Ohai everyone ^w^
THIS IS AMAZING
this is a creepy ass song
i like it
i apologise for using caps.
another!:[
and terrible spelling
You should feel bad
Railings! to keep OSHA appeased >_>
PRETTY PINK RAILS!
Play happy wheels Shizuka
Heated, quit asking. She'll play as she wishes.
Heated: she does what she wants
This place looks familiar...
I dunno why.
guys
SHU TUIP]
GUYS
No, you shut up.
Weher is wp 8
ep8
Did I just hear Sexy Dungeon?
what?
yes
no
Stallion_of_War: Yes!
ep 8 not aired
yes you did Stallion_of_War
we don't have that anymore.
Ohh, what's the name of the melody currently?
we 6 7 and 9????
Stallion_of_War: I didnt get past that eithger
What would you guys do without me?
aaaaoooooaaaaaooooooaaaaoooooooooooo
either*
I'm amazing
Continue with our lives like normal.
/me sits on Jmo
ne happy of course
be*
I think you find it then.
google*
Does nopony know what the melody is?
Ohai Ponies47
Guys pretend I'm not in the chat
:)
, i need a new pc :I
cachi01|phone: so do i
/me is exited
Stallion_of_War Oh I thought you wanted the video or something
/me slaps Ponies47 around a bit with a large trout
Heated who are you again?
Its a lot of different songs
Jmo, ;~;
cachi01|phone: but you don't see me complaing
like right now its... well part of it is chrono trigger
:>
thelonecubone cause yours works
Jmo: where the hell did you get trout
thelonecube stream crashes in 5 seconds
Because we're not hear when it's streamed, or we don't go looking for this stuff
cachi01|phone: yeah, But i am unable to play games on it :I
troutville
cachi01|phone: lel no
It was part of a great meme compilation that unfortunaltly got deleted...
thelonecubobe same here. I can only play doom and first half life
*Hoof life
This song sounds like 5 different songs playing at the sme time
cachi01|phone: I think i am able to play Morrowind thou >.>
yay
thelonecubone thats why i am in phone cause all browsers crash in 10 secs
Not that ong
Yayy
/me texasboykc09
cachi01|phone: lel. I hope you get a good PC :)
hello everypony
soon
Hi texasboykc09 :)
Thx. I hope u 2
at last a song I know >_>
fluttershy, get out of here. you need to go get ready for the next episode
Now back to scribblenauts
cachi01|phone: But i'm poor :I
that place needs more wood
more fire
cachi01|phone: Kill as many people to offer the Gods :>
how did i manged to get / me and / nick mix ip
dunno
WTF. NOBODY TOLD ME CREEPERS EXPLODED IN SCRIBBLENAUTS
IM BACK!
cachi01|phone: LOOL
wb Heated
LOL*
shizuka - can't you just do a "//replace air 46"?
Heated: and not a fuck was given
LOL NICE JOKE PENGUIN BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
It was not a joke.
Heated: whose joking?
dose logs
MirrorImage: Isn't 46 TNT?
yesh
sh
no its not
46.... is... kittens.
DO IT!!
YES IT WAS , BECUASE I DIDNT CCCCCCCAAAAAAAARRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
Replace the air with TNT
doin it
well i didn't mean globally
Heated: stop it with the all caps :I
Okay lol
kirz would do air 46 in a snap
Here at Honeydew Inc, we breath TNT, not air...
although that would give me evil ideas for a bad server prank...
what's the item code for obsidian?
Heated, You must be new here~
How does one gain access to shizuka's server, or is this impossible?
Heated Jesus don't tell me your a fan of pewdiepie
lol
Ponies47: can we prepare the Sacrafice?~
lol
killerpony7733, you're*
Yes thelonecubone yes
Kirz borked da rules.
^
Jmo Ssssh don't correct me
I love Pewdiepie he's halarious
^HAHAHAHAH no
I just died a little inside.
I shall do as I wish klrpwny
hes obnoxious
MirrorImage: 46... >_>
To me isn't and if you dont llike him dont watch him LOL common sense
is it legal to eat cat?
He screams like a 4 year old and he has no content or fun about him. He litterally just screams and overdramatise everything he does
literally*
<:
penguin well its not illegal.
Delicious cat
Heated Oh and that means i can't give critique?
Look at my last comment
Eh, youtubers, meh
http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/51vLP99ua4L._BO2,204,203,200_PIsitb-sticker-arrow-click,TopRight,35,-76_AA300_SH20_OU01_.jpg
He isn't obnoxious to you, cause you're a child.
yor wards r had to undastnd
Their funny at first but content gets redundent when you're famous.
You'll find anything funny.
Not really
except this.
Heated It's childish to say such you avoid the issue and just try to avoid the argument and the actual critique being shown to you.
THIS. Is... sort of sad really.
so if i were to eat a cat, oh lets sayyyy my cat, it would not be illegal
Stallion_of_War: I demand to know where I can read this.
give me a second oGriofa
http://www.amazon.com/101-Uses-Dead-Simon-Bond/dp/0517545160
penguin I don't think it is illegal
Stallion_of_War: YES xD
So... That is not a go ahead.
y, because fuck my cat thats why
Guys, troll me with your full power and see if I care
Just not illegal.
Heated you care so much right now it hurts
Im actually going to order this.
EVERYTHING.
So just stop talking.
Do yourself a favor
Heated: your a attention whore
an*
You're*
I have a mean desire to send a copy of that book to my ex, given she's a self-proclaimed crazy cat lady....
fuuuuuuu
Heated If you can't take critique and resort to saying ''lawl if you don't like it then don't watch'' I actually don't watch him but i have seen some of his stuff and that's where my critique my view on him comes from. Anywho done it's impossible to logic with you
but that would be bad... and probably hilarious for at least one of us... but bad...
Stallion_of_War: do it
Fortunatly I deleted her address from my computer shortly after we broke up. Keeps me from doing anything stupid.
Killer I don't care please stop bugging me you pest
Is this the place where horse lovers talk and watch talking.colorful horses?
Heated: why you so angery
killerpony7733 you should stop while you are ahead.
Barbetos Already done.
did I miss drama ? For celestia's sake tell me I didn't miss drama ?
cachi01|phone: naw, this is pokestate
minus the last '?'
Uakh scroll up
killerpony7733: Stallion_of_War: I don't think you guys are completley familiar of how I feel about bitching.
Can you guys please stop fucking bugging me
I did, trying to make sense of it but it made my brain fry
Heated: i want you to take a shit then calm the fuck down
I think this is the place were dancing oranges mock us for liking ponies.
thelonecubone oooooh digimon
cachi01|phone: yes
Heated I'm done so whatever.
yes it is digimon
Stallion lol
You sure showed me... weird dancing orange thing...
Are we sure that wss an orange?
Stallion_of_War: but it's rare seeing that thng
it's a*
Barbetos And yep i'm done i don't care anyway :D if hes gonna be like a 4 year old that refuses to see the truth and all then so be it. His own fault
It inquired if I was mad. I was more confused as to why I was being insulted by a dancing orange thing.
/me slaps SuperBrony64 around a bit with a large trout
Phase4
It was funny
Insults are more effective if they're logical.
JRP2234
ok shizuka, i stop watching for like five minutes and your almost done. what the fuck. do it agian i missed it
Stallion_of_War: tbh I found that thing funny and creepy at the same time
penguin: she's unable to
The lyrics to the song where "nigga bitch fried.chicken watermelon"
What the hell are you guys talking about
Stuff
swiggity swag
random stuff
Mkay sounds cool
Or does it?
It does
yup
Whats the song called I like it
:)
Which one
watching jackass the movie
I think is it Armin Van Berin or something like that
so much win/fail
I think I spelled it wrong
Constatly thinking about Chewie... and I can't make the kessle run...
What a lovely time for my net to cut.
Arman Van Buuren
Armin Van Buuren.
Yeah
that be it
Spongebob
Patrick
Mr krab
S
Sandy
Pear
L
If you guys were famous what would be a strange request you would ask for
Money
And pictures
Pictures of spiderman
a tube of liquid cheese
Would asking for more pony be odd?
tub*
Even more?
Well.. GOOD pony.
cachi01|phone: would you make a thread about Spiderman?
Wait
I think I just broke a rule
Oh well.
thelonecubone yesh
hey guys, we forgot to poni poni
No pony can.pony two ponies pony
I agreee
SadCanary why sad?
Agree
And hi :)
I was wondering the same thing.
i like to poni a poni with a poni and then i poni poni
Thats nasty
hot and cold
Ermagod hert and curld
Hi SadCanary, what's wrong?
SadCanary is sad
lets get some lady gaga lol jk, don't
I agree
Who knows the show Doctor Who
some one call the doctor
sadcanary left
you
can't type and keep up
I wonder if that was the last time she will ever be in this chat room.
stupid fast songs
lay off
Everybody watch the youtube video: movies reenacted by Ponies If ya wanna
no
Heated: you, are not the smartest puppy in the litter are you?
i dont want to, I want to see stream
I said if you want ot
Last time who will be in the chat
oh this song has been remixed alot it seems.
to
or am I making that up?
Penguin: What are you talking about
Heated: yeah, you just proved my point but what ever
No seriously what is the topic you were speakin of\
Ponies
Why did you say that basically
just shut up man. listen the music and stop typing so you can think about it for a while
i did but what ever.
cool
Everybody: why u no like me
Cause you're acting like a twat, why else?
How
Doubt anyone hates you, well maybe Jmo.
But don't mind him. He hates everything.
I know people hate me.
With trouts.
'How'
'Quit fucking bugging me'
Telling everyone to leave you alone like a little child.
And Meanwhile, if he were on.
nope, not hate. loathe
^^
Act like a child, you'll be treated like a child.
I don't like you because you're an annoying attention garnering dumbass
^^
but that's just me
Cool story bro
AttackWithHugs who?
My point is proven.
Ohai AttackWithHugs ^w^
Jmo: i know right
Yeah
Oh let him have his flap doodle guys
He is having fun.
Gah the chat won't work on 3DS
Fun is forbidden you know.
That's Bullshit
Only streamers are allowed to ahve fun.
i want my flap doodle. where the fuck do you get a flap doodle?:(
The toast is right
penguin if you knew you would not want it.
Flap doodle sounds delicious
Yes. Yoooooou.
Barbetos: oh gross
Just... YOOOOOOUU
FlAP DOODLES!
You make me want to strangle puppies.
Heated: caps lock doesn't make you type louder. its just annoying
Flap doodle sounds like some kind of cake
Shizuka, nice house
I agree
oh shit it is a nice house
If there was ever a part of this thing you do that was endearing it has long since stopped, so don't continue.
dat house
for the love of everything that is this chat room.
But really don't mind me. I am in a bad mood and I tend to take it out on strangers on the internet. You are just a easy target.
now put in a some furniture
Fucking gateway always restarting at random
If I find something annoying I slap it
I see there's at least one other person paying attention to the video.
I am watching it
^
same here
I don't play minecraft ever. I watch it.
those are some cool stairs
This isn't Minecraft. It appears to be TechnicPack.
See? penguin gets it. For the cool stairs.
Dash, that's a mod for Minecraft
Dash it's feed the beast
Ah.
by that logic minecraft has become something that has no name
Barbetos: um ok... that was just my opinion. if what i get is stairs then im alright with this
It is mod craft
Things like this are so different that they're considered different games.
Complete with seperate data files.
Shizuka, whats the name of this song
It's still Minecraft.
oh god its un even, my ocd is acting up
FIX THE STAIRS, please.
and they
I thaught you guys said shizuka did what she wanted
Newbz pls
Stahp
cachi01|phone: you want me to get out the chancla?
How long Shizuka been playing minecraft?
Heated: imma gonna smack your bitch mouth
Uneven stairs explode my frontal lobes.
Yesh shancla
Chancla*
Penguin. Heated STAHP
/me pulls ou the chancla >:I
Those stairs are fucking with my OCD
cachi01|phone: im sorry man. i.. don't know what came over me
Darfur deal with it
No true Minecrafter allows uneven stairs.
its the ocd man
@Dash: Yes!
Dash deal with it
its messing with my head
i go outta my way to fix them
IT MUST BE SYMMETRICAL.
Is it TF2?
listen to the blachi
no
Minecraft
Pls show me the law that says it needs to be so
with some mods
congruency is key
Ok
every thing must be congruent
lol'
/me yawns
ohai aniderp|bestcakeever :)
Hai guys
Why must everything be congruent
hello DitzyDerpy15
Hi DitzyDerpy15
Dash: yes i read that too
OOOH MINECRAFT XD
Sup Ditzy
They're BLOCKS, the MUST be congruent
I don't get it
Eenope. They're circles
arcane door?
Cant you see?
this is new minecraft version i think
Cool lamps
Yeah it 1.4.6
Minecraft with some mods ditzy
Heavily modded new version.
Great, now i wanna play Minecraft ;_;
and when shes done with the house we are going to have a house party
ikr?
too bad i dont have a premium account WTF
Seeing anyone play Minecraft makes you wanna pplay
Agreed.
Yeah then you realize its kinda boring
Same with TF2
yep
NOPE!
same with all
Unless u play with friends
lol
Name something you hate I hate Roblox
cachi01|phone: True
roblox XD
i play dat game
Roblox is fun
lawl
lol roblox
iTS LAME
HOW DARE YOU INSULT MINECRAFT!
I have to play TF2 on Roblox. :P
remember when this was just a shitty frame of a shitty house?
I never played roblox tbh
Minecraft and Roblox can be Mineblox XD
yeah me neither it was always awesome
Its ok...
I despise Roblox.
but i seen My brothers play it sometimes
Minecraft mobile. slap a touchscreen GUI on the desktop version and port it to my laptio
I agree Dash
Thelonecubone do it :3 and if u can get into a survive the plane crash server
*Tablet
They are fucking fun
roblox is fun and i got white earbuds bcuz of that
Id love to play TF2 but it said it would take 6 Days to download!
ARG Those stairs
cachi01|phone: maybe, But i dont feel like it atm :$
Lel
LOL 6 DAYS?! it tooks like 11 hours for me :P
is it friday yet
remind me later could you?
no
It wouldn't really take 6 days, only about 3-12 hours.
Unless.comcast
in philippines its friday now XD
Mine said it wold
cachi01|phone: you have comcast?
Almost friday though
6 days is ridiculous
:P
LOL
If you live in Eastern time or farther east, it's Friday.
orcs must die was supposed to take a day and a half for me to download
Telmex which is kinda the mexican equivalent to comcast
ik its friday here
Uneven roon heights, uneven passageway widths, unsymetrical stairs! My OCD senses are tingling!
it took less than 10 minutes
you'll be fine
cachi01|phone: lel
Dash: so some where out there its friday?
build your own stair design?
:P
I tried downloading it first it was at 99$% and Stopped. :(
:O OMG OMG OMG
big tv
Where I am, it's Friday.
STAR WARS XD
This thing is amazing.
wow lol
oh sweet this tv is awesome
Oh shizu is showing the old DOS trick?
cachi01|phone: I want to go to mexico one day, but you know, dont have a passport to go/comeback
XD
no go back
beeep boop beeep
i was watching
WOW
Yep
Wow - What doesnt Minecraft have?
NOOOOO
I was watching that.
Porn
YEAH
No wait
NOOO DONT GO
good looking textures
Theres a mod for porn
cachi01|phone - actually...
Got enough rooms?
Minecraft is a Synonom for: EVERYTHING
So yeah minecraft had everything
I heard there's an Angry Birds mod.
Has*
cachi01|phone: I wouldn't be surprised, really
cachi01|phone: lel
when the fuck did porn come in
why would anybody make a minecraft mod for
idk but it sounds cool o.o
Not sure how that would look - dont want to know
*THAT anyways?
We're on the internet. Porn is everywhere.
but now i dont
penguin: since the dawn of the internet
Cypresswolf, ikr
DRHUnleashed cause its the fakin interwebz
Dash, not everywhere.
smart moving mod for minecraft can help p0rn
cachi01|phone: true, true
WTF
This is what it would be like: Hows minecraft son.. WHY DO YOU HAVE PORN ON MC!?!?
Enough talk about porn.
Seriously.
sorry
^
You all should know better.
the internet is trying to fuck with me
Ok.
And cellphone is running low on battery
Cya everypony
thank Shizuka
k shizu
Cya
Just for that, let's all babble about porn.
Bye cachi01|phone :)
bye cachi01|phone
Dash stahp
WTF DASH?
Read the fucking rules
Hello everypony!
/me Rolls Eyes
cachi01|phone: remind me of playing Roblox, kay?
Guys say why you hate me again
thelonecubone k :)
Cause you're a twat.
And newbz
Quick reminder
Dash: no, read the fakin rules
READ THE FAKIN RULES
add me on roblox XD
listen to the blachi
lol?
Anyone on Roblox: My Username is: Wymantrains. Add me. :3
i don't think i saw this one... hey go back
mine is xXNoah1650Xx :P
Troll me with all your power guys I wanna show my brother
wut?
Lawl he gone
Shizuka, once again, nice house
ikr
hes back
hey guys if you had two words to describe mlp what would they be?
Pk
friendship, magic?
Ok*
pretty cool
1. So. 2. Awesome.
Underrated ponies
lol
Ponies, cool
kanda wtf XD
Nice house Shizuka
BEST HOUSE EVAR
Must, Not, Sleep. Must, Watch, Ponies...
very nice indeed.
:O
:o:o:o:o:o:o:o:o:o:o
I must say, I like the result.
I've seen better houses though But not may
WymanDaBrony: Do not spam.
Ok
Must. Get. Adblock. More. Fun. Watching. Ponies
Doing great, Shizuka!
Is this Live or Recorded?
live
look at the lol
oh i got another one. who is the softest pony
?
Fluttershy
FLUTTERSHY
depends on the context of soft
EVERYPONY
i thought rarity
We can't feel them. How could we possibly know?
Dash: guess damnit
So wait whos the craziest in MLP?
imagination?
Pinkie
I want to thouhgt.:'(
Oatmeal.
twilight is craziest
craziest? hmm....Barking Mad?
I dont like oatmeal
.-.
oatmeal is craziest pone
screw ball
Screwball?
Ok 1 more question... WHO IS BESHT PONY?
Scootaloo.
RARITY!
everyone is best pony
Shit storm
pipsqueak
everypony*
Whats the fanon name for the barking pony? Barking Mad or Screwloose?
XD
Screwloose
Cypresswolf: screwloose
fuck all of poni ponies. pip makes the show
Screwloose is Discord's Daughter.
...This song...
last question... why did celestia sent luna TO THE MOOOOOON
No, that's Screwball
LOL Fishheads!
BEST. SONG. EVER.
WymanDaBrony: no thats screwball
What is up with this song!
FISHYHEADS
Oh... Ok
what is this song about
I'm likin' this song.
:D haven't heard this one in a long time - forgot where this came from
Play: Dead Puppies!
LOL
Fish Heads, Fish Heads
XD
Dead puppies arnt much fun...
bronystate, do you like bananas?
no
XD
and dont ask that question
:>
Fisheads!
ya ;~;
Eat hem up! Yum!
Nice house Shizuka :O
What is this song about Damnit
Our puppy died, Late last fall, Hes still rotting in the hall...
PONY PONY song like the call on me edit
^them^
Fish heads, obviously.
And rollie pollies
YUM.
rolly polly fish heads are never seen drinking coffee. wow how is that a sentence
Yeah!
YEAH.
hello weeping_pegasi82
Yea!
HELL YEAH!
This song really touches me.
WOOOOOOO HOOOOOOO
XD
WITH DIS HAUS
WID DIS HAUS
the hell is this song and why am i just now hearing it?
IM BLU
abudebadubie
XD
Eiffel 66
nice haus u got der
I'm Blu
lol
08,01i sometimes worry that people see me like one of these pigeons: http://i.imgur.com/1DdQ1.jpg
aaa i see why its called that
I'm gonna go get a cookie BRB
65 ?
I WANT CAIK
I first heard this song on a Thomas The Tank Engine YTP. :2
:3
08,01penguin: pigeons
oh
was dat?
wireeee?
Blu girlfriend? Someone like Rainbow dash.
Anyone else feeling blue now?
Cypresswolf: It's a blizzard here
idk?
sonic is singing this and hes singing about RD lol
this is the dull house ive ever seen. don't get me wrong, its well built. its just boring
add some pazzaz
:O penguin wtf
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57KDDKbfhmI
dammit direwolf you picked the wrong solar panels...
Doesn't matter how many times I hear this song - I can never unhear "I'm in need of a guy" when "da boo de da boo dii" - thats what a friend of mine on the bus thought it was originally - back when it first hit the radio
WymanDaBrony, no non-image links when stream is on
is that...
A FORBIDDEN LINK?
Ok
You'd best read the rules.
Buytoast: smite him
/me go away slowly ...
sup bros
Hai pyrojockey.
:P
hello pyrojockey
WymanDaBrony: you almost got punted from chat
I'm off to bed - midnight is my limit on work nights - besides cold, sleepy and electricity don't mix
SOLAR WUT?
Sup Pyro
Ok...
night Cypresswolf
thats solar things?
Hi pyrojockey
Night Cypresswolf :)
i hate air
Hey, does anyone know a way I can contact LC? (seeing as how hes not online) I want to know if me email was recieved. :\
I hate life
I HATE song by Francis lol
i hate disneyland
i hate bronies JK
brb
Sup Pyro
SPY
lick a dick disneyland
HHAHA
Sup ass
I hate food
i dont hate this
yep
Shizu: always fun watching your minecraft streams - hope to be around for your next minecraft project :)
lol
It's 12:00 You Know What That Means
im going to drink watar
wb thelonecubone
no, we dont
FREE ICE CREAM
Time for cookies
thanks texasboykc09 :)
I'm Not Buing Thogh
this
i don't hate piss?
oh biss
gonna play roblox for a minute
...
Ill look you up. Get ready for me
Pyrojockey?
oh, look shes putting in some pazzaz. cool
Roblox wa ruined because of children
bcuz of n00bz
-.-
Thats who its entended for children
/me Shakes head in agreement
and children mostly
/me goes to water station and bass cannons everyone here
oh hey, guess what. kids are going to ruin shit k
Meh, nvm. Ill just ask him next time i see him :P
gonna graduate next 3 months
in fact some things are made for kids
.-.
o wait we take those too
wut?
like g.a.k?
Roblox is entended for kids
Sebt it Ditzy
Sent*
Nothing I like was intendened for children (irony intended.)
i have him on skype RaveBrony he will be on tomorrow
Oh ok, thanks TheGreatAndPowerfulT :)
lol
oGriofa: o u
THIS SONG! I KNOW IT!
PI!
ACHOOO
i don't understand what these numbers mean
make them stop
i typed that while sneasing.
penguin: its pi
penguin What numbers mason what do they mean?!?!
WHAT IS THIS SONG!!!!?
KRAVCHENKO MAST DIE
killerpony7733: LOL blops can suck a nut
penguin Well true but it's funny to do when numbers are mentioned
sounds like katy perry
Lol
OH GAD BLACK OPS 2 MUSIC
9998888566606w46535239574364oi6u4woi6y7u3498634768
00,10mmmmmmm pie
.-.
i cant help it
yay muslim music
It's like they've found the weirdest songs for their playlist
or arab music :3
MAI PIIIIIIIIIIIIE!!!!!!!
nope this is rock
lol
so wut shizu making ?
now its alien music
Darkfur: It's just shizuka's
whats the difference?
I PLAY MLP ON ROBLOX for a minute... again
Hi
Hai HeatedFusion
Hi Ditzy
HeatedFusion: not sure if heated or new person
omg not minecraft in roblox
Heated
Such strange mods!
Thats me
aaaa
k
What are they?
LOL
Shizuka, what are you doing
Bye
shizu is making awesome extensions to house
oh yeah, and guess what bitches. the world didn't end. fuck you mayans
This must be that tekkit mod...
dont blame mayans... blame crazy people
^
I LOVE TEKKIT
Don't blame crazy people. Blame their parents
The modern day mayans didn't care about the end of the world
I WISH I HAD IT THOUGH
DitzyDerpy15: whats the difference
So bye everybody
wat?
where did the music go
BAI
idk
bye heated
i hope you become less of a douche bag
peace
permeate our skin.. uhhg
Sounds sexual
kinky
I just got wood
to put in the fireplace
;_;
nice save
Hi
had to take care of that, too much for stream to handel
That's a pretty bad attempt Heated.
Starbursts!
Hi
Quit trying.
Heated, no.
Hey Frosted / HeatedFusion
What are you 13?
That was abit too far penguin.
Change your name to FrostedButts
frosted has quit
yeah not to proud of myself there
sorry frost
still stop
frostedbutts their more than good
someone run the math for me
He has already left, it's alright, just don't say it again in the future.
20 x 2 x 27 x 4 x 64
your becoming a attention whore
Shizuka, i got 276,480
sorry shizuka, my brain stops working after 11
OVER 9000
that's all?
i require another layer
how does one multiply
Shizuka, yep thats all
I have lost all comprehension in what i am looking at...
definitely require another layer
or much more
penguin: how does one divide?
by zero?
oGriofa x/0
how does one find the square root of 13
Darkfur: You feind
I'm just listening to my iTunes
FIRE HIVE
:3
Party with Pinkie!
Aaaaaaaww sheeeeeeet
i live this song
PARTY
i got disconnected .-.
*love
PARTY HARD!
hey Shizuka what is that
hai again .-.
hi DitzyDerpy15
woah...
night AWH|Sleeping
is dat chests?
i like this part
Night AWH|Sleeping
:)
is it like... a super chest, where 1 chest accesses a chest storage bank
so i was eating this cereal when i thought to my self. this isn't frosted flakes. the fuck is this shit
lol penguin
CUPCAIKS
/me LAUGHS AT YOU AND FIRE HIVE
lol, i milk?
IN*
NOW ONTO ARCHIE BABS SEED REMIX
fire hive
The song?
yay babs seed is best new york
WymanDaBrony Party with Pinkie
PONY MUSIC IS BEST PONY
WymanDaBrony: Like
:D
Shizuka, i can tell
i can't math either Shizuka
Cupcakes (Knoedels remix) is the song
Can The guy on the stream see us??
who ever made math was retarded
BEERRRR
39
BEEEER!
39
easy
beer
oh shit uummmm
alot
of course WTTf
CAN YOU HEAR US SHIZUKA!?
lol
WOW
Hello everybody!
beeeeeer ftw
HAI
Hai Karonia
Shizuka: the fuck are you doing girl
I don't know what this is!
CAN THE STREAMER HERE US?
i got that but y
Shizuka, 269,568
TELL ME
Wht are ya'll doin
:D
SHIZUKA!
beep boop beep lolol
CAN YOU SEE ME SHIZUKA?!? xD
ALL THE BLOCKS!
So much for the end of the world...
blue box bluebox bluebox bluebox bluebox
BAKING CCAPCAIKS
Turns out Celestia wanted another season, so she said I'm not allowed to end the world yet.
3lol
Any of you watched "Lyravator"?
now how the fuck are we supposed to know that
Why does everyone think celestia is a jerk?
So can you play song requests?
were not wizards
She is a troll
Shizuka, 66
65 XD
i'm a wizard
66
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: no your a fraud
shizu has another computer so she sees
Shit, I can't take math during winter break..
Calculator it
Shizuka, 456,192
so says twilight sparkle
:)
oh shit, clicked the cat ad
BAKING CUPCAIKS AGAIn
nuuuo
So what is this supposed to be?
MineCraft
penguin what would yo know, you are a bird who can't fly
Rainbow Factory Concept 2.0
lol
DitzyDerpy15 I meant what is he building
idk?
lol
Requires more children now, both F's and D's
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: fuck that we can swim motherfucker, ssswwwiiimmm
agad
A rainbow factory
daaah
In the rainbow factory...
Dont get it stuck in my head again
Where your fears and horrors come true...
penguin enjoy being food for a Killer whale
shizu can u put nyan skrat as music?
GODDAMN IT
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: oh you bitch you had to go there. well atleast we trust wheels
I'll never look at RD the same... but who the hell hasn't since G3?
G3?! omg
lol
go on trust wheels they will be your doom penguin
Old Rarity was RD but then i took an arrow to the knee
I saw an alternative ending to the Too Many Pinkies Episode
where they got the wrong one
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: This is why i only trust land rudder
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: they have given my people fath and hope. fuck you and you no wheel ways
Free Shelby. Come on, it's a pony car!
My computer just crashed. 0_0
penguin: wheels are awesome... u act like trixie and u get nightmares
Cuz of brony dom, on NFSMW I drive the Mustang Boss 302... pony boss car
Shizuka, you are making my mine derp right now
CORROOOLLLLLAAAA
Dodge.
Like JDM much?
That is all.
Or rice?
CCCCOOOOORRRRROOOLLLLAAAAAA!!! said Wildfire...
Im scared to use my computer anymore.
Who is your guys favorrite youttuber?
AR12Gaming/IamJacksLPs
CHIMNEYSWIFT111
theRadBrad
DitzyDerpy15: non since i love wheels they bring love and prosparity
Karonia: Sips_ and Sijn
-1 1
penguin why can't you see that the way of the wheels will bring your destruction ?
-one 1
MINUS ONE 1
theRadBrad, ChimneySwift, yogscast
pewdie idk lol
I like Chimneyswift11, Ipodmail, and Paulsoaresjr
I had a video link, but then Professor Rowan said "There;s a time and place for everything! But not now."
anyway that's enough TTGL
PAUL 2
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: because you are a crazy bitch who holds a long grudge. why should i trust you
CALM DOWN PENGUIN
Who bets he has Mine Little Pony mod?
ME
but why?
penguin can u stop now?
Oh wait, this is Tekkit.
no it isn't
berberborscing: herrdi herrderr
I WANT ALL THE TEKKIT AND PONY MODS PLUS TV MOD SO I CAN WATCH PONYS IN MC
is this ftb or tekkit
:3
i was bored so i just typed stupid stuff for that i am sorry
FTB
XD
Don't laugh, or I'll challenge you to a race in my Boss 302
nah its okay lol
oh noooo
Not like you have the money for a 438 Italia or some shit
Oh and I like Thesyndicateproject
there is
458*
so yeah, whats with all the chests Shizuka
what is this person building?
FUN
aaaaaa
k
Storage system
Secret, but fun!
the master warehouse i guess
THATS WHAT
penguin: a flame hive
Warehouse 13!
Reference...
lol, the heck is a flame hive?
Where are the other 12?
lol
Fire Hive...\
penguin: i dont have a single fucking clue
ha
now you guys are just making shit up
Guys gonna shit himself when he sees he can't open chests with blocks on top of them
psst
don't need to
He knowa
you will see
she .-.
she
lol
why can't anyone get that
XD
shes a girl
Who cant
damn
is was thinking "she.. she.. she she she SHE SHE SHE!!!"
Some mare
heard there was a mod from minecraft MLP
Yes, Mine Little Pony
AHA, FASTEST typer
SOMEONE CREATED FIFTH WALL
AHA
or Mine Little Brony mod
oh yeah a mare. thats what their called
Cuz pinkie broke the 4th one
Shizuka: your a mare. how does that make you feel
Ive broke OVER 9000 of them!
Im gopnna cry in my room
funky tekit?
aww shes busy
YOUR MOD IS BAD AND YOU SHOULD FEEL BAD
...
I think this is feed the beast considering the new creative INV
Dammit, ad
no homo?
IR!?
OKR*
IKR**
Get adblock +
BeBackAGuys
what the fuck is an atheist. sounds like a party pooper
Did I say that out loud?
what
Nope, nvm
penguin: its a smart person
k
no need for smart people anymore
when you got smart cars
what ever. ill take fath over doom and gloom any day
okay
berberborcing: thats what fox news is for right?
right?
where's my math pony for the night
I can flip that shit over with my hands...
me!
whatever the previous number we got was
righ there
double it
someone get at the gala 8-bit
Smartcars are run by Skynet dont get one the machines will rise
i forgot
Search up lyravator. If this is againt ToS, disregard this message
Shizuka: do it your self... if thats ok with you
hmm?
i dont do math i suck at math
XD
what is this contraption going to do?
Shizuka, 912,384
bye I'm a little bored
Im in 7th grade, no shit im smarter than a fucking 5th grader
So...ah...What's going on?
so your asking a bunch of bronies about math? damnit girl we don't do math, all we know is ponies
lol
lol, couldnt have said it better myself.
bye
Consult that CALCULATOR app on your PC.
Karonia: bye
bye Karonia
Sorry had to go Poop
someone beat Super Mario 64 in 5 minutes once
See ya guys bye all
i couldnt beat that smarter than a 5th grader thing and im about to graduate high school
WymanDaBrony, do we need to know that?
^
5th grader had college teachers...
i have the say Shizuka your terrible at math but your taste in music is amazing to say the least
I shouldnt be watching this...
ha
Discouraging me to build a house
i like that one
What's the Friday night movie gonna be
I dunno, someone gotta make some cupcakes
Shizuka if you are seeing this can you tell me, What exactly are you Building?
I made cookies
in retospect i could have spent my time doing anything. but instead i chose to sit hear and listen to your tunes. i made the right choice in my book
Wait this is creative? I don't give a shit now!
Uh Oh
Shizuka, yay we did it
now do it agian but back wards
No inside - out
That block looks creepy ass...
start with the chests first then make the house
ADDS
Get adblock +
XD
my mom told me to get ADDblockplus
someone got mad at me on ROBLOX mlp rp
Looks like a crying, damaged soul lost in the form of an unmoving tree to no one able to here their cry of help
your not even close to being done with this house are you Shizuka
Can you send me a Link?
For Macbookk?
lol
WymanDaBrony: or you can just type that in google...
Ok then.
BE BACK
Splash potion of decay?
e
hey can we ever post links or is it forever blocked
WymanDaBrony, coming from someone on a mac, I can tell you that adblock will do you no good if you are using safari
get CHROME
penguin, what links
will the_real_pony_1604 plz stand up
plz stand up
nope, I'm gonna stay seated
penguin: clever
jk you suck
bitch, get the fuck outa that chair
._. ok
penguin: depends, is it a video, picture, sfw?
lol.
but my knee is old and hurts
I can do that, hold my beer.
thelonecubone: nah so it probably is a no go huh
In fact, my beer can do that. Hold me.
penguin: do that later then :)
/me 08,01rubs the_real_pony_1604's knee, totally not suggestively
berberborscing: lol
that is what he means
/me hey shizuka, where's the panic room of this house?
08,01penguin: damnit, i said *not* suggestively!
lol you can smell the sexual tension
Smells like M&M cookies... oh wait, that's what I;m cooking.
weird im cooking cereal
08,01penguin: how do you open the door to a lady's heart without the key?
holy sheit.
08,01sexual tension wrench.
with your dick?
lol
never heard that one before
08,01i enjoy lockpicking; i found out the other day that it's a common hobby amongst security professionals
08,01which isn't surprising
That's oxymoronic.
Security = Ensuring privacy
Lockpicking = not
:)
08,01berberborscing: security and privacy, while linked, are not the same thing
I know how to break into all of the cars I own. it is one of the first things I research after buying it
Great, now im confused.
k.
08,01i generally just practice on lock barrels i buy off ebay
oGriofa: coming on a little strong there man. try a first date then use that line
First date: my new car
privacy is having people not know what you are doing, security is eliminating others from accessing your files and computer
penguin: your right, need to ue my lady manners.
give me enough time and I can get into any master lock brand combo locks
berberborscing: knows whats up
08,01pfft, oGriofa can come on to me as strong as they want
I tuned a BMW M3 in prostreet. Goes 0-60 in 20 seconds. Yeahhhh
08,01she can come on to me stronger than old stilton
08,01which is the sexiest cheese.
make up you mind
08,01it has antibacterial properties! what can be more sexy than that?!
an easy way to break locks... Freon + hammer :)
Hand sanitizer
08,01oGriofa: that is fine
08,01penguin: when did i complain about that?
not to long ago actually
http://i.imgur.com/frnWE.png
Chat: Giving Shizuka 1 of Gravel.
oGriofa: Oh my~
08,01oGriofa: disappointed that that wasn't a cheese pun, but i'll take it
something about pigeons
oh god the puns
dafuq?
kill meeeee:[
08,01penguin: oh, that. the point of that was more that i didn't like people using me as the "token gay", expecting me to hit on everyone
penguin, dont feel... bleu :)
penguin: nope
:>
what are these x-mass colored pipes I am seeing?
the feels
ga i give up with this symbolic bull shit
Just whistle... Pinkamena will be hitting you in the head with a hammer shortly.
Oh man that game was great
I love japanese lullab--- zzz
boner jokes aren't though
oGriofa: no boner jokes are always funny
always
Boner: Woof Woof!
Brain: Get down, doggie!
a.l.w.a.y.s
no it isnt, An that is coming from a guy
Shizuka, is it working
Surprised if it did
Tekkit is way too confusing
oh yeah, sorry about not watchng Shizuka but what your doing is boring
penguins: whats your favorite pokemon
mines cuboner
I forgot mine
oGriofa: vulpix
oGriofa: :3
I think it was Typhoosion or something
not sure this is tekkit, it might be feed the beast. because it doesn't look like tekkit to me
its TBS
oGriofa: oh u
Shizuka, what went wrong
Tekkit is what I'll call it. Feed-The-Beast is a way too long name.
It took me 15 minutes to write that.
Yeah.
just use FTB, I will know
Tekkit is T!
the_real_pony_1604: no tekkit is awesome and interesting. this is boring as hell
Choose your starter block!
penguin: maybe you're boring.
well neither have you
HELLO EVERYONE... again
Cobble, Dirt or gravel
oGriofa: oh its on
trout fight!!!
I have been considering switching my tekkit server over to FTB. but I don't want to start a new world. hoping that the new version will come out at some point soon
fuck how does one trout
/me uppercut penguin with trout
how do you trout
....
slash me
Im fallin asleep...
its 2 in the mornin here
me nope i.. just.. woke... up.. *yaaaaawwwwnnn*
You suck.
oGriofa: what?
./me
?me
trout
now you can trout
the heck
If I role play, there's that one guy that starts sexual motion and everything turns into a NASCAR crash
no i can't
penguin: put /me infront of the sentence
But pls, Dont overuse it :)
lol
In fact, might not wanna use it
thelonecubone Nuuu don't teach him the secret art of /me
/me slaps everyone with whale bcuz no one said hi to me D:
nothing
/me NUUUUU
it didn't work
/me picks up lionfish "Bitch it's on"
killerpony7733: .... ah shit >w<
God I'm pissed. I assume this is Phase4? or has another Mod started streaming tekkit?
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
DitzyDerpy15, that overkill
thelonecubone Nuuuu >-<
DitzyDerpy15: you ganna eat that whale?
TheRainbowDusk, Shizuka probably
yeah XD
killerpony7733: i fucked up, didnt i ;-;
/me slaps Phase4 around a bit with a large trout
trying to find the capacity for a factorization barrel
it is Shizuka, and I think it is feed the beast
Everytime someone tries to Tab my name it fails!
thelonecubone Indeed so and very bad i might add. >_<
unless i should just switch to crystal chest and be done with it
um
Circles? One of the variables will be pi. Just a warning.
yeah think i'll just switch to crystal
The /me god will have your head :<
killerpony7733: Quickly, TO THE BUNKER!!
TheRandomkid321, tab
Shizuka: did i just slap you with a fish?
/me SLAPS ME
myself*
:>
if not then im a failure
/me slaps DitzyDerpy15 with the lionfish
I know I've been gone for a while... and I don't remember a large quantity of you.
My mane was blue to hide the water
/me slaps berberborscing with bricks and stuff
killerpony7733: well, at least we kill two birds, one stone. am i right?
/me turns Chuck Norris and karate kicks your ass
Splits into tectonic plates
AdamTheDuck Hey
thelonecubone How so? :<
am i slaping people or not
killerpony7733: I meant, you know. this place <_<
it won't tell me
Im getting the fuck out of here before ditzy gets even
it just disappears
why me
Shizuka, yay we did it
penguin: i will show you the ways, just not right now
/me huh
type that
is THAT all you were trying to do?
use diamond sorting pipes
thelonecubone Oooooooooh.....nope i got nuthin
oh no
this is much much much better
killerpony7733: you will see, soon >.>
thelonecubone: thankyou oh great and power full bone of cu
Science has been conducted!
ok
i hated that class
/me slaps mih
Seriously, if you leave bronystate for about a month and come back you're surrounded by strangers. :<
penguin: Physics, Or Chemestry?
I love chemistry.
who makes you disect a pig for a grade. thats some bullshit
Until I dont know the new brewing guides
TheRandomkid321: I know that feel, but you missed alot
Chemistry is best pony
it was a baby pig too
I dissected a frog. Prolly smells worse.
why!
thelonecubone Like what?
TheRandomkid321: Mod battle yesterday :.
:>*
Pretend your shitting in there!
oh um chemistry was a bitch so yeah
thelonecubone who with?
im all good with physics
TheRandomkid321: cant remember :I
weird huh
hahahaaha yes
OKay well looking at these new people I need to declare who I will and won't get along with.
dont get along eith me, i suck
Get along with me, and drop penguin and ditzy out
TheRandomkid321: can you hear that. its the sound of no one caring
TheRandomkid321: One that you wont get along is Heated
No one throws bricks at me
Okay that's a few that I won't get along well with...
rofl, are you making a list? really?
No, it just help to know.
Heated obviously isn't gonna be returning.
No, He's making a Guest list
oh well every one here has been really cool so far
:)
Aw, shucks.
Thanks,
penguin: lub you 2 pengi wengi
Shizuka, very smart
Yes, well. I've been on this site for long enough to know what type of people mix well here.
This is MADNESS shizuka
see share the love man/woman
THIS IS TADATD
Shizuka will never know more than Twilight though.
Shizuka: are you still doing math???
Everyone calls dibs?
god
Oh and for all you people who don't know me I'm going to get it out of the way, I enjoy CoD. Yes, laugh at me.
i could never consitrate that long on any thing
That's not a bad thing.
I enjoy NFS.
yet i write stories go figure
Even mroe sad: I like NFS even after MW 2005
hey wait, since when was Phase4 a mod?
TheRandomkid321: I do a bit, Speaking of COD, this little bitch in Mw2 had his Jimmies rusttled when he keeps dying
TheRandomkid321: for like a week or so
TheRandomkid321, few days ago
you see i was interested in your house untill you brought math into this
Phase4 Well congratulations.
now im confused
I played BeGone, and I was gonna shoot someone, then he jumped THROUGH the celing.
BeGone. Yes that game, I don't like it.
very nice setup Shizuka, very nice
New updates to it now.
TheRandomkid321: and when i told him to calm down He said "i'll banned you, I can hack you" and shit like that
begone is a rip off of counter strike
lol
I dont play Mw3 and shit for that reason
Spike in hackers.
ha he said spike
berberborscing: I still play mw2 :3
Its ok
I'm in a depressed mood recently.
I want an xbox just to play forza motorsport 4
TheRandomkid321 quit being a
TheRandomkid321: well you need to turn that frown up side down mister
You're always depressed or angry.
Plugged in mah PS3 somewhere else and got so high definition that when I saw the ford gt i got a boner
cunt
or both
I miss the days when Bronystate ads were perveted and such, not only because you could still see the stream but it had that charm to it. Like, you knew it was Bronystate.
TheRandomkid321: I do miss Mips.tv ;3;
TheRandomkid321: if you don't start being happy right now ill hug you so hard... you won't be able to walk for weeks
Only Cupa the creeper can do that.
My gf on mob talker mod
Andr was my ex.
lol
Well, I suppose a majority of you thought I had left Bronystate for good.
Here I was holding my breath.
People come and go.
You get used to it.
^
Don't. You'll break your lungs.
I'm happy to have been with BS for just about a year now
To your liver! Get it?
TheRandomkid321: no seriously why are acting like you leaving is such a big deal. if you can't find the time for ponies well then shit no skin off my nose
penguin I don't like your attitude...
What's boss about Cupa: She gives titanic hugs and isnt even supposed to have arms.
TheRandomkid321: funny because if you type something there is no attitude to be found. duh
zzzzz
penguin. how long have you been on bronystate? Out of curiosity.
who cares
really
zz-Wha?
thanks for showing this Shizuka, it gives me ideas.
what does it matter
penguin I was curious.
Shizuka has inspired one more person! (1/1)
Good morning everypony :) how we doin?
how... are you... so awake...
NocturnalBlade well honestly, horrible.
TheRandomkid321: and im curious as to what your reasoning is but if you must know. not that long maybe a couple of months
Hi NocturnalBlade :)
TheRandomkid321: whats up?
Oh, I just realized your nameplate says you are Nocturnal.
berberborscing: what you mean?
Shizuka, the other place
this is surprisingly boring
NocturnalBlade Nothing. If I do say it I'm going to be yelled at that no one cares.
Go ahead.
I'll whip penguin if he says a word
penguin: I was around here when you came in, I believe like 2-3 months? I don't know >w<
back...
thanks foe the stream Shizuka
2-3 months ago my ass.
TheRandomkid321: i am so lost
*for
texasboykc09: dont think its over lol
TheRandomkid321: hey if you need to vent some anger than by all means go ahead. fuck ill even be your punching bag. go ahead take a shot
NocturnalBlade, that her ending song
texasboykc09: yea...maybe its on her playlist just to play lol
NocturnalBlade, true
very true
This is gonna start one of those Fluttershy's WAIIIIIIIIT moments...
Should decorate that with bookshelves!
aww
over already
daaaaw the cuteness
NocturnalBlade, it over
Finally, I can upload a link!
Thanks for the stream Shizuka :)
me excited for movie
XD
texasboykc09: well i can be wrong sometimes :$
Hello everypony :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TAcKM90WPlM
NocturnalBlade, everyone can be wrong :)
ohai Tiggles
that'll do Shizuka, that'll do
texasboykc09: so true
hello Tiggles
so not bad for six hours, build house from scratch again and this time add warehouse to the interior
Thanks for the stream Shizu, even if i missed some of it lol
Well I have at least ONE good thing right now.
lyravator?
oh gad
Shizuka, you did a awesome jab at both
*job
ah hahahahahaha lyravator
08,01it's 7:40am
08,01i should bed
its 2:39 am
1 minute back in time wholy shit
11:39 PM :3
night
08,01but i've got thigns to do
3:39 PM
08,01maybe i shoul deat before going to bed
1:40 am
One does not simply fall to slumb- zzz
08,01i kinda forgot to eat for 3 days in a row now
Look at that Twilight Pleaaase image again
hey can we post links now?
after the image of three CMC in bed
If I do vent my anger half of it will have to be a lie to not get myself banned.
hey man what ever floats your boat
you got to let off some steam
penguin, yes

texasboykc09: then lets get this party started
But if I do I'm going to be in all different kinds of shit.
I should upload some more music links. You guys will be awake soon.
Go do your shit in PM to someone who cares.
Unless a stream's upcoming.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQwB_fNJyPU
Oh Jmo. I almost forgot about you...
o.o
Ohai TheRandomkid321, it's been a while
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-u0t8ZIlwuQ This could ring a bell.
Oh what a shame, I would of been so sad if you forgot about me.
AdamTheDUck Yes it has. And quite frankly I am not having such a great time.
and Jmo, just had some tea...
I think I'm going to buy some more so I can drink some every morning...
bye all, going to watch a 2 1/2 video in youtube
And I care about your tea why?
Bye texasboykc09
/me licks Jmo "Because you hate coffee" :P
Pretty shit reason.
http://i.imgur.com/7fucZ.jpg neckbeard status: getting there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BthLc1zxTyQ
Jmo I ponder how one like you is so well accepted here. But then again, everything's all messed up.
Keep pondering.
You might just figure it out one day.
08,01XAX: tap that, i would
/me boops Jmo's nose
It's simple TheRandomkid321, his nose is very boopable
but good to know.
XAX, that's you? .-.
AdamTheDuck: yup >_>
08,01XAX: you look older than that
^
Jmo well, obviously you're not the most... kind person but...
* boops TheRandomkid321 nose* omg it is
XAX, you don't look 16 o.o
08,01it does
AdamTheDuck: I was actually 16 about 12 days ago.
Yes you have mentioned that about 14 times now XAX.
Jmo: ^_^
08,01also, TheRandomkid321 and Jmo, keep it civil in here, please. if you want to argue, take it to PM.
im sure i have.
I'm being civil, what're you on about?
^lol
08,01Jmo: i'm on about you. being civil.
XAX: you look like a average lepercon but taller lol
Jmo: Take 10 off that count, maybe.
>_>
Nope, I counted XAX.
I
I'm sure you did, Jmo.
08,01LeperCon: the premiere convention for people with leprosy
damn i can't spell worth shit
08,01that was bad, even by my standards
/me 08,01should sleep
08,01

bronystate can watch its self
jk
we would fuck it all up in ten seconds flat
08,01but then who'll watch the watchmen?
Well now I know what song to remember if there's an anthroplpogy pop quiz..?
How the hell do you spell that
I forgot tp take my medication today... so yes, I'm very irratable.
08,01anyway, how do i know that bronystate continues to exist when i'm not watching it?
08,01TheRandomkid321: what kind of medication?
um... magic?
Must be happy pills.
Leave your computer on then...
^No it can't
Legal, Anti depression medication
Damn chat freeze
guys i gtg cya
Bingo.
Bye DitzyDerpy15
bye DitzyDerpy15
08,01hey kp
You know what I hate
bye derp
when chat pings.
08,01bnothing, just hhey
sleep like a rock k
08,01i need to go to denmark
greenland is larger than antarctica.
08,01get me some danish poontang
08,01and by poontang, i actually mean cheese
08,01penguin: i'm open to detroit
How many continents are there?
Listen, I need to get this off my blooded chest, yell at me, kick me, hell even ban me if you will. But does anyone else honestly get a bit sick of Wrek at times?
08,01i've not idea where it is
really
berberborscing Fun fact i am a born greenlander and i got citizenship there. Lived most of my life there.
08,01berberborscing: on this planet?
hai
yes
08,017, i think
Let me pull up a vid
eee
Oh you dun-goofed now son.
08,01geography isn't something i'm all that good at
iwouldn't touch that place with a 20 yard pole
isnt it 6
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uBcq1x7P34
nope nvm :D
08,01killerpony7733: i can't have dual citizenship, because india doesn't allow it
Awww
08,01so i just chose to have british
I should leave before I do something I'll regret.
But...
Afro-Eurasia!
Ohai Sprunkls :3
hai tehlonpot
Is Australia large enough to be a continent? Or king of the islands?
australia is a continent
^
^^
and the largest island iirc
>.> I got a new song stuck in my head
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nb-jk6Ftx7o
Anyone still around?
yeah
New answer to how many continents there are!
i got this song in my head ^_^ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q1pjmN3RF3c
Hi. XD
A: How many do you want there to be?
what's up?
berberborscing: you ass. i just watched that entire video about contiantaiatants
Installing Linux on this other computer I set up in my room.
lol
I don't know why but... I mjust really dislike Wrek. I mean I'll tell it to him straight up and all and I think he doesn't like me back but he just really irritates me at times. And now I'm going to have a shitwave coming towards me because heaven forbid someone dislike a moderator although it's fine if they are just regulars.
can't fucking spell so i gave up
D:
Poor diddums.
Welcome to life, leave your tears in a bottle on your way out.
cool
But Wrek... Wrek is so huggable... :<
TheRandomkid321, no fucks were given.
duh
Jmo I'm getting pretty blooded sick of your attitude.
TheRandomkid321: so for no reason at all you dislike a person you have never even personally met. good job
If you don't like him, just ignore him.
Simple.
TheRandomkid321, says the one who opened up with a rant about someone who isnt here.
http://i.imgur.com/v84p9.jpg
Alright guys split it up
I'm not ranting I'm letting off steam.
no
We don't need there to be a full scale fight now
this is entertaining
^
XD
Love and tolerance?
Wrek is Wrek, you have a problem with that, you consult him about it.
no
Naj.
TheRandomkid321: using what i said agianst me to get me to back off. well played
You guys deal with this,
I'll be in my room.
*snore*
08,01fun facT: when i originally came on bronystate, i was scared of wrek, and thought he didn't like me
TheRandomkid321: still doesn't explain your assholeish behavior
08,01now he's one of my best friends on here, and we even ended up in bed together during BUCK
penguin: you're actually being more rude than him
I know wrek is wrek but he just seems so angry all the time. Quite frankly I fear him, yes I fear him. I feel as though you can be banned so easily by him.
I got on a server of Minecraft and a guy named Chaos said "Get off my land, and I'll kick you from server unless you pay me 10,000 for trespassing"
You fear a person over the internet.
Bravo.
Wrek don't seem that bad if you aint a dumbass
TheRandomkid321, angry? Because his text is red?
twilight_sprinkle: well twilight, he started it so bleh
What Buytoast said.
Buytoast Exactly.
No because of what he has said.
08,01Jmo: i think you're missing the point
berberborscing, so, did you get off his land?
im so mature
What point?
Buytoast, most indeed
I'm not a fucking dumbass!
Obviously not.
berberborscing, did he kick you?
08,01Jmo: that my view of him changed
yes you are
TheRainbowDusk, you are.
08,01oh
In fact, I built a Rainbowdash pixel art there while he was afk
08,01well someone should be.
XD
oh shit its like the murey show in chat right now
You're proving to be one kiddo.
whats this? a war? .....*gets popcorn*
/me 08,01licks Panda back
well, it does sometimes feel like wrek tries to get people to say something to get kicked for
\:3/
Yoour a bigger idiot than my brother TheRandomkid321, and thats saying something.
Well fuck you. I'm sorry but I really don't need this right now.
twilight_sprinkle, its up to you to say it. You cant blame your words on someone else.
*your
When I was little, I always wanted to make a go cart...
the CMC made a fucking rocket shuttle...
/me 08,01asplodes
Let alone on m,y favorite chatroom I'm fucking hated. Wow.
11,02O3O
who cares, wrek has power to boot people. of course hes gonna mis use it
who the fuck wouldn't
08,01it's lick o'clock
11,02pyrocatboy: Don't call someone an idiot :/
08,01whcih is my bedtime
For speaking my fucking mind. Well that quite frankly seems a bit unfair.
He's gonna Wrek it!
ok
08,01night all
night
Want a tissue?
My old friend wanted to build a go-kart berberborscing
Jmo Fuck off.
Panda: no i mean sometimes he tries to force people to say something to get banned for, i remember a few cases
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OK4fJhbRL1g
Na, I'm good here.
for what?
TheRandomkid321, there is one thing to speak your mind. You are asking for attention.
Hey guys, I know of a really good videogame
TheRandomkid321: find a counsler man
He also made me wtch him play his N64 and work on it while he played around.
penguin I have a fucking counseler I'll have you know.
As does everyone else in school.
Have you tried to kill yourself again?
I really hope not.
Jmo Fuck you and since you asked, yes I have.
TheRandomkid321: well fire him cause hes not doing his job
Great job.
Boy I should've brought my umbrella for this shitstorm.
/me slaps Jmo around a bit with a large trout
http://i.imgur.com/dVYtg.jpg
I love this song. (Fuck you)
Go pop some more happy pills kiddo.
It's unfortunate Bobby pins arnt conductive or else I wouldn't be here right now.
Buytoast: i got one man
Uh... huh. Now the conversation has gotten into suicide.
this is cyber bullying
TheRandomkid321: perhaps you need some rest?
Buytoast If you did I would just poke holes in it for the lulz.
its not good
I'm well rested. I spoke my fucking mind and now I'm getting shit from all ends. I would expect this on another site but not here.
Usually we got to wait for the weekend for the chat to turn to shit.
08,01my god, Jmo and TheRandomkid321, take it to PM before i ban you both
Buytoast, hehe ikr :$
Welcome to the internet, have a complementary jar of jelly on the way out.
Huh? I'm done.
There is no hope in pursuing it.
08,01make sure you are.
TheRandomkid321: oh for the love of god quit bitching. shit life is tough. quit acting like your the only one suffering. your just a winny little kid no go grow a pair
winny
the pooh
i get it
because he's on bronystate
where horses are shown
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7tqZya9dEzY
Buytoast xD
Horses? On BronyState? What? o.o
Only on the horse days.
Horses dont exist.
Sure they do.
Nope.
The Spaniards brought em to MURIKA from Mexico centuries ago.
Buytoast In your fanfiction they do.
Describe a unicorn car
Wow, just wow... I remember this was once a nice site I could enjoy. Now I'm going to leave now. And before I do I just want to tell you to look up cyber bullying sometime.
Can you prove that horses exist?
Can you prove they don't?
Checkmate.
Yes I can.
CHECK
Do I see them?
MATE
Nope.
TheRandomkid321, o_O
http://sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/c0.0.325.325/p403x403/312782_10151315540426355_906686469_n.png
Cyber bullying really?
I just dont know what went wrong :(
I plan to use it to idle on IRC once I get it fully set up. XD
You know it's easy to ignore people?
how in the shit would anything here constute as cyber bullying
No way?
How easy is it?
Do tell.
constitue even
http://www.google.com/imgres?q=never+play+leapfrog+with+a+unicorn&hl=en&sa=X&tbo=d&tbm=isch&tbnid=7rkiw3QN6wtSfM:&imgrefurl=http://shirt.woot.com/derby/entry/10156/never-play-leap-frog-with-a-unicorn&docid=qZ4DXnLYBsTf3M&imgurl=http://s3-external-1.amazonaws.com/wootdesigncontestentries/momentum1/Never_play_leap_frog_with_a_Unicorn-ymtphd-d.jpg&w=240&h=240&ei=IlTdULjlCofe8ASNm4H4BA&zoom=1&iact=hc&vpx=4&vpy=126&dur=2766&hovh=192&hovw=192&tx=140
xD
holy crap
wall
Cause it seems to be a frekin mystery to use the ignore button.
wall
berberborscing, lern 2 derpy.me
walls for wall god
berberborscing, i even wrote a firefox plugin to make it reall easy
does nobody click full image after a google search :|
Ah, making the transition to match dari's intense idling level, are we? :P
^
11,02BerryPunch: Ftl, COPY THE ACTUAL IMAGE URL
Jmo It's amazing people let words affect them so easily.
dat BerryPunch
BerryPunch: shamfur dispray.
Jmo The internet is only words. You could ignore them and go on your merry way
I actually idled 24/7 for a while before my old Linux computer's hard drive died.
11,02berberborscing*
Bro, words hurt so much.
TheRandomkid321: nah don't pull that weak ass bullshit. your the one starting all the fights with your "oh poor me attitude" fuck off you pussy. wanna know something. life is not gonna change til you change your own attitude. now just stop. your an embrassment
BerryPunch, gimme some liquor.
You don't know.
penguin, he left.
Just not here. XP
goddammit let it rest
cool
oh haha
im done
Stop making my chat ping! You know I hat that!
penguin: "fuck you pussy" really?
(That was before I started coming here.)
aint you even see Pet Semetary?
:'(
BerryPunch, you cheated on me.
you keep digging shit up and it'll turn you into a Cujo or something
meh he said that same thing a month ago let it lie
Jmo If someone lets words from the computer hurt them. Then they are maybe not mean't for the internet.
And there is penguin with the left jab and the right hook and KNOCK OUT!
Exactly klrpwny.
Jmo, D:
i thouhgt BerryPunch was a robot
I thought you loved me BerryPunch ;__;
ah
berry is finally drunk enough
BerryPunch only loved beer. She is a drunk.
go home
Go drunk, you're home.
13color be on!
13finally..
11,02Dat color
Yay
Berry Punch and Lyra have performed the Gangnam Style Pony Parody where Celestia hides the Elements of Harmony.
inb4 phase puts on his fabulous cloths~
13note to self despite autoloading the script irssi doesn't actually enable the color
the color on this laptop screen is slightly washed out.
/me slaps killerpony7733 around a bit with a large trout
I bet that hurt klrpwny
Ow
So much.
Phase4, blind me babe.
Actually no Jmo
I'm just acting
Panda, o_O
:P
/me offering a Halo anniversary Koenigsegg CCGT
13http://i.imgur.com/ydwY0.jpg
The sarcasm flows from my mouth :P
Phase4, you know... with your nakedness.
Jmo Indeed it does.
i'm already not using colour
i cant be any more naked on the internet
Luckily, the new computer I'm setting up is a desktop, so it will be easier to upgrade and replace a hard drive if something were to happen. (My previous Linux computer was a 2001 model laptop. XD)
lol
WE ARE SPEAKING IN THE ROYAL CANTERLOT VOICE
lol
Phase4, you are using white. That is a color.
white ain't a color? das racist meng
07,02i08,02 09,02c03,02o06,02u04,02l07,02d08,02 09,02p03,02u06,02t04,02 07,02m08,02o09,02r03,02e06,02 04,02c07,02l08,02o09,02t03,02h06,02e04,02s07,02 08,02o09,02n03,02,06,02 04,02s07,02e08,02e09,02 03,02i06,02f04,02 07,02t08,02h09,02a03,02t06,02 04,02w07,02o08,02r09,02k03,02s
ah good
dat.....
ok phase4
do it
spare me
*new meaning new to me, it's older than my main computer. XD
Porky doesnt wear pants.
13phase can't put his arms down
just do it you wimp
Phase4: dahling, you look faaaabulous~
Phase4, I will give you a cookie.
Put yo hands in the air like yuo just don't care.
/me flails around
you*
no it wouldnt
a little
08,01Phase4: still want to see a pic of you
Im gonna go get an ice cube, don't type anything funny!
Shizuka, it is just early for next year.
THOU SHALL BOW FOR THE PRINCESS!
no
08,01i slept for like 5 minutes or something
how about no
*bows*
I dont want to
IS THE PRINCESS NOT SPEAKING IN ROYAL CANTERLOT VOICE?
no you are not
*bows again*
THEN BUCK YOU PYROCATBOY
Back.
gladly
I AM SPEAKING IN CANTERLOT VOICE!
is that...
CAPS SPAM ROLEPLAYING?
no you're not
I took a survey at my sucky school. 0 bronies. AAGGHH
Less caps or you'll get a kick.
And if you're RPing, drop it.
Buytoast, is that... A RULE VIOLATION
50% thinks ponies are girly. the other 50 think its gay
well i aint spammin in caps
so i dont think so
Hats off to you too.
berberborscing: what if someone things they are girly AND gay?
berberborscing What about girly AND gay?
take the ones that go to my university then
they terrify the people near them
That was 100% of what kids said at first
hell, they scare me
pyrocatboy: I said it first!
I got my friend, Michael T to try and be a brony
jcelios Yeah, two seconds before me!
He didnt like the episodes, I told him he doesnt have to
*wakes up* wha- what happened.
death
I told him to enjoy the art, and try to avoid the porn
:):)<3:'(:(6_9:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:'(:S:[<36_9>_><_<
oh boy
pls go
pony_3426, no emote spam please
SPAM
berberborscing, avioud the porn? That is impossible.
avoid*
Ah, damn.
oh wow he did go
that is not spam....this is spam......HI
I talked to someone at a lunch table.
I was wearing a pony shirt.
He got crazy mad.
WTF?
Did you make out with him?
did you know the person?
no
yes
Panda Lawl
alright, think about it this way
Did you invite him over to your house for ponies and tea?
He said exactly this "Dude why are you wearing that, that's GAYYY"
berberborscing do it again, just to be a troll
Oh and he wears only MW3 and minecraft shirts
sounds like you both are terrible
You then proceeded to kick his arse to show your masculinity?
*facepalm*
I wanted to
He's an asshole
He said that normal people dont fart
/me sighs
yay that means im special
what the...
Then you should let him spontaniously combust.
I went to another lunch table
Alright, TheRandomKid wanted me to say he has left BronyState and won't be returning >.>
berberborscing Switch his testosterone pills with estrogen pills.
XD
AdamTheDuck, good?
That ONE kid has problems, cuz I was fine at the other table
eh, he said he didnt take his meds, maybe he'll cool off and come back
That's for you to decide Panda, I'm just the messenger.
Once I was being silly by putting a milk carton on my head or a tray or something
boy, what a loss
He said "Stop being Indian!"
I just shrugged.
berberborscing: lolwat
/me shoots AdamTheDuck
/me licks pyrocatboy
Only thing I lick is candy cane
/me shoots AdamTheDuck for real
berberborscing ;) uh huh...
Stay down boy
well, I got to go, Night everyone :)
cu
night tehlonpot
i got some in the pantry, hold on
Night cuboner.
bye
buy
11,02Refresh embed~
cuboner...
boy
/me kicks AdamTheDuck's corpse while hes at it
buy now
Goodnight thelonecubone
klerpwny pls
Panda: lol
So, what are you up to?
AdamTheDuck Sssssh stay dead damn you!
/me violently stabs killerpony7733 with a rusty kitchen knife >:3
Ow
Wait
/me lights AdamTheDuck on fire
That tickled actually
Hehe
Better luck next time AdamTheDuck
I cant wait for college. Just have to survive 7th, and 8th grade
just gonna be playing spyro in a sec
*watches from the stands*
I heard middle school is the worst.
Ah, cool.
Maybe it'll tickle more next time at best :D
11,02Moo :)
I didnt know that you were into BDSM, killerpony7733.
I was playing some video games earlier. XD
berberborscing: you're going to college after 8th grade?
which ones?
Panda If you so want to know do ask me over PM mane is not good for that >.>
Oi, keep that shit out Panda.
Yea, I was so smart I can skip high school.
/me whips Jmo
Bad enough with Bronysith.
O.o
Wat
I didn't ask, I was making a joke.
Still.
So, the rest of my class had Fs just to protect their rep.
Panda I know
I was playing Madden NFL 13. Playing my career mode save where my player is named Diddy Kong. XD
haha
What if there was a pegasus seapony
wait, does that mean you're in 6th grade now?
Then it would fly underwater.
or am i off by a long shot
Well, I skipped preschool...
11,02Darn, an update
Who didnt?
Panda I didn't
Finally opened my candy cane...
He's a speedy wide receiver. XD
preschool is for noobs.
test
i drew the wtc thing in class in preschool..
My mom told my dad to homeschool me, but he never did cuz he always played warcraft or something
lawl
Heh, I wish I had a father who gamed.
chat has been too funny tonight
i have this half licked jawbreaker on my desk. I have't touched it for 4 or 5 months lol
Best picture of twilight saying pleaaase
my dad still and only plays pikmin1
Well, my mom divorced him (kinda obvious)
nothing else
and now I only have a mom
berberborscing, well be thankful for having a parent.
hugs?
just look at scoot :<
Yea, I keep seeing those commercials for the AdoptUSKids.org
berberborscing, not what I meant.
oh
You're an orphan?
Uh... illegally emancipated to be exact.
coolio
Eww.
omg no messages have been typed for a minute! code red!
theres goes the chat........
Just sp you know what Adam said was true. Just verifying.
It is 12am and people have work.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6DIWqh6JUQ
Inb4 TheRandomkid321 just changes his username.
Panda might be something you'd do.
I used to be PrincessCholestrolia
No reason. Everyone knows I am Panda. The only Panda on bronystate.
/me Panda2 enters the lobby
Disconnect.
So much for not returning.
If you check, shortly afterward it was ghosted.
Jmo, Ikr?
dat jaymoo
brb
one can change their name , but will mostlikely not change their host so all is for naught really
Well i'd say good riddance at this point.
http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=drama%20llama
I was banned for 2 years once. It was horrible :'(
berberborscing, you need a hobby
woah why?
berberborscing, for what, and what for? .-.
SuperBrony64 where are ya
He is updating his Wii
/me cries
Uploading a funny vid and they complained that one frame was from shed.mov
Must be typing a tl;dr
11,02Sorry, gimme min
"Goodbye forever! I hate you all!"
damn
Serious about blood and gore nowadays
As Serious as Serious Sam.
Ninjazz I love you for that
As serious as Micrososft Sam
Yet he is still logged in. If you are going to leave, then leave.
Serious sam <3
i failed the invite
Microsoft sam?
killerpony7733, ^_^
Panda Meeeh let him be.
no. as serious as curious George
Hes own fault for trying to get attention.
His*
my mouth is on fire. there are no words to express the pain im feeling right now.
killerpony7733, I think we all deduced that.
Forgot candy cane was made of peppermint
and peppermint feels kinda spicy
./)_=
Funny is bronystate is still the place it used to be. But if he wanna be attention whoring and all that then i think it's obvious why it seems hostile to him
Who are we talking about?
"still the place it used to be." uh... huh.
Panda Mostly
Welp, let's not go there.
How's the weather for you foreign twits?
pony
cold and wet
Not cold enough, Jaymeow.
Pretty awesome you foreign twat.
Goddamn islands.
ello everypony :$
Jmo boring been rain a day or two ago no snow anymoe
Its winter, but it still feels like fall.
I'm having lovely hot weather with 38C.
Listen everyone, I'm sorry for the way I acted. I'm tired and depressed as of current. The last thing I want is the hatred of more. Oh and for the record. I wasn't attention horing. I was letting off steam like you told me to. But anyway. I need to relax and Once again I really apolagise.
Huzzah.
Knew that was coming.
trade places witha Ninjazz
xDDD
No matter how cold it wants to be in the morning, itll always be 85 afterwards
tl;dr
Jmo: doesn't SB have the most soft mane?
SuperBrony64, i see you banned someone
How..would I know..?
Jmo, you and me both. Little kids are quite predictable.
/me slaps SuperBrony64 around a bit with a large trout
well at least you apoligized
They are.
wakey wakey SuperBrony64
I'm not a little kid. And I'm sorry. I wasn't thinking.
Not a little kid, has kid in his name.
LERGIC FLEW AWAY HURRR
SpeccyRush, do it. I'd hate it at first, but the cold powers me.
All I ask is that we put this behind us and just forget.
Cold... cold and dark, it goes on forever
Then just fucking drop it.
^
SuperBrony64 deed
I've seen a 30 year guy with 'thathalokid'
Like stealing candy from a baby. Really hard the older they are
legendary_brony, Micheal Jackson syndrome.
eh
Ok.
How much would a Ferrari 250 GTO be in real life?
Too much for you to be able to buy.
a lot of bits
:D
berberborscing, more than your mothers paycheck.
possibly millions
Dayum, this bitch is expensive
Nope.
300k?
even more than all our paychecks combined
All I want is just everyone to forget this happened. Once again I suffer from deep depression and sleep deprivation. And yes I have tried to kill myself several times. I wasn't being mature and I am sorry.
ok
I WANT ATTENTION, GIMME IT.
>wants everyone to forget it.
>brings it up 3 more times.
^
forgive and forget
Approximately 25-40 million dollars.
Oi. It's a two way street.
If you want everyone to forget, quit bring it up. It's not that hard, my gosh.
Ninjazz, like your moth- wait bad joke.
You can see my messages?
NO WAY.
/me gasps
AWH|Sleeping Exactly
/me slaps SuperBrony64 around a bit with a large trout
wakey wakey SuperBrony64
AWH|Sleeping It's that simple
thats new
you guys woke AWH up with the fighting :( lol
He's in a deep sleep, let him wake up later
Just randomly woke up and read logs from when I first went to sleep and holy hell
Holy hell... that is an oxymoron.
^^
Must be the new year coming in that's got everyone on edge
Let's all make oxymorons!
Hugging to death!
AWH|Sleeping: this is what happenes here when you sleep :D
Wait. Why am I even phased in this situation? I'm surrounded by morons who are insulting me? Well been here before.
Not just morons.
sleep? nah
That isnt an oxymoron.
AWH|Sleeping Go to sleep again. No point in reading all that stuff when you could use more time to sleep
OXYmorons!
morons?
>fuels the fire more.
>expects everyone to forgive.
i'm no moron!!
TheRandomkid321: i'm not insulting you or being a moron
Moron or mormon?
You know what? Don't forgive me. I don't care.
That's the spirit.
You can think ALL you want of me.
Hi!
i dint say anything
AWH|Sleeping: i agree with killerpony7733
Do horses eat meat?
But I know that only people who care will get to know me.
...
execpt this
TheRandomkid321, ok calm down
wake up SuperBrony64
no sleepies yet SuperBrony64
I saw a stallion / colt eating bacon
hay bacon
11,02Awww...didn't win the OUYA Dev console :<
that would be baconmane
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fFMzDPbtdAg
You've been spared a terrible fate SuperBrony64
Rejoice
11,02Panda: No YouTube links during stream please.
Oh shoot. You are streaming?
11,02Yes
You claim to think I'm an attention whore. If I am have you noticed that you're feeding me?
no stream SuperBrony64
Panda, SuperBrony64
Not that I am.
Shut up and piss off.
SuperBrony64: I have that game on Xbox 360,
You're starting to scream "Give me attention"
Sb, but nothing is one.
No... I like it here.
NocturnalBlade: refresh embed and press play
Drop. It.
Refresh muddafuckas
My emblem is a Slender Man one,
11,02JRP2234: Awesome emblem :3
AWH|Sleeping: ah, thank you ^_^
oh there it is.
:D
Jmo Wow... Just wow...
11,02JRP2234: Join a match
it searxching
SuperBrony64: Good luck trying to find A Brony!
hmmmm .......stream or sleep? .............fuck sleep
^
Loading the Justin.tv player in a frame is not allowed.
hey, what about me?
SuperBrony64 its taht time of the day where ts mostly ded
SB, forgive me, but I have work in the morning. :/ I wanna see your stream though.
aniderp|bestcakeever: Are you using Chrome?
he is streaming , just not here
aniderp|bestcakeever, copy the link and past it in the url
O
SuperBrony64 :/
http://www.twitch.tv/superbrony64?utm_campaign=live_embed_click&utm_source=www-cdn.jtvnw.net go here for the stream if u cant get it to pull up. sry for the link
I just noticed this website has bronies in it............WIN
I'm* going back the fuck to sleep. Night, everyone that's civilized.
11,02Don't use Chrome.
Blasphemy
/me is using chrome
omg
back
You know what? I'm sick of hiding my true thoughts out of fear of being banned. I hate Wrek! I feel as though he is an unfair moderator and yet everyone's too blind to see it... That felt good... I finally said it. I feel much better now.
13naturesfury: you seriously couldn't just use the link it gives you you had to paste the whole mess of url?
11,02Panda: It's alright :)
IT ACTUAL FOUND SOMTHING
Welcome back!
Jmo, see?
World record for beating Super Mario 64: 5 minutes and 47 seconds.
thanks
There is no hope for him.
thats insane
Jmo Ah think what you will mate.
eh, someone beat ocarina of time in less than 30 minutes
SB, he shot at you and you turned way.
away*
can the both of you stop?
SuperBrony64: I have BO2 On Xbox 360, Not Wii U
and Jmo, this isnt news.
NocturnalBlade Won't happen it'll stop when a mod decides to banhammer
wow its already 2
lol, stuff like this makes me wanna stream begone
NocturnalBlade, stay out of it.
i should get to bed
I don't care what you all think. I'm me and I'm happy to be so.
AWH|Sleeping Damnit go back to sleep
:D
I am, kp. Gawwwwsh
Yea, you two are right
SB actually got a kill.
SuperBrony64 no bars :/
*eats popcorn*
people beat games in 5min use glitches and/or save frames
AWH|Sleeping Good
nite AWH
And now it's time to do what I came here to do. Watch stream and have a friendly chat.
wrong map for an smg SuperBrony64
eh, I'll play spyro for a bit :p
Someone playing Blops? ;_;
2
SB: How good is the online for BO2 on WiiU?
;__;
11,02NocturnalBlade: Pretty good
xD
one bar
WTF
Just as bad as BLOP1
better than mw3
XD
Welp, that was fun to watch.
I am outro.
one DAM BAR
SuperBrony64
one
SuperBrony64: I wish i had a Wii U
Jmo, tell me how it goes~
i gave the middle finger to sleep
Outro of darkness, then redness, then whiteness
no
:>
Shizuka: thanks for explaning :>
stupid chat derp :P
NocturnalBlade, with the embeb
SuperBrony64, have you played blops 2 with the gamepad yet?
texasboykc09|zzz: eeyup
How goes what?
11,02Thumbs are too far apart
Hai guys
hai
ohai DitzyDerpy15
ello DitzyDerpy15
NocturnalBlade, that why i download a client on my phone and now on my computer
hello DitzyDerpy15
zzzzz
Ohai again DitzyDerpy15
to avoid that glitch
ooh BO2 on Wii U
let me say it again......hi
Body Odor 2?
I am 1st Prestige Level 55 on BO2 For Xbox 360.
11,02legendary_brony: Hi :)
WOOPS
ignor that
/me sighs
texasboykc09|zzz: i would but i'm just lazy lol
Back Off 2
Well BO2 on my PC finished installing a while ago. So bye mates. And I'm glad to say I will be back again...
hi
What's wrong aniderp|bestcakeever? :/
i have BO2 on my xbox
wubz in blops 2 menus
lel
11,02Later TheRandomkid321 :)
i have many accounts .-.
Me too Nocturnal!
a bunch of stuff...
Phase4, what causes that glitch in the chat embeb
Nighty night everypony~
Oh and once again. Sorry for how I acted earlier. Not that I care what you guys care to judge me on.
Bye TheRandomkid321
night Ponies47 :3
night Ponies47
bye
Goodnight Ponies47
I axxept your apology
11,02Night Ponies47 :)
nite Ponies47 and TheRandomkid321
Because if you are worth giving two fucks about you'd know the true me.
k...
SuperBrony64 CARRY ME!
He's got a lovely ban coming his way.
Wait, I have trouble understanding that sentence
Uboa-San: Fav gun?
/me leaps into SB's arms
Jmo, ikr
11,02o3o
Whichever i choose, Mine is the Vector K10.
SuperBrony64, whats your favorite gun
cool
dat lag
SuperBrony64 to lagy
one fucking bar
bye everypony
:/
nite texasboykc09|zzz
Any tips on how to level up fast on BO2?
Shoot stuff
^
Simple
silence in the chat for 5 minutes= the sun not shining
ded
Any tips on how to just do better in general? I really suck :D
Aw shit, my eyelids gave up on me!
Are there any Language Packs for Black Ops 2? Cuz i want to change my copy from English to Japanese,
Well, looks like I gotta go
told ya
bye
Watch Xbox Ahoy's videos if you want tips. Specially if you like hearing about the weapons n' shit.
bye guys ;~;
lol
Cynder cracks me up in DotD :p
bye
Ninjazz: What about the Language packs? My Sister only understands Japanese and is desperate to play BO2, She doesnt want to play on a language she doesn't understand
Uboa-San, if you're playing on a PC, get a patch or something. If you're playing on a console, idfk.
idkfk?
i dont f'in know
thats leaves a k
I just take down those UAV's with Black Hats
black hats?
hacking tool
i dont see 2 ks
ah
looks like a pda
Yes, becuase i dont want to waste my time using these Rocket Launchers, Too Old School
was thinking of an actual black hat
well i think ill call it quits
bye
have a beautiful time
Bye legendary_brony!
11,02Sorry, going to cut streaming short tonight, just not feeling up to it :)
Awwwww :(
Ok then SuperBrony64, have a good night :)
tnx for stream SuperBrony64 o3o
Thanks for stream anyway SB ^_^
/me gives SuperBrony64 a moo
/me Listens to 423 Ohm
/me plays with the moo :D
/me dies
/me uses a pheonix down on aniderp|bestcakeever
dont save me..
im not worthy
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MmNAy6XpN7c
/me licks aniderp|bestcakeever's corpes :<
Mmmm corpses
<.<
>.>
and then the shitest person in the world got back on
11,02I'll go ahead and keep streaming :)
sorry for losing my head
/me hugs penguin
/me casts raise on the dead chat
nah, no hugs
/me is dead and will never be thought of again
i come on, i say sorry and then i never come back. its been a pleasure
bye
Hehe, welcome back SuperBrony64 :P
11,02moo :3
Welcome back! :)
dat SB Xbox
Is it only chrome that cant stream twitch in the site?
Chrome and Safari
^Yeah those
Eh, not worth getting firefox for just that
but firefox is the master race
Its slow as fuck
^Lawl nope
Damnit
You ruined it
and a god damn memory hog
Hehe, here comes another internet browser war :$
Chrome and FireFox kill my netbook. Either has my loyality because fuck IE.
IE is best browser >_> <_<
HAH.
Stop the War!
Also my computer had the worst anti virus software when I got it
Fuck Norton
Piece of shit
SuperBrony64: Fus Ro Moo?
Well chat died...
Not anymore!
ewww IE
Kill it!
/me Turns off Electricity to stop the War
The Electricity*
War....War never changes
Oh great, Here comes the BEN Posts
That was a fallout quote
<.<
Ah Nights when he/she wasnt shit
I just noticed its 4:40 in the morning so i shall be off to bed :D Good night guys, and thanks for the streams
going to bed, night
SuperBrony64: When is gonna be the next Stream?
11,02Uboa-San: Why?
When you feel like it, You can livestream, I am not forcing you
11,02Something wrong with my current stream now? :P
hELLO :>
SuperBrony64: Mine still says Offline
mINE IS GOOD.
Oh, now it's online
Whats that Game?
Sorry. Caps lock.
Am I the only one who thinks Caps lock is pointless?
it is kind of strange
Night!
SuperBrony64: Whats the game Called?
And SUperbrony appears to be playing the most repetative game ever.
TheRandomkid321: You mean NiGHTS Into Dreams?
Well there was one really repetative part.
Which one is it?
Also not sure if its my computer but the video seems to get really blurry
All of them... it appears to just repeat.
Mine too,
It's the stream quality I think.
Twitch doesnt like fast motion aperently
I remember one Nights game was really bad
Dunno about you guys but tbh this gameplay doesnt look all that interesting
What..the fuck is that
11,02Uboa-San: NiGHTS into Dreams... :)
11,02Crud...even with breaking records I didn't beat my overall score :/
For Xbox 360, Right?
11,02And PS3 too
11,02But yeah, this is on 260
11,02360*
What are you gonna do?
I thought it was on the 063 >.>
Oh noes zombehs
Oh gods no
Kinect- the poor mans excuse to motion controls
11,02Ohai Uboa-San :3
I accepted, :)
11,02yay :3
/me hits her head on the wall
Happy?
I have that Game!
lol
Really...fucking meme
/me slams her head on the table
/me hugs aniderp|bestcakeever :)
aniderp|bestcakeever: stop that
SuperBrony64 minecraft
Reading Elder Scrolls is bad for your health.
i has mnineraft
Me too!
i hurt inside
?
/me hugs aniderp|bestcakeever
ello bronystate :)
hey there SirWrathy :)
IE Doesnt have Flash Silly!
/me burst out of aniderp|bestcakeever 's ches
*chest
ah no XBL stream ception T~T
brb,
11,02Have to end it short here, need to do something
11,02Sorry :(
its okay SuperBrony64 :)
Ok, thanks for the stream SuperBrony64
I joined at the end :<
chat freeze?
Nope
...
So...
Night everyone
Silence is due to either being night time for some early morning for others. etc
Again sorry for my overreaction earlier... Just have alot of stuff going on.
Just forget about it TheRandomkid321 and move it, it is all in the past.
move on*
Right, right.
So is that Planetside 2 100% free or is it a TF2 sorta thing they got going on?
Usual micro transaction business, yes. Nothing is free.
I assumed so...
TheRandomkid321, it's a drag for certs >.>
Pardon AdamTheDuck?
certs being the ingame "currency" for weapons and unlocks
short for certificate points
Meaning yes it's free and all, but unlocks take time... Lots of it...
Gets quicker with boosts
^ yeah paying is a shortcut
hi
Hello Karonia
wahtcha doin
AdamTheDuck It's more like convience. Yes you get it quicker with boosts but anyone get the same amount as long as they work alot and keep a decent xp rate up
Practicing how to use a flingstick to pilot jets Karonia >.<
Can't say it's going well
AdamTheDuck Also new lock on rocket lawnchair out it's dual lock on for both air and ground but less damage then any other lock on though
killerpony7733, I know
what time is it for you guys for me it's 4:30
11:22 AM
21:22
where are you guys
then
I'm in the contenental U.S
Denmark or central europe for non specific location
Anyone else in the chat other thn us?
Australia
Hi guys!
So are we the only 3 in the chat or at least chatting
4
Hello mk_cactus
Hello friend
So only 4 of us
Is the chat asleep again?
Seems so mk_cactus
Pretty much cactus
Wactha wanna talk about
I don't know...
Grand Theft Auto
? :)
I don't play with that
Ohai guys.
Hi Derpy15!
Sup Ditzy I know you
...
o/o
...
From the stream
Ohai DitzyDerpy15
ik..
...
WHAT
ik 2
Black Ops 2 again..?
What?
lol
lol wht?
:d
brb eat... FISHHEADS
:D
(\/) (;,,; ) (\/) Ziodberg emotico
emoticon
okay, i think the chats dead
BYE!
Nooooooo...
Oh sorry
Noooooooooooo... what?
The dead chat -> Nooo
11,02o3o
Sorry
anyone there?
Hello?
Hello
Hi
Watcha wanna do?
Maybe playing LoL or just make a vector
What
Hi, im back btw. :D
Hello friend
Hi Arcium!
Im back!
Hi
Soooooooo Whats going on?
The chat is dying...
Nuthin really the chat is dead
Cactus
SuperBrony64: So i see you are away on Xbox, But i can wait!
Karonia: hm?
Good morning Bronystate
Maybe this will helt the chat : http://derpy.me/rmqRR
Good morning Gold_Demona
Whats hm mean?
help#
11,02Uboa-San: hehe, well, I'm doing stuff and just leaving my Xbox on in the background :P
just a question about what do you want.
http://derpy.me/2bGmR ^^
LOL
nvm
Thats hilarious
I got ponies for Chrsitmas. =D
/me cries
i think the chat is alive now
/me pats aniderp|bestcakeever's back "There there"
Sort of
Now tell us what is upsetting you :<
i feel sick
aniderp|bestcakeever: nOOO
aniderp|bestcakeever: You must be poisioned o.o, xD
I'm back
Shockwave crashed
I also feel sick
and i dont feel good emotinanlly
im back from eating fisheads.. *burp*
I woke up annoyed today
Boi do I know that feel.
Fishheads are delicious, so are babies
o.o
lol
maybe i shoudl just eat something im allergic to :\
Sounds fun
Are you allergic to babies
If so you cn eat one
aniderp|bestcakeever, o.o That is a bad idea
peanutrs/peanut butter
/me burst out of aniderp|bestcakeever 's ches
*chest
i just remembered there's some old vinyls in the cupboard in the other lounge at home
Why should you eat something you're allergic to...?
i might go see what they are when i get home.
cause im depressed
That just doesn't sound like a good idea at ANY time
i feel like i lost my happy side ;_;
Gonna play LoL so bye for a few minutes...
What? Because you're depressed? Seriously? That's you're logic behind having to purposely eat something that will certainly make you sick?
Why am I on bronystate at 4:40 in the morning?
aniderp|bestcakeever You must have encountered a Dementor
SpadeKyurem[WoW]: Wow! Somebody who's further west than me and is up at the same time as me XD
all it would do is close my throat a bit then i would need water/..
SpadeKyurem[WoW] Because you love us.
aniderp|bestcakeever: That's still a really stupid idea.
too far from 7:00 AM D:
mayne i should just eat the ziti i heated up
aniderp|bestcakeever: Purposely causing harm to yourself is NEVER a good idea.
Why are you sad
I don't understand how that even enters people's minds to do...
Why would ANYONE think that's a good idea?
>you realise rarity didn't get an episode in 2012
hue
It's not gonna make you feel any better.
:|
So it's completely pointless
Why ani why are you sad
https://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1356688624976.png
/me isn't in a good mood. Can ya tell?
Raritoast is best toast
North Korea is best Korea
Gold_Demona: Nonsense. Twilight Toastle is best toast.
Um...
i feel alone, like no one is here for me when i really need it
WHy
i wanna cry..
Why
aniderp|bestcakeever: What does that make us? Chopped liver?
i feel an empty feeling inside of me..
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=7xtC5S_tza4
/me gives Gold_Demona a muffin
Chopped Liver is best liver
aniderp|bestcakeever: might wanna get some sandpaper for those edges
Karonia: No liver is best liver... *hates liver*
Actually, I take that back. Functional liver is best liver
Liver that's still inside the body and doing its job'
/me grumpily noms muffin
Derpy's Math Class x3
Fuck Muffins
That's not what you do to muffins. =/
Fuck as in hate
You eat them
i do eat them they are pretty good
Muffinz are aresome u should leave here if you dont like dem D;
XD
;~;
That is an interesting lightning bolt you got there, stream.
:I sure is
I'll give you a scrap for it.
o.o
I tried going to the URL but didnt see anything
k.
There's no stream right now, that's why
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4RccigIg3o
Racist barn, racist barn! 1, 2, 3, 4.
Dema laying down the artillery this morning.
Gnarly.
and also this..
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aiyifr13ZJs
ohai Mojay
Allo Madam
/me licks Jmo
Yeah I'm grumpy right now. >=C
/me gives Gold_Demona a pillow to hug :<
Aye, what just happnd.
/me uses pillow as punching bag
D:
can i have pillow?
GUYS CHECK THIS OUT HHAHAHAAH http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wA31T5_QJtY
/me gives pillow to aniderp|bestcakeever
You monster, that pillow was a day from retirement D:
-cries in pillow-
Can I have the pillow
No, I want it!
/me growls
no no no
20 laughs lol
stop the early roleplay too ;~;
/me feels like she gonna vomit
/me gives aniderp|bestcakeever a bucket :<
-has bucket by mouth-
ew
uhh if youre wondering... im gonna go poop lol
ok
ew
lol jk XD
BRB guys
ok
IM VERY VERY VEYR ANGRY
Would you like some WATAR to go with your BUTTAR
/me approves
can i have crackers?
/me passes aniderp|bestcakeever some crackers
Bye guys!
Can I talk about how somebody won't have a season 3 episode?
:O
/me slaps pony_196286 with BUTTER
time to get drunk
-takes the crackers-
*slaps back*
SuperBrony64
/me pony_196286 dont know the function to this XD
/me approves
What's new all?
Ohai fluffle
*pony_196286 slaps DitzyDerpy15
XD
/me slaps pony_196286 with BUTTER
Mmm butter
/me clings to adam and cries some
:<
Don't cry aniderp
/me licks aniderp|bestcakeever :<
/me parachutes into the chat
/me tackles Kipkat07_Scarf
Who are you and what is this place? :[
-falls off-
Why was I promised cake? :[
Sometimes when I play games on my computer, I like to pretend Im a mod and I am streaming to the chat so I provide commentary on the game.
The cake is a lie?
/me hugs Gold_Demona
/me hugs aniderp|bestcakeever
:O but we do have a lot of Pie
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cg24Lx2lhG4&list=LLF7smc0TDtWWIknqKADKOUw
fluffle: So the cake is a pie?
hello everypony
Gah
I spent half an hour on skyrim talking to myself before I remembered that Im not a mod and I am not talking to anyone but myself
pie, I don't want pie, I was promised cake >.>
The cake is a spai! D:<
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Libic29tjbs&list=LLF7smc0TDtWWIknqKADKOUw Pizza Time
Good morning everyone :)
TFW you are taking a bath to relax and you get a nose bleed so violent that you pass out in a literal pool of blood
Mornin' MLP_Brovakiin
good morrow MLP_Brovakiin
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfpEhIQhUxc&list=LLF7smc0TDtWWIknqKADKOUw
t'was not fun to wake up in a bath tub filled with your own blood
Ouch... :I
It can be
Is chat deserted?
t'was a nosebleed so I didnt feel pain
05ow my head
XAX, Ping
but still scary as hellz
Phase4, pong
paint with you blood next time
/me gives Wrek a pillow, ice pack, heat pack, and a cup of tea
Wrek: What happened? O.o
did I do good?
05i woke up
Ohai Wrek
hi Wrek
<_< Racist barns painted in zebra blood >_>
Am I the only one who doesn't think that's funny?
Nope.
Nope
Ok, good
I killed the chat :P
Hi
Heya SpadeKyurem[WoW] :)
Hi guys.. again bcuz i disconnected
Welcome back DitzyDerpy15 :p
hai MLP_Brovakiin
05i still cant hear the racist
05people are hearing waht they want to hear
05so the fandom is now racist
05great
Yeah same here Wrek
Can't hear it
when was there racism
Or it is just people being childish and adding profanity into everything for fun :p
05where was gondor when the fandom said the barn was racist
:D
oh. right. racist barn.
05btw guys
05if you enjoyed dungeon keeper
05and is pissed at EA for not making a 3rd
Sometimes I play Skyrim and do commentary as though I were a mod. I like the thought that people care about what I say
You said that before, quit seeking attention.
hey guys
Ohai alexxm
anyone here know calling all dawns?
the album
hiw've you been AdamTheDuck
Jmo: I did? I must be losing my memory :<
alexxm, awesome, I got more ponies for my desk XD
thats been happening a lot actually...
Kipkat07_Scarf: dont worry about it. I usually tell the same stories to the same people all the time
is there a stream
alexxm, awesome, I got more ponies for my desk XD
alexxm, not at the moment
Phase4: who's that?
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
well until a few minutes ago i smelt of dog
Dark_Horst, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QR_rKSTM43I :P
well, i know i heard that before
Im going to bed its almost 6 am here....
Bye SpadeKyurem[WoW]
Dark_Horst, Civ VI menu theme :P
Hi everypony! :3
Welcome back alexxm
and hello newlifer
computor derped
Heya newlifer :)
how are things newlifer
Planetside 2 with the NLP outfit in a nutshell http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TY6f5nKkvIU
alexxm, good! really good! :3 almost all exams r passed
and you? :3
i'm, mewlifer
meow-lifer :3
i think i feel bit better
/me gives aniderp|bestcakeever a cupcake to nom :>
Heya aniderp|bestcakeever :)
/me rolls around
Im tired...
/me jumps on Kipkat07_Scarf and gives Kipkat07_Scarf a good old cuddle :>
apparrently caffine has no affect on me because I just drank a Monster and a coffee and I feel like passing out
You shorten your life with those things...
I dont drink this,
Srsly dude. Death in a can.
effect
See he ded.
I drink monster for mid-terms and finals but I didnt sleep so I drank one
05im havign stomach pains
05like
05physical paisn not pains of nasuea etc
Hey I'm Ben!
/me gives Wrek peelz
You went out for a run or something Wrek? If not eat anything strange?
o.o
05havent run
05havent eating anythign strange
It seems everyone is having pains of some sort tonight
05en'
Huh...
Wrek: I think it's something going around, my whole family is down with gut pains this week.
Except Me,
I havent ran in about a month
and last time it was out of fear
I just seen the Elegy, Probably my Imagination, Guess it will not happen again
Wrek: I just had HORRIBLE stomach problems. Its global man. T'was in my family and my school
Wrek, and aniderp|bestcakeever seems to be having them too o.o
so... tired... *falls over* must... stay... awake...
ever since I started high school I havent pulled a sucessful all-nighter. It drains me.
think I can put off an already late lab report one more day to sleep?
Kipkat07_Scarf, pfft sleep
Kipkat07_Scarf depends... If I do it in my school I get an F
who needs it
05hah
05rewad the newspaper
05they had a "new words in sweden 2012" type thing
051 was brony
xD
wow
Hello
Ohai TheRandomkid321
hello The_Greener
TheRandomkid321 I ment sorry
Lil_B: I was sick the day it was due and I have had bad stomach and intestinal problems so I can e-mail it to her and just explain that I was horribly sick and then just attach teh report in the e-mail
Heya Lil_B and/or TheRandomkid321 :)
I just had a sudden realisation...
Ohai Lil_B :P
Kipkat07_Scarf I usually have to proof that I was ill in that cases via a Signature of the Doctor
I can see the morning sun... so beautiful on the dew soaked leaves.
TheRandomkid321, the earth is round, there is no up or down?
thanks MLP_Brovakiin and AdamTheDuck :)
No... I'm denying it but I think it's true...
Lil_B: the 400000 other sick kids in my school can vouch for me and I have proof from the nurse at my school
I think I may be an attention whore... No, I can't be...
Kipkat07_Scarf well, inm that case you have to pray and hope for ther best :P
I can't be...
or CAN YOU?
DUN DUN DUUUUUUUN
No, I hate attention whores...
i want fuzzy socks
/me watching Indcie Game: The Movie
why does this >Movie starts with an SNES controller?
/me gives Kipkat07_Scarf a pair of socks
No I'm not... can't be...
/me reads Anthology: The Tale
/me eats the socks
AdamTheDuck Am I an attention whore?
no
Kipkat07_Scarf, you have no say in this as you weren't present in the previous events.
Are we seriously going to go over this shit again?
Jmo This is not related to earlier events... That's behind us and we shall never speak of it again.
Oh yeah I'm real sure about that.
It's basically my whole life...
if you walk around holding a giant exclamation point you are an attention whore\
Actually No, I don't think I am. Oh and hello Jmo.
goddamn are you people STILL going on about that?
TheRandomkid321, just leave it behind and work on the present >.>
If I was I would be posting things like "I'm ugly. Why can't I be hawt!?!" Well. I am ugly but that's besides the point. ANd no we are not. That's in the past.
and damn I need sleep
goodnight everyone
05ok refresh
I consulted with my magic geekball and I think WIN means forget about that situation so yeah.
Oh God damnit Wrek
11,02i cold o~o
why do you do this to me?
FUCK IT. I am too tired. Going to sle-Wrekstream? FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
/me cries and stares at the stream
so... tired....
SuperBrony64: one of the cows just had a calf .-.
11,02y u live so far from me wrek? ;~;
/me gives SuperBrony64 a blankie
11,02XAX: Moooo? o3o
SuperBrony64: it just stood up .-.
/me noms on the blankie
minimoo
11,02XAX: Where? :D
SuperBrony64: erm... here
11,02daaaaw
I'm at my aunt and uncles farm for xmas and the few days after.
awww XD
11,02you take pics? :)
lol
Hello wrek.
tis a mini moo
SuperBrony64: It happens to be 1:39am. I'll get around to pics when daylight.
All teh baby moos \:3/
youtube pootis was made before tf2
11,02tell them not to sell it to AdamTheDuck ;^;
SuperBrony64, I'm sorreh /).(\
y?
SuperBrony64, mini moos were so delicious /).(\
11,02he eats mini moos ;A;
D:
Don't look at me! I'm a mosnter! /).(\
aww yeah good music, now i can draw!
SuperBrony64: i will buy you a baby moo
11,02:D
and
little tortured baby cow'
11,02i wanna name it 'moo' :3
name it moo
hai SuperBrony64 :D
moo tthe moo :D
11,02hai :D
mew
mew teh moo
11,02moo moo ^-^
So, whats next in the wrek sessions?
moo says moooo
methinks fallout
11,02MewMoo o.o
:)
05äwesome!
05this chicken noodle soup cleared my clogged nose
moo the moo says moo!
/me moos at Wrek
Moo
11,02don't get sick wrek ;^;
Wrek: I liek chikn newdle supe
Moooooo
Wrek: clogged noses are annoying. :c
mooooo
XAX: Yes, they are
Wrek: DEAR GOD MY SPELLING O.O
I need to do one more thing consulting the earlier events. Sorry about anything I said about you earlier wrek. I was tired and depressed then.
i think my first youtube video will have a moo
D:
11,02o.o
/me enters stream and immediatly starts headbanging
SuperBrony64: You should send your moo video to libman-chan :3
and lots of happy moo will like it
I have a billion videos planned for youtube. I have none that I have even began to make.
05oh btw i freed my chedule up
but... i dont think i have any moo D:
05i can take euronight for once
11,02XAX: She'll think I'm weird then /)~(\
horay
That being a problem, SB?
11,02She won't liek meh ;~;
nonsense SB
moo
nay
11,02moo ;3;
Only one way to find out, SB.
Only ONE way.
Ess bee, weird? No way
mfw when I have to use the bathroom but I am on the computer but I am on a laptop: http://poolriah.files.wordpress.com/2011/07/picard-yes.jpg?w=450
11,02yfw we don't have bathrooms in the future
Moooo! ^-^
11,02MLP_Brovakiin: Moooo ^-^
/me hugs the silly SuperBrony64 ^-^
/me hugs MLP_Brovakiin back :3
11,02i liek the cows that go moooooo :3/
Mooooooooo
Mooooo! \:3/
i like the cows who go meow
11,02mini moo eater ;3;
;~;
11,02they don't get a chance to moo ;^;
Ess bee stahp, I promise not to eat any more babeh moos /).(\
11,02okies ;u;
/me hugs AdamTheDuck
Ohai Wrekvoice
/me Breaks the fourth wall
11,02u can eat ducks though o-o
Yay Foalout New Pegasus
/me noms on Uboa-San
SuperBrony64, I had duck once, don't think I liked it as much as other meats .-.
11,02Too lean
11,02and dark
I broke the fourth wall, You cant stop me
And not enough of it damnit.
It's like chicken without the fun.
11,02I can hug you :D
I've never had duck. Only bird I've had are chicken and turkey.
/me hugs Uboa-San
mfw when Im sick and it hurts to use the bathroom http://cl.jroo.me/z3/P/u/u/d/a.aaa-Cute-sad-cat-look.jpg
I haven't had turkey before .-.
I've had pidgeon
aww
I eaten venison before.
11,02bambi? ;~;
yes, he was delicious
SuperBrony64, ;~;
hallo everypony o.o
bumbis mum
So much mourning in this chat tonight
Ohai LightTrooper105 ;~;
Ive eaten eel, squid, octopus, basically anything fish I will eat if it is sushi
why are you people crying?
11,02i go sleepies now -u-
/me slap AdamTheDuck with tissue
Goodnight SuperBrony64, sleep well ^-^
Goodnight SuperBrony64|Zzz
I sent my sincerest apologies to Wrek concerning earlier events. If I get banned so be it. I was foolish and a mods decision in final.
/me gives SuperBrony64 a bed and a blankie
night SuperBrony64|Zzz
go sleeps
HeLLo
TheRandomkid321, just stop talking before something bad happens again >.>
TheRandomkid321, about the events of the past I mean
what game is that O.o
BillY, Fallout New Vegas
^
Oh
AdamTheDUck Well at least I learnt how to start a category 5 shitstorm. Might come in handy later in life.
laptop shut off D:
it wanted me to get ready i bet >.>
aniderp|bestcakeever, D:
/me electricutes aniderp|bestcakeever's laptop
o.o
/me Does the same to AdamTheDuck
I cannot spell tonight ;~;
must be those tears AdamTheDuck
Come hunting season, when I go into the garage to get some pizza, there are times where my brother is gutting a deer. My reaction? "Nice deer." Then I eat delicious pizza.
or Wrek stopping me from sleep LightTrooper105 :P
I called both of them AdamTheDuck
does it require a Beast Pc?
Ohai LightTrooper105.
BillY, not really
/me slaps Ninjazz with muffin knife
LightTrooper105, can you increase your mic volume?
oops
like average?
Wrek, can you increase your mic volume?
lol
I'm going to need a bandage for that one.
I registered my nick so nopony could impresonate me
i had to take my headset to hear Wrek
/me sprinkles some gunpowder in his food and noms it
BillY, it's not a demanding game, and there's further mods if you still lag
you can mod it? nice
I feel like playing New Vegas again
LightTrooper105, ikr...
BillY: steam workshop is a wonderful thing
LightTrooper105: me too
Kipkat07_Scarf, no, nexus is
indeed
Yeah agreed
abit too loud..
too loud!
Wrek, o.o
ow...
Kipkat07_Scarf, there's no Steam workshop for New Vegas
Too bad fallout and skyrim isnt multiplayer. T'would be a sight to behold that
its good
/me 's ears are bleeding
AdamTheDuck: awww
/me dispenses a bandage to pyrocatboy
I wish they had steam workshop for New Vegas
Wrek, no Ranger Sequoia? :<
*sings* big iron on his hip...
I love that revolver
Ahh ok
oh open world :D
I has returned with iec creim
Kipkat07_Scarf All of the Th'uums that would result from a multiplayer Skyrim
pyrocatboy: FUS ROMG
Im still waiting for new DLC for Skyrim..
LightTrooper105: There has been 3 now :p
Im waiting for Dragonborn DLC for the PC lol
The next Skyrim DLC will allow you to fly a dragon won't it?
Oh okies :3
that what it said
I've seen video footage
It would be fun though. Have roving gangs of players and some lone wolves who pick off stragglers with bows
/me jams on a acoustic guitar
so I'll be leave my horse and fly with dragon!
TheRandomkid321: Yeah you can, I was doing it earlier :3
I take it you play on XBOX
lots would fight for control of the throat of teh world
hows the flying MLP_Brovakiin?
Not that good :I
Kipkat07_Scarf It would probably end up like DayZ though
urgh DayZ...
Day Z?
how so? One dominant gang murdering everyone else?
a mod for Arma2
Daisies?
I know what Day Z is
which is going to be a stand alone game now..
Multiplayer skyrim would be decent...
/me sings "Johnny Guitar"
there will be MMORPG for Elder Scroll
/me sings it shamelessly
/me turns LightTrooper105 into a Slowpoke
what I do? o.o
LightTrooper105 Its old news. Like year old news
that I know
Drug Dealer!
Skooma?
Ninjazz, XD
^^
anyway, sleep, I need it
S-s-skoooomaa.
night AdamTheDuck
Goodnight, enjoy the stream guys :P
Nacht Adam.
/me pulls out his Nightengale Bow and Ebony Arrows and hides in a tree, picking off random bandits
Goodnight AdamTheDuck :)
Bull. Shit.
Ricky must have been a Internet Tough Guy
pyrocatboy: yep
STELLA!!!!!!!!!
o.o
Who is your favorite NPC in Skyrim?
Meeko
none
Cisero.
Oh however you spell his name.
I had no companion in Skyrim
M'aiq the liar :D
Ninjazz: I sent his ass to prison
till Dawnguard
Should have killed him.
Aela the Huntress is my favorite.
I hate the Companions
/me backhands pyrocatboy
Is this a DLC?
yes
What was that for Kip!?
i used to live in Salt Lake City
pyrocatboy: companions are pimps
yup
Kip But they are fanfiction hogs! Wherever I look, most Skyrim fanfiction is about the Companions! There is so much in Skyrim that doesn't center on the Companions.
they are kewl tho
*cool though
Glory for the Empire!
/me backhands pyrocatboy
NO. Keep your damn empire out of Skrim's busoness
*Skyrim's business
But I like my Argonioan maids!
THey are so lusty!
hehe
Good with spears too.
ok...
companions have sexehest mares
yeah, if you like the smell of wet dog
oh damn... thats low but good.
and I INSTANTLY misenterpret "wet dog"
damn brain.
what did you think it meant?
nothing...
pervert...
...
/me starts beating a dead horse
Fuck you perv brain...
im going to eat dinner now... brb
k
cu
guys.. guess what im looking at on amazon :D
Far Cry 3
babies
skyrim
no..
the amulet of Mara?
the lord of the place!
the god of bronystate
The Mods?
no
gyrobowl
but.... they are teh gods
But what about gak?
hehe
why is it listed in baby?
because ponies
My family has TWO gyrobowls
i has 0
pimp-boy 6900
I try to act mature but inside I still retain some immaturity
don't we al
*all?
Back!
owie
teh shrooms
lalw
Teddy Bear Of Death!
slow chat is slow and im content with it
05goan grab a sammich!
Breaktime!
SAMMMICHHHHHH
hyrule historia
the special one is coming in february
i clicked for the thing to notify me when its avaiable
05this storebought baked bread is so fresh its still warm :D
tfw ^ http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/250x250/25740152.jpg
/me dies
ded
05we also bought soem vanilla filled buns
05also still warms
yous makin meh nom hungry
Wrek: Why is Freeze?
05Uboa-San: it does so when i tab
Wrek: What are the Wrek Sessions
?
05its whenever I stream
Wrek: What will be your reaction when Anti-Bronies hack the Stream?
Morning or whatever.
so , is that water not toxic
Hi everypony?
hi
KrazyNoobs: Hello!
I am down by 60 IQ points after spending an hour on /mlp/,,,
how are things KrazyNoobs
Well, I'm happy I'm here.
lol, crippple him
...
i wonder what that fruit taste like
hi everypony.
hi
what is this...
fallout
3
Fallout New Vegas
yep, this pegasister doesnt know anything about that xD
realy?
I'm back
im dying
and he loves to play games
probably he knows about all of this
in fallout 3, i hate going to that neighborhood full of caniballs, at least i saved the children
I can do pony art okay, but the legs always look awkward.
Yes there is, and it regularly destroys Tokeo.
does someone know spectradash anyway? xD
guess what time it is ;_;
wat
work
5:55 here
wat o' clock?
yes
bai ;_;
my bro once made ''my little skyrim'' (ytpmv)
bai freind
pegashy: SpectraDash is your brother?
yep?
:O
...
i wonder wat movies we will watch today
it's nothing special..
Neither are you with your attention seeking.
i loved last weaks movies
wait what?
I was just talking with someone..
Sorry, do you need me to repeat?
That B movie made me groan by just looking at the picture.
Jmo: She just is asking, she isn't boasting about it or anything.
So screaming 'Hey my brother is famous and I'm her sister' isn't boasting or seeking attention.
I can really see your head is screwed on right.
Bravo.
his*
"love & tolerate"
AHAHAHA
Jmo Go to sleep, you sound cranky
But he is right you know.
Shush newfoal.
Love and tolerate is the joker card of the brony deck.
05whatever guise
yep
I only wanted to know if anyone knew my brother..
Jmo What did you just call me?
that's it.
But I do have a question
Why are there suddenly indians in Fallout?
DLC
I called you an orangutang, what do you think?
05Jmo stop being cranky pyrocatboy drop it aswell
Jmo: There is a difference between asking if anyone knows and bragging about it. She said, "My brother is a famous brony, do any of you know about him". IF she said, "Hey, I'm the little sister of THE SpectraDash", that would have been attention seeking.
Wrek ok
05pegashy no i dont know your brother
Wrek: One of his YTPMVs is shown here before every new episode.
Who cares
wait, do you hear that....hush...now...quiet...now, oh god run
05oh and KrazyNoobs stop fueling the file
05fire*
Wrek: I am just trying to be nice. :(
Jmo Oh Europeans. Ok I'll shut up now
okay... didn't expect my first visit in 3 months would be like this..?
05be what?
05late night any everyoens a bit cranky? :p
Not even cranky :I
hi Wrek
pegashy Welcome back to the Internet.
05jmo you're always cranky
it's 3 pm in here lol
not cranky here
Thanks for the comment darling.
9:05 am
Well perhaps you shouldn't of joined the chat talking about your famous relative when it had nothing to do with anything going on at that moment.
Jmo: hi
But that's just me.
6:05 am here
ded
damn bugs
well, just forget about that, okay? a 12 yr old with a jaw inflammation doesn't really deserve this right...
so is this whole DLC thing just Indians and wolves?
This chat is 14+, if you're 12 you shouldn't be here.
It's true.
ded
Does anypony else just love putting black pepper (The kind in shakers) on pizza?
ded
i'd rather slather tobasco
sometimes
~~~ヾ(＾∇＾)おはよー♪
welp
(Good Morning!)
i like pizza
xD
What are we watching? :3
Fallout 5: Wigwam Jam
Fallout 2: Electric Boogaloo
hahahaha
its called "The Game"
Ｏ(≧∇≦)Ｏ MLP_Brovakiin that game is supposed to be really good!
Okies :p
ok, Movie is over, but it wasd a good Movie :3
SlenderManWoods I hate you
wat why?
ｶﾞ━━Σ(ﾟДﾟ|||)━━ﾝ!! SlenderManWoods
SlenderManWoods You made me lose The Game
oh your one of them
lol
Wrek: Find a bed and nap for an hour, it will heal you ^-^
Jmo: <:3 but they're somuch fun!
<:3<
headshot
05not in hardcore MLP_Brovakiin
Wrek: Oh sorry, I didn't know :I
le good night
bed for me
Goodnight JRP2234|Zzz :)
and car for you
theres a new slender game comeing out in september, its called " Slender The Arrival http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tenpLSKU-9U
dafuq... I didn't even knew I had the strolling Mr Toast Video downloaded... strange, I don't do drugs or alcohol... dafuq was on my mind?
.-.
what? :D
Lil_B You are high on ponies
SlenderManWoods: No video links please, there is a stream :)
is that...
damn bugs
A FORBIDDEN LINK?
oops sry
dun dun DUN!
SlenderManWoods: dayum, man, careful.
Hardore Banjo!
ok, that was a mistake never gonna do it again
Good morrow.
Ohai Meanwhile :)
these paswords are hard to figure out
/me glomps Meanwhile
good job
good dawn Meanwhile
(*≧▽≦)オハツでっす♪ (Nice to meet you!) Meanwhile
is that...
A FORIENG LANGUAGE?
...whoa.
AND WIERD ASS EMOTE SPAM?
I'll stop with the intense emotes now.
Morning, Meanwhile
05no its not Buytoast
(*≧▽≦) <- I don't think that is a language
alrighty then
what about those squggiles
05it is however not english
The language of weeaboo.
05but its not foreign
J
on the Internet, nothing is foreign
Jmo: Only when Its an emoergency!
the emoticon thingies were actually funny :P
Buytoast: I found them on a japanese emote site
but weird... :/
pegashy: thx
Wrek unpauses and we see a Gecko's head being shot. Classy.
Exploding gecko heads are the epitome of class.
at least it will be time soon to use the only chinese sentences I know, for new year :)
Lil_B: I actually found an emote for Happy New Year
Meanwhile And you would know that, being the very definition of classy, huh?
Lil_B: do you want me to post it?
:):):)
I'm sure somwehre this situation would be considered ironic.
Buytoast: which situation?
Of course, I don't go anywhere without my exploded gecko head. Why just last week I attended a delightful swaray with a fantastic exploded gecko head centerpiece.
I think Wrek saw my post, because he tipped the park ranger's hat
Meanwhile: *applauds*
does anypony else think the year goes by so fast..
No.
No one else thinks that.
What kind of weirdo are you.
pegashy: I didn't think so
pegashy I do
Meanwhile: Me?
05was actualyl checking if the key was under the hat pyrocatboy
pegashy: I do.
/me braces himself for a lot of hate
haters makes me stronger :3
EVERYPONY: How much snow is outside your house right now?
None.
I live on a damn island.
Midnight, 31C outside
none here
KrazyNoobs: Wowzers! That's...hot, right?
In the winter, it goes down to about 20C.
KrazyNoobs: Ok! I don't use Celcius, so I was a bit confused "orz
i dont have any snow at my place :)
hey all
hai
Hi trollhunter
/me hides from trollhunter
hay ho
wait, are you a hunter that's a troll or a hunter that hunts trolls?
what we watching
trollhunter: ( ^_^)/ Hello!
ENOUGH EMOTES *slaps self*
KrazyNoobs Acording to my phone, its -6C where I live (Michigan)
pyrocatboy: That's pretty cold in comparison to what I'm used to.
emotes are cool! :D
＼（＾ ＾）／ pegashy
lol
I need restedededs
ヘ(^_^ヘ) Dance with me, pegashy !
with a stranger? xD
Does anyone else like the guns of New Vegas over the ones in Fallout3?
Then go get some, TheRandomkid321.
DashWithRainbows: But streeaaam
pegashy: well, no
And?
You clearly said you need rest, now go get some.
DashWithRainbows: But stream!
do i know you then?
TheRandomkid321: Go to sleep, son.
:O
I am loving this song.:)
That isn't a good excuse, TheRandomkid321.
pegashy: possibly.
.____.
how..
Wait... New people... People I havn't met yet... I need to make a good impression unlike the last few I met... ANyway that's in th e past.
pegashy: just find some emotes and geddan
You just love poking the past, don't you?
You've failed already by being incredibly dull.
Damnit!
TheRandomkid321: Go to sleep
But I have dreams I don't like when I sleep... they confuse me...
:(
Then die of exhaustion.
TheRandomkid321: Tough toenails. Go to sleep
Exhaustion death ius bestest death
pegashy: dun cry
i wont
Okay depending on my current spelling and grammar I will determinme if I need rest
pegashy: dance
dont dance with sick me
TheRandomkid321: *determine
pegashy: online dance
*coughs*
pegashy: hands tissue
TheRandomkid321: Yes it does
thanks xD
http://www.sherv.net/cm/emoticons/trollface/rapper-dancing-troll-smiley-emoticon.gif Dance!
DANCE PARTY
05new vegas is an overall better game from a gameplay perspective than fallout 3 ever was
http://i.imgur.com/wEHAZ.gif
can't... move... a... single... muscle...
05the thign about fallout 3 though was its main story was very touchign and envolved you hard.
05and the setting
... Day 2 , today I started with 4 Raw potatos
pegashy: PUPPETMASTER COMMANDS YOU
damn, you stupid jaw.
\(^o^)/
it hurts so much, that my head is hurting too.
Take your jaw off.
pegashy: maybe you need some sleep
it
Oh Wrek did you gte my apoligy?
unhinge it fo a while
it's 3:38 in the afternoon
TheRandomkid321: *get *apology
I always found FO 3 more depressing
how can i take my jaw off xD
I'm back
pegashy: take a nap
Welcome back KrazyNoobs :)
TheRandomkid321: *shrugs*
KrazyNoobs: Hey hey hey!
pegashy: be a snake
but it's seriously like someone smashed my head or something o.O
-.- a snake? :P
pegashy: snakes can unhinge their jaw
the more you know
KrazyNoobs: pegashys jaw hurts, we are trying to get it off
for that i recommend an axe
TheRandomkid321: I wish
? what
Holy crap I just realised what my Ocs cutie mark should be!
pegashy: *shrugs* you said you were sick
TheRandomkid321: orly
what's IV
xD
lolol
*burning
pegashy its 4
pegashy: Intravenous
mine is a microphone with a halo and wings
I cannot choose an OC.
TheRandomkid321: alrighty then
I have drawn so many, I cannot choose.
Mine is a pencil
TheRandomkid321: Thats just fine
Oh no..
I need to draw my oc
Just heard "Putting on the Ritz"
Mine is the Wi-Fi symbol.
Barbetos: WHat?
fffffffffffff
ALso I liek burnhign things
Some of mine have a keyboard on it, some of them have screens with trollfaces on themmm...
Oh a trollface!
Trollface cutie mark.
TheRandomkid321: *Also *like *burning
That would actually be good.
RIP Troll guy
A burning Trollface... I like burning things and trolling.
If I was a pony, my cutie mark would be the Wi-Fi symbol
pyrocatboy: cool
oh i actually can't sleep
http://s3-ec.buzzfed.com/static/enhanced/terminal05/2011/12/19/15/enhanced-buzz-wide-24798-1324326349-36.jpg
TheRandomkid321 That sounds so tacky
there
because i wouldn't sleep at night then xD
Look at the time
Gotta fly
See yall later
SHites I meed tp g[ to bed npw byue mate.
c yaa
goodbai
xD
(^ _ ^)/~~サヨナラ
ouch!
Wrek: is that the ingame radio?
-.- this is gonna be a painfull week
i think i need a break
nice suitible music
Oh, and I think putting the fact that no spoilers are allowed up there at the top is a brilliant idea.
byebye everypony..
/me claps at whoever came up with that
Bye pegashy
can't stand the pain in my head anymore :'(
speech is key
pegashy: Well, hopefully, that gets better soon.
pegashy Nothing a bit of duct tape can't fix.
:|
/me moves the chat up by one line
hello everypony :)
bump
Hi BoroBrony
hi
pyrocatboy: careful here
1hitkill
hows all you sorry I havent been on had a busy few mouths :)
>busy few mouths
:D
Ohai BoroBrony :)
lol
:D :D
X)
how are things BoroBrony
XD
hi MLP_Brovakiin
must''ve been many months. i dotn recall that name
its all good alexxm I been romancing my girlfriend haha :)
BoroBrony: welcome back, though. :)
haha yeah meany Dark_Horst and thank you KrazyNoobs :) :)
:)
killcam 1
fallout shall i play some nahhh BATTLEFIELD 3 haha thats where its at lol :P :P
planetside 2
doooeeet
BUTTERFIELD3
/me throws muffins to the chat
/me get muffins
haha :D muffins om nom nom nom
Hello everypony, which one of you stoles the chickensaurus?
Does anyone else look at the /k/ (weapons) board on 4chan alot?
yaa, muffins
pyrocatboy: I only go on /b/ and /mlp/
am going to play ponymon :)
pyrocatboy: /k/ is one of them boards that hate /mlp/
pyrocatboy me too only /mlp/ :)
I just saw reading rainbow
did you see new pony thread symulator ?
Rocket: Yes
So the game is Skyrim, only with an mordern steampunk setting in an western countryside?
barter huita
KrazyNoobs homer's one ?
Rocket: xxHomerSimpsonxx or Splinix?
VenHur: fallout was first
I prefer Homer
:D
and its not steampunk
yeah i died of laugh
its atomicpunk
I was watching reading rainbow
steampunk FTW haha :D
who here plays on steam
Rocket: I am a frequent poster on /mlp/, but a good thread like the ones in the simulators come around half the time
I'm only that kind of games that owned free to play games.
So sorry, I only play TF2 and others.
pootis
STEAM i do SlenderManWoods
you should buy fallout. it's really worth it
KrazyNoobs i love this man who did zecora thread
cool
Rocket:Is it 0.19?
fallout is so good got all of them but i prefer it on my xbox :)
fallout 3 game of the year edition and fallout new vegas ultimate edition. they both enclude all five addons and cost about 15 and 20 bucks each
I using my new Rainbow Dash headphones from Hot Topic
that's a shit-ton of gameplay for few moneyz
horrifying
SlenderManWoods what games you got
cool, i got both rainbowdash and derpy from hot topic
Rocket: Oh, he made ANOTHER one? I'm watching it RIGHT NOW
there was a steam sale once that had fallout 3 GOTY for 7
SEVEN!
hot topic is awesome
maybe they'll do that again
ahahaha
Hot Topic
KrazyNoobs GO RIGHT NOW!
i got tf2, saints row 3 , dead space 2 and more
on steam
Rocket: I have to do it in the morning, sorry
Night everypony!@
:O
My sister doesn't like me being a brony but what does she know?
good night
ya
FIGHT THE POWER kidzrul732
bye troll
KrazyNoobs prepare for this, it will be awesome trip
2
I have to say, it's an nice game so far. I got up to Memory Block 4 so far.
bye trollhunter
kidzrul732 tell her: but everypony likes being brony
this chilling music
i told some of my mates i was and they all were and my girlfriend is so thats awesome she likes to cuddle up nd watch MLP am a right soppy bugger lol :) :) :)
lucky
BoroBrony i was surprised how many people around me watching mlp :o
wat the
Hello Bronystate! :$
Heya MadSurge! :)
hi Ms
hello MadSurge :0
:) * :D
i kmow i was lie so am not the only one was really funny Rocket also my girl found me watching it and said why am i watching it alone so she jumped on me and we watched it together glad she is also a brony and supports LUNA repubic :) :)
hi madsurge
hi MadSurge :)
BoroBrony she jumped on you ? :D
BoroBrony's girlfriend is best girlfriend
get some armor
http://i.imgur.com/jDhqV.jpg lookie what Perrydotto sent me for Xmas! :$
BoroBrony youre really lucky >w<
yes she did just attacked lol glad i was on my bed lol and thank you pyrocatboy she is so amazing she well she cosplays the mane six for me kinda hot haha :P :) :D :)
awesome
thank you Rocket :)
05awesoem MadSurge
MadSurge its yours?
Rocket: now they are :3
MadSurge oh ! how much did they cost ?
http://i.imgur.com/R8G7t.jpg http://i.imgur.com/wyNUr.jpg also posters :)
I got a load for like £10 haha love when shops have a closing sale :) :)
Rocket: they were a gift
/me suplexes MadSurge into boiling hot melted chocolate
nioce poster
Bronysith: no glitter? D:
Good morning :3
MadSurge i saw this somewhere >.>
ooooo Bronysith thats abit kinky covering him in chocolate lol :D
She also sent me a Pinklestia :D
morning Ponies47
Good morning Ponies47 :)
MadSurge i wish i could recive gift like that :)
Morning Brovakiin!
ahoy MLP_Brovakiin
Heya ask_Gamer_Trixie and Rocket :)
Rocket: I guess I'm lucky :$
mision complete
well i need to go for a little while time to go romance Laura my girl bye for now everypony :) :)
Later BoroBrony!
Bye BoroBrony :)
bye
BoroBrony bye
:) :) :) :) :)
dat emote spam
goddamn emote spammers
NO! Just realised today was Friday T^T. no wonder I'm watching Fallout and not ponies T^T
theres a special circle in hell for emote spammers
Bronysith is it called bronystate ? :D
/me pushes Bronysith into a vat of edible glitter
/me carries MadSurge in for some lovin
NUUUU D;
GLITTERDUST!
ugh, its like the studio is trying to promote clopping
morning, everypony :)
Hello Sylandest!
jeez this is a long cutscene
howdy MadSurge :)
hello Sylandest
D:
Ohai Scoot-Scootaloo :)
No MLG Fallout? :(
and mornin' y'all~
Scoot-Scootaloo: new vegas is hardcore
howdy Rocket :)
yellow Scoot-Scootaloo :)
testing testing 123
and howdy Scoot-Scootaloo :)
Hi Scoot-Scootaloo :3
The Armor! Get the Armor! D:
05i basically never use armor
How un-Pro :|
Scoot-Scootaloo: the NCR ranger armor is so mlg
Scoot-Scootaloo: check out some of my new vegas pics on steam
Hey Scoot-Scootaloo! :3
man
final fantasy dissidia is fun
yo~
Everyone is sleepy? :3c
Scoot-Scootaloo: cause of all the presents
nope chuck testa
I could still be sleeping but nah. :P
Ponies47 sleep is for weak ones :D
<_< milk
/me suplexes Rocket into space
i love horses:$
Good to know, Elis.
/me cover Bronysith into jelly
Horses are forbidden boy.
We don't show talking horses on this website
Hi Ponies47! :$
HORSES?
/me huggles MadSurge tightly
Someone is talkign about HORSES?!
talking*
oh no OH NO
Destroy him Scoot.
Yesh Scoot-Scootaloo HORSES.
Uncle Sam wills it.
Elis didn't know that now isn't the best time.
If there is one thing we hate worse than ponies, it's horses
Scoot-Scootaloo: would you like a bagel?
horses are sexy:)
ho boy
This is escalating quickly.
indeed
Lel.
Does this look like a stable to you boy?
You want me to go fetch the Rundell boys so they can pitch you some hay?
/me gives Scoots a cookie
ooooh. dead money
/me glomps Rex_Mundi
Wrek: prepare yourself man
dead money is a bitch T~T
a cruel bitch she is
but you do get a shitload of money
oooh this one
rape time
/me protects Dark_Horst from dead money
Bronysith: Only if you drop everthing you own and steal all the gold :p
Bronysith: if you know the right glitch
Someone just ping me? Mt chat just crashed
SlenderManWoods: we dont joke like that in here
what
ok
/me slaps SlenderManWoods "that was bad and you should feel bad"
lol, it was a mistake that wont happen again
/me parades around chat with the muffin army
So.. I see newfoals here!
/me gives Scoot-Scootaloo his MLG assault rifle
Welcome to Bronystate! Don't ask for ponies~
especially when scoot is here :D
Bronystate, the other police state.
oh god i hated this dlc
/me plays the welcome song for the millionth bucking time
/me huggles Ponies47 who is being stressed out
oh noes, explosive collor
05BTW IM ON HARDCORE
05SO COMPANIONS can DIE
05OOPS CAPS
Wrek: indeed
You're screwed .-.
Did you get Boone killed?
Wrek: actually those caps are completely called for, especially on this DLC T~T
/me "is sitting near this jukebox all I ever.." is suddenly hugged by Bronysith
thios addon
its like this DLC was made by Atlus
this goddamn addon
even more of a paintrain than old world blues
/me protects Dark_Horst away from dead money
oh gawd JHaller did livestream :x
kicks Bronysith
but the beartrap fist was fun :)
^
Wow, Closure is weird as fuck
made me feel weird
god i hate you so much Tidus T~T
but its a good puzzle game
give him a pony:|
damn traps
and now you realize where kkat got the idea for the canterlot cloud
fallout equestria is overrated as fuck
Dark_Horst: but that shit scared me T~T
Bronysith: that's your opinion and you may go buy yourself a sandwich of it
seriously, it gets annoying
HEY
Stop arguing about fanfiction, no matter how important and life threatening it is
Okay? m'kay :$
Scoot-Scootaloo: hi
we're not arguing, scoots
it's bronysith
Even so
that's his normal converstaion tone
Stahp
Dark_Horst: sorry T~T
Dark_Horst: still better than 50 shades of grey or twilight
those 3 are the longest fanfictions in the world
....i dont remember the holo rifle being that effective when i played it
Dark_Horst: the holo rifle was...meh
Bronysith: dont you even dare mention those
lol
but yeah
holo rifle was useless
Dark_Horst: i know, but those 3 hold the record for longest fanfictions
and i played this one after old world blues, so i had my energy weapons skill up
also, does lenght now translate to bad?
i didnt like old world blues
it was hilarious as fuck though
Dark_Horst: overrated =/= bad
chrono trigger, final fantasy 7 are some of my fav games of all time and they are completely overrated as all shit...love them to death though
Dark_Horst: and fallout equestria is a great fanfiction
you're throwing the word overrated around a little crelessy
^
Dark_Horst: saying the word overrated is overrated
so why dont you cut down on it?
He thinks everything is overrated Dark_Horst
cause cutting down on it is overrated
if we were playing planetside right now, i'd shoot you in the back o0
I think our rating systhems need to get adjusted, everything is too overrated
Bronysith xD
Dark_Horst: sorry, ill stop T~T
and I still hve 1/2 of a potato, what top do?
Dark_Horst: im just getting my ass kicked so much in persona 3 that my ass is damaged beyond repair
level grinding~~~
/me >implying that Twilight is best pony
/me carries Dark_Horst away in apology
Rocket: um, she kinda is...
Bronysith but she overrating everything :D
jechts voice in final fantasy is so....sexy
Rocket, Twilight is cool. But Fluttershy is mah favorite :3
fluttershy gets way too much love
she is a selfish fuckign bitch
XD
Ponies47 i cant decide betwen RD and TS
Think whatever you want Bronysith~
Rocket, TS. RD is THE MOST overrated pony outta all of them
Ponies47 youre right
All that clicking sounds kinda like a geiger counter.
if i read overrated one more time, i will find a puppy and eat it sliver
Dark_Horst: i wont say it anymore for a week
Gooooood morning, everypony! :)
Bronysith: i'm holding you to that
hello RaveBrony
Sup Rave.
RaveBrony, Good morning :3
Good morning RaveBrony :)
I'm gonna have some cereal.
/me waves to Rocket, Ninjazz, Ponies47, and MLP_Brovakiin :$
Dark_Horst: pft, holding me to it is so ...you almost had me say it
you cheating bastard T~T
/me throws RaveBrony at Steam
Bronysith: do you want a Pinklestia? :D
wrek, why is your holo rifle so goddamn powerful?
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Streams and Marathons Today!
O_O
Dark_Horst: cause he spent points in energy rifles?
i did too
barely scratched em
/me ponders
Dark_Horst: cause the game hates you?
actually, when i played this addon, those gas mask things were deadly as fuck
Huh didn't know they advertise Bronystate
RaveBrony, Log onto your Steam silly. We need to discuss :3
Sure thing, Ponies47
i'm wondering if me doing it on high level had anyhting to dow ith it
Dark_Horst: maybe hes a reall high level?
Bronysith: judging by his map, not really
he just started this palythrough recently
and most enemies adjust to level
Dark_Horst: thats oblivion
that's fallout
/me carries Dark_Horst away
I should test how well my controller works on steam games.
:3
nah
aww why Friday Movie Night starts at 1 pm in my country >x<
:3
i mean 1 am*
that's.... twelce hours before me
thanks, i wont sleep tinight
you literally live on the other side of the planet
:D Dark_Horst where do you live?
well, am, is something else
germany
so same time
Poland here :3
ENEMIES
haha
United States
i live in georgia
I'll give you a hint where I live. It has a panhandle.
I used to live in Florida until about a year and a half ago... :(
RaveBrony: wehre you move to
Now i live in Upstate NY :\
Bronysith: ^
new york
bleh
little jimmy fell into the well
Oklahoma is where I live.
his bb gun sucked. little jimmy can screw himself
Finally Bronystate works with Tor :)
Tot?
Tor?
anonymisation tool for your browser, i beleive
well generally anbonymus Tool for evething internet
not that I need it here, but usually I had to disable it so the chat and stream would show up
Good job Wrek :D
bye ponies, ill be back when movie night starts :3
Cool I guess.
Oh crap I forgot today was movie night x(
bye Rocket
well i heard wall-e's good haven't heard of the b movie
wall-e its pixar so you know it will have spectacular animation
All those people randomly joined and some left o.o
No Team Deathmatch for Diablo 3. D:
diablo 3 is disapointing
^
But it's TEAM DEATHMATCH. D:
You can't simply abandon that!
Right now im calling HP Consumer Support to fix that double click with one click problem,
doesnt matter
all you would be doing is clicking eachother to death >.>
On my mouse
xD
Since 2009 that happened
Cereal time because my stomach is annoying me.
Forget it I'm gonna go play video games until I have to go to work. Peace
05WHELP
05i got other thigns to attend for now
05hope you enjoyed
hallo
Thansk for the stream Wrek :)
Ohai derpy_h :)
cu Wrek
hai
Thanks, Wrek :P
thx
bai Wrek
Thanks for stream Wrek
i missed the stream
thanks for the stream Wrek
so what i miss
Thanks for the Stream!
Dat AJ O3O
/me cuteness overload
08,01good afternoon, bronystate
o.O
08,01#ifndef derpy_h
08,01#define derpy_h
08,01#include derpy_h
08,01#endif
o.o
#YOLO
08,01or rather, #include "derpy.h"
:3
08,01derpy_h: your nick looks like a C preprocessor header guard
08,01alexxm: i'm okay
08,01for some reason, i really don't feel like eating
08,01i've not eaten for 3 days
08,01and the thought of eating just makes me... not want to eat
08,01i dunno why
O_o
i had my appendix removed
08,01derpy_h: how'd that go for you?
Wrek, thanks for streaming.
08,01also, did you get to keep it afterwards?
05just to keep nourished
ok im just in pain right now
08,01i've been drinking tea, does that count?
05lack of wanting to eat may be caused by detox?
08,01maybe
05a biscuit maybe
6_9 detox?
:L
Howdy y'all!
hai Everlasting_Joy
Oh hai der.
Ohai Everlasting_Joy :3
hai the TheDashingJack
Yo.
HEya Everlasting_Joy :)
/me takes Everlasting_Joy away
Who is gonna stream next?
Ohai TheDashingJack :)
No one
Seems we are in the theatre for the best pony.
Howdy derpy_h, TheDashingJack, Ponies47, and MLP_Brovakiin!
No one is ever going to stream agian Uboa-San
Uboa-San: Who knows.
What about friday movie night?
how've you been Everlasting_Joy
Uboa-San: In 7 hours.
Everlasting_Joy: so hows life
Wrek is done with streaming?
Yep
08,01movie is in like 7 hours or so
Im alright.
MERREH CWISTMAZ.
alexxm and derpy_h, so far so good. I need to get in contact with someone, but hopefully that will be resolved in due time.
Scoot-Scootaloo: Did I miss his stream?
It seems so :/
Who is excited for the episode tommorow?
:(
what are the movies today
SlenderManWoods: look at mane page
Everlasting_Joy: you need to get out more
WALL-E
derpy_h: The outside world is for the weak!
Wall-e is one of my favourite pixar movies.
/me face palm
/me throws Everlasting_Joy into the outside world
hai
y showing last weaks movie
hai aniderp_work
/me burns.
Heya aniderp_work :)
i feel sick again
Fluttershy is the best pony
...
:3
BEN is best ghost >_> <_<
TheDashingJack: fluttershy is my favorite pony but shes not the best pony
Ben is best creepypasta. :P
She is, its a fact.
my head feels funny//
:I
TheDashingJack: proof?
Polls, go read them.
/me glomps Everlasting_Joy
i love the zombie ponies from creepypasta
My head is full of 423
/me is glomped "Howdy Bronysith."
Oh geez. New faces, new faces everywhere O_o
RaveBrony: It's been that way for a while now, most likely due to the new episodes.
SlenderManWoods: we dont talk about shit like that
Everlasting_Joy: Yeah i know :\ oh, i remember seeing you on a tradce server a while ago! :D
wat rly?
RaveBrony: ?
...
TF2, lol
SlenderManWoods: no grimdark, no porn.
grimdark havent read any of that in a while
oh, ok
RaveBrony: Ah!
have not*
00,10morning all
Howdy Sumica!
We don't mind if you like it, just don't bring those up :)
morning sumica
SlenderManWoods: no grimdark, no porn, no cupcakes, no shed.mov or any bullshit like that
Good morning Sumica! :$
No scary, No Yume Nikki
ok, but i do love a good story
shed.mov curse you whovermade that
my chest hurts///
SlenderManWoods: cupcakes is a horribly written fanfiction
who ever mad that*
made*
hotdiggedydemon made it
Hey there, Sumica
Ohai Sumica :3
Bronysith: but cupcakes was pretty good when it was animated
ya, but the games are well made
hotdiggedydemon can eat a ##
brb
Sumica: Are you going to stream something?
It was Sgt. Sprinkles who made that abomination.
hai scoot :P
HDD just makes the highly anticipated and highly followed .MOV series.
Among other things.
00,10probably not till movie night
FUNFACT: Sgt. Sprinkles is a cool guy
And yo!
Bleh.
whatcha up to scoot?
Hey Scoot-Scootaloo
brb
gonna go play saints row 3 now, i will come back before the movie starts
Hello Ninjazz! :$
Knee how Surge.
scoot wanna muffin?
nah~
It's streaming time!
/me suplexes Scoot-Scootaloo mlg style
yaaaay ^-^
...in about 5 minutes
:o
Scoot-Scootaloo: What are ya going to stream?
Then I must go get some food!
/me screams everywhere
Except that was my imagination
scoot im gonna miss stream :<
Ninjazz: I see what you did there! http://s3.amazonaws.com/bronibooru/9e2e8ad3a3a8faf6a9014efa02aefe08.jpg more Rarity fanart? :)
rarity
no
stop rarity stop
I don't see why not, Surge. I'm barely doing anything anyways.
Don't fight it, Sith.
shes just so...attractive like that T~T
Hey everyone.
/me listens to 423 Ohm's Hey I'm Ben Instrumental
Hey Dtox!
is there a new episode tomorrow?
No.
Howdy Dtox!
Yes!
Dtox: no
Dtox: Yes.
Maybe.
Dtox: Nope.
>_>
ponies have been cancelled
sad day that ponies are cancelled
Another troll, Perhaps?
Nah
Investigation team, GO!
oh well now i can sleep longer tommorow!
Ponies really are cancelled
MadSurge, she has a pretty bushy eyelash.
Right, there is one tomorrow.
reason why I asked is because I got conflicting information
i know that because my uncle works at nintendo
I can confirm this. I am Nintendo.
scoot you like zelda gamez?
games*
Ewww no!
anyone here play planetside 2?
awww
too un-MLG
What about Ocarina of Time?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghze_iWP1x8
Uboa-San: that game gets too much love
scoot can i have hug? xD
no such thing as "too much love"
yes
yes there is
Ooooh yes there is.
Indeed
it's when that love turns into elitism is when it gets bad.
05dtox: yes many of us in fact
05we have our own outfit runnign on woodman EU
ohai everyone
Ohai ekips!
Hiya ekips!
how large is your outfit?
Sup backwards Spike.
05Bronysith: arent we closign to atleast 20 active members now?
05or was it 15
Wrek: i believe so
scoot im gonna miss your stream :<
welp, i'd join for sure if I was on your server
05its made out of bronystaters so
since i have to work...
Wrek I'd join but my PC can't handle even the lowest settings for Planetside :/
I cant play PS2 anymore really... all I did was get lost on it :(
Wrek: NEW LUNAR REPUBLIC HO
05ekips: its probably your CPU
Wrek Yeah, I know. Getting a complete new rig in January
My stream senses are tingling
I was wondering, would I get bad lage if I were to join a EU server despite living in the western part of the US?
i tried playing that Planetside 2 game
...the hell?
Lolwut
i ran outside and got killed by rockets
rabble, rabble, rabble, rabble...
Buytoast: that happens
/me hides behind Everlasting_Joy
and then some invisible asshat kept killing me
so yeah
not very fun
My poor brain cells
so what the hell are we watching
plus it looks like shit on my computer
So, who's streaming?
have a good day, scoot
what am I looking at?
buytoast, that's unfortunate that that was your first experience.
this video sums up my life
for once I am grateful that stream lags like hell for me
have a good day everyone else
later aniderp_work!
what is that O_o
05whelp i got my pony swag on
Take care aniderp_work!
:o
Bye aniderp_work :)
I tend to fight in massive battles that simulate an actual warzone
05and im off to eat a lovely dinner with the family
Wrek: do you have your plushie?
05laters
This looks like a very intellectual video :D
eh, that game is too big and shit for my tastes
Wrek: Take care :).
DINNER
Bye Wrek, take care :)
Enjoy, Wrek :P
Don't pone too hard, Wrek.
Later Wrek!
MahBoi777, this reference is what all true warriors strive FOUR!
SOOOO MLG~
~
Later, Wrek!
MahBoi777: DINNER! O3O
/me eats apple fritter
Ohai by the way MahBoi777 :D
/me glomps Everlasting_Joy
:)
Hi everypony.
/me takes MahBoi777 and Everlasting_Joy aways
hi MLP_Brovakiin :)
Yes... this is a Halo movie.
Heya fillyfillyy :)
oh hey, halo wars
hey fillyfillyy!
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Comic: The True Reason for the Season / Spitfire's Tough Choice
Halo Wars stuff, awesome fer the afternoon.
DAT WILHELM
I just dropped in to say hi, I'll be back on tonight.
oh hai wilhelm
Lol
/me hugs MahBoi777 "HAY!"
...PONIES?
o.o
Eeewww
You know what the worst part about a Halo movie will be? I'd watch it and say "why am I not playing the game?"
Dtox: I did, just today! :$
/me hugs fillyfillyy back "long time no see ^_^"
Yup.
Everlasting_Joy you are not playing because you don't own an XBox?
Everlasting_Joy: Eeyuyp.
Everlasting_Joy: I have a slightly different opinion. I'd think "jesus, they pumped MORE steroids into a corpse."
I suppose twitches would be considered a live franchise, given that series.
Halo has a very interesting setting and the most boring protagonist ever!
ekips: No, I have the games.
Halo 4?
been a fan for well over a year, never owned any merchandise till the last couple of days lol
/me puts Everlasting_Joy in a corset
Uboa-San: yes
I haven't been on halo 4 in a while :I
isn't thiss infinity?
RPGS> shooters
no wait
Bronysith: Where's the nurse outfit ya fool?
this is halo wars
/me puts Everlasting_Joy ina nurse corset
Note how nobody can recognise WHICH Halo game this is, even though the title was on screen 2 minutes ago.
there you go
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: EW Exclusive Clip to Spike At Your Service
How much more samey and dull can you get?
Bronysith: Thank you!
HALO WARS
(Yes, I'm prejudiced against Halo)
I recognize it
I swear to god, if you even THINK of clicking that link...
back
what we watching
yeah, the episode is tomorrow, I wont spoil myself :D
Hey every pony whats goin on?
Welcome back derpy_h :)
Who the hell goes Looking for spoilers?
halo wars shouldve been on pc, RTS on consoles just doesnt work
I'll wait for the inevitable leak they're going to do later today.
I sometimes can't help myself
I just love how every alien in the galaxy speaks english
RTS is meant for the pc
agreed
inb4 flood
ACTUALLY rusty, they're supposed to be speaking in their own language when going back and forth.
Who is Stream?
even then, RTS isnt even that fun
All Halos should be on PC :3
Uboa-San: who
WHO WAS STREAM?
they aren't called "elites" or whatever either when you translate it.
Yes, then I can have another platform I won't buy the daft games on, RaveBrony.
"Im applejack, moar applefwittuh?"
Scoot-Scootaloo: No idea, some MLG guy :3
oh man, Sir Dragonslammer's Terrordome of Sam Slamming Communism has an exclusive clip one day before it will be seen on television.
00,10every guy always swares to pull out
How exclusive
Lasharus: Hah :D
Bronysith, depends very much on the RTS game. Supreme Commander 1 is amazing, SupCom 2 is horrible
Bye everypony, I'll be back on for the movie.
Bye fillyfillyy :)
Cya fillyfillyy!
you fool!
The total war series is the superior RTS game.
Take care fillyfillyy!
/me hugs everypony
bye fillyfillyy! take care
/me hugs fillyfillyy back
Bye Fillyfillyy!
/me Higs fillyfillyy too
00,10that also went over well on mars
...
:L
How are you Sumica? :)
00,10tired
/me hugs RaveBrony
Hey there, MahBoi777! :)
Shotties <3.
shotty
Sumica: didn't you rest a bit in these days? :O
CORTONA? :O
00,10I try to
derpy_h: No. this is a different A.I.
oh.... nuuuuuuu
how have you been RaveBrony?
Ive been good, MahBoi777. Yourself??
chif?
chief*
jiff
sniff
gif
Im lagging all over the place....damn my internet....
good to hear RaveBrony, I've been doing fine ^_^
Arbeetur
arbeetur
.... wheres master chief
kicking ass elsewhere
^
falling through orbit or the like somwhere
soo... where's shepard?
lol
He needed to go.
Rustyheadphones, lol
CHIEF!
CHIEF
nope, Chuck Testa
BEEF
Chef...Boyarde.
STEEVE
DAMM AD!
Is it a long cutscene?
is the US BMN today? Latest post says bmn is at 29th and 30th.
it looks like it's shocasing all of the cutscenes
brb
Arbiter's pimp hand is strong
^:D
That voice acting is...meh
...
Paint trade!
...
there go the guns
:O
le gasp!
>le
die
incoming shitstorm
"MOON"
oh shiat
Lol
Oh for the love of god, does anyone know if youre able to set a game's video settings before opening it?
RaveBrony: I'm not sure you can do that.
Ugh!!!
!cd
Episode 10 of season 3 "Spike at Your Service" airs in 0 days, 22 hours, 10 minutes, 22 seconds (Dec 29 15:30:00 2012 UTC)
some games offer a configuration option before it opens
Tom
is MLG
Then for those of you who are using Dual monitors.... dont buy Miner Wars 23081 =_=
XD
*2081
otherwise, you'd need some sort of mod where you can alter the graphics through use of the notepad.
I think your graphics control pannel could also work.
what problem?
brb
shotguns are best close range death machines
beware, they have spears
00,10so much video jitter.
Sumica: i blame you
they brought a spear to a gun fight
and Scoot-Scootaloo s not good computer
Rustyheadphones: That's why they have the shields.
pawnch
there too much epic for the stream to handle at once
teamkiller!
Bronysith: Because your in my life.
Scoot-Scootaloo: *you're
sorry
arbeetur no
Eat it!
YEAAAAAAAAAHHHH
he just pushes his body over lol
Booya!
00,10Spartens are kinda tall
Sumica: 7 feet.
^
as they should be
dun dun dun
im naturally 6'4
so let me get this straight, there is a sun INSIDE the planet?
Oh, and there's another 7 reference for y'all!
and shortest in my family T~T
sounds liek fun
00,10programed for snark
who froze stream?
/me puts MahBoi777 in a corset
Serena's snark annoys me.
o.o
they're all crazy ...you don't say
spaaaaaaaaaace
00,10oh, a dyson sphear
Bronysith: but I already have one, I'm fyat
Guys! Plz, tell nice-sounding synonym of word "sai"...
:3
Sumica, a Dyson Sphere is a structure built around a star to harvest every bit of solar energy it puts out.
PONIES
So, who's streaming?
where?!
mmmm, twilight in gala dress, so beautiful
00,10so you are saying that was not one then Kandarihu?
PINKAMIA
Sumica, you know that episode of Star Trek TNG, with Scotty in it?
Who is streaming, and are we doing requests?
00,10yes
WOO
00,10what about the ep?
So the Vinyl chat is open?
...
Oh. :I
I feel dumb.
Who streaming?
Uboa-San: Scoot-Scootaloo ^-^
Sumica, the structure that Scotty's ship was found on is a Dyson Sphere.
how did rarity get gems before spike?
SO MUCH BEATLES
00,10yes I know, my comment was "oh, a dyson sphear" as in on it's one of those things
All right, it's lunch time! I'm going to take off folks!
hahahaha, so in a recent interview, Yoko one blames paul mcartney for the beatles break up
Bye Everlasting_Joy, take care :)
bye Everlasting_Joy, take care:)
/me joins Everlasting_Joy
Scoot-Scootaloo: I got on the stream once on Xbox
Sumica, would you kindly unmute Vinyl Scratch? Or cant you?
everyone knows that yoko ono is to blame for the breakup
That's MLG, Uboa-San~
/me smells a AttackWithHugs
bye Bronysith, take care
I need some food. SPANISH RICE, AWAY!!
By sending a message
Heya AttackWithHugs :)
I don't smell.
Hai MLP_Brovakiin and everyone else.
hi AttackWithHugs! ^_^
^-^
/me glomps AttackWithHugs and noms on her mane
Laptop overheated like 2 hours ago and shut down lol
I know dat feel.
/me sits on AttackWithHugs' head
why must rarity be such a tease to spike?
so rude T~T
/me pokes Ponies47 "Hello there"
00,10I dont have ops in it so I cant.
rarity you using those powers of yours to get your way with men, so evil
Whats Video?
god party of one
i cant watch that episode anymore
Hey everyone. :)
/me suplexes male_writer
Heya male_writer :)
:/
Hey MLP_Brovakiin.
My mom is loving this.
Kandarihu: your mom is a brony?
Name of this vid?
Lasharus: pineapple ho
Much obliged.
Bronysith, pretty much. Not as hardcore as most of us here, but she is.
...one
As a long standing classic rock fan, I can but approve of this. :P
Kandarihu: tell her to run fromt he fandom
as fast as she can
Well, I say it is cool if family becomes fans of MLP, not just one single family member
00,10scoot, you have ops you can un mute it your self
Back now.
hey everyone :)
BLARGHAGAHAGH
Requests are now open :$
Everyone go to #vinyl_scratch for stuff
Really, can someone link me this beatles/MLP vid?
Scoots <3
/me nuzzles AttackWithHugs
Request sent. :3
Hi
Keep them coming, please~
Hello everyone :)
Heya MaxBrony :)
Hi MaxBrony
So what are we watchin?
I find it funny how there is a MadBrony and MaxTheBrony
The chances.
MaxBrony*
Jmo: Is there?
Yep
He doesn't jump on much due to school and life, but he does get on.
He's a swedish artist.
Good guy.
Jmo: neither do i, for similar reasons. Im only on cuz break
Ah school, the burden of many.
aint it?
is the audio low on this vid or is it just me
its just you, bro..
try turning it up on the video
oh just found out what it was
ok haha
so how is everyone
So, the admin likes old music, huh?
Wow, this is a long video.
...I am about to fall asleep to all this...
thegt90: Good! How about you?
Oh yeah, and did I hear some Get Back a minute ago?
MaxBrony: You got a PROBLEM with that, nyuggah?
good as well
Scoot-Scootaloo: Oh god, you watch Boondocks?
Watch it? I stream it! :V
Scoot-Scootaloo, are you Stinkmeaner?
Scoot-Scootaloo: What'id you say nyigguh?!
did*
AttackWithHugs: WHADDID YOU SAY, NIGGA?!!
what did*
XD
How I miss ye.
I meant to say "whaddid"
No, the last part.
AttackWithHugs: I was quoting Tom Dubois/Colonel Stinkmeaner.
AttackWithHugs! <3
Oh shit, duty calls! Seeya evry1
MadSurge! <3
Wait, what the hell is this?
It's request time
This is my request :3
Whats that video?
Ah
AttackWithHugs: http://i.imgur.com/4NNXq.jpg look what Perrydotto sent me :$
Yeah, it's kinda PC
A Pinkie Pie ornament!!
MadSurge: GGHDLFDOFJO! Pinkieeeeeee <3
She's so adorrable with her snowflake. She looks like she's thinking about eating it :D
AttackWithHugs: http://i.imgur.com/jDhqV.jpg also also also
So much pony!!
Madsurge: Perry sent you all that? Lucky...
All my envy, MadSurge. Just have all of it
AttackWithHugs: she also trolled me with another pink pony http://i.imgur.com/Re5Jt.jpg
I actually have a G3 Pinkie Pie toy gathering dust in my closet.
MadSurge: That's not Pinkie! :O That's Pinklestia!
Scoot-Scootaloo: also two posters of her stuff :)
MadSurge gets all the pony.
AttackWithHugs: "Gotcha!" :D
The only G4 toy I have is Rainbow Dash. Which I had to buy myself.
Uh, let's not get stoned.
I had a Wave 5 BB Crystal Pinkie. I can't find her but I know she's in my room somewhere.
Kandarihu: party pooper!
Same with my Rainbow Dash. Bad thing about that is that she's a brushable, so her mane is probably a total mess now.
Hours of brusie, here I come!
*brushie
jcelios, drugs are bad, mkay?
'kay :<
WOW, that guy must be stoned off his ass.
And her.
lol
That guy's beard reminds me that I need to shave soon.
AttackWithHugs: http://i.imgur.com/g447A.jpg this was inside the Pinklestia box :D
MadSurge: Pfffft lol.
OH DAMMIT
I thought it was over!
>_<
AttackWithHugs: it's also the :gotcha: emoticon in Ponygoons :D
hi
Please tell me we don't have to listen to this stoner for much longer.
/me hands MadSurge all of her envy and jelly.
AttackWithHugs: http://i.imgur.com/Fax9o.jpg and this is the outside of the box, so she clearly was trolling :D
OH GOD, NOT ANOTHER STONER.
Oh.
Wait.
...I think I'm okay with this one.
Pink Pony!
NAKED!!
SO MUCH NAKED
/me giggles at the box
D: NEKKID PEOPLE /).(\
What the hell, Scoot-Scootaloo? What the actual hell?
It's woodstock, I ain't gtta explain shit!
dafuq is this song?!
This song is called "Mrmrhrmrhrmrhrmrhrmrh"
^
All of my ^
all of ur ^
Sounds like he's saying "faggot storm"
looks like a music video prmoting to nudity swimming
no offence
FOR LORD'S SAKE, SCOOT-SCOOTALOO
What?
It's Woodstock.
I ain't gotta explain shit :$
THAT'S THE PROBLEM
Is Scootaloo related to Chicken Boo?
I just read the fanfic pattycakes. I must find a way to unsee
My mother had a ticket to woodstock, she gave it to someone else as she decided to do a baby-sitting thing instead
:$
Huh.
she's related to a shark :3
So THAT'S how you make that emoticon.
Hm?
Wow, I just found my One Piece manga book without even trying.
ಠ.ಠ
It was in one of the cubbies at my desk.
It's really dusty. :I
look what i found. somebody made a custom MLP cover for his/her kindle. http://blog-imgs-51-origin.fc2.com/p/p/g/ppgcom/A_G8BuoCcAAH6wVs.jpg
Um, I have an apology that I think I need to take back, since 7 minutes ago.
FINALLY
XD
Diabeetus
HNGGGGG
aww
HNNGGGGGHHHHHHH
^_^
HNNNNGGGG
And my heart is gone.
My EARS.
lol
I am now as heartless as Russia
EMERGNCY INDUCTION SNORT
MY BRAN
raisin bran?
i haven't seen a abirdge in a long time
I've got special eyes!
You say that as though bridges were rare, kimplix.
I think I'll stick with DBZ abridged. It's a bit... less completely random.
i wish i did
The other night, I voted for Assassin's Creed II over Just Cause 2 in the Community Choice sale. When AC2 won, I apologized for that. But as of the top of this hour, JC2 is -75% and will be for the next 48 hours.
So... would that have happened if JC2 won and went -75% for 12 hours?
but bridges at my view arn't rare till they're wrecked
MEESUTA PEETARU IS MY FAVORITE DRINK
But were they wrecked by Ralph?
maybe
<_<
>_>
OH YEAH, THIS!
Annnnnnnnnnd back to other things.
OH GOD!
O,O
INSIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIDE
XD
all my laughter
'Bridged
...the hell was that?
whos streaming
i have no idea
Scoots is
Man, it's so dead in here.
/me click click click
O_O
why do the chef's have the same faces?
So they can recognize spies.
lol
So....
oh god
#Vinyl_Scratch
Whoever requested this...
Your dead to me
/me blinks awkwardly
Hm?
What is it?
where do i make requests?
/me isn't watching the stream
EspyLacopa: Some dolls doing Never Gonna Give You Up.
kimplix: link your youtube video in #Vinyl_Scratch
Muppets, I guess?
I dunno, I never watched the Muppets.
ok
Yes, Muppets
Ah yes, the muppet bloopers.
Don't be shy! Send in those requests!
/me slaps Scoot-Scootaloo around a bit with a large trout
/me slaps Jmo around a bit with a large trout
holy damn, did someone set up us thje bomb?
OH NO, LIMBO
what is limbo?
I totally completed Limbo.
one of the levels of hell
This game is Limbo
/me liarjack
/me is listening to Sabaton
Limbo is somewhere near Purgatory
Kammerjunk: me too!
FIVE MORE HOURSSSsss
Lil_B: first level ofhell
like the same team as they made binding of isaac?
MadSurge ahhhh
i might of heard it from someone that it's the same team who made tboi
kimplix no, Limbo weas made by... ether a Dansk or a norwegian Team, I forgot
Is it just me, or does the front page say Friday December 29th?
oh
mistake
Oh, okay.
I thought I had somehow messed up my calender.
hallo
hi derpy_h
Lil_B: or for those who died too young to be baptized
Lil_B: Limbo as in the game or the state?
....i think I just made Limbo even more awesome. LIston to Sabaton while playing/watching it.
game
Oh, yeah.
MadSurge oh
That's by Playdead. Danish.
ahh right... Danish is the english name for Dänemark :P Dansk is the language... I always mess that up
are requests being taken
helo erypo-...they hay am i watching?
lol
He sucks :D
ikr
but still fun to watch fails
05back home
05had a beer too many :|
his Voice and attitude is kinda annoying
Hey Wrek! :)
Hello Wrek
Welcome back Wrek :)
hai wreck
:[
I heard Prtincess of the Universe... was that in the stream?
there is no such thing as a beer to many
Hello Wrek
yes there is
is the BMn tonight?
It sure as sugar is.
I think.
Oh laudy, here comes the spider
05aaaw stream is taken
what in tatarus?! O.O
05i had wished to continue my dead money playthrough :P
i wonder what request is up next?
Wrek Don't worry, I put in a request for some Sabaton.
Dead Money is pretty fun.
who knows what is is
it*
:O
None of that WW2 videos with the blood and the soldiers and the Private Ryan :$
6_9
DED
evil tree
Dark_Horst: nope, giant spider
use teh bear trap!
is this live? lawl
MadSurge: Nope, Chuck Testa
jcelios: nope
05shaving ryans privates
BAHAHAHAHAHA!!! :D
:D
lol
boy now that is a fail
He really likes beartraps
THERE CAN ONLY BE ON
ONE
man this is annoying >.<
^
Ok this is getting old .-.
Dat Princes of the Universe.
Why can't people just LP games?
I don't even know what we're watching. Asides from Limbo.
And not make "funny" voices?
LOL
video over yet?
05also Scoot-Scootaloo my new vegas sessions are too MLG
05no armor
Over!
05medium to shit guns
05hardest diff on hardcore setting
What about unarmed weapins? :V
05plus dead money
SHEEP :D
/me has nostalgiaest boner
I did not like this show when I was younger.
sheep in the big city
I will admit.
O_o
ohai pony pepple
Then again, I didn't watch a lot of generally nostalgic shows.
Hey PonyIshBest!
/me attacks MadSurge with lick tongue
YAAAAY RUBBERFRUIT!
Scoots ignore my last request. I have another video link. Same music, but different video. This one uses scenes from the old movie All Quite On the Wester Front http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbw1pGUhG7Q
wtf
How did I know this was RubberFruit even before looking down in the corner?
oops sorry guys
pyrocatboy: You should really put that on the approriate room :S
The only shows I really liked on Cartoon Network was Ed Edd n' Eddy and Courage The Cowardly Dog
PONIES
Oh and Kids Next Door and a few others
Also, no war stuff. Last time I did streamed something like that, I got in trouble :/
YES! Rifftrax of The Avengers, now to listen for another Brony reference.
D:
:D
EWWWWW
nevermind. ignore my requests then
yay
rainboom
who the buck makes this crap?
Ohai :)
/me ignores pyrocatboy altogether
Ponies47: I didn't watch Ed Edd n' Eddy or Courage, but I'll have to admit that Kids Next Door was great.
thats better
Heya MaxTheBrony :)
how are things MaxTheBrony
Ohai MaxTheBrony :)
Swedish Chef! :D
No idea. All I know is that practically all those GMod vids (or similar) are appalling.
Heya MLP_Brovakiin alexxm and thelonecubone :)
is this Wrek?
yea
thought so
hübedi schübedi
Wait
poppidy corn :P
No, this is Scoots, innit?
Is this popcorn?
Heya thelonecubone :)
uh oh
Ohai MLP_Brovakiin ^w^
jcelios: Nah, Scoot-Scootaloo stream :3
haha love swedish chef
If it's youtube, TURN ON LYRICS THING :D
/me huggles thelonecubone tightly ^w^
ok this one is a remix of the Hot Butter Version...
xD
Kammerjunk, IKR? But I bucking loved Ed Edd n' Eddy. I have Season 1 and 2 of that show on DVD :$
lol
/me hugs MLP_Brovakiin Back :)
the Hot Butter version had the really hight tone at the begiunning while the original had not
I... hate this song
Popcorn! :D
haha
:D
love this guy :P
thelonecubone: How've you been buddy? :)
This is one of the new shorts made for Youtube, right?
dang ads
Ponies47: To be honest, I can't really think of a show I really watched asides from Kids Next Door. But that's not to say I didn't watch anything. Sometimes, I'd take a good long look at my bookcovers.
and the original did more focus on atmsphere while this one does more focus on the melody
MLP_Brovakiin: great, and you?:)
Kammerjunk your childhood wasn't very exciting was it
thelonecubone: Yeah I am good thanks :)
PonyIshBest: My childhood was books.
what kind of books?
MUHAHAHA
Kammerjunk, Cartoons were da shit for me when I was younger. I would sit infront of the TV for hours on end watching that stuff
:p
Booo!
:D
Statler and Waldorf are the best
^
old people :P
Eeyup. It's the Youtube version.
omg
yay anthropology :)
PonyIshBest: Well, of course it wasn't anything like the Hobbit or Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, but simple, small books. I remember being on first name basis with the local librarian.
A Lyra video
pretty nice :o
is this canon
nice song
yah
oh man when i heard this i cant stop hearing this for hours.. :D
its catchy
So I'm no real!?! D:
I do care... i WANT MAGIC
Ponies47: hell no
Lil_B: Damn straight.
the animation is so cute :D
yeah :D
I love the style
Man, if I weren't honorbanned, I'd have 3 links to suggest. None of them have porn in them.
"a couple"
Hey all.
Heya Mattcrowley2a :)
Kandarihu: I... really don't care :$
Dark_Horst yeah...
Scoot-Scootaloo, sorry.
cuz your favorite mare's a human, me that's who'll be
anthropology
Dark_Horst: Yeah, I'm fairly certain we've had more wars than and sane person would want to count.
epic song :)
um...ok?
I would trade my hands for strong magic ...
than any*
YAAAAAAAY MORE RUBBERFRUIT!
dafuq
Dat Earthbound Hotel xD
WARIO! XD
that ios some kind of Sonic Chiptune
SONIC!!!
... right Sonic Colors
XD
This is immensely annoying.
hello everyone
HEY GUYS! :)
Oh well, nobody's forcing me to watch, I suppose.
giga drill breaker
Heya RDash5000 :)
/me glomps RDash5000
hello ineedaname and RDash5000
goody goody hip hooray
how are things RDash5000
Hi RDash5000 :)
So what's this?
I was on my Youtube tab when this video started. I had half of a feeling it might be RubberFruit before I came back and saw it.
Hi ineedaname :)
hi RDash5000
this?
Ohai ineedaname :D
this is sheep in the big city
Oh.
dafuq is dis
you skip my request :(
this show seems cynical as fuck, I approve
all i saw was 1 or 2 episodes when i was young. but this...
i have no idea what to say
O.o
request? wait you can make requests to show videos? 6_9
Then again, this is how I feel about the Steam Sales
Lightning_Wing: From time to other, on #Vinyl_Scratch
Lightning_Wing: Yeah lol
Scoot-Scootaloo are requests being taken
yep
dat rainbow xylophone
I went overboard with Steam Sales this time around e_o
I spent.... 2$ THIS STEAM SALE!
YES!!!
I spent almost $100 e_o
i make my request on #Vinyl_Scratch?
i spent... ZERO
request "like a boss
Lightning_Wing: twG
08,01hey all
Lightning_Wing: Yeah*
I have spent a grand total of $0 this Steam sale.
08,01have some gushy, cliche bullshit from me:
"
...Because I have nothing to spend.
I bought a lot of games for the Steam Sale already. I have $77 left to spend on games.
*:I
08,01never underestimate the power of those you love to make you smile with the smallest of things
maybe
sweet. i'm kinda still new to this so does it matter if theres a bunch of cursing? :$
i don't buy stuff on the steam sale tbh
Hey guys! :)
http://i.imgur.com/WQxZx.jpg
And if I choose to under estimate it to make the effect even greater?
Ohai coinflip2 :)
it'sd alöways the small things in live that matter :)
Hey coinflip2 :3
Ji coinflip2 :)
hi*
Ponies47: Not that again! .-.
MLP_Brovakiin, X3
haha
Ponies47: dafuq am i looking at?
Never underestimate the power of VALVe to make you spend the smallest of change.
Lightning_Wing, personally, I'd rather you not. But I'm not the one deciding what goes up and what doesn't. So give it a shot.
08,01i feel much better now that i've eaten
08,01i had pizza and pheasant
when i saw that picture in the link i was unsure what i saw
Came on just in time for a request session? Sweet
Kammerjunk, Smallest? I almost spent a $100 for buck sake!
How long as this been going?
Ponies47: D: why is bon bon doing that to lyra D:
Ponies47: why is lyre eating Xboxes? D:
08,01i spent about $30 so far
YES
YES!
Kammerjunk, I had $0.36 on my Steam Wallet for months.
08,01mostly on gifts
Whoops
"LIKE A BOSS"
08,01i bought myself killing floor, also bought a copy for my brother
wat
thelonecubone, jcelios because she is
aw crapper. I'd better not miss my request
Ponies47 what's with that Picture? what IS this?
08,01and i bought alice: madness returns for my boyfriend
Ponies47: I still haven't spend a single penny. Mainly because I have nothing to spend.
So, is THIS Charlie the Unicorn?
Kandarihu: yep
Kandarihu: yes it is!
I didn't spent anything on Steam sale, becuase i don't have steam :P
^
thelonecubone: GET IT!
naw :3
k.
/me shrugs at Lil_B "I googled Lyra and Bon Bon pics and found that"
:D
what charlie the unicorn is this?
4
O_O
Ponies47 it's ... weird on the other hand, if you google Stuff like that, you can fin deven stranger stuff
wat
oh, cuz I haven't seen it before.
Lil_B, Indeed
Scoot-Scootaloo: What restrictions to requests? Only one per person? Time limits? (When dari does requests we can put in as many vids as we want)
coinflip2 the new one relesed 2 hours ago
this is... creepy
*released
Just a 7 minute limit
Ponies47: It's funny how Google works. I googled "that golden instrument like a trumpet except it goes around itself" and found what I was looking for.
PonyIshBest: oh cool! I'll watch it later.
Well good mine was six minutes
Kammerjunk, Interesting
Kammerjunk: a french horn?
This is
Creepy
RDash5000: That's the one.
does starfish still love you?
I'm still stuck on the Lyra pic... this is some weird fetish isn't it? :<
jcelios: probably
shit I miss the millipede
Ded
nuuuuuuuuuu, that means blowing up Luna
no not luna
THE MOOOOOON!
LUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
08,01let's all go and party on the moon
05goan make a new char in fallout now
05medic
hey bronystate ;)+
f**k
05high charisma and int
05science and medicine beign main
YOLO420SWAG
05and speech
OOOH YOLO
Charlie will have to be new Luna now
Hey, DaringDerpy :)
sup DaringDerpy
Heya DaringDerpy :)
hello DaringDerpy
char is a dump stat
how are things DaringDerpy
05then i have ac har to level off cam xD
Man, that's crazy... the good kind of crazy.
fallout needs 10 agi and 10 dex....and 10 int of course
the comic for this was pretty deep
alexxm: really cool
fallout? ALL THE STRENGTH
gotta carry all that shit after all
Hi DaringDerpy :)
couldn't tell without starting discussions
BEST VIDEO EVER
(not really)
wtf is this?
life is beautiful :)
Scoot-Scootaloo: can we watch RWBY trailer?
Strength is important for me in Fallout. I need all the strength I can get to carry everything not bolted down.
It's so bad! :D
did they have dex in this system?
:3
ohai Slendermane
TWIG!
strength is for melee...nothing else
Requests, RDash5000, I'm doing them in #Vinyl_Scratch
Ohau thelonecubone
And what is this?
;_:
if somefing is near enough to hit you, you made something really wrong
MadSurge: Slowpoke information!
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Story: Pro Corvo
MadSurge: That's awesome!
Rainbow Dash is best pony.
lol what is this
I love RavensDagger
love
Slendermane, Nope. She is the worst and most overrated pony.
MadSurge, that looks great.
love never changes
feels and stuff
Ponies47 Nope. You're the worst and most overrated pony.
As for this video, LIK DIS F U CRI EVERTIM
/me feels DaringDerpy
Silly Slendermane, that isnt how you spell Fluttershy.
Slendermane: I think you forgot how to spell rarity.
ooooooh
YAAAAY
:D
hallo
DERPY!
italian?
Ponies47: I am so jelly right now, you could smear me on toast.
Italian :3
Then why are you all in Rainbow Dash, not In Fluttershy or Rarity or wharever
Ponies47, Lee Tokar?
/me punchs Slendermane in the face
;_:
slender mane?
/me takes out for and spoon
Slendermane: Joke's on you, I'm on none of those rooms.
fork*
:P
in none*
Slendermane: main chat
/me nods at Ninjazz
MUAHAHA
gtg
apperjack
äppeljack
He's fun.
awww
/me eats slendermanes foot
please tell me we're not watching a whole episode like this
WOOOHOOOOO :D
What are we watching?
oh derpy.
Lightning_Wing: Seven minute limit of course we can't
I've watched wholes episodes in languages I don't speak :P
XD
Uboa-San: Request vids
Uboa-San, Italian dub of the derpy scene.
wait till you guys see my request
I watched the Royal Wedding with my class.
Man, those people can wear hats.
what the...
...
XD
:D
Uhhh....
i'm back
xD
we are tolerant
I love it :)
Welcome back RDash5000 :)
DaringDerpy, please don't generalize an entire country with it's lowlifes.
reminds me of Harry Potter und ein Stein
anyone here seen the RWBY trailer?
ohai RDash5000
Welcome back RDash5000 :)
eppaljeck
XD hillarious
frogs in space
wat
hi
Kandarihu: what can you do? :P
hi derp
RDash5000: eenope
Kandarihu: The most annoying part of anything is always the loudest.
what are we watching
coinflip2: check it out
applejihad?
;-;
....
:P
RDash: okay! :)
I know what you mean, Kandarihu. I'm too drunk
durka durka. muhama jihad
oopaljick
I could go for some whiskey, but I think we're all out.
:D
:D Hi
suprain
tab fail
potatoes
POTATOES
ah fuck...I'll go sleep....have fun with...potatoes....and the rest
This video brought to you by Mr. Potato Head
I love you guys
yay
omgyes
:D
see ya DaringDerpy xD
oh boy
bye bye :P
yeah
Burn Burn Burn?
DaringDerpy: Sweet dreams.
/me sings along
Shizuka approves of this parody
Bye DaringDerpy :)
:)
I could never bring myself to use the Backburner. I don't know why, though. It's a fact that people will yell at me for being Pyro no matter what I do.
ghood question... how come 2Forts is made out of Wood, yet the Pyrto can'ät set it on Fire?
It's actually all plastic.
give me the link to the s video plz
this*
nah
I'ma tease
this is so screwed up
So.... #Vinyl_Scratch
Requests go here^
O.o
pure genius
At last you guys watch this!
RDash500: i watched that trailer, and I came. I love that animation style! But, what exactly is it for?
onii chan?
was that mako?
WHO SAID THAT?
Scoot-Scootaloo: Joke's on you, I just found it in #Vinyl_Scratch
it sounded like mako
Dark_Horst: Yes it was Mako
It was from a Daffy Duck spoof of Samurai Jack that Mako voiced in
RDash5000: i watched that trailer, and I came. I love that animation style! But, what exactly is it for?
lets watch Hetalia next
kully6745: HAHAHAHAHAHAHA no.
coinflip2: it's a new show being made by monty oum, set to be released next year
RDash5000: cool! I'll be sure to watch it!
coinflip2: damn right you will!
:)
Hello my broddaz!:D
Ja.
NEIN
This abridged series runs on a HUGE budget. xD
waddup Forgottencrow
Hi Forgottencrow
Hey, ForgottenCrow!
:$ ____:$
I LIKE CATS
But it isn't even Saturday yet.
this abridged series has maybe bad voices but at löeasdt some nice lines :)
i like turtles
Juice_The_Human: SAME!
least*
@Kammerjunk: Don't forget the references! xD
I HUG KITTIES
Evening everybrony.
im back
hay i saw this XD
...
ohei Malavolent :)
what i miss
Zombies! Even they act like normal people on steroids.
Heya Lil_B :)
derpy_h you missed.....something
i still feel sick
Hey Scoot-Scootaloo how many vids left till my first request? Just need to know how close it is so I can run up and make a sandwhich
Ohai Malavolent :)
:D
This is so fake. Everyone knows zombies can't run.
Hello, Malavolent, although it's not evening where I am. :)
lost count lol
lookitem run
:( this video I want to pick it 10 minutes
...
hey scoot :>
@Kammerjunk: Not unless they'\re competing for the Zombie Olympics.
Kammerjunk: you've obviously never played left 4 dead
zombies
Tovler no
RDash5000: THEY'RE NOT REAL ZOMBIES
XD
Kammerjunk: that is true
lol
RUN BITCH RUN!!! :D
hey everyone im on a bit until i go home
They're zombie reals
:D
he's gonna get pwned
video is laggy a bit
PonyIshBest yes
hey aniderp_work
Tovler nu
zombies worst nightmare,black men
/me is mad at him
:D
...
lol
hahaha
xD
derpy_h daz razizt!
If I did that at the shopping centre, I would get a kick in the balls.
o.O
zangorwarrior: This.
this video should be called: how to get dumped
I notice that one ball is larger then the other.
LOL ;D
I joke. I don't go to public places such as shopping centres.
:D
XD
lolz
what a jackass XD
critical hit
xD
o.O
xDDDDDDDDDDD
XD
brilliant
eddie :D
d'hello
I don't knopw how to feel about this Sketch
He looks like Toxic Mario XD
xD
LMAO :D
lol
:D
AW HELL NAW!
6_9
this is priceless
I don't get the static shock part XD
nononono
O.o
:D
That guy headbutted the steering wheel!
Wonder if the guy flying the plane and pretending to die was a worse prank than that
THAT DOESN'T LOOK RIGHT!!! :D
xD
Shake Weight is the best thing since push-ups.
Don't worry, natural people just doing natural things. Episode 1.
i gotta go now
i cant breath XD
talk to you later scoot :P
k bai aniderp_work!
aniderp_work: Have fun!
cya when i get home everyone else
Bye aniderp_work :)
Bye aniderp_work, take care :)
I thought you left already aniderp_work :S
:D
xD
i did to work
hand fart kill
and i hopped back on but now i gotta go\
Now we've descending into lowbrow toilet humor
He's crop dusting them :D
so i can go home
Or colegehumor, to be precise.
that's hilarious
cya all
lol
hay slendermans cousin
J_E_Smith71, agreed.
LOL
Selnderman Kongo edition
I'm a real boy!
^
@Lightning_Wing: They're cheating! They're playing Daytime Mode!
it hurts when i laugh
ZAP!
....
ZAP!
Zappity zap zap!
beethoven is always fitting
great, now my heart is zooming
Dast Beethoven
ZAP!
...
ZAP!
Tiny spark! *Fall*
ZAP!
Hi!
hey
xD
he doed it
ZAP?
He did just do that
He dooded it.
How are you?
GOTCHA! :D
:D
Man, I can't remember which symphony this music was in. Wasn't the 5th or 9th, was it?
GAY
5th.
oh this one is good >:D
But my favourite is 9th.
Kammerjunk: 5th
that's just mean :(
zangorwarrior: Gratia.
xD
good, you?
And yeah, I prefer the 9th too.
that table is sterdy
I can't stand Children crying, it always makes me sad :(
it always hursts my ears
haha
Children crying suck out the joy in coversation and the joy of life in general.
XD
LOL:D
priceless
Lil_B: i can't stand it either, it pisses me off. :[
Lil_B: I have a little sister at 1 year. I can't stand her crying because it's so annoying.
I HAVE FIGURED OUT http://i.imgur.com/WQxZx.jpg it comes from a forum game where people make up a group of random words and then someone else has to draw it, the words were "Engorged Lyre XBox360".
Over half the time, it isn't even genuine.
But the other people don't do shit about it.
oh i cant watch this one :'(
xD
is he...
hahaha
jcelios: ...WTF am I looking at? XD
it's not that I hate the Kids, it's what they do, I hate when parents do nothing about it
wtf?
The ad says: "Can I have some of that?" And my answer was "End the Conversation". Fuck it.
Scoot-Scootaloo: I explained it! XD
I'm good.
Lil_B: well said
This marketer obviously hates Apples.
can i have some of that?
xD
zangorwarrior: He shall face AJ's wrath
o_o
xDDDDDDDDD
J_E_Smith: xD
so good
plz tell me that is a fake imac
But hey, AJ's starting to kick ore ass then the last episode I saw.
its a laptop not an imac :/
is that a fake mac
thats how macs are supposed to be treated right?
Yeah it works except it's been wrecked and doused in coffee and water
phew
well... a OUYA Unboxing Video.... finally I see what I wont get because I didn't pledge... and it lokks like I'll be happy that I didn't :P
Water makes all of your problems go away.
Our next target, iPhones.
zangorwarrior: that, or duct tape.
I don't hate Apple as much as I sound like some time, but that was refreshing to watch.
that iMac one was a fail
some times*
coinflip2: Or adhesives.
It's been ages since I've used XChat. XD
yep.
MORE PRANKS !
:D
ITS NOT AN IMAC
XD
SEANANNERS!
seananners
Kammerjunk: I went to the Apple store and there were like lots of people cramming to try the new iPad mini. So, I'm like, what's the differenece?
Seananners <3
THE HELL IS THIS?
That's an irc client, right?
Hunted by Morgan Freeman ep is best
zangorwarrior: It's a quarter of an inch thinner, I guess.
...
PonyIshBest: It's fits right inside my pocket! Xd
Yeah.
Hidden is a pretty fun game.
BARREL!
what are we watching?
good question
Rainbow Dash being a coward
Why not throw a grenade down there?
Rainbow Dash winning.
RD: I...hate...losing.
Aaaand Rainbow Dash getting teamkilled
hi
Although I'm currently on a mac, I prefer PC. Only if, the PC has decent hardware installed. Since my PC is shit, I'm on my mac because the OS is so simple, but so much less useful than windows. /rant
Hey, Derpy!
hai Derpy
Derpy: Now, where's my mail?
Kammerjunk: his character has superpowers but can use only a knife
:P
then rainbow dash was tricked by trolldier
goddamn internet broke. i'm back now
and hi Derpy
/me hands Derpy some muffins
Its a game called the hidden, 1 person is the hidden and has a knife and powers and the group of army dudes has to kill the hidden. If they kill the Hidden they get to become the hidden next
coinflip2: I have a Macbook but it also supports Windows too.
I use xchat at home.
hey derpy
zangorwarrior: /)
MadSurge: Oh, the story behind it couldn't be worse, but it's pretty entertaining gameplay wise.
did he play the RWBY trailer yet?
no?
Kammerjunk: ayup
They also kiled Rainbow Dash more than 5 times
Good
Kammerjunk: My frined plays Hidden A LOT. BNow, I have to se what all the fuss is bout.
when does my little pony friend ship is magic?
so appearantly this is a counterstrike mod. which one though?
RDash5000: no, but soon hopefully
Ded
When I'm running Linux, I use it, but I use ChatZilla on Windows computers.
pony thread simulator!
Getting killed is FUN!
pony thread simulator!
LOL
>Rape
I never watch seananners, but is he a Brony?
._.
:P
Dark_Horst: Well, it's a Source mod, so it just requires you to have any game using the Source engine.
XD
I dont think Seananners is a brony
xD continueatioon of the useless machine :P
ok
Dark_Horst: Such as Counter-Strike: Souce, Team Fortress 2, Half Life: Source, et cetera.
Rommulus: but saying pony names is so funny :D
Omg, i want one! :D
this machine. i need it
and l4d
MadSurge: Inded.
Kammerjunk: i jsut need the mod name
Dark_Horst: Hidden: Source
the hidden
WHY?!?
awww
Entertaining video of SCIENCE!!
WUT
thanks
....What. The fuq.
I say, these Source games have the most creative names.
lol
then they get intimate with each other
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD NO.
But still, alioopster is cool
The hell.
slightly blue?
Scoots WHY
YEEEEEEEEEES!!!
:O LadyCanary! Hi!
A blue tree, out of all the green ones
Well, they both have something in common. They're both blue.
... didn't RD cut down Trees already by flying into them?
Whoa, this room is packed to the brim, huh!
Ded
lol
loljokes
G2g, Bye!
I ve never been on this site before- Wait, are there separate rooms for all the characters??
do it in 10 seconds flat
that RD VA sounds sort of what I think vinyl would sound like. Sort of like the Vinyl from tavilicious
Dauven: Yep.
Dauven: But my favourite one is Rarity.
Lil_B, maybe that episode didn't air before this came out.
LOL! :D
Dauven: So full of generous people! xD
good job dash
"This can only result in success" wordss I do not trusth coming from RD
lel
Sonic is not amused
I feel like I could probably get down in the Fluttershy room!
Lil_B: neither from Sonic
Welcome to bronystate, Dauven! Don't ask for ponies!
Dauven: They're only open during live streams, though.
scout
oh geez XD
Don't ask for ponies? I feel like I'll probably get them without askin'! :B
I'm gonna slap your nuts!
Kandarihu ... how about the episode she destroyxed that barn bye flying... evenm BITING pieces out ofd the wood
Vince, nobody loves your nuts.
Scoot-Scootaloo: I know exactly what happens by asking for ponies. But what if you like what happens?
Oh my god
So many nuts!
dem nuts
Ok really. This got old in less than 5 seconds
nsf
Nuts is the new gak.
pedo
nsfw
Ask for ponies, face the wrath of 3.5
^
I look forward to anyone asking for ponies :$
13canary~
3.5? I'm..
I don't.
Or Newborn Cuties
Shizu <3 How you doin sweetie?
Now, I want that gadget now.
13a little better
Scoot-Scootaloo: gimme ponies
Oh, OH.
Dauven: come watch Movie night with us tonight! You'll grow to love BrobyState, everyone is so nice! :) And, as it has been said, DON'T ASK FOR PONIES!!!
The life will be much easier with nuts.
Ponies?
Ello Shizu
love his nuts
Im glad, Shizu <3
I DEMAND PONIES
:O Shizuka is ill? :(
bronystate is best stream
Okay Coinflip! Do you know what movie's goin' on tonight?
Hi Shizuka
derpy_h: Dont.
I DEMAND FRUT
I don't have any plans today so I'd love to come! c:
FRUIT*
/me insert troll face here
Dauven: Everybody's nice here. Just don't ask Meanwhile about that.
LeGoMeEGGO: What about haxmega?
13mentally ja
I DEMAND... nothing, cuz this site is free.
ponies nao
LeGoMeEGGO: agreed. /)
damn... how many videos are there?
Moor RubberFruit
XD
*More
im wondering when my requests will come up
derpy_h: Shut up while you can.
Shizuka: mentally ill? :S
RubberFruit
well at least i asked
back
Don't ask about ponies? Otherwise we'll be punished with Newbs Cubes?
derpy_h: Really?
wat
:3
Hai everypony
problem
why is this fruit so rubbery?
hi
Scoots, do it.
I watched both Newborn Cuties in a row. I laughed the entire time.
Hey, DerpyMuffins!
ohai DerpyMuffins
Its what he asked for~
Inb4 G3.5
derpy_h: problem.
hello DerpyMuffins !
6_9
yes i do have a problem
I think I'd only be able to sit down and watch Newborn Cuties if I had some company.
LadyCanary: I'm glad I'm not the only one who doesn't mind.
O_O
....
derpy
:þ
ded
true
/me touches Lil_B and DerpyMuffins
Say, how do you tag someone's name in a message on here?
TF2: The Platformer.
am dead
:/
I've grown used to the hilarity of it Kammerjunk. And seeing people freak out.
BWAHAHAHAH.
True story: I rode a horse named Rainbow today! :p
Dauven: Just type their name!
oh god
Barbie?
O__O
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!
Tervicz: So jealous, now.
wat?
nuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Oh yea
Also... this is close to ponies, right?
of fuck
Errr?
how long?
PonyIshBest that felt... weirdly comfortable
Scoot-Scootaloo: That's nice and simple!
This is gonna be good.
OH GOD, BARBIE
Hah! :D
Dauven: Oh, just type it, they'll see. You can also press the tab key after typing a few characters to autofinish.
Oh god yes
.....
turbochat?
Oh goodness what is this.
FUCK YEA
I LOVE THIS SHOW
Barbie or Bratz?
Dauven: If there are multiple names with those first few characters, it'll cycle between them.
Scoot-Scootaloo if thats you streaming I'm laughing right now
THAT MASCARA BRUSH IS HUGE!
IT BURNS!!!
O____________________O
wht is this?
Dauven: type some of the name as you see it on chat, then press tab until you see the name you want to tag :)
DerpyMuffins: <3
Dauven: Make sure you've read the FAQ and rules.
zangorwarrior: Barbie.
this iz foar gurlz, letz watch sumting foar boyz liek My Little Pony
Ken!
Ponies are cool but Barbie is not
Dauven: just type their name like I did here, and to PM someone, double click Their name on the right!
That's really easy!
Kammerjunk: xD
oh. my. god.
I even cantered on Rainbow. :D I'm still a beginner though
brb!
HEY. I collect dolls, man =_=
Lmao
zangorwarrior: Bratz have larger heads.
BURNNNNNN
Best show ever
GAY GAY GAY
Kammerjunk: xD
this makes me eyes puke
U Madbro?
"!and I dare you,. if I find you together in bed again..."
nonononononononononononononononononononononononono!!!!
I need to write that burn down
i asked for ponies
/me giggles.
Are these pets talking?
not this
nonononononononononononononononononononononononono!!!!
This series is actually pretty funny.
Can they hear them, or..
Plastic 6 pack
poor ass nigga, that shit ain't even polo
SOMEONE TELL RAINBOW DASH WE NEED HER HELP!
JOINTBALL LIMBS DOG D:
dat plastic cat
nonononononononononononononononononononononononono!!!!
whoever requested this deserves to suffer
Let's play: How much pink can you spot in this video?
derpy_h: never. ask. for. ponies.
This isn't so bad. I've had to share room with Nightmare Fuel Pinkie Pie.
OH JEEZ.
Y'know what? This isn't that bad!
What has Toy Story 3 done?
Pony!
oh theres the pony
the jokes save it
Wait what. XD
Barbie's scary face pop up in tv x
clice
This... is the best show made for little girls
AJ IS BEST PIANIST _D
:D
Haha, I just laughed out loud.
hoers
correction, what has science done
Horse playing piano.
pfft
Tovler: other than being the saddest movie of all time, pretty much nothing.
bad horse?
this show looks nuts
:D
Derpy bad horse bad horse bad horse, hes bad
So wait, am I supposed to not ask about the movie tonight and what movie it is?
Or just about ponies?
that balcony treadmill just killed me
2 derpy?
that was fast
Is this an actual show or a parody?
Dauven: Nah, it's on the front page of bronystate.net!
This has to be an actual show.
lolwut
Yes because you can't see the hole from outside the house.
BadPointer tacos
The things they do for love.
Dauven: just don't ask about ponies whatever you do.
BadPointer, there's no way this is fanmade.
coinflip2: Truer words were never spoken. To think that Toy Story 1 was prtty happy.
BadPointer: Oh no it's real. It's an online series.
is the camera... shacking?!°
NO MORE PLEASE! T_T
hello everyone
I dont even
Lil_B: Shacking!?
well that was short?
coinflip2: I swear, if they make a new Toy Story, Woody will end up with cancer just to top the sadness of the last one.
please... no more...
Now what did we learn.
Kammerjunk: manly tears were shed
Dauven: the movies are on front page, asking for ponies is just asking for trouble :D
Hi BroPony|MEDIC :)
Wait, it's an online series? I would've expected it to be on TV, LadyCanary-
Hey BroPony|MEDIC
and wtf is this?
Uh oh
Derpy tacos
We'll find out soon enough.
6_9
that was nasty. Pee jokes >_<
Alright! Something Japanese!
is this...
Is that suppost to be a porn?
...
Moron.
What?
Derpy: :D
The Wrestler for A movie?
...
yay wrestling
oh its a wrestling video i guess?
Darn! I didnt vote Again!
WALL E
this sounds familiar
yep
Tovler: Sounds interesting. But isnt it a bit...graphic?
Ugh...
oh
idunno. I have to see it.
oh okay......
I came...for Wall-E!
LadyCanary: Yeah, jeeze, I still cringe when I think of him, uh.
Botching his manicure.
get psy to wrestle!
is this like japanese WWE or something?
VenHur: 4 hours bro
.....
yawn
/me facedesks.
4 Hours and 14 minutes to Wall-E
DAFUQ!?
i didnt know japanese had western wrestling
Glad to see WWE hasn't lost its charm xD
There are wrestling leagues in many places.
whats wrong JuiceTheHuman
I know, I know, but I seen the movie, and unlike others, I researched it...A LOTS.
Dark_Horst: Oh, you've barely seen the tip of the iceburg.
Dark_Horst, there are video games about it.
anyone wanna see psy wrestle? c'mon! it has to be possible
alexxm: WRESTLING!
When did the times change for the movies and/or episodes?
No kimplix.
wrestling movie...
That;s fucking stupid.
:D
KARATE CHOP!
slapchop?
WHY IS THERE WRESTLING MOVIE ON PONY!
CNreal: Whaddaya mean, change?
https://sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/305364_312003215567521_442110286_n.jpg
:D THE CHOPPING
WRESTLING SUCKS
Derpy: What's a pony?
although it's fake, you have to be damn fit to be in the WWE
I think what we all need right now is some.. Xavier, Renegade Angel.
Applejack wrestling Iron Will.
kimplix, this is Japanese. PSY is Korean. And I hear Gangnam Style hasn't really been as big in Japan as it's been everywhere else.
nvm.
Dauven: shhh
Thank you Kandarihu.
PonyIshBest: I lol'd.
PonyIshBest: dear god...
OUCH THAT GOT TO HURT!
Why is there asking of Ponies in Bronystate??... "That" is the question.
Isn't somthing movie relateed or pony related usually on now?
relTED*
how did Gangnam Style even become so popular?
lpl wut
oh godamnit
I wonder what DDOS means
True, Wrestling sucks nowadays...but remember the "Attitude Era"?
coinflip2: Just because.
CNreal: We cant show ponies 24/7. Dont like it? Go to youtube.
coinflip2: 'Cause it's a great video, probably.
People have other interests you know.
coinflip2: Catchy tune, incoherent lyrics, silly video.
when is there a new episode of MLP?
is that a blood?
James_Clydesdale: Tomorrow.
Kammerjunk: Don't forget the dry humping! xD
CNreal: we're doing request videos
:D
!cd
Episode 10 of season 3 "Spike at Your Service" airs in 0 days, 19 hours, 42 minutes, 15 seconds (Dec 29 15:30:00 2012 UTC)
It's cool to talk about other cartoons around here, right?
!cd
Episode 10 of season 3 "Spike at Your Service" airs in 0 days, 19 hours, 42 minutes, 12 seconds (Dec 29 15:30:00 2012 UTC)
coinflip2: whos streaming?
It's not like, blasphemy or anything?
Dauven: Of course!!! Just keep it safe for work, dude.
this is gone mad.
CNreal, no. look at the timer above the video. If you refreshed the page within the past 6 days, you'll see how long it is until Movie Night
LadyCanary: I can't think of many NSFW cartoons anyways! :B
I just plah Vidrrrr GAAAms
Dauven: Awesome!
Dauven: Just dont piss off the mods, dont complain about what's on stream, and you'll be fine.
Has everyone here taken a look at Gravity Falls yet?
Oh god, that nickname reminds me of something...I HATE that block.
Dauven: After all, I DID grew up with cartoons after all.
Dauven: YES. OMG YES
enough holding people up in air like a trophy.
Dude yeeeeeeeah.
http://www.tickld.com/images/content/35827.jpg
One of the best things Disney has done in a while.
I can't believe that Disney did that show!
It ruined Cartoon Network's ego as being a channel dedicated for CARTOONS!
mahboi.
These barbie cartoons are reaso- I mean Japanese wrestling seem more hardcore.
so how long will this end.
What is this?
When a friend told me it was on Disney channel, oh gosh.
4 hours until movie night... Isn't it different from past schedules?
First episode I saw was The Inconveniencing.
o.O
Dauven: Indeed. Plus they got Paul Robertson (who did the pixel work for the Scott Pilgrim game) to do an episode.
I never liked watching wrestling, to be honest. Then again, I never liked watching anything else on TV.
Who's seen that one?
Dauven: I try to watch an episode of GF but I'm in the UK so, we haven't got the show yet so my alternative source was Youtube.
VenHur notice how most of the guys moves seem to be head drops of some kind
I love Gravity Falls, it's an step to the right direction now that Disney is slowly comming into thier senses.
Oh, the Final Fighters episode?
how long does this Video Last?!
Yessss.
hi
:P
Fight Fighters.
Kammerjunk: ya I don't like watching tv either.
...
zangorwarrior: I'm not sure if you get the same website over there I watch Gravity Falls on.
toast?
Disney still hasn't recovered from Michael Eisner.
HOMESTATISTICSABOUTADVERTISEBLOGCONTACTLAST 7 DAYS RATINGDATA ADDED →1. United States2. Unknown Country3. United Kingdom2012-12-2808:44:06 PMAUSTRALIA2012-12-2808:40:41 PMFINLAND2012-12-2808:19:20 PMNETHERLANDS2012-12-2808:17:31 PMFINLAND2012-12-2808:10:39 PMUNITED STATES2012-12-2808:09:27 PMUNITED STATES2012-12-2807:56:49 PMUNITED STATES2012-12-2807:52:33 PMHONG KONG2012-12-2807:48:33 PMNORWAY2012-12-2807:45:00 PMUNITED STATES
YEAH TOATS
It's just called "watchcartoononline." P simple, they've got a lot of good series on there-
13lol
:D:D:
O_O
french toast...
what in the hell
.-.
Wow
Dauven: What website?
Toast (yeah, toast)
What was that?
YEAH TOAST!!!!!
YEAH TOAST!
pony_3808d wtf
LOL THIS
Toast!
Whoa, my.. My thing dinged.
HOMESTATISTICSABOUTADVERTISEBLOGCONTACTLAST 7 DAYS RATINGDATA ADDED →1. United States2. Unknown Country3. United Kingdom2012-12-2808:44:06 PMAUSTRALIA2012-12-2808:40:41 PMFINLAND2012-12-2808:19:20 PMNETHERLANDS2012-12-2808:17:31 PMFINLAND2012-12-2808:10:39 PMUNITED STATES2012-12-2808:09:27 PMUNITED STATES2012-12-2807:56:49 PMUNITED STATES2012-12-2807:52:33 PMHONG KONG2012-12-2807:48:33 PMNORWAY2012-12-2807:45:00 PMUNITED STATES2
YEAH! TOAST!
Wtf?
YEAH TOAST!
YEAH TOAST
YEAH TOAST!
13don't worry he'll get klined soon enough
Okay, so LadyCanary, you know the Inconveniencing episode?
head shot.
what's up with the giant walls of shit
NO TOAST!
YEAH! TOAST!
How are you?
DAFUQ?
13FRENCH TOAST
TOAST!!!!!!!!!!
13too soon?
It'd be my favorite, but I watched it enough times where I noticed an inconsistency that kinda' like, ruins the ending.
I swear, french toast is so good.
Has anyone else picked ito ut?
I've seen all of the episodes I believe Dauven. I actually want to cosplay Lil Gideon.
YEAH! TOAST!
:o
this enginer is team killer.
...
bob and tom?
Lil ol me~
French Toast is heavenly!
TOAST!
failtality?
YEAH! TOAST!
Robbie disappears without gettin' taken by the ghost towards the end of "The Inconveniencing."
I been suffering through this Gravity Falls drought
Lmao!!
:D
French Toast!
now french toast?
YEAH! TOAST!
lmao
:D
FRENCH TOAST!
ban hammer lol
banned?
BLOOPERS
Could've been potentially there watching Dipper do the dance the whole time. Thereby negating the cerrtainty of the secret Wendy an' Dipper had together at the end-
what a shame
Robbie is like everyone's 7th grade emo phase Dauven.
Since she covered for him an' told everybody he beat up the ghost with a bat.
victory!
This version cuts out the Texas Toast part. After hearing it, I think I'm glad for that.
My emo phase was 9th grade, though!
you'r
that bothers me.
...
FUNFACT: Swedish Spitfire also does a part in Gravity Falls... I forget which
what is this
What
....SHE DOES SCOOTS?1
BUFFER
Dat lag
Professor Trelawney?
wtf?
I'm best pony and wtf is this
I don't wanna close my eyes
OH MY GOOOOOOOOOSH. That makes me so happy!!!!
So outta' curiosity, I'm just going to put it out there--
Does anyone in here live in Connecticut?
Who is streaming Scoot-Scootaloo?
Don't you just LOVE nativity plays?
There was a better performance of this but it was removed
Derpy, eeyup
DerpyMuffins: Scoot is streaming
:3
DerpyMuffins: Yup
Dauven: nope, Canada! ;)
I don't wanna imagine
i don't I live in NH Whay do you ask Dauven?
Dauven: Kansas
This is from the Adventurers Club at Disney World
Dauven: California
<_<>_>6_9<3:[:S:'(:|:O:$:(:P:D;):)
Derpy, sorry. Autocomplete fail
Which sadly isn't there anymore
Dat spam
13DerpyMuffins: Do not spam.
Dont spam emoticons, Derpy
emote spam
I'm just wondering if there happen to be any folks in here who I could hang with sometime overr the next week!
This was my favorite hoilday song they used to do
Scoot-Scootaloo that... actually is not suprising xD good VA in countries with less population often use the same VA more often, because there are just not as many VAs :P
who meh?
Yes, you
Derpy: nuuuuu
Wrong Derpy Shizuka
wrong tab Shizuka
Idiot.
your souls will make excellent kindling for the eternal bunny fire!
13wrong tab
oh okay :(
what the buck is this
what in the hell is this?
^
Dauven: I wish, there are no bronies in my town! it sucks! :'(
idk
13in any case, yes we have emotes, why every single noob that connects feels compelled to spam them all is beyond me
I swear.... My tab fail count
I dont get this, lol
Because their brains, Shizu. They are made of buttered toast and gravy.
13and chickens
Someone tell me what this is because my brain is confused
Hmmm, chicken
I liek chickens Shizu :3
is this suppost to be a story or is it suppost to be a song?
BUTTERED TOAST!?
LadyCanary: I've heard kids like picture books.
where!
Shizuka, I think it seems to be a neat feature of LightIRC that just begs to be used.
This is a story and song
For some reason, I keep thinking she's a fortune teller
It gest funnier
What is th streamer showing? WORST STREAMER EVER!!!1111
gets
FRENCH TOAST!
Shizuka: Chickens, you say?
IKR SCOOTS
Scoot-Scootaloo: o u
Ouch. There's a harsh brony slight in the new Avengers Rifftrax …oh well.
Hey Streamer? where are all the pnoies?
KITTIES!!!
ponies*
You silly Scoot-Scootaloo
OH OH OH OH
ErasedKitty: Yeah, she kind of does look like one.
Shizuka: What about bacon?
o.O
CAN WE WATCH VERMIN SUPREME NEXT?
<_<>_>6_9<3:[:S:
Scoot-Scootaloo: Eww ponies.
ummm... is that a guy or a girl :|
More spam??
I would love it if you all could see it- :3
i'm just trying to figure out what the hell is going on
WE MUST HAVE PONIES
This is from the Adventurers Club at Disney World. One of my favorite places but its not there anymore
=_=
is that...
NEVER request ponies
CONTINUED EMOTE SPAM?
Dauven: Haha, that guy is amazing.
Once again, brains with toast and gravy.
I always loved this bit
I REQUEST PONIES
/me request ponies for DerpyMuffins
Cat's are better
I cast my vote for him last year, Kammerjunk. :P
wrote him in on the ballot and stuff.
You heard them Scoot-Scootaloo, they want ponies
derpy_h: TOOO THHEE MMMOOOOONNN!!!
wtf is this!
ok im lost
So am i :I
i've got no idea.
PONIESS PLZ
derpy_h: NO
I'll see you all in hell
..okay
derpy_h: never request
derpy_h: Shut it.
How many drugs have I been doing?
damnit
oh my gawsh
next wequest plz
GIVE US PONIEZ
this is a dark song
Annoying twit.
Oh god
:3
And she goes through puberty. HellO!
You had to go request ponies
It's a dark song because it's set in thr dark.
Scoot-Scootaloo: I'm fine with watching some earlier generation ponies too- But can we do Vermin Supreme first? :3
Guys dont request ponies you will get them
>_>
It's short, I promise!
Lolwut!!
when will I finally get my fuck you Boiltimore
Them reactions
this has failed to entertain me :)
is she....
Until the people handling the staging lights wake up.
LET'S WATCH RWBY TRAILER
okay its a story and song both and now im confused about this and dafuq is this anyway?
what did she say
So she just killed her doll? :D
/me slaps people who like dogs
Dauven: You'll want to visit the #Vinyl_Scratch room to request videos.
with a plastic bag?
For some reason, I thought this was Ella McClain.
o
Kammerjunk requests are over
Yeah, that's a pretty awful way to misspell your... At the very least, do the more common "you're". Just as wrong, but at least it's a real spelling
Oh.
is this gonna take long?
who's idea was this?
Kammerjunk: Oh, sorry about that, I didn't know!
that little girl is a sadist...
kidzrul732 someones
Crazy bitch
well this is funny... i have a emotional break down then come back to see this. and not a one fuck was given
is it over?
kidzrul732 someone who touches themself at night
what the hell did i mess
I....I dont even :D
Kammerjunk: how do you get to the Vinyl Scratch room again?
miss*
Dauven: 'S all cool, but apparently, requests are over.
finally.
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/7914/
YES
BUCK YES!!!
ENJOY
Oh you Scoot-Scootaloo
Are all the other rooms open right now, I guess?
Rage quit, The Movie?
aaa this is amazing
?
Nah, that won't happen. xD
coinflip2: /join #Vinyl_Scratch
Oh, I'll show you ponies... after this
So MLG Scoot-Scootaloo
fucking epic shit gonna go down
enjoy this masterpeice!
Monty Oum! That's even better!
Oh man, this was beautiful.
I loved Dead Fantasy!
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Drawfriend Stuff #668
VinylScratch is closed :(
Oh well ^^"
this is from roosterteeth?
...
LOL
everyone, prepare to simultaneously cum
Oh yeah, a friend of mine showed me this a while ago.
LeGoMeEGGO: yes
I'm Fuck and what the IshBestPony is this?
im scared
this reminds me so much of Exaltedc
slender man is watching you.
should i be
expecting something
I'm outta here because I don't wanna be trashed out of here. KTHXBAI!
So anime
the jouney
oh shit
Such amazing animation.
Man, those are some high notes.
this is good
little red riding hood?
I think the background and use of color contrast are my favorite part of this animation style.
Hellow.
kidzrul732, later.
And then, a perfume product comes out of nowhere.
dayum
wat is this called
DAFUQ??!??!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
O come on, an ad? NOW?
also trololol
tacos
alright now i'm satisfied
Rustyheadphones: AdBlock +
sexy time
13Derpy: Second warning. Do not spam.
Rustyheadphones: get adblock
SlenderManWoods: RWBY Trailer
Her outfit. DO WANT
PonyIshBest: Oh hey! I'm about to go to Taco Bell too :3
thx
Rustyheadphones: adblock or ghostery, use them
oh its this video from roosterteeth
fucking hahaha
your welcome everyone
Dauven I hate tacos
o.O
kill em aalll
shotgun scythe?
need that
PonyIshBest: Really? Why?
RDash5000: THANK YOU!!!
...Wait it's a GUN AND A SCYTHE. Like Margaret Moonlight from No More Heroes 2 :333
darn shes good.
I remember watching this with a bunch of friends, was awesome.
I am behind 5-7 adblockers, depending on how you count them. What are these 'advertisements' thou speakest of?
is it just me or did the stream just crash?
Dauven because someone touches themself at night
LeGoMeEGOO: Hey, it's beter then a gunblade.
AD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
have they made the other 3 yet?
derpy_h: AdBlock
13derpy_h: Do not spam.
Rommulus: not yet
PonyIshBest: Can't be me, then! That implies I'm not doin' it during the rest of the da.
mmk
what is the title of this?
is the stream jerky for anyone else?
i hate ads
Rommulus: Not yet. This is still quite new.
how am i spamming???
Punkie_Pue: Yeah, me too.
derpy_h: Get adblock
mmk
Punkie_Pie: ya, but that's to be expected.
FLAWLESS VICTORY
Dauven never said you didn't do it the other times of day
Not you, Derpy. It's derpy_h.
Derpy: Go get adblock or Ghostery
pills
wow
i never sad ad 10 times in one row or something like that.
Thats fine, Im not complaining, im just trying to troubleshoot.
But hey, as annoying as ads can be, I can try and waste the ad's time. Wait, what?
whadid i just walk into 0_o
Derpy: Whoops wrong guy
It was made from phones?
Oh my gosh that was beautiful.
Because poor literacy is KEWL
...
oh no
......
Oh god
J_E_Smith71: Who was phone?
oh god no
rooster teeth is getting good at that shit
this xD
Hooooo boy.
...?
...
Okay
PonyIshBest: Wait.. So if I limited my touching of parts to the daytime, you'd like tacos?
Pony time
dang
SOOOOOO ponies.
OH GOD :D
/me cackles evilly. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAAH
did i cause this
>_<K
Derpy: ah, So you get the ping as well, Becuase his name starts with derpy
dafuq?
Who do we sacrifice?
ahaha
/me breathes hevily
I'm already scared
Shit........
... This is 3D
ah yes
and this is
derpy_h: you monster
oh god :D
YOU WANT PONIES
AttackWithHugs, whoever was asking for ponies.
Er
Dauven: It sure as sugar is.
.my god
Again blame me for introducing the mods to THIS
creepy
THAT LAUGHTER NO
ughh this is not cloudsdale
MUAHAHAHAHA
...
AttackWithHugs: should i get the knife?
/me breathes heavly
WHAT IS THIS!?
oh dear god why
um
This is jokes, right?
confused.
i need a paper bag
/me makes sure all sharp objects are far away
J_E_Smith71: You monster :p
requesting ponies in a nutshell
thelonecubone|MW2, not today
oh shit... KILL IT WITH FIRE!
What heck is this
This is why you dont request ponies.
Oh god...it's THIS!
Cake makes ponies PHAT
i've got no word for that.
no more
Dauven: Yeah... joke...
I am terrified.
Dauven: This is what happens when people request ponies.
those of you who haven't seen this, just walk away, NOW!
AttackWithHugs: D: okay
*the*
What. The. BUCK1?
SOMEPONY GIVE ME A PAPER BAG!
plz
Nice ponies Scoot-Scootaloo
/me shoots self
This is creeping me out
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I'm so scrared....
cover your eyes!
Rommulus: exactly.
Here are the rejected ponies that never made it to G4.
g4 ponies?
I get on here, and this scary shit is on
someone kill me
this is what you get for requesting ponies....
/me gives everypony a rope
this is sick
teeeehehehehe
sic
These are terrifying.
ponies
Jared: Here's a rope
zangorwarrior: These were on their way to G4?
AHAHAHAAA
what the fuck?
aaaaaaaaaaaaa
They draw pictures of cake, then they model CGI of cake, then they mux the CGI into their own CGI world. Then they get fake on the now real cake.
It Burns!!!
Dauven: Probably.
ok ill make it more specific
NOOOOO
dat stock trumpet
you ask for ponies, you get this
kill it
HAHAHA
its rarity
How'd they stop it, send a crew up in a spaceship to detonate this abortion before it could reach earth?
>rape
GICE ME G4 PONIES
sompony kill me
THE MUSIC
*covers eyse*
it says pretty pretty ponis something like that.
æ↔
Dat music
give*
wtf is this?
Dat 70s sex music.
Now my little ponies. What have we learned?
Dude, she's so emaciated.
"her ball"
let this be a lesson to NEVER ASK FOR PONIES
pony_80 unholy
CANCERS
who has the stones to make this
pony video?
derpy_h: naw, you wanted ponies, this the ponies you get
TRANSVESTITE
< best ponies
that tape
Guys, I think we can eagerly say that this is a spoof of MLP, espectially G3.
What was that creaky ass door opening sound?
LadyCanary: never ask for what you want
Dauven: as you can see, this is what happens when you ask for ponies.
pony_80: run now
pony_80: punishment for those to ask for ponies :D
LadyCanary: Never ask for ponies?
nothing
wat
my god.
0-o
XD
It stingsss
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/8817/
this is gone mad.
/me pat pats LeGoMeEGGO and AttackWithHugs. Good good ^_^
Th cake was a lie!
what in the?
she is lying. she is not pegasi
Barfin glitter
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
LadyCanary: to never ask for ponies ^w^
This is amazing
^
BURN
Punkie_Pue: yes
haha omg its burning
suddenly FIRE
i ask for g4 ponies
IT BURNS!!!!!
they're burning everything
WHAT THE FUCK
BURN
i'm back!
This is the single best piece of animation I have ever watched.
BURN THE CASTLE YEAH!!!!!
the fuck
BURN
wat XD
What have I done?
What is that even
kill yourself
michael bay
Oh noes the fire BURNS!!!
suicide
Like a scuff on her hoof?
welcome back Dark92Enigma
whoa, what did i miss?
emergency hair brush?
This is amazing Scoot-Scootaloo :D
FlimFlamPhilosophy approves of this video.
Why are they fussing over something on a hoof?
...wat is this?
derpy_h: you should never ask for ponies, this is what you get
lol
um ok this is odd
......WHAT THE HELL IS THIS SHIT
XDDD
Really?
awwwww .... fuck you show
REALLY?
AttackWithHugs: They're all Rarity.
Wv Dark92Enigma ^w^
See a worm/caterpillar on a pony's hoof > All hell breaks loose
er i asked for g4 ponies
AttackWithHugs: because they're dumb? :D
"What I have done? I have brought shame to all the pony race." That's me for introducing the mods to this
>rape face
Delicious tears...
All That Chaos Over A Fuckin' Butterfly!!!
we're watching G5?
Who made this
and this is what happens derpy_h
i will kill them
XDD
Jared: No rape jokes in this rrom, pls~
CrystalPhoenix: don't even joke about that
BURN
AttackWithHugs, I think that a blemish on her body meant that they had lost their perfection.
good job discord
this voice acting
BroPony|MEDIC someone who touches themself at night
They're just still on the castle.
derpy_h: yeah, you should never ask for ponies, NEVER
dont worry about the FIRE
Dauven that's what people who ask for ponies get. THIS
ad saved me
derpy_h: why did you bring this upon us!
The place is on fire and no one cares
Aah
well, at least they are on fire now.
AHA
i thought it was gonna end evil ending or something
NEVER.
sooooo ye
Scoot-Scootaloo: Sorry
This was amazing.
derpy_h: or you get this
the creator will die
what the hell just happened
What have we learned?
...Dat +m
nothing
Never request for ponies
The video "Crayon Dragon."
Scoot-Scootaloo: to never ask for ponies ^w^
Scoot-Scootaloo: cake is delicious?
Scoot-Scootaloo: To neverr ask for ponies
Scoot-Scootaloo: Never request ponies, otherwise we will get them
Everyone'll cry.
Scoot-Scootaloo I have nothing to write to celestia I think
I DIDN' LEARN ANYTHIN'!
That this is mostly a parody of G3.
oh no
<the cancerous lennyfaced unholly GNAA version of mlp...
Scoot-Scootaloo never put a butterfly on your hoof
We learned ponys barf sparkels.
yesssss
OH GOD
0_o
its... over
YES
Random video?
Walrus <3
Scoot-Scootaloo: i have learned nothing i was right all alone
walrus song
i learned that fire happems when you panic
So... more ponies?
yeeeeeeeeeessssss
Scoot-Scootaloo: NO
...huh
MORE !
no
MORE!
NO
THESE GUYS ARE EVIL!!!!!
along*
/me is hunting walruses
Don't let anyone ask for ponies, because we are all equally accountable for one person not understanding the rules here.
Scoot-Scootaloo: well I learned that we need to keep some duct tape with us at all times.
Scoot-Scootaloo: Today, I learned that everything will go up in flames if you don't do as those around you.
moar
Scoot-Scootaloo: Yes :D
Scoot-Scootaloo, live action?
adam sandlers song?
no thank you Scoot-Scootaloo :)
NO SCOOTS. Please? :(
Scoot-Scootaloo: I know, never ask for ponies, and i've learned it already like 9 months ago...........NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO NO THANK YOU
I kinda like it
but do so :3
ha
Kandarihu: Good gracious, that's a lot of people I'm accountable for.
oh god
.... whoa
Wat
lol
where
WHOA
xD
Oh god
This just got really dark.
lol
:D
hahhaha
:D
lol
XD
:D
dig dig dig
That bastard
haha
:D
launching my low orbit ion cannon naow
This escalated quickly
LD
:D
:D*
LOL!!!!
XD
DAFUQ
Poor Walrus.
That's a cute walrus?
D:
Dauven: its meant to be dark as shit
Dauven: Yup. This is SecretAgentBob. That's what he does.
Punkie_Pue: yes, yes it did.
Poor walrus.
SHEEP!
SHEEP.
yay
SHEEP IN THE BIG CITY
^
...
Oh my god Sheep <3
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyy
More Sheep :D
an other random video?
Oh wow, I haven't seen Sheep in such a long time!
You so MLG Scoot-Scootaloo
tacos
This show was weird.
Derpy: nope, old cartoons
Mods, can you please stop feeding us cyanide and giving us cancer?
AVAILABLE, IN ONE OF THOSE FANCY STORES
Is this supposed to be like, parodying a perfume commercial?
mlg pro
AttackWithHugs: and it was lovely for that :D
I knew it!
pony_80 but I love cyanide and cancer :(
I said perfume product and boom!
Dauven: eeeeeeeeeeeeeyup
haha
yay
AJ
so its commercial?
lol
:D
yay
the heck is going on. my head is full of fuck
:)
yay
Ya
:)
YAY!!!
YAYA
Yay
Poni poni poni
TWILY <3
Woah, Applejack plushie!
twi
YAY!
Twily
he's gonna get ALOT of plusies
pie
PINKIE
4 clopfics
3 CMCs
Pinkie
^.^
rar
>digimon
Dat Digimon xD
RARITY IS BEST PONY!
Rarity ;)
:)
sorry to hear that Dauven
fly
Yaaaaaayyy
what tje?
Fluts :3
the*
Man she really is loaded, giving all those gifts.
go home applejack, you're drunk
that A.J
6 elements
dat applejack
Although I got this.. Rainbow Dash hoodie from Hot Topic as a gift?
And it's awesome and all!
dash
GALA RD
Because I goddamn hate New Years Eve.
All I want is a Cadence Plushie. And I will be happy.
But the mane is made out of like, hideous looking felt.
dj pony?
vinyl
VINYL!!!!!!!!!
heh, got kicked
Is there a plushie of Secretariat? I've never seen one...
discord will be missed
8 TWILIGHTLICIOUS
/me has hatched an evil plan to get a wii u
... Audio drop?
LUNA!
LUNA
Wow!
lol
I want either a plushie of Pinkie or someone else
derpy_h: you havn't heard?
That was 4 alicorns
Wheres derpy?
That's fabulous!
luna is best plushie
I want Chrysalis and Octavia plushies. And Luna. And Rarity.
heard what?
Hello.
9 Flutter freakouts
Yeah, the episode after next has Discord comin' back, apparently, derpy_h.
i want that
AWWWWW!
TWILY AGAIN!
cant wait to see 12
YAYYY
Hi Ourobouros
YESSSSSSSSSSSSS
Dauven - SHH SPOILERS
oh, hey Alchemist :D
best a.j ever
IT'S ON WIKIBLEEDIA
And it hasn't even happened yet!
Dauven: NO SPOILERS.
Dauven: PREPARE TO BE BANNED
did i just saw fluttershy snipeing?
EXACTLY, ergo spoilers
Dauven: it doesn't matter.
Oh dude...
how long is this song?
Oh jeeze. >:
I'm sorry about that!
Dauven: We don't take to kindly to future episodes
Dauven: spoilers :|
Derpy: yes
The song of consumerism?
and a plushie of my favorite pony!!
CHRYSALIS!
dat duckface
Scoot-Scootaloo: There are future episodes?
aww yeah
:O
HOLY MOLEY.
SLENDERMANE! O.O
I won't do it again, but I'll understand if y'all have to kick me out. >:
Chrysalis is best Villian
Lil_B: It's the length of the original song, you know it goes to 12
inb4 scifpolc
we fucked
I want it.
oh Trollestia is there too
Fluttershy v.s Slendy that would be an epic battle
you can get chrysialis plushies?!?
Oh my, 12 canon shippings?
LYRA!!
J_E_Smith71 I don't know it, it doesn't exist in my country
My favorite pony = Robot Unicorn. The plushies for it are commonly referred to as "action figures."
lyra yes
LYRA!!!
Challenge: How many ponies total were mentioned in this song?
Lyra
LYWA!
Last video!
Lyra
again
:D
That was more than four in that last pic
And a pear on a partridge treeeeeeeeee
If yours wasn't shown,maybe tomorrow!
i saw Slendermane! O.O
safe the earth?
lol oh crap
nvm
make it count scoot
This animation looks.
wait a ninute that music....oh crap
Oh 'cause it's not animation.
mahboi
Ah, claymation.
ahh claymation
WEIRD AL! :D
i love this song
Is this Weird Al?
Kandarihu: But that song sounds like excessive consumerism to me....
Yeah, thought so.
weird al!
Uh oh
:P
dat santa
clay animation
:D
Some classic Weird Al
<He failed to install Gentoo
Lightning_Wing they no take requests no more now
hemad
Heh, I can only imagine Weird Al and Jonathan Coulton doing this kind of thing.
i already set my requests a while ago
nice video...
LOL
dat luger
#vinylscratch
this is a nice classic song
no no, meester santa no here
This is... good I guess
so peaceful
Had to reconect real quick!
Java, you should look it up.
Bad Hair Day is my favorite Weird Al album
e
Can't wait for movie :)
Wow what a happy story
idk what happent to my chat.
awww, I was hoping for the extra gory version
Proud: how cares this is my new jam
brb
aw crap, I'm too late. I was gonna request The Counting Song
this is so wrong...
Wait, you're bothered by people spelling "you're" wrong now? XD
Tovler: Oh that counting song :D
I used to always make fun of you for that
Lightning_Wing - this is Wierd Al.
hahaha
yup pretty much
which counting song?
So I can't actually find the movie on the front page. :B
...
The one and only counting song
It was actually "your" spelled wrong, not "you're" spelled wrong.
Dauven: It's the very top post, but I'll just tell you anyway.
uh this... is just sooo. great
Tovler I'm not familiar with it
villagio
well still
that scared the hell out of me
basically the same thing
daawwww
hnnnnnnnnng
the end :)
and then there were fwitters
I believe the movoe is wall-e
Thanks for the stream, Scoot-Scootaloo
what they hay?
O_o
AJ AS A FILLY
Kammerjunk: Top post for me is December 22nd lottery winners, I think!
.?.
*movie
Tovler pm it to me plz
Thanks Scoot-Scootaloo
For me, anyways.
dawww my video didn't get shown :(
err
That Adam Buxton counting song.
HE'S GANNA KEEL ME
?
thanks Scoot-Scootaloo
Thanks for the request period Scoot-Scootaloo
Thanks for streaming, Scoot-Scootaloo
Thanks Scoot-Scootaloo
Thanks Scoots!
Your videos will be shown tomorrow
It's a good thing I just watched Linkara's review of Ultimatum, or that would've been really dark.
Thanks Scoot-Scootaloo
Scoot-Scootaloo finished? That was sudden
bye everyone
Right now, Wrek time!
Scoot-Scootaloo when?
Thanks for the stream Scoot-Scootaloo
bye
well im ticked :|
so no more stream?:(
Dauven: That's the one. Films are chosen on a lottery basis every week.
Whoa, DUDE that sounds awesome!
thx for stream Scoot-Scootaloo
I missed the stream! I go into corner and cry :'(
o/
I'm gonna' DEFINITELY be here for that, thanks Kammerjunk!
bye everypony, see ya in 3hrs and 40mins
p3gu1n: another mod will take over soon!
Dauven: No problem.
Oh! How can I put some films in the running?
kk
Scoot-Scootaloo but at what time tommorrow, what time?!
WAIT! Don't leave!
And also, if you enter one do you have to be the one to stream it?
here comes the 500kb's image slideshow
yayy
Scoot-Scootaloo: why not
And after the new episodepost show... maybe
And the stream is still going on!
Aces High by Iron Maiden http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZO6giM9UAv0&list=PL1B0FCEF532E3DC85
My Wii U stopped playing vids >.<
Dauven: Oh, no. The mods will stream it. I actually forgot how you sign up for the newsletter, you'll have to ask one of the mods for that.
why is the stream gone?! if you get reference good for you
wheres the videos?
patience~
o nvm, streams gone
wheres the beef?
Kammerjunk: But to make suggestions you gotta' sign up for the newsletter, huh?
*stunned by cuteness*
"You're" = "you are", "your" = possessive form of "you". XP
Dauven: Yeah, with the newsletter comes a survey.
Dauven: How else will you get a ticket for the lottery? :$
how do you sign up for the newsletter, Kammerjunk?
so awdorwble
Tovler: This counting song right? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WXvsl8xgRxc
""You're" = "you are"" != ""You're" == "you are""
Okay! Yeah, same question, Kammerjunk
Send you e-mails to newsletter@bronystate.net
My Wreky <3
yep. Its like the only one that comes up on google.
can i send porn
coinflip2 - Dauven: I actually don't know if there's an easy was to do so now, so you'll have to ask a mod for that.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3W02NsP_mxE
Woooooooow.
Kammerjunk: okay thanks :)
I know the difference
Ok Mod, this song need to be added to the line http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WXvsl8xgRxc
Just incase we are actually arguing this
We are not
Let's not
:P
can we add 1 hour youtube videos?
Java: Sorry, stream isnt going on now. Requests closed.
Because I have known this since I was like 8
can we add 1 hour youtube videos?
who took the rum?!?!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9pzChni6H4
LadyCanary: I know, I just put this here so it can be shown later.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JZ9ayQISNok
So I've asked this once before--hasn't the Friday Movie Night always started somewhere around this time (or an hour or so ago)? Or has it always started in the time that it has now?
Kammerjunk: YES! Thank You!
Haha, okay! I'll click that, I already just e-mailed the address Scoot-Scootaloo did.
@Punkie_Pue that songs epic
One of these days, Black Swan will be A movie ;-;
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9pzChni6H4
http://www.pixiv.net/member_illust.php?mode=big&illust_id=32445027
pony_80. I like it a lot too
anyway, see ya'll later!
Hi, here is your daily Gif ^^ http://derpy.me/ktQCw
Bye Scoots! And thank you!
And for gods sake,don't spam youtube links >: (
bye Scoot-Scootaloo
bye Scoot-Scootaloo! Have a good one.
brb
that gif is terrible in quality
Later Scoot Scrimshack!
Buytoast: Juuuu¨p
Tovler: Yesss. But do you think that some people will understand it's complexity?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hckOo6Exwbo
no spam:'(
ok
Scoot-Scootaloo: But we can't do that during live streaming :(
There are a lot of people who for whatever reason don't get the difference, though. >->
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-TNiUFtiG4
LadyCanary: What exactly do you mean?
I mean, there's a LOT of symbolism and such in the movie, Tovler.
= != ==
Just pointing that out
when will these links be streamed?
Cello and Orchestra remix of The Final C ountdown by Europe http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IliwQImJrYE&list=PL1B0FCEF532E3DC85
LadyCanary: Anyone who's had a deadline could at least relate to Black Swan. Plus hasn't everyone seen the original Swan Lake?
Whenever he feels like streaming them
Guys. Stop spamming youtube links. The only place the videos you want will go is in the request room, which is CLOSED.
pony_80: Not now the request stream is over, we're just sharing links with each other now
kks
I don't think I've seen the original Swan lake.
Dauven: The closest you'll get to swan lake is Billy Elliot. xD
why would we be using '=='
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VjGSMUep6_4
Shes's a pony! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rQQpOUX_lh4
Tovler: But still, it's filed with symbolism and mis en scenes.
filled*
all i know is that i dislike pretty much all the links they shoot down this alley
LadyCanary I'm just posting some mid-stream music.
Because "You're" is already defined
zangorwarrior: Totally lost. :B
and that's how i keep track of what i've seen already
Dauven: xD
I am princess Celestia http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-TNiUFtiG4
It's constant
the final count down
Well, at least Black Swan is entertaining *sideeye's Southland Tales*
my glorious pony related video is almost finished
Lovely!
what a coincidence
BYeeeeeeeeeeee
pyrocatboy: that cello final countdown is amazing
bye Arcium
Tovler: But holy crap it was so gooooood.
Buytoast: I've actually never played the second one!
Dauven: Epic Mickey 2 and Rathcet & Klank: Full Frontal Assualt
I'm just explaining how stupid the argument was
Dauven: I got call of duty black ops: declassified for my PSVita
By creating an even stupider argument
LadyCanary: Southland Tales?
J_E_Smith71: Is that like, a new one for PS3?
...that mispelling
coinflip2: I can't imagine that a CoD on Vita would be that great.. How does it stack up?
Tovler: Black Swan.
coinflip2 Do you want my playlists? They have many genres in them.
^^"
blah
I'm just in a bad mood today, sorry
lol
Dauven: i didnt got any games, but i did got a gift card to Gamestop
Still saving money for Ni No Kuni :/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QtrI3r9ijnE
coinflip2: I like, stopped playing CoD a while ago. Tried it a few days ago and just like, it's way too stressful for me now!
Dauven: Yep its new and also on Vita. It's $20 for both versions at once
well ill be back
Wrek time
hi Wrek
A Wrek stream :O
Streaming's up
Kammerjunk: I'm broke, otherwise I'd go buy a buncha' indie games. :P
I was just trying to make a joke and it turned into an argument :(
I like cheese
Oh Hai, Wrek
/me cries
is the turnaround storm music?
WREKY!!!!
that*
Dauven: Go get humble bundle?
Dauven: have fun with your games :)
Fallout.
Why a bad mood?
thelonecubone|MW2: Thanks dude!
Dauven: So far, I've managed to not use anything. Wouldn't want them gone before I New Year's Eve.
/me gives Wrek a kiss <3
LadyCanary: My jimmies almost rustled. But yeah, Black Swan might be in my top 10.
well that was quick
:O
o
Of course it was Fallout.
fallout :O
ah the fuck
Oooh
I kind of just go crazy when I have to stay at my parents' house for more than a couple days at a time
ahhh fallout... so many memories
I'm not sure why
Dauven: Ya I actually don't really like fps's that much, but i bought it just for fun. I haven't even touched campaign yet, I've just been playing multiplayer. It's really good for a handheld.
Fallout
I wish someone live streaming Dark or Demon's Souls......
Who's streaming this?
whos playing?
Dauven: This here is Wrek.
isn't turnabout storm that bad cross over thing where they ruin phoenix wright with horses?
wrek
hello!
whose... whos the fuck is playing this amazing game
Dauven: look at the bottom right :)
LadyCanary: Thanks for the quick answer, pal. c:
You can see his watermark
Wrek: stream
Dauven: This is Wrek. Wrek draws amazing pictures and plays games.
Dauven: DEFINITELY dont piss him off.
Haha, I can't piss anybody off.
What happens if you piss wrek off LadyCanary?
well cum
And now I hand the reighns over to Wrek.
And also, shopping with my mom is not a fun experience
you're pissing me off right now son
Punkie_Pue: You dont want to know.
Wellcome to your dome.
Punkie_Pue: You piss off Wrek? Wrek pisses ON you.
lol
He is an awesome person, while streaming he will also play awesome music sometimes
Punkie_Pue: Or so I'd guess. This is my first time visiting. :B
I dont piss anyone off, i dont think
Dauven: Not even close.
pyrocatboy: sorry for the late response, but ya, could you send me a playlist or two? :)
Wreky voice <333
...
sounds good bro
LadyCanary: Wrek throws you a small party with just your family and a few close friends?
Dauven: First time? welcome to Bronystate, Make surre you read the rules:)
what is this?
Pissing off LadyCanary is like pissing off the Lady of Pain: you just don't do it.
Check the +20db boost is enabled in the microphone settings?
wELCOME Dauven
Dauven: Well, to put it like this, I told people he was playing Deus Ex: Invisible War and felt the retribution.
sure*
To be fair, I had that coming.
13CriticKitten: correction, you do it *once*
start>type "sound",>recording>Right clik ur mic>levels>100%
boy, i haven't heard Wrek talk this often before
Kammerjunk: What did the-
this a special occasion?
OH GOSH THIS IS MY FAVORITE EXPANSION!
Shizu: And then never again.
fallout is not for the weak hearted. those who can't take it plz leave
what is this???
Fallout
Because u ded.
can someone tell me?
This is easily my favorite expansion.
fallout??
Derpy fallout
Well we get an early taste of the opening to WALL*E
Dauven: It really is a great DLC.
does he h ave the poni mod
...
how many fallout games are there?
3
I think it's the one that ties all of the other expansions together the best.
i think 4
...no wait that joke doesn't work since there were no humans there
do you have any poni mods installed?
There is 5 games
coinflip2 I give you the link in a PM
Fallout=/=ponies. Not everything can have ponies in it.
pyrocatboy: okay, go ahead.
RainbowDashSavior: If you want pony mods, you should wait for the FO:E mod to be finished. They're remaking just about anything that fits.
it just doesnt work that way.
there is fallout fallout 2 fallout brotherhood of steel fallout 3 fallout NV
LadyCanary: I beg to differ
not everything needs goddamn horses in it
see: Fallout: Equestria
:)
for crying out loud people
Silent Hill can have pon… actually, i dunno
LadyCanary: You could just wear semi-transparent contact lenses.
k thx
and i think there is one that is called fallout Tactics
Dauven: Huh?
LadyCanary: You said not everything can have ponies!
That's Dead Money in a nutshell, really.
ive seen the dlc before. its awesome
Nah it's fine
If you get some lenses with like, an opaque picture of a pony printed on 'em.
You wouldn't be able to escape seeing 'em. Ever.
Unless you stabbed yer' own eyes out!
Or.. Like... Took 'em off..
just be glad its not G3 ponies :)
i cant watch it its to scary :S
Dauven: That reminds me, I haven't been using my lenses in a while.
Now he's dons his gay appearal...
Also, I need more. Dammit.
why the hell would you want giant colored horses obscuring your vision
Argh, time zones aggravate me sometimes...
I'd actually love contacts with a little star etched on the side.
Buytoast: One of the great philosophical questions.
since this is a bethesda game, I can't wait till Elder Scrolls Online!!
So I can cosplay SeeU ^_^
Kammerjunk: I can't trust myself to use contact lenses. I went to sleep with 'em in far too often when I had 'em.
wrek, ~ then noclip
Dauven: Yeah, I slept a few times with the lenses still in. Itches like mad the next day.
or ufo
Wrek Wrek :3
I just feel bad that you're in a bad mood and I don't think I really helped it. >-<
coinflip2 Did you get it?
Heeheeheehee ^////^
LadyCanary: Looks like somebody's got a little crush! :B
oh yeah there are some zones where you can't breathe if im not correct, if not correct me
Dauven: Well actually....
Tovler: dont speak about tht movie
You two are dating, aren't you?
Yup
Haha! I figured that was what was going on! :B
Do you guys live near each other IRL or is it a distance thing?
It's really okay
Dauven: Oh yeah, your new. LadyCanary X Wrek is one of the OTP in Bstate
yea
Volume is much nicer, thanks Wrek.
Yes yes sweetie.
Yep
nice and clear
Loud and clear.
don't worry about it
eeyup
Long distance Dauven.
I wish you guys luck!
Dauven: if you know what she means
Do I hear a dentist's drill?
I had a long distance romantic thing going with this guy from Louisiana.
is the fallout video over? :S
It didn't work out because we simply didn't both have the time to maintain like, skyping with each other and spending time together.
OCD the game
lost the game
no Derpy, its live-play, but i doubt it'll be very scary though
how the heck does a long distance relationship work
Wait a second Dauven...you're a lady?
Alchemist: OCD the game is called "Katamari."
Ohai Sprunkls ^w^
p3gu1n: Beats me.
hai tehlonpot :3
LadyCanary: Oh no, I'm a guy! I'm just gay. c:
Dauven: heard about it, seen it, never played it.
Ahhhh I see Dauven :3
Katamari Damacy¨
how long will the fallout video end? :S
Kammerjunk: i don't see how one can keep a relation ship that way
Katamari Damacy is wonderful!
Derpy: The end of the fallout video will last approximately 1 second.
Derpy: this game isnt Scary man
Derpy: I don't know hwo long the rest is gonna' be, though.
Derpy: Wrek said he'll probably play until BMN
p3gu1n: Me neither, but what do I know, I've never tried it.
will it looks scary for me :S
Dauven: gay huh. are you the big spoon or the little spoon
>_ >
<_ <
p3gu1n: Really?
ha
Uranium fever has gone and got me down.
no
its just a joke mama
mam
Wait, did Wrek just say please?
That is really personal p3gu1n
p3gu1n: I'm the shit covered spoon.
One good line deserves a response in kind, right? :B
did wrek just talk to me? well i believe i just done goofed up
p3gu1n: It can work provided both parties are trustworthy.
Hahahaha.
/me giggles.
With my guy, I was the big spoon, 'cause he was like, really short.
Heh
It honestly worked out fine. We broke up, but we're still friends an' all. c:
lol
the shit spoon?
I broke things off because I was starting to depend upon him way too much.
I guess I won't be able to pick Pitch Perfect for A movie until 2014.
Whoops, should've also been to Kammer. But yeah, it works fine, if both individuals are willing to commit to it.
Oh yeah, the ambient in Fallout NV is spectacular.
where does one get a shit spoon?
o hai ther
CriticKitten: Ah, I see.
what expansion is this?
hey rainbow jesus
-Laughs out loud at Wrek-
Nice Wreky xD
Alchemist: dead money
look, its britney spears!
Lel
Alchemist: This is my favorite expansion!
cowvarkian: oh hey, whats up
its Gaben
ohai
One of these days, I'll play an actual FPS
Alchemist: Have you played Old World Blues?
o hai
Alchemist: "just leave her alone!" XD
p3gu1n: are you the penguin I'm thinking of?
Kammerjunk: Unfortunately not everyone can handle that sort of thing, as I learned from my own experience. :p
Dauven: nope, just the vanilla game
cowvarkian: yep
cool
That is a LOT of flavor text.
She's not doingf any of those motions the text lies
Reminds me of Sawyer from Black Lagoon.
get back shes a suiside bomber
cowvarkian: imgay in the flesh
Dauven: This may sound wierd, but i just have to tell you. I have sooo much respect for gay people, whether male or female. To come out about your sexuality is not easy. You are more of a man than I ever will be. Brohoof. /)
p3gu1n: tis what I thoguht
*thought
And GOLF AD. I hate borrowing computers.
coinflip2: Haha, dude, brohoof! :B
stubburn aint she?
yeah only i can be so akward
I used to be really nervous about coming out because I was picked on for being gay when I was little, like..
why doesn't she speak?
I was picked on for being 'gay' before I even knew what being gay was.
How old is this game? I'm a bit surprised it can animate basic movement features, but doesn't animate any of its flavor text.... O.o
So there was a big stigma associated with it.
CriticKitten: Fallout: New Vegas came out in October of '10.
My headphones got tangled up around my leg, and for some reason it felt like someone was grabbing my leg. Scared the shit out of me :P
I got outed in High School, actually, so I can't say it was my own courage that caused me to.
But once I realized that the only people who really cared about it were people I didn't care for in the first place..
Really? O.o What's with the lack of animation, then? Weird....
I realized that logically? It's silly to be upset about anybody's sexual attraction.
Given that like, most people you'll probably NEVER be in a situation where you can even experience facets of that attraction firsthand.
XD
just ~ + noclip n flai
Dauven: ya, people these days throw that word arround alot. And we live ina time and place were everyone deserves to be accepted, no matter their sexuality, color or race.
CriticKitten: Well, he's not saying anything. She's mute.
And to me, getting upset over anything beyond that is just.. Gettin' upset at someone's nature. Which I don't think folks should ever do.
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Story: Of Skies Long Forgotten (Update Complete!)
CriticKitten: Yeah, that's one of the really cool things about this expansion, all of her communication is done in "pantomime."
CriticKitten: she's not*
I dont believe that discords coming back.. i cant wait
She shaved her head, she must be Sinéad O'Connor
Kammerjunk (First time seeing this) Or she had her voicebox cut out.
Y'know, since all of her voice-cords-box got slice-um-dice.
best VA ever!
coinflip2: Hear hear, man!
Dauven: That's more or less how I live. "Don't worry, be happy," I'd say, but I don't think that quite applies.
No, I know she's not able to speak. I get that. :p I'm just surprised that her actions aren't animated, but rather are shown via flavor text instead.
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Story Updates December 28th
Kammerjunk: Naw, it applies!
If something's not directly affecting you, why fret over it?
ehh
CriticKitten: I guess it was waaaaaay more time preserving this way. (for the programmers/animators I mean)
Dauven: Well, the thing is that I'm quoting Bobby McFerrin, but I do have concerns in life.
Acknowledge it, and whatever it might be, but don't tear your hair out over it. That's my viewpoint.
Dauven: well you cant ignore things that happen around you just because it doesnt affect you
I don't ignore stuff that doesn't affect me.
Dauven: well said, good sir. I don't know about you, but I still haven't told anyone I'm a brony. I want to, but I'm scared that I won't be accepted anymore by my friends or family. And there isn't any bronies near were I live, so I have no one to talk to, except you guys. And that means alot to mean when people have conversations with me on here. It completes me, and I just want to thank you, and every other brony, for acceptin
I acknowledge what it is that's happening, then move on.
Alchemist: Well yes, obviously it'd be way less intensive. But this *is* a AAA title so I guess I was a bit surprised they didn't put time into that, is all.
im home
bus was ;later getting there and got home late :\
Mission failed
ded
coinflip2: Aww, that's so sweet dude! c:
DIE
Fission Mailed
I told my family I'm a brony. I dun really give a shit what they think of me. ....uh, pretty sure you're not supposed to go splodey. o.o
Welcome back aniderp|bestcakeever :)
You're being attacked by ninja?
Wrek whats wrong? Wrek? WREK!? WRRREEEEEEEEEEECCCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKK!
CriticKitten: yes, a triple A title with an already outdated 3d engine :D
Dauven: I have a tear in my eye man, because of how beautiful this community is.
coinflip2: In my opinion, is someone who's not going to accept you just because you happen to like a certain cartoon a person that's worth having in your life?
I know it's more complicated with family though. Especially if you're depending on them for shelter.
Y'know, this is my first time ever exploring the community?
you got to admit that it would be a hella of a surprise to someone that doesn't know about the show
CriticKitten: You are right of course, though it didnt surprise/bother me.
I need to get active in the community. I'm losing my broniness.
I've always liked the show, but a week or two ago I dropped acid and watched a Ponies marathon?
why Wrek
Show like, took on a whole new meaning for me.
My family doesn't get it. To them it's like my enjoyment of Doctor Who. They don't like that show either. I think I was secretly adopted. >_>
It's my hands down favorite show now. c:
CriticKitten: Whatever, they're just TV-shows!
Dauven: Cool :)
I just don't make too big a deal of it.
CriticKitten: My dad likes MSNBC, and I don't, but I don't get on his case for it-
Dauven: I'm sure that doing acid while watching this show would have that affect
Dauven: Yar. I just like to joke about their lack of taste. :p
cowvarkian: It was absolutely amazing. unlike any other show or movie I've watched on the stuff.
Dauven: Oh boy. If you don't know a lot about the fandom, you'll want to stay away from places like 4chan's /mlp/ board.
Dauven: ya, if someone told me last year that my favorite show would be My Little Pony, I would have laughed. But now it is one of the biggest parts of my life, and it's the best thing that ever happened to me.
Kammerjunk: agreed
CriticKitten: I know what you mean, I like to tease my dad that he's watching more of "AgreeTV"
coinflip2: same here
LeGoMeEGGO: /)
Dauven: But yeah, to summarise my view on life, tolerance except for intolerance. That is to say, I tolerate everything about people as long as it's not intolerant or otherwise hurtful towards myself or others.
Kammerjunk: good outlook. bro
I had to watch other shows because I couldn't believe MLP was my favorite. :( I guess it actually wasn't.
In my experience, there is a line between "I like this" and "OMGTHISISTHEBESTEVARYOUMUSTLIKEITOMGOMGOMG."
can someone do me a favor?
yep!
whats that aniderp|bestcakeever
aniderp|bestcakeever: Depends on the favour.
Kammerjunk: That's a really nice philosophy. And tolerence except for intolerance is nice and concise.
:I
put me in a strait jakcet
:\
Bless ya Wrek
and throw me in spongey room
Gesundhoof
So yeah. I'll admit to liking it if asked, but I know that talking your ear off about it is a good way to ensure that the other person WON'T like it, too.
I would but I dont have one.
aniderp|bestcakeever: But you're on BronyState. I thought strait jackets were mandatory.
dat sneeze
That can be arranged
JAG_01: Best way I've found to get people to watch the show is to just be like.
Gesundheit and gesundheit two Wrek :D
JAG_01: I completely agree.
you dont gtet it..
"Yeah, it's pretty good. It's made by the same woman who did Fosters and the Powerpuff Girls."
im gonna flip really bad ...
aniderp|bestcakeever: What's wrong?
aniderp|bestcakeever: I'll be ther in a sec. but i'm in a strait jackets as well :/
there*
JAG_01: I mean, I'll mention it and talk about it if they ask, but that's it.
the only way to know if someones a brony, without directly asking them is to ask them if they recconise an mlp symbol (like a cutie mark), thats how i secretly ask people
JAG_01: I would also tell someone I liked it if they asked, but I'm not gonna shove it down their throat and force them to watch it.
Yep. All they need to know is "it's a good show, and a lot of people like it."
.. Why would you secretly ask people?
to avoid an hour of explaining
I've actually never told anyone I'm a brony.
Just come on out with it. Be like "Do you like Friendship is Magic?"
I'unno, I usually just open up by asking folks if they like cartoons.
That way it opens the door for me to talk about ponies without me just seeming like I'm jumping down the person's throat like-
"HEY NICE TO MEET YOU DO YOU LIKE PONIES?"
*watching Fallout 3 being streamed on the Wii U browser*
that awkward moment, when MLP gets brought up in a conversation for some reason with people you don't really know, and you have a split second to decide what to say not knowing whether they are bronies or haters.
this is newvegas
not 3
RainbowDashSavior: That reminds me of a thread I saw recently on /mlp/ on how to recognise other bronies. Something about a phrase. One would say "Praise the Sun," to which the other would respond "Double the fun."
I hope it doesn't catch on, that sounds silly.
Kammerjunk: Indeed.
I guess it would be easier to ease into telling them through a conversation than just saying "I LIKE PONIES!!!!"
i cant take it...
/me cries
coinflip2: Totally!
I'd start by talking about other good shows, and then use my judgemennt on whether or not I should bring ponies into it.
Whoa crap that was close
I can't wait for my 27th last-whole-pizza-I'll-ever-eat this year.
the cutie mark recognition method kinda works better though
i cant take it anymore...
/me claws at the ground
This some scary shit Wrek
And I really want to tell someone about it. There is a need within me to tell someone. But I can't bring myself to do it.
i just enjoy fandom with the great anonymous fanbase online
Anonymity is a blessing often ignored.
LeGoMeEGGO: same because everyone is so nice and accepting
Uakh: I laughed.
Uakh: haha
I don't think I'll tell anyone irl my love for Animal Crossing nor MLP
Uakh: :D
I told my best friend a few weeks ago, and it turns out that he was a brony all along lol
2 Hours, 57 minutes!
Tovler: animal crossing is amazing. nuff said
/me chews the carpet
RainbowDashSavior: same for me, although he wasn't so excited about it
:P
Tovler: I need to get animal crossing >w<
Okay, updating my music on my iphone now :3
/me chews aniderp|bestcakeever
Animal Crossing: the Movie for B
/me growls
Wait, there's an Animal Crossing film?
does anyone like the brony musician Silva Hound?
Dat reflex shot.
i havent playe dfallot in ages
coinflip2: Eeeup
Kammerjunk: Yup.
Dat moment when not sure if dead or alive.
/me puts tape on aniderp|bestcakeever's mouth
Hey everyone. :)
HEY male_writer
Hey male_writer how are you?
Hi male_writer
RainbowDashSavior: i've been addicted to his "Royal Wedding EP" for the past week.
Ohai male_writer :)
Hai male_writer
I am good, thanks for asking, how is everyone here? :)
Hey male_writer
I am good :D
doin good
male_writer: I'm fine
and i'm fine thanks
Best way to play an FPS: Play paranoid. Moves? SHOOT IT. Makes noise? SHOOT IT. Does nothing? ...SHOOT IT.
male_writer: Salve! I'm alright, thanks, albeit a bit tired.
Hey MLP_Brovakiin DerpyMuffins, and coinflip2
Hey guys.
Shoot all the thing!!!!
I HUG KITTIES!!
JAG_01: If you still have ammo left at the end of the day, you're doing it wrong.
lets see if I can listen to the Animal Crossing Wild World theme without crying...
@coinflip2: this is my favourite song of his: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCTw6a0MMEc
Hey DerpyMuffins, I wanted to thank you for introducing me or telling me about FimFiction. I love it!
male_writer: Just playing som cod at the time
Ah Wreky x3
:P
I just realized that I should be working on designing my website, but I'm too much of a lazy fucker to do so right now.
/me shits on the carpet
RainbowDashSavior: No videos during stream
kk
Happens to the best of us
No, if you still have ammo left, the next room is a boss.
And Juice behave.
Guys, don't sit on the carpet
LadyCanary: No, I'm just doing it so that I can have my own place on the net.
What am I doing in this game?
RainbowDashSaviour: ya that songs amazing!
male_writer No problem
You know, a homepage.
Ah.
LadyCanary: NO, YOU BEHAVE!
Sounds nice.
Aw, cute.
Good morning BronyState. :)
Jump him, contrain his arms.
That's what you get for sitting so close.
Yep, thats me.
Hi AdamTheDuck :P
A rrrrrrrapt audience.
its afternoon where i am AdamTheDuck
Oh man.
So far my favorite fanfics on there are the Spike fanfics, and how in some he expresses his feelings about beling left out most of the time by Twilight and the rest of the Mane 6
I had another window up for a second?
/me lick AdamTheDuck_ :P
LadyCanary: I had the other window up for a second and I like, heard Dean Domino's voice on Fallout-
?
And for a split second I thought it was Wrek's voice?
Ha.
And my first thought was like "Damn LadyCanary 's a lucky lady."
Toast
http://derpy.me/3OSlq best show
Whoops.
I havent read any fanfiction yet. Someone recommended Friendship is Optimal. Is it any good?
Oh, Dean Domino's voice. <3
Dauven: Oh I feel lucky ^^"
male_writer: Go read Background Pony
Like now
Oh, okay. And Background Pony is on fimfiction, right DerpyMuffins?
male_writer: have you ever read the fanfic "The Best Night Ever" and it's sequel "This Platinum Crown"? best fanfics I've ever read.
Yea
male_writer, yeah
/me poops on DerpyMuffins
Chem resistant?
Ouroboros: Depends on what kind of stories you like.
Pooped on by Juice?
Whoa whoa whoa
I think I have Coinflip2 and thank you CrystalPhoenix.
WHOA WHOA WHOA WREK
WHOA WHOA WHOA DAUVEN
Hmm ok, thanks Kammerjunk. Guess I'll just give it a try.
And those fanfics of Spike makes me wish there would be an episode where he expressed to them how he feels about being left out.
Juice: Stop that.
I don't even know what we're talking about
Hmm.
It's fucking gross.
expresses*
that feel when you see your favorite fiction getting recommended and you're not the one recommending it
Ouroboros: The thing is, it's in an alternate universe and with humans. That being said, it's still very very good.
I HUG CATS
Ah ok, thanks.
im back
Am I able to catch up with this series somewhere, or is this purely for the livestream?
Did she loose her spear?
Ghost trappers, They should have only one sound. "Are you my mummy?"
Good thing nopony is saying "_________ is best pony!"
Fluttershy is best pony@
______ is best pony!
spike is best pony
I would suggest Past Sins after that male_writer
hey look, I started playing Terraria :3
line poni is best poni
Oh ****
Rarity is best chatroom
I still think this chat needs more fabulosity.
http://i.imgur.com/Vwflr.jpg
oh, okay DerpyMuffins.
applejack is best background pony!
Ghost trapper mummy is best mummy
:P
male_writer: yes, Past Sins is really good, and also Equestria From Dust.
Who HATES Rd?
CNreal: youtube has lots of episodes if you just search
are you my mummy? Zacklego
I love all the ponies, it is hard for me to choose which one is my favorite
Also, Happy Birthday to Stan the Man Lee ^_^
Past Sins is overrated
Juice why would you say nopony? Nobody here's a pony.
LeGoMeEGGO: Am currently searching
I never read Past Sins, really. Too occupied waiting for A Changing Perspective to update.
It's a saying
13String_Shredder: says you
I would say this, I will read those fanfics, but FimFiction puts Fanfiction's fanfics to sleep
CrystalPhoenix: ya it gets a lot of hype, it's still good though
Shizu Shizu.
on the internet nopony knows youre a pony
the food probably aged well
13~<3
So, what movies are tonight?
I didn't know you were here Shizuka. You're obviously a pony.
Anypony HATE RD?
clydesdale: Look on the homepage.
I'll have youtube read Past Sins to me.
Juice: I don't hate her, but I think she's more cute than awesome.
Ok
I despise her
Cool bro.
Juice: Why exactly?
Hey, leave RD alone, there is nothing wrong with her.
i love all the ponies, just some more than others
inb4 its because of that jousting ep bit with fluttershy
"The Best Night Ever" and "This Platinum Crown" are the best fics I have ever read.
How about we dont complain about best/worst pony.
male_writer: Well, what's wrongv with him having an opinion?
http://derpy.me/38cJU How can you say no to that face?
Dauven: She's always admires herself.
Please. It's so passe.
the only fanfic iv ever read is draconequus and i read it out of boredom lol
...
All I want is to understand why he doesn't like her.
Dauven: probably some silly reason
Juice: Of course she does. Her character is an archetype centered around being the best.
Everyone has their own opinion. To each their own.
well, nothing wrong with it. I apologize
Kammerjunk: I'll smash her face
AND knowing it.
Twilight is similar to Rainbow Dash in that she's the best, but is humble about it.
Juice: and who is your favorite?
damn lagg
Juice: You should talk to Meanwhile some day. Just ask him about Trixie and you two should be set.
darn. I can't use interpuncts in nicknames
twilight_sprinkle: Pinkie Pie
Juice well I'll steal your face
But Rainbow Dash's personality is such so that she constantly STRIVES to be the best.
thereb is no best pont or worst pony there is only opinions
/me steals Juice 's face
what's everybody's favorite shipping for fanfics? mine is Rarishy. And I HATE Flutterdash.
It'd be hard to carry that same archetype if she wasn't at least a little bit full of herself.
Mr: true
pyrocatboy: can i have some of his face?
yes
Mr: there are only opinions
not there is
Wrek is now the man
well, their
not there
/me air quotes
/me steals pyrocatboy's face
my keyboard is very sensitive please forgive my writin
no its there
Mr: its fine
Juice: Plus, it's not always straight up being full of herself. Being the best is of such importance to her that she's sometimes stricken with doubt, or even self depreciation.
their is someone's
*8writing
/me get's the HATE list
/me becomes pyroSlendeRboy
Too late for that.
/me crickets
well hi guys, long time no see! is this fallout 3 or new vegas?
Dauven: so, she's a commedian?
Oh, no. I just lagged.
-Shrug.- It kinda' baffles me to think that most people think Rarity's like, the only complex character in the show.
LeGoMeEGGO: Can't find anything. What did you type into the search to find this?
v
/me adds RD fans
This is New Vegas, Flyboy!
kewl
ah sweet, A revolver c:
Juice: at least she showed some humility in wonderbolt academy.
CNreal: you're looking for MLP episodes right?
Juice: Rainbow Dash is like, not even in my top 3, bro.
LeGoMeEGGO: er... no
time to drench my keyboard in isoproyll alcohol
/me starts stalking Juice
Cool bro.
and guys, stop with the RP.
Juice: It makes me sad and amused at the same time that some bronies have hate lists.
Juice: Wait, HATE?
CNreal: oh, my mistake, well then i have no idea. sorry bud
Kammerjunk: Right?
LeGoMeEGGO: lol it's kk. Imma just sit back and watch then.
"HATE. Let me tell you how much I've come to HATE you since I began to live."
/me changes "HATE List" to "secret dislike list"
It takes a lot for me to genuinely hate something. Basically, you have to screw up REALLY bad for me to hate.
Kammerjunk: I have no mouth yet i must scream
http://i.imgur.com/tsJNb.jpg Eeemmeegerd
Well, HATE is a strong word, let us just say strongly dislike
JAG_01: I can't hate anyone for a screw up. O:
Usually, if I don't like something, I just don't care.
I hate nopony.
Rex_Mundi: That's the one.
Kammerjunk: now you reminded me of the dave chappelle with the haters ball skit
so who is actually streaming?
Wrek is
Wrek
Ugh, It's like people harrass me for hating PooDiePie
Wrek
lord Wrek
thelonecubone|MW2: Oh, lol.
i heard that the mlp/Phoenix wright crossover is 98% complete
I don't really hate anything or anyone! Even stuff I find absolutely AWFUL I can still find amusement or beauty in it for the sake that it's a pinnacle of badness-
Take Rebecca Black's Friday, for example.
OI.
Absolutely horrible, all of it.
I'm waiting for Children of the Night.
Dauven: same!
Wrek: can i see that assassin suit your wearing? I wanna know if its the one i think it is
That lovely mess of a turd sammich.
Every part of it. But do I still love it? YES.
:P
I'm told that I'm supposed to hate Justin Bieber.
Juice: The worst part of anything is always the loudest. And to be fair, PewDiePie and Tobuscus have some of the loudest fan followings I've seen.
Lord Wrek, Gamer extrordinare, master of the saucy sexy pony art. Mod of Bronystate.
Inded Dauven, it is catchy
@Dauven same
Dauven: I agree.
whenever i stand up from my pc desk I forget I have headphones attached to my computer and they get ripped out of the socket.
=D!
Eeyup
and I also kick my flash drive thats sticking out of the front, and usually bend and bust it off the contacts.
There are terrible songs out there, but I think what makes the song good although it is bad is the catchiness in it
is everyone alking about everything apart from the stream?
Wrek, slugs are like rifle rounds fired out of shotguns
I don't think that's what makes it good!
Mr_Kopple: yes
It's just.. I watched it while I was tripping?
lol
Like I said, you'd have to REALLY try to get me to hate, and not just ignore you.
oh, okay
And every aspect of that song carries across the same feeling to the viewer.
I hope this topic ends soon
Tovler: Indeed. That's what we have all been told. It is our decision whether to harbour those feelings or not.
Dauven: you watch alot of things while high, don't you
Does anybody know if Wrek uploads these sessions somewhere?
Mr_Kopple: On BronyState, we're always talking about everything except what's actually going on.
Kammerjunk: except if its MLP episode
LeGoMeEGGO: especcially then
*especially
LeGoMeEGGO: Well, if an episode is live, the chat moves too quickly for me to see what the hay we're talking about.
So I hide.
LeGoMeEGGO: exactly
/me starts saying his thoughts on everything
I always trip on my headphones whenever I leave my computer
Glory to the Terran Republic.
Juice: Everything is pretty big, you know.
Kammerjunk: Eeyup
my reading speed has improved 20% by trying to read everything on chat during an episode
I've set my workspace up in such a way that despite my clumsiness, I don't bump into or harm my hardware when I move from my seat.
Kammerjunk That what she said.
Kammerjunk: it's not THAT big
pyroSlendeRboy: I kind of had that coming.
yep
I'll start small Bronystate is the blablablabla secrets
hello everypony!
BLABLABLA
Moron.
Hi
moonslicer: eeyyyyyy
I don't like morons
hi
I've set up my workspace in such a way that I can sit down and do nothing
hello moonslicer
hey moonslicer
I can't even watch a live stream for two reasons: In canada I would have to wake up at 8:30am, and I would be too distracted by the comments. So i jus download the ep when I wake up at noon.
hi java hi mr kopple
Like I'm suppose to
moonslicer: sup
hi cn real
Does anyone here watch Rythian's Minecraft Tekkit videos?
No
coinflip2: where do you download episodes?
eenope
/me watches Portlandia since Lauren Faust watches it.
XD
no but im watching a gangnam minecraft pardory
Oi.
This game reminds me of a futuristic skyrim.
just find it on youtube
@ladyCanary uwotm8?
Excuse me?
is it safe for me to say he looks like slenderman?
coinflip2: that's nothin'. I live on Guam and got up at 5:00 AM expecting to see a movie. I must've confused the times again
uwot?
Simon_Petrikov: same company
I LIKE CAYS
oh ok.
cays?
*cats
LeGoMeEGGO: I feel bad about this, but piratebay. I would love to throw money at hasbro, but I'm broke. so ya.
caimans?
stahp startin
I'm a pirate
Stop startin' and start stoppin'.
CNreal: oh shit...
Juice: /)
" cumon TNT? that dont bother me im like slenderman do it properly!"
watching Bayformers is how you can throw money at Hasbro
coinflip2: (\
Well, I'm going to go play Terraria, bye everypony.
Bye Simon_Petrikov
HE LOOKS LIKE SLENDERMAN *shudder*
bye Simon_Petrikov
hehe watched sorcerers apprentice and quite enjoyed it
99% of people dont pay for the episodes lol
coinflip2: yeah, i got up two hours ago, thinking I missed the new episode... when it shows the next day
thelonecubone|MW2, ur mums a slag
stop starting
I dont download them though
WHO WANTS A PIECE OF MAI POO?
CNreal: made that mistake
Juice: you do
CNreal: wow.
Jokes
thelonecubone|MW2, gotta stop startin
okay i will
:>
Butthurt detected in chat
Lol Wrek
if this lets play was a slenderman one i would have nightmares for weeks!!
I would like to announce something!
I've been noticing that when I join a Bronystate stream I usually end depressed
I swear, if I'm off school for more than two days, I lose track of what day it is.
I've got to wait until the middle of the afternoon to watch MLP tomorrow >.>
So?
same
No big deal.
Ditto. Starts at 4 PM here.
stop talking about that slendy guy
I respect all of your opinions, even if they are wrong.
starts at 7 am for me
do i want to get slaped
I get super inpatient
I am glad I got MLP set to record of my DVR so if I wake up late tomorrow I will have it to watch. :)
Juice: same, but we cant reply to everyone haha
Kammerjunk: tell me 'bout it. I've been asking around if the schedules for Friday Movie Night changed over time
Kammerjunk: It's Friday, right?
hey, imma watching you wrek
RainbowDashSavior: Yeh
Dauven: I think so, yeah.
Think movie night's today.
Dauven: It's Saturday here
2hrs 30 min
Stop stealing my stuff Wrek! -shakes fist-
it doesentrealy matter for me since for the past three days i have been going to slee at 5 and waking at 4
Mr_Kopple: Hah, tell me about it.
im watching a slenderman video when its nearly my bedtime
Problem is that my parents usually roll me out of the bed if I'm still asleep by noon.
SHEESH IM BUCKED UP
@Kammerjunk lol same
Juice: ...
Being a brony, I now want to open a cupcake shop.
eww
Wrek:
Right, I'm off now, bye
dat link =(
ErasedKitty: Valedico!
is this red dead redemption or borderlands
Juice: That story is how I got into the show. Anybody else?
le chips
yes
no Fallout NV
What CNreal, Cupcakes?
oh well happy nightmares for me
dead money expansion
bye everypony im on tomorrow!
OC-outlaws: its dead space
cya moon
bye
Bye moonslicer
bye
ahhh, that was another choice i had. quite fancy playing fallout
I LIKE CATS
male_writer: yeah. I read it, saw the reactions, and I wanted to be just as terrified.
^
Not how I got into the fandom, though.
One time I saw rainbow milk
But reading that thing was just silly.
well, I think the video is for frightening than the fanfiction
I have never read cupcakes, and never will.
I was like "MUHAHAHAHAHAH"|
Never.
RainbowDashSavior: READ IT
so far, the only fanfic I've read was My Little Dash. It was hilarious.
Kammerjunk: It works for others, bvecause the bad writing is made up with our vivid imaginations
because*
NEVER!
i saw the vido it was funny till the bad part...
READ IT
simplest Wrek
NAO
simplest, Wrek
no....STAHP
"Find Dog in the simplest of beasts"
simplests of beasts i think
Wrek: it says find dog in the simplest of beasts
RainbowDashSavior: Read. it
If at first you don't succeed, shoot it.
If you don't read it, watch it
No, I recommend read it, not watch it.
I enjoyed both
I have a feeling Wrek has played this expansion before.
Watching it gave me the heeby geebies
The god is dog
iv watched a few seconds of it, but couldn't watch anymore
just no.
I Loved the part where RD died
That music
So... something unrelated, when you see somthing funny in, say a conversation, what would you say: "lol" or "wow"
YOU'RE GONNA GET READY TO DIE
why do people even make those dark fanfics for lol
CNreal: both
JuiceTheHuman: godamnit Juice
CNreal: What?
CNreal: Depends on where I hold that conversation.
shock value, RainbowDashSavior
Cypresswolf: very true.
CNreal: If in real life, I'll laugh. Even if it's a fake laugh.
Kammerjunk: I prefer LoL over WoW.
Has anyone seen the .MOV videos on youtube, like SHED.MOV?
@CNreal ild say lol because saying wow makes you look like an asshole imo
And that's why I avoid Cupcakes. Not a fan of shock material.
CNreal: o u
I LOVE SHED.MOV
WoW seems like a bit much to say
Please dont talk about the .movs...
>_>
Why does everything almost happen to Dash though, and I mean everything bad in those horror fanfics or videos?
wow- world of warcraft?
RainbowDashSavior: me either. I read a fanfic that was really good (it was a flutterdash shipping) but right at the end RD died, and then Fluttershy killed herself. I was in depression for months, and still sort of am because of that. It was really well written though. It's called "The Walls". Read it if you dare. (and the disturbing ending is only an alternate ending, so don't read the alternate ending if you don't want to be d
I can't wait til SWAG.MOV
male_writer: i dunno, people just dont like dash for some reason, dont see why.
male_writer: i may be wrong though
the .movs seem like a distant memory.
p3gu1n: which do you prefer to say when you see something funny, like in a conversation: LoL or WoW?
That was just a joke, right?
Wrek <3
one of the first pony fics I read - before I ever heard about the fic that shant be named - had Rarity as a rich fashion pony kidnapping other ponies to make her dresses
Did Wrek just talk to the chat?
Seemed kind of mean spirited, Wrek.
Welp, we were all thinking it, but Wrek said it.
I mean doesn't the people who do write these fanfics or make these videos that it will draw a negative outlook on MLP though?
Wrek: thats an... erm... Interesting view you have there
@coinflip2:LOL NOPE
VVVE VVVILL DIE
not reading it
Happy Friday!
Dauven: Nah he jokes around, mostly.
Was gonna' say.
The dresses were ponies
CNreal: um "thats fucking halarious
*"
Fallout 3 or New Vegas?
Use V instead of W
Sitting in judgment of others? PROBABLY A RAAAAARITY FAN
SuperSanjitenks1989: NV. Dead Money.
These aren't ponies D:
seems legit
p3gu1n: I prefer LoL over WoW. WoW seems like a tad much.
Dauven: how did you know
Level 10 hypocrisy right there.
and the .MOV videos make the ponies look, how can I say this kindly, not unattractive
derp...
Why is the stream buffering?
I couldnt tell you what that one was called - one of Equestria Daily's earliest fanfic posts
i never did like rarity
the one who wrote that was wrong
I mean unattractive*
*blacklists "the walls" keyword in the ip settings*
I saw a Swag.mov preview.
MR_Kopple: but... Rarity is best pony...
And good grief, in the .MOV they give Fluttershy Fat Albet's voice
Me too
Albert*
the only pony i dont really like is pinkie. she reminds me of all the attention seekers i get at school. although i dont hate her.
what the hell i just got kicked?
Which Pinkie?
-_-
.mov or REAL?
cowvarkian: dude i got kicked?
Flyboy: but.. but...
Pinkie is awesome. :(
penguin: apaprently
*apparently
smile smile smile :'(
SMILE SMILE SMILE:O
Frown frown frown.
gak gak gak
SMILE SMILE SMILE:O
GAK is fun
Yap yap yap!
nope nope nope.
fill my gut up with moonshine moonshine
RainbowDashSavior: trust me, i have nothing against her. she just brings up memories of assholes at school because of the way she... is...
dammit still waiting for the last .MOV ..... HURRY IT UP WILL YA!
I think things happen to Rainbow Dash, because she's really Daring.
Smile smile smile always puts me in a good mood. :)
What does everyone mean "things happen to Rainbow Dash?
Who would want to compete with Pinkie in a speed talking contest?
coinflip2: It puts me in a good mood too
male_writer: My friend Norris would! He likes to rap though.
male_writer: Uhhhh........ a pony
Dauven, she gets killed in those horror related fanfics or videos.
JuiceTheHuman: /)
male_writer: The Micro Machine man
Like, freestyle rapping and stuff.
(\
I would be honored to go against her
if i had to rate every mlp canon song in order from 1 to 20 or so, i wouldn't be able to even get the first 2 down lol
male_writer: Whoa, I didn't know that. Probably because the character who is the most full of themselves is usually one of the soonest to go in a horror movie?
hello
Cool Fallout 3
Wrek: he's not in the sierra madre
IEATCUPCAKESDOYOULIKECUPCAKESCAUSEILOVECUPCAKES
Jesus, am I the only one didn't go to a school with bullies?
hi SilverLining
[Alpha]: nope, new vegas
Well, yea, that is true Dauven
Kammerjunk: I didn't/ I'm not
Kammerjunk: ME:)
[Alpha]: Actually,... yeah what Flyboy said
Kammerjunk: Probably! My school had bullies!
oh I forgot they visually look the same
lel: http://cheezburger.com/6908081920
No, but, I played a Mario game with bullet bills, so… there's that.
Is the stream buffering for you guys?
Kammerjunk: I had been bullied from 1st to 8th grade. And JuiceTheHuman, try refreshing
smile smile smile is still best song tho lol
Ok
RainbowDashSavior: CORRECT
Whats wrong with your face?
all the songs are good to me. :)
male_writer: same! ;)
Reallylikehermane: he's a hundred something year old super mutant
Do you guys think all bronies smell bad? Or just me?
Reallylikehermane: Pie incident?
I love the Cupcake song Pinkie sings to Apple Bloom in "Call of the Cutie"
lol Dauven
"So, you opened my cage for a rea-..." GOLF AD!
Dauven: you're probably right
Dauven: Idk, I've never met one in real life. ;)
JAG_01: Go get adblock or ghostery
Can't. Borrowed comp.
rofl
JAG_01: Oh, sorry
JAG_01: I'm sure they won't mind
And you won't like him when he's angry.
I just hope though in the show, they keep Spike small, but only grow with age.
what game is this?
cowvarkian: No dude, there's an unwritten rule not to install something to someone comp without their permission.
fallout NV
male_writer: ya spike just wouldn't be spike if he grew up.
SilverLining: Fallout: New Vegas. The Dead Money DLC.
cool
Java: I break that rule all the time
thank you coinflip2
so its wall-e that starts in 2hrs?
cowvarkian: :(
:)
Sinestro: Yup.
thanks
08,01fuck a duck, i need some chocolate
Wrek: wait a sec... HE ATE THE COLLAR?! that guy's got one hell of an appetite
my favorite line though has to be "YOU"RE GOING TO LOVE ME!" from Fluttershy
a chocoduck. kill two birds with one stone
He ate a collar WHOLE?
how do you eat something around your neck?
male_writer: yes, that was a classix
classic*
CNreal: It taste like metal....
o.O
Wat
Im gonna go play minecraft for about 2 hours and 12 minutes
those candy necklaces were delicious
Bye!
bye Doctor
bai bai
Java: I rather like the taste of iron.
oh, i wish they would bring them back, candy necklaces
I HUG CATS
Tovler: I HATE THOSE THINGS!
I CUG HATS
Java: that's not good?
my little brother is crying beause my dad is going to work..
I EAT CUPCAKES
CNreal: Need more salt.
I eat muffins
Mr_Kopple: that was random but amusing.
Cupcakes are bettah
Then I'll go to Taco Bell.
:!!!
Java: Ah. I thought I was doing something wrong.
OH GOSH!
xD
Cupcakes > Muffins
Dude, do you guys wanna' pick what I eat from Taco Bell?
Frosting, man.
Especialy Cupcakes HD
adding salt to Pepsi makes it taste a little more like Coke.
Taco Bell Rocks!
JuiceTheHuman: Blueberry muffin to be exact
6_9
Dauven: Mexican Food is heavenly, though not as heavenly as Chinese
Dorito Loco
I don't like muffins
Chinese is too much money for me right now, coinflip2!
oh, coinflip, you are right about that
Chorizo
Otherwise I would.
They have grey feathers in them
Tovler: Adding Coca Cola to Pepsi makes it taste a little more like Coca Cola.
Taco Bell isn't mexican food
I think I will try to make fried rice today.
there isnt even 1 fast food mexican place in australia lol
Love Chinese Food!
Dauven: but taco bell isn't even real mexican food
I always have to spit the gray feathers out
Dauven: Isn't it always! :)
cowvarkian: I know! But it's got uh.
he's right
Does strikethrough work here?
[s]strikethrough[/s]
?
I was gonna' do something silly.
Dauven: I don't think this cat room allows those commands.
Kammerjunk: and adding half and half to skim milk makes it tastes more like whole milk.
Cat room?
... Oh, chat room of course.
lol
Dauven: Meaow
Mario: I WANNA **** THE TOWN WITH MY TWO OWN HANDS
Now we are all cats.
miaow miaow moaw?
meow
This guy's starting to sound like a Linkin Park album.
Dauven: Sweet! I really want the brony tuke that has RD on it.
I love cats
Hi there, so best pixar ever tonight :d. I'm in
CriticKitten: hahahaha.
/me collects all of the kitties
My Little Cats
everytime people say lame i think of audio codecs
coinflip2: Tuke?
hi Algent
Dauven: I have two Dashie shirts. Got them around the beginning of the second series. I don't mind, they're not "in your face"
/me gives CriticKitten cat food
o hi
Sierra Madre = Closed Mother?
Dauven, sorry i meant toque, like a winter hat?
My little pussy, my little pussy, aaaaaaaaah
RainbowDashSavior: I think of people who can't walk
I got a rbd shirt, it cost $35 to ship lol
Never heard of a toque! You should send a picture.
Stallion_of_War: He was "born" in this place
I got this AWESOME Fluttershy shirt, too!
MY LITTLE GA K MY LITTLE GA K AHHH
It's like, the coolest shirt I've ever owned.
Let me show you guys!
Stallion_of_War: he was unable to leave
Dauven: k I'll PM it to you.
GA K
GA K
JuiceTheHuman: go die
/me hugs cowvarkian
JuiceTheHuman: Pls leave
All this talk about Taco Bell is making me hungry. I am going to get off for a little and go find me something for dinner. I will be back. See ya'll later! :)
Nope.avi
Me neither :(
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6yqalQjBU1qhkcz7o1_500.png
Check THAT out!
How cool is that shirt?
Hmm, A Malcolm X T-Shirt or Rainbow Dash shirt? Compromise and combine the 2.
awesome dauven
Dauven: Awesome :O
Dauven: It''s UGLY
A rainbowdash Touque would be awesome
JuiceTheHuman: you're messin' with me, right?
/me wonders what he walked into.
I hope he isnt
Dauven: that's a Shirt? MUST HAVE! and did u get my PM?
coinflip2: Hangon one sec!
Dauven: Uhh..... I really like your....... mane?
k
Dauven: that one is pretty good
coinflip2: That hat is adorable! The shirt is uh. Just search Fluttershy nouveau.
Dauven: The shirt has a ugly bird on it
that's a good threat.
Haha. "I'm going to prove it by not doing it."
JuiceTheHuman: Hahaha. x3
Dauven: k Thanks :)
STILL yapping to this guy???
JuiceTheHuman: That's actually Fluttershy's real name.
Who else just loves mind games?
wut is he doing
Uglybird.
Fluttershy: :'(
nomnomnom
OC-outlaws: *fapping
not long now
lol
:P
Oh gosh.
omai
Nevermind. Not gonna' discuss NSFW stuff.
All I'll say is that I saw like the most ridiculous rule 34 for ponies I've ever..
Good idea.
I don't even.
I thought FS's name was: Ugly piece of shit
Jacqueline Fiona Apple
I thought Fluttershy's name was Fluttershy.
And I thought JuiceTheHuman's real name was: Types-Slow-Like-Molasses.
Get it?
god mode activate *srints awa*
Nope
Make me thing I should play new vegas :|
think*
JuiceTheHuman: I don't understand why you are making this much argument
I though Dauven's real name was: Mr. Meanie Pants
LeGoMeEGGO: I think he's just bored.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ncbLai_7pRM
iv saw that hat on omegle lol
JuiceTheHuman: No non image links.
Behave.
JuiceTheHuman: naw, thats you name
Dat kick.
JuiceTheHuman: That's DOCTOR Meanie Pants, thank you very much.
Lol
@JuiceTheHuman
Kick kick kick~
MY GOD
I thought it was Mr.
JuiceTheHuman: It was up until about a year ago!
...okay, that Starburst ad was kinda funny.
Finally completed my doctorate.
/me adds Bronystate to the "Sites that make me depressed"
Again?
JuiceTheHuman: O///O
-________________--
??
JuiceTheHuman: blushing face
How could this site make you depressed? :c
Dauven: CLASSIFIED
JuiceTheHuman: Is there anything I can do to help you feel better? c:
That reminds me of the list I have about things I don't care about aptly titled "List of Things I Don't Care About." It stopped at entry 61 when I added the list itself.
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Animation: Skydance
Kammerjunk: :D
Kammerjunk: Sounds like the whole list was a bit of an oxymoron, good thing you stopped making it.
Now I'm reminded of the song: My Favorite Things
Could you put that in a memo...
Dauven: It was 3 AM. I didn't have much to do.
now someone finifh it
Kammerjunk: sleep?
finish*
Sleep is usually a viable option, yeah.
cowvarkian: Haha what.
What cowvarkian said.
ms text doc is best listing program
Kammerjunk: Start smoking weed to help ya' sleep!
Hi all
It works. c:
hallo
What is this 'sleep' thou speakest of?
Dauven: You could make me a cupcake
You're old, Wrek :|
Dauven: I need some weed :c
A Rainbow cupcake
thelonecubone|MW2: Do ya' live in New England at all?
hehehehehe
...
Dauven: nope
:I
Hahaha
the gala event?
Cupcakes are against the rules?
Yes.
Whoa whoa whoa, wait.
What kind of brony ass brony
No cupcake-talk?
why did he soud so german saying yeah
Dauven: wut
We can discuss the FOOD cupcakes obviously. But not the fanfic
TOOK OUR JEWBS
well i'll be back in a couple hours. ta ta for now
Seeing as what?
Oh.
/me makes a shit-ton of rainbow cupcakes
I'd never heard of the fanfic! x43
Dauven: probably becuase of the fanfic title cupcakes.
Wrek: yeah and F:NV is allowed. rofl
Dauven: Just FYI, there's a FAQ section as well as a Rules one.
Good, Dauven.
I just thought like, talk of cupcakes was off limits.
/me gives Dauven a rainbow cupcake
I cant eat cupcakes anymore, its more of a choice
the fanfic cupcake is old and tiresome. It's getting overused.
/me saves the cupcake for after Taco Bell.
Personally, I prefer Red Velvet.
Dauven: Do yourself a favor and don't look it up
Can we go ahead and-
USE HOTSPOT SHIELD
-
Warning acknowledged :V
Thank you Wreky.
I won't ever again!
he kicking juice
nanana hey hey hey goodbye
warning adhered
yes Dauven DO NOT READ CUPCAKES!
All caps makes it all the better.
I prefer blueberry cupcake :p
Fallout New Vegas I see.
Is that even a real cupcake?
I really do prefer cupcakes over muffins. It's the frosting, you see.
I like green tea cupcakes
Kammerjunk: it always does.
OMG LOL
... Did they really have horsemeat in them?
Tovler: You've never had blueberry cupcakes?!
Dauven: You can do what you want but you have been warned.
horsemeat cupcakes?
Hello everypony :)
Tovler: Oh my lord that sounds yummy. AND EW..
Oh, Wrek..
You live in Sweden, don't you?
hey
Dauven: That's right!!!!
Kammerjunk: Nope.
sandwich filler?
haylo
WHOA
DELICIOUS
HOLY HELL
The problem with cupcakes some people bake it wrong :(
hello
TOTAL SHOT IN THE DARK
pewdiepie
Florida.
Tovler: That's a shame, man. They're so good.
Duuuude. I'm the best!
There was a place that had some really good strawberry cupcakes with cream inside. They stopped selling them though
haha gj dauven
So Muffins are good in the morning
Wow! No one has ever got it on the first try Dauven!
This DLC sucks
muffins are always good
I remember playing it
*sigh* Im lonely today.
ughh i'm so craving some pastries now
You're never lonely here.
This guy is quite chatty for someone with a slave collar around it's neck...
LadyCanary: it has a fresh flavor, if I described it correctly.
J_E_Smith71: Real strawberry?
LadyCanary: I'm surprised I was right!
What Wrek said.
lol
+1 wrek
indeed.
DoctoDoctorWho: at least you've got us. :)
fuck him
He's an annoying little shit.
wrek wht is it you hate about pewdiepie
Wrek: The accent sounded familiar, 'cause I used to have a Swedish friend.
this is weird
Thought not as thick as my old friend's was.
Java: It was strawberry icing of course, with a gummy strawberry candy on top
oh
I'm so happy I got it! :3
I watch him, but his fanbase sucks ass
So Wrek , what personalities do we have in the team?
....Wrek wat.
Pewdie is okay. He's much friendly than most LPers.
RainbowDashSavior: Damn straight it does.
k guys, now i really want a cupcake.
Okay, before I leave to get this food.. Does anyone have a suggestion for what I should get from Taco Ball?
Im not friends with any of the true regs, and all my friends are gone right now.:(
streaming new vegas?
Who's the dickhead who thought they could keep Juice away?
DIABEETUS
they act like 5 year olds lol
almost bless you
coinflip2: Go and buy one!
Currently I'm chatting, watching fallout gameplay, and playing Arkham City :P
he ded
...Wrek what u doin.
JuiceTheHuman: Everyone, I think.
dying
Juice is in again Wrek
JuiceTheHuman Oh, you're ban evading now?
Oh happy day.
I hate how ratcheted internet personalities have terrible fanbases.
Dauven: don't they have 2 tacos for $1 or something?
juice is back ....
coinflip2: Really? Whoa. I'll have to check that out.
juice needs to be banhammered
Juice, use hotspot shield so u can instantly re-join
Anyways, leaving now. Too hungy. I'll be back, though?
lol i said lolol
RainbowDashSavior: WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT.
creepy Wrek .
Idiot.
then mess his shit up Wrek
clickclick
The fun of admin :P
Wrek going power crazy
because im lazy
Sometimes I wish I can be an admin.
Obviously because you're an idiot RainbowDashSavior.
Well you can't really do it all day Wrek you only have two hours till movie night
The Gala?
Dauven: ya, last I remember it's really cheap, But i think The 2 tacos for $1 is only on thursdays, or some other day of the week.
You dont TELL someone to do that.
At the Gala, with Magneto~
Oh god no don't sing it right now
and obviously because ur mad, LadyCanary
Please.
Lol it will be hilarious if it's actually filled with ponies.
gay-la?
AT THE GALA!
Wrek: put the hammer down. your hurting people man!:[
Enlighten me with a LESS overused meme, please.
Judgement with 1 line
...
lol, jk. ban away
er... Yo Dawg...
Fallout ponies, yeah, like someone can make a good crossover between them :p
at the F**king gala
CNreal: 'Sup.
gayla?
*high voice* are you going to THE GALA???
Hell, someone made an Amnesia Pony mod.
So I wouldn't put it past folks to make a New Vegas one.
we kno
thats the way the guy with the shades pronounces it ._.
/me punches LeGoMeEGGO
Dauven: I was trying to enlighten LadyCanary with an overused meme. thx tho
Bleh, no one bite the bait
gay-la
Fancy.
gayla
at the gay-la
Did he call it a gayla?
At the gayla~
enough gay jokes. cum on guys
Whys wrek always mad at meh =(
Can you make him say it again?
RainbowDashSavior: BECAUSE YOU'RE ALWAYS BLACK AND A WOMAN
CNreal: ...
what?
We should send pewdiepie to the gayla..
I just got here, and what is this?
yo dawg, I herd you liek bans, so we put a ban in your ban so you can ban while you're banning
im white tho
DoctoDoctorWho: ^^'
CNreal: wat u did thar
then lock the doors so we would never hear from him again
APPAJAK: It's Fallout New Dingus!
CNreal: I saw it
APPAJAK: It's wrek's stream of fallout b4 the movie.
Dauven: that's a silly name
DoctoDoctorWho: It's an awkward face: ^^'
i can't wait to have a movie night at 4pm!!
rainbow jesus, I'm sure you are
Holla everypony! :)
cowvarkian: Fallout New Dingus? Or Dauven?
hey GilDash
Dauven: yes
Hi GilDash!
LeGoMeEGGO: I can't wait to have movie night at 10 AM
hello GilDash
ohai, GilDash
Hi GilDash :)
OW
argh, the beeping
my ears
skype
MY EARS!!!
Bit loud.
SUMICA WAKE UP!
WAKE UP, SUMICA!
MY TEARS FOR FEARS
must equalize this
afk
time to SNOOZE~~
Wake up!
that was akwardly loud
Holy caucasian males, that was loud.
0_
LIT A DYNAMITE!
for everyone? oh ok Wrek .
Kammerjunk: lel, I remember that
O3O
Wake up call?! Oh, people woke up, alright.
Docta?
@Wrek did you create this site?
Well, I've gotta head out. See ya'll later! Thank you for streaming Wrek <3
...I would
He'd call himself God. :o
RainbowDashSavior was just logicked
bye LadyCanary
Bye LadyCanary
c ya
Bai LadyCanary
lol. and buy LadyCanary!
LadyCanary: It was nice meeting you!
<3
bai bai LadyCanary
Have fun, LadyCanary.
who created it then?
bye LadyCanary :)
mahboi.
LadyCanary: Hope to see ya' again soon! c:
RainbowDashSavior: look on About Us page
Evil ninjas ghost thingies. :o
RainbowDashSavior: A guy named Hipster_Brony created the site
RainbowDashSavior: HipsterDash, I think? Or maybe it was RainBroDash.
I can't remember.
Oh, Hipster_Brony! That was the name.
kk thx
is it wierd i sawmy dad wearing a baraclava while cooking something in the kitchen?
what
Dauven: are you gonna be watching tonights stream, and future streams?
Mr_Kopple: At least he's not maked....
100 sneak + Chinese Stealth armor + Shishkebab = insta game breaker.
Cause I'm all alone. There's no one here beside me.~
DoctoDoctorWho: Forever alone?
Cause I'm all alone. There's no one here beside me.~
aww :'(
oops, double
You getting any better Wrek?
/me facehoof
DoctoDoctorWho: a-am i supposed to care:(
Well, I'll just be making some tea downstairs.
My problems have all gone, there's no one to deride me.~
bored
@Wrek Are the mods the... uh, what's the word for it.... overall overseers of the hiearchy of the site? Or they just simply mods?
DoctoDoctorWho: ride you? kinky
But you got to have friendsThe feeling's oh, so strong
took our jewbs
I thought you had a cold Wrek
Ah, kk. Thx.
ill come back wen the movie starts by guys ave a fun tie with wrek
But you gotta have friends!~
i thought it was an accent...
To make that day last long :D
k see you then, Mr_Kopple
no cough?
er my gerd
ermahgerd, yer ah nerd.
berd es da werd
get ir dunnnn
Wrek: *goes through lvl process in poison cloud*
brb
/me takes LeGoMeEGGO's eggo :3
/me starts acting the bard
is that a dlc ?
Derpy_Hooves: Put down the eggo. I've got a muffin you can have.
Algent: Yes
sneaky monsters, sneaky sneaky monsters evrywher
stawp talkin food, because i'm hungry....
Derpy_Hooves: hes got a muffin! everyone get down
BlankFlank: D:
Ohai Derpy_Hooves :)
penguin: what?! no, I'm friendly!
ohai thelonecubone|MW2
he just threaten to beat me
aaaa
penguin: What?! Here, you can have the muffin if you want it!
6_9
Watching this makes me want to read Fallout: Equestria
hes choking me with said muffin
/me breaks out minigun-guitar and unicycle
why is no one helping me!
yippie kai yay mutherbucker
cuz he scary and sneaky ):
penguin: No, I'm not! Look! Muffin in hand, and nowhere else!
CNreal: thats what a sneaky person would say ):
CNreal: liar, i can see the blood in your eyes
penguin: I'm wearing contacts!
BlankFlank: ikr?
CNreal: so you admit it
penguin: That was an aside!
Gala event?
no
gayla event
xD
love how he says gala
ikr xD
oh god here we go again lol
somepony should play BTD5 sometime
galalala
and stream it
get it, its muslim
I swear the universe can read my mind
im back
Did Anneli Heed see her request drawing Wrek made?
penguin: I'm putting the muffin down. See? Slowly.
I was just walking around the Sierra Madre less than two hours ago
heyheyhey!
Then I come here, and what do I see?
CNreal: equal trade
/me trains sights on CNreal and waits patiently
sneaky sneaky
Wrek: thats the way the world works bub
You're an artist Wrek
i hate when musicians complain about how hard there life is
buy guys! I'll be back for the movie. Have fun with Wrek!
lag!
:3
/me is a spy!
cya coinflip2
Is this fallout?
penguin: You can have the muffin if you give me the eggo
CNreal: Can I have the contacts?
Who's Dean?
itslike hireing for a snuff-film ..... oooooooooh but i dont want to die
I havent tried it ever, but it occured to me it must be quite an experience to play through new vegas as a junkie
CNreal: deal, now just slide the muffin nice and easy
jacked on drugs all the freaking time
BlankFlank: What? I can't see without them.
Wrek, did u pirate that?
and as a melee character of course
CNreal: hehe
penguin: yeah. nice and easy...
CNreal: don't fuck with me
Got any skyrim players in here?
teh game
You should get Dishonored
*looks at blankflank*
yerp
penguin: Never!
RainbowDashSavior: no, he didnt have a parrot and a peg leg, so it doesnt count as pirating
i want DC nation back
tcl
*looks at DoctoDoctorWho *
but its freeee
CNreal: *blankflanks casually*
hello
CNreal: deals off bitch, now you gonna get the stick
:D
Oh god, nightmares of Skyrim's lockpicking system
CNreal: . . . . . . . . what?
Oblivions was worse
CNreal: i keep reading your name as cerial lol
way worse
*pushes blankflank in line of fire while heading for the eggo with the muffin in hand
*
I liked Oblivion's lockpicking. It was fun.
ikr
i think the roleplay in here is getting way too intense
LeGoMeEGGO: you must be new here
CNreal: YOU AIN'T GETTING THIS EGGO
RainbowDashSavior: lol my real name is said like C and N...CNN
Oblivion's WAS worse.
way worse
There are guns al over Eastern Europe
It was actually unplayable if your computer wasn't that good.
CNreal: THE CONTACTS
Outright unplayable.
magic
Don't forget Iraq Wrek
snorts*
>never nazi germany fallout
I could fly to the UK and hahve agun in less the na day
CNreal: Do you play skyrim?
sparkle sparkle
penguin: THIS EGGO AIN'T GETTING YOU
it would be ashitty handgun but still...
Thirsty maybe
DoctoDoctorWho: I used to, but then...
I had to give up on my Oblivion character because my PC was an old clunker which could not handle the precision required of Oblivion's lockpicknig.
*lockpicking.
CNreal: I'LL CUT YOU WITH THE BLUNT SIDE OF MY EGGO
DoctoDoctorWho: ...I uninstalled it.
GASP
CNreal: But wai?:'(
have i got the worst gpu here? i got a 5870
1 hour and 27 min!
yay Europe :D
The government would control EVERYTHING
My computer can't handle kyrim :(
penguin: What do you think the muffin does?! It's a shield! Now, GIVE ME THE DAMN EGGO
I live in eastern europe and I couldnt get a gun even if my life was at stake :D
Skyrim
Amurika numba 1
what country Alchemist ?
is this live gameplay?
Sinestro: aren't you dead?
DoctoDoctorWho: I take it you don't watch the Yogscast.
OperatorPony: hungary
'murica
Hubson: yes
lulz
ooo goodie
:D
xD
trololol
rofl
Wrek: o u
xD
: D
Wrek is a genius like that.
CNreal: ha, jokes on you there never was any eggo. it was all a ploy to get you out of cover
sneaky wrek
*snort snort*
CNreal: Would it be a bad thing to say I dont know what that is?
magic!
yes you sre
shoot that ghoul, they dont desrve t olive
No he's just providing commentary to a video of himself streaming.
penguin: bum bum buuuum
are
wow, no need to be an ass wrek
penguin: No... no it can't be.... IT'S GAK!
is that Dr Manhattan?
shoot him in the head!
GAK
oh shit srry
CNreal: ha.. hahaha... wahahahahahahahahaha
didn't know that was problem
if
yea.....................
[Alpha]: the kick script is off
Oh okay.
05yeah look
05gak
05see+
yah look candle jack see nothing hap
Dead Money without a doubt has the best atmosphere and story of the DLCs
I'm... not going to take my chances with that
stiekemerds
nah, Wreks tricking you
Vinyl_Scratch-3: dat freakazoid/ 4chan
no old world blues was the best
Wrek cant kick himself with his kickscript
eww ads
Hubson: indeed
is this fallout?
new vegas
sleepy_pony: no, its the MLP game for teh gamecube
*the
risein
so... what if we misspell "gal"?
why would you be saying gal anyway?
its gameover man
I think Wreks running on Gentoo
Who says gal?
CNreal: you are fucked
Vinyl_Scratch-3: dat aliens
galdy gal
BlankFlank: I'm AJ
Use Dame
Alchemist: xD
CNreal: GASP
What if there's aguy with ga and k in his name?
AUDIBLE GASP
CNreal: then your retarded because you just misspelled a three letter word
CNreal: but its just a kick so you can get back in instanteously
Still, its a traumatic experience
penguin: *you're
*instante.. eh cant be assed to try and spell it correctly :D
I am now, super paranoid
cowvarkian: damnit cowvarkian
Alchemist: lol
xD
penguin: dat double ping
brb 1 sec
lol
CNreal: I bet Im more paranoid than u :D
did he just say take the mew2?
Vinyl_Scratch-3: sure
k im back
DoctoDoctorWho: wanna find out?
What a swell guy
i love dog/god hes so epic
Kharne the betrayer?
hey rainbow jesus
Hubson: and dog/god loves you back
:D
CNreal: Come at me bro
penguin: for he is our lord and savior
dog/ god
almighty
Umm why didn't it just show her doing that instead of just text?
DoctoDoctorWho: ...n-no thanx
the night whatever super mutant
so did i hear derpy was banned from season 3?
Vinyl_Scratch-3: no
good
Alright, back with tea.
muslim noises
God, I love tea.
Is this a Fallout 3 or New Vegas DLC? :/
penguin: lel
muslim nosies
PhoenixBrony: The latter.
new vegas
*noises
howdy everypony!
not nosies
i am a slowpoke
Oh ok thanks xD
those noises are what muslims sound like
lol
All that yellow
because we miss derpy
CNreal: Do you play real time strategy games?
and keep her in the intro
penguin: they sound like "muslim noises"?
DoctoDoctorWho: occasionally
the moneyz
i dint know that :O
they just exclude her from the show
i want a derpy episode
cowvarkian: yes it has been proven by Wrek
are the eyes on the hasbro toys.. derpy?
brb gonna reflect on how much reflecting can help oneself
how are you doing all today?
penguin: ah, cool
/me silently fistpumps
DoctoDoctorWho: can you make a noise while fistpumping?
hehe
but are too scared to do an episode
cowvarkian: i lol'd
DoctoDoctorWho: or, doesn't one usually silently fistpump?
Fun Fact: two handed guns slow you down when they're drawn
brb
:|
:P
stahp
I tick, tick, tick. Why do I tick tick? What electric trick makes me tick tick tick tick tick?
so did anyone else notice that bowling pony is a blank flank?
cowvarkian: Yes, the noise comes from you screaming "Yeeeaaaaahhhhhh!!!" at the top of your lungs while doing so.
oh yeah whose the guy playing? is that you Wrek
anybody play TF2 ?
DoctoDoctorWho: what kind of fuckin idiot would do that
Hubson: me
Sneaky bugger.
Who doesn't?
Yeah
not for a long time
cowvarkian: me?:(
DoctoDoctorWho: ah, ok
when I first heard the term fist pump, I thought it was something else than what it is.
is this a dlc?
Reminds me of that room in Project Horizons
cowvarkian: don't fall for the fluttershy trick. hes lying to you
just couldnt figure out why would they make fist pumps
yerp
http://cs6025.userapi.com/v6025055/3f55/fP4k_j9cOE0.jpg
let's hack :D
Alchemist: o u
/me crawls into corner cuz he is a fucking idiot
It's SWINGS
use HAXS
CLICK RANDOMLYY
XD
twilight_sprinkle: you dark little silly filly
twilight_sprinkle: lmao
hacking = clicking randomly
it's been scientificly proven
DAMN
why is he reading every line and not just the words?
EVERYTHING
cowvarkian: That's not even the start of it. Have you seen how Hollywood thinks computers work?
thinks pro bably
lel yeah Kammerjunk
*probably
>2 Spike Eps >0 Rarity Eps
you can always re-entry the computer
god why
What about THINKS?
Oh.
Sinestro: I though we had one
theres this message flashing saying : "flash policy problem" above the chat.. halp
what the hell does hollywood know
but also, spike is best pony
spike is not a pony :p
Looks tasty
>:D
penguin: how to make shit look cool, while being ridiculously inaccurate
God bless that fabulous bastard.
Michael: thats the joke
a rarity ep? i dont think so
RainbowDashSavior: That's weird usually the Flash policy problem thing blocks me out of the chat
yeah sounds about right
We had 2 spike eps?
Kammerjunk: true
2 upcoming
DoctoDoctorWho: the one where he ran away, and the one coming up
cowvarkian: then discord is best pony
this weeks is one
Ohai Michael :)
Michael: he very well may be
We don't want to hear about the one coming up, though.
!cd
Episode 10 of season 3 "Spike at Your Service" airs in 0 days, 16 hours, 43 minutes, 5 seconds (Dec 29 15:30:00 2012 UTC)
Rarity had enough screen time, shedoesnt need another ep now imo.
i dont know anything about it
ohai thelonecubone|MW2 :p
woohoo
We need a princess ep
just that its clearly a spike ep
new vegas was just too...well glichy for me
Wanna know a secret? TOO BAD XD
WHO THE FUCK JUST SPOILED THE NEXT EPISODE
DoctoDoctorWho: You're goddamn right we do.
leave me alone message..
YOU BITCH
DoctoDoctorWho: we really do
DoctoDoctorWho: Eyup.
not a bad gun
Applejack needs to play catch-up
fallout works fine unless you mod the shit out of it
DoctoDoctorWho: or an episode that explains why there are only princesses, and no actual real monarchical system
penguin: no one?
I have a bunch of tiny mods
Sinestro: It's a Bethesda game. For PC.
i want a rarity EP
Alchemist: no someone just did
Spoiler to next episode: scroll up for it
Sinestro: It's almost mandatory to mod it.
he shouldnt even have those guns
Who cares about explanations? I want more Luna D:
cowvarkian: Well Faust did want Celestia to be a queen but Hasbro forced her to make her a princess I believe
I want to know if Celestia is a godlike being
no RainbowDashSavior NO!
penguin: I havent seen anything besides the obvious "it will have spike in it".
thats probly the only flaw i had with Deadmoney, the guns they forced you to use sucked
We already know Discord is
My most game-chaning mod is one that lets you repair armor and weapons with scrap metal
o
yo Wrek , there be spoilers afoot
Rarity deserves all the episodes
alpha just spoilt it
cowvarkian: Episode summary: *opening theme* Disney and hasbro are bitches! *end*
J_E_Smith71: that'd make sense
ooooo
DoctoDoctorWho: lel
11,02Celestia is a godlike being...so her eHarmony page states.
not the spoilers!
I really hate having to carry 8 pound duplicates of every weapon for maintainence
:S
SuperBrony64: ohai
and o u
eHarmony? hahaha is there really one?
wait whats with the fallout stream
Dat DWR.
xD
I want to know about the ever-present threat of the White Deer Army
You silly SuperBrony64
hai SuperBrony64 :D
Just a random disconnect, Kammerjunk :P
DashWithRainbows: Oh.
hello there SuperBrony64
11,02Hai :D
It's Friday Night!
Lucky guess indeed
ahhh mods D:
obviously not omnipotent, she didnt do shit yet :D
SuperBrony64: well my luna has better stats than your celestia
11,02eHarmony RPG? Fund it.
NullRadix: For once, it actually is still Friday here when somebody says that.
CNreal: Ya know what? I like you. Wanna be friends?
I want to add SuperBrony64 to my Wii U friend list.
/me grins at Kammerjunk
NullRadix: It's not Friday Night till we get the intro and all the FRIDAY NIGHT spam comes in
11,02Tovler: You may do so then :3 My Nintendo Network ID is SuperBrony64
that's an android?!
o hai
pffft
/me gives SuperBrony64 a non-fat muffin
what's the movie tonight?
hey seriouslypie
SuperBrony64: how creative
I think the main reason I like Dead Money is because it's the cause of my favorite two chapters of FO:E
/me gives SuperBrony64 a cookie
:D
11,02O3O
/me noms on the cookie
magmablock: explain?
Old World was the best
/me noms on the muffin as well :3
thanks
:O
11,02DerpyMuffins: Why non-fat? ;3;
You better not eat that cookie SuperBrony64
11,02It mine O^O
Sinestro: You know, I've had that DLC for so long, and I've never played it.
36 and 37, where the group makes their way through Zebratown and the Canterlot Ruins, respectively
mahboi. this piece is what all true warriors strive foar,
CNreal: hello?
thats depressing
its comedy gold
I've always enjoyed stories of people somehow managing to accomplish the seemingly impossible
Fallout?
You can't handle the carbs SuperBrony64
Believably
Any pony around?
magmablock: so, life?
/me makes a pie
orly?
Socks: All da ponies are around!
mmmmm pie
but srsly ya, rly
No the carbs can't Handle Superbrony64
DoctoDoctorWho: All of dem :O
You want the carbs? Well, you can't HANDLE THE CARBS!
moar science
*googles Dead Money* ah, I think I see now magmablock
all da science
im new here, will the new epsiode be tomorrow?
yes
CNreal: Hello?
Oh yezah it's friday movie night tonight :P
kk
hai Socks :3
Heyo Michael :)
/me stabs cowvarkian
ohai Socks
nice to see you again
Heya Socks and Michael :)
can u put on the radio Wrek (if there's any emission)?
well see yall later
/me huggles MLP_Brovakiin, cowvarkian and Michael
hai MLP_Brovakiin
:(
sumica needs to wake up
xD
dat Gala Event
gayla
i miss F3 music when kill people
/me hugs Socks back ^-^
at the gala
At the Gala with Magneto!
13why are ponies complaining about wrekstream
rofl
theres the radio mod thats the old 50s nuke broadcasts
the the gayler event
FALLOUT NEW VEGAS SPOILER: THE COUIROR IS INDEED A COUIROR
/me hugs Michael aswell ^w^
Whose complaining?
sounded like he said that
Shizuka: because people are shit heads
/me hugs MLP_Brovakiin :3
that guy would spice up the gala all right
are we complaining?
Alchemist: I'm not
Cuase Dog is God spelled backwards
and you aren't
Almost movie time
Shizuka: because i am a shit head
dat ban hammer
spoiler: this isn't a spoiler
thats not nice
Ohai Socks :3
spoiler: spoiler
^
:(
/me wears Socks :3
that is all
SafariMonkey, see
thelonecubone|MW2: :O
xD
Well Im leaving now, bye all.
bye
/me eats thelonecubone|MW2's feet
Bye DoctoDoctorWho :)
bye DoctoDoctorWho
ta ta
Bye DoctoDoctorWho :)
BY BY
travel safe DoctoDoctorWho
:3
Bye DoctoDoctorWho :)
just shoot him op
agreed
NEW EPISODE SPOILER: Spike is not a pony.
RainbowDashSavior: Wrek will die
I dont know why the fuss about spoilers. I think they are nice http://derpy.me/1MXdt
No, they are evil D:
xD
but his with ganon
kill!
Alchemist: :D
EVIL!
Oh are people spoiling :O, naughty ponies, I am disapoint
They are hell spawn
they are the worst temptation
spoiler: wrek is getting pissed
Alchemist: What the hay did you link me to.
Spoilers are expensive
they're like an extra $1k
lol
spoiler: wrek is an ass be default
NullRadix: lel
ooo
spoiler Rarity is Best Poni
I see what you did there
spoilers spoil spoiled spoilsports
