i got a question about movies
Almost ded
13Mike: You can stop spamming now.
Me and scanty dont follow Rururu's either
Squallken: ask away~
Shizuka: Sorry, boredom is spreading
allright
13then be bored somewhere else
That death scream
oh hey its BlitzenAngel
Shits on fire yo
BlitzenAngel: Wilhelm Scream. That is all.
WAIT
WUT
i shall take BlitzenAngel away
13suigintou what are you worried about, you've mastered levitation if your top half isn't connected to your bottom half
Dont do eeet
13you should be happy
13oh
Bronysmith: Didn't I tie you to the wall?
13never mind
I was looking threw the list of movies Bronystate has but on, do movies labled with "C" C-movies, are they never allowed to be played again?
DED
13Squallken: yes
put* on
Like Babes in Toyland
:3
13and epic fail
Squallken: C movies? depends if it past the 6 month period
and Epic Movie
Later everypony :3
Bye Ponies47 :)
bye
I understand Epic Movie (and those like it) but Babes in toy land?
jingle bells batman smells
HEY! Rozen Maiden... which season?
Squallken: yep
its that bad
13last ep season 1
Yep, WMC movies are the best movies though.
I ahvent seen this in YEARS
No the best movies are borderline WMC, but can be joked about
like MegaShark vs Giant Octopus
What if I have no religion, BlitzenAngel?
BlitzenAngel: Applebells?
13festivus poles for everyone!
BlitzenAngel: lets not talk or get into religion, dont want to start a flamewar
:S
Oh, when is the news letter coming out? I want to enter the survey to have my movie choosen
Squallken: "C" movies survive-- but are rarekly requested. WMC covers movies that EVERYONE WHO WATCHED THE STREAM agreed tat they shuld never darken our monotors again.
DashWithRainbows: Then... uh... fish
there
13five minutes into epic movie we knew it would be WMC
I dislike fish >:l
idk I thought Babes in Toyland was funny, bad but funny
BlitzenAngel: ...CRAP I CAN'T THINK OF ONE! can i get some help?
he has magical fingers that make her happy
Tis the season to be naughty falalalalalalalala
Shizuka: what is WMC?
Shizuka: pre-showing i already knew it was going to get WMC'd
13JUN
Nauughty~
RDash5000: Uh... Yours is tough
13WHEN A GIRL ASKS YOU TO BRUSHIE BRUSHIE
13YOU SAY YES
thelonepony: i like naughty
id touch her hair all ngiht long
same~ ;)
Shizuka: are you asking to brushie brushie?
BRUSHIE BRUSHIE!
WMC is like having every tooth pulled out of your head. I know. That happened to me, and now I wear dentures.
13jun is now a brony
BlitzenAngel: might have to make a new one from scratch
now this must be redubbed with PONIES
xD
Shizuka: When ANYONE asks for brushie brushie, you say yes
Squallken: die, for bringing that up
If I ever have twins, I'm going to split them from birth, and I will always tell them that they have an evil twin, and that they will need to train so they may fight to the death. At their eighteenth birthday, I will give them a good luck and push both of them into the Chucky Cheese ball pit then lock it shut.
ok ok ill shut up
Mike: the hell is wrong with you?
you know what? EGGNOG5000 BITCHES
...
/me protects otakon from the stupid Mike
Is that a dolly in your pocket or are you just glad to- OH GOD STOP HITTING ME
twilight_sprinkl|afk: not long enough
otakon: idiots, idiots everywhere
I thank you for answering my question
happy ... doll
thelonepony: eeyup
HAPPY doll
and then she dies
DED
yeah dead
she left?
GG WP no re
nope she died
BlitzenAngel: its the best i could think of :$
and the entire show was all a dream
She just moves on-- for "fathers" game.
/me takes otakon to bed again
EggNog5000: XD Good one
hiya Kencolt
no Bronysith stop that
well, gonna go afk for a bit
thelonepony: otakon: I'm not an idiot, just a redditor, anon, and one with a large imagination.
Mike: well, dont bring the reddit side of you here then
13nori's like "DAMMIT AND I PREPARED FOOD FOR SIX"
oi thelonepony join me
Naw
:>
heh
thelonepony: wasnt a question
to busy atm
13and now jun is a sociable person... sort of
Bronysith: stahp it
5 minutes latehr~ http://d24w6bsrhbeh9d.cloudfront.net/photo/5582611_700b.jpg
and to much to handle ;)
twilight_sprinkle: :D
/me uses an evoker to summon his persona of tonberry army with Nyx and uses it to carry thelonepony away
swagger jun
noooooo~
13CHOO CHOO
I like trains
how did he not hear it approaching
*VROOOKM*
lol that smile
egg nog>anything else
/me makes Pinocchio say "My nose will grow"
13dat look
NOOOO youre not dead, that means im not free!
oOOOOH
13NUCLEAR SUISEISEKI HAS ARRIVED
okay this is weird
PAWNCH
Java says it's up to date
13NUCLEAR SOUSEISEKI HAS ALSO ARRIVED
but Mozilla says it's not
SUDDENLY FLYING SUITCASES EVERYWHERE!
Bronysith: nice man
lol so many dolls
Booty booty booty booty rockin everywhere
13dat head tilt
stupid internet. Can't handle 3 livestreams and a game download
:/
otakon: I just got my first guitar, it should be here wed-fri.
SkepticRider95: lol
now kiss
13and now jun is going back to school
Mike: good for you, now calm the hell down
13quite the change from the start of the series
Sakurada
13so that was rozen maiden
but it says four more eps
Oh god the feels are going to start now arnt they
time for feels?
otakon: thats playlist
FEELS TIME
/me wants to be a dolly nao
oh
13feels are last
my eyes are ready
Shizuka: you gonna do the second deason of rozen?
I WILL GRAB THE BUCKETS!
otakon: You obviously haven't wanted something as bad as I've wanted a guitar.
otakon: I guess I'll have to turn them from 1080p to 720p. First world problems
/me uses otakon as a guard from the feels
i always watch on 360 anyway
/me slaps BlitzenAngel around a bit with a large trout
Jmo: stahp
Jmo: Owie, what was dat for?
D:
I haven't seen you in ages.
/me takes Jmo's trout
Jmo: I've been here
Pfft
/me hits Jmo with a folding chair
there is another season for rozen maiden or i'm wrong ?
WOOOOOOOOOOOOO
/me takes TheGreatAndPowerfulT to bed
Rarely you cactus.
Well, I must depart now guis. Sleeps are needed. BAAAIII
/me huggles BlitzenAngel
is this the episode I think it is Shizuka?
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: yeh theres a second season and 2 movies
13TheGreatAndPowerfulT: yes there is a second season of rozen maiden
Toodles.
13might show it, would have to go get it from archives
bye BlitzenAngel
bye BlitzenAngel!
2 movies ?
/me joins BlitzenAngel in bed
dat jaymoo
Bronysith: stahp
dat aniderp
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: yeh theyre called traumend part 1 and 2
check pm?
13oh lol just glanced at the thumbnail
13stream really doesn't like this opening does it
heck, the dvd puked on this opening
Bronysith: Seriously, stahp. It was just barely funny the first time.
13HAHA KYON ACTIVATED MY TRAP CARD
Mike: love your hypocracy
13i'll kick in volume leveling soon, prepare for volume
oh japan. you and your moe based card games
Tha ks for the warning.
13it
13derp
Bronsith: Times I intiated song thread: 2
13well anyway, leveling is on
Bronysith: Times you take ppl t bed: too many
i have made my 7th appeal, it's alot better then the other ones
bye
13hey that's my chair pose haruhi
13get your own
shizuka, I know you have said in the past you have no plans to show the movie of this..... but it would be a good addition to one of your streams
You. Now.
13for those confused, japanese buildings are rarely heated because of the summers
00,10george george; george of the jungle
:D
13buildings are designed to be very open and ventilated, which makes winter way cold
watch out for that tree
Sumica: irrelevant
13< is it me or did yuki look much older in that profile shot
Shizuka: depends on where in japan you are, tokyo is the main location for these shows however
00,10clealy you did not hear the base line from it in this song
Shizuka: she did look much older
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Vocal Music: Proud to be a Brony
awwwww
Sumica: Hmmm. I am not paying attention to the stream, so yeah.
00,10then how would you know irrelvancy?
Sumica: It was irrelevant to the current conversation/stream.
oh dear
Besides the bassline
00,10the stream you said you were not watching.
Haruhi is Les Yay for Mikuru
I wanna drink eggnog
Sumica: Define not watching.
did she just ask if she got bigger?
Kneesocks: you and me both.
O_o yeah definitely Les Yay
Sumica maybe he is so irrelevant he can sense something he is not even watching
yay fan service bunny suit
Sumica: I have it up, along with the chat, I'm just not paying attention.
00,10clealy a god among men
EggNog5000: Yay
ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD MASK
Kneesocks: i kinda have an unhealthy addiction to eggnog...
is eggnog alcoholic?
Poor Mikuru
twilight_sprinkle: it can be
I have some in mah fridge
hm k
twilight_sprinkle: not by default
twilight_sprinkle: only the alcoholic kind.
eggnog drinking eggnog? cannibalism?
suddenly Kero?
kk, then imma buy me some nonalcoholic eggnog
DAMMIT SHOW STOP TEASING US!
13yuki just broke the fourth wall
;_;
13looked the audience in the eye like "WHAT you pervs want to see that stuff?"
animes have to have delicious 4th wall breaking
otakon stop looking after 14 years old anime girls
i think im going to explode otakon s general vacinity in 50 seconds
better run
no thanks
/me takes cover
1, 2, skip a few
50
AIEOU
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: You haven't seen the good kind yet
SHUT UP
that still scene
Mike and you have ?
twilight_sprinkle: John Madden
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Maybe
UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
999
Mike i'll take that as a no
ASS
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: get guild wars 2
linen ASS
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: e621. That is all.
http://i.imgur.com/Bwatf.gif
basukimen ASS
Bronysith nah i wanted at first but i would not play it enough
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: fair enough
yay filler..
...
meow mix
Mike so you are basicly telling me to go watch porn ?
13this shot alone is saving so much monty
i guess that's what happens when you hit f5
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: sounds about right, id suggest not listening to him
so is there any point to this?
hot pot
lololol
nope
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: e621 isn't videos, it's a site of all around porn imagery.
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: It has all.
13Enough.
13You start discussing porn I'll ban you faster than you can say "but wait".
What is a bit off to us-- is this is exactly how Japanese Standup works. And they love it.
it ain't me the one directing people to that page but i'll shut up
13i know trixie
13this guy's been riding the line all night
13Mike: Shape up or GTFO.
Mike: you must be new here, post ponies
/me protects RoboGerbil from the bad Mike
not really something to say with the site he's been bringing up...
RoboGerbil newfoals can't poni
Shizuka: TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Usually my antics bring more lulz than hate. This night I'm off on that scale.
/me glomps kirzstryfe
kirzstryfe: oi, whats going on?
FEGELEIN!
oh hai kirz
00,10it must have a negitave range
hey
13suddenly kirz
The only one allow to do anything like that is Lyra`, Mike
:)
/me shields kirzstryfe
13you're just in time for the feels
Shizuka: hes mine
working on a picture, so no stream atm
sup kirzstryfe
Hai kirzstryfe
hui kirz
hiya kirz|art
hoi kirz|art
oh look the camcorder is back out
hi kirz
Hey guys. Street Fighter x Mega Man game tomorrow.
fire hazard that one, no ground prong on the plug or on the outlet
yay
Bushed
the game comes out
Dat card game
13haruhi being caring
13BUSTED
/me glomps otakon onto kirz|art
these guys are mine~
kirz|art: hiya man
so many outfits
00,02ohai kirz|art
/me glomps Phase4 as well
I seem to have a range of confrontation with bronystate.
0hai Phase4 :3
Nice colors Phase4
Mike: why is that?
Mike: considering you broke like 3 rules in 5 seconds
kinda funny that movie has the role reversal
00,02and then everyone noticed
we cant allow this to happen
last time I was neutral when we were watching FLoyd
:3
13trademark kyon facepalm
Don't like colors Phase4?
Phase4: y u take cloths off?
awwwww
The time before was pitiful because of talking about dying dogs
13and that was haruhi
heh shes getting wet gaiz
and several before that varying from lulz-bringing to hate, ounting today.
that screen shot
wait....That was the ending?
13so
13have your kleenex ready?
feels?
for season one it was
my eyes are ready, my body isn't
13that was chronologically the last ep of haruhi
first time i heard about haruhi was about a Carameldansen video
I SHALL GATHER THE BUCKETS
my feels wont happen
that was kind of wimpy for an ending
i may be gone for awhile :\
00,10that's not carmadansen though Bronysith
Mike: It's really simple. We're dealing with a wide range here. Including, at times, even kids. So, we have rules. You should READ THEM. Just a suggestion.
actually heres the question...was that the last story for the first novel Shizuka?
/me steals Sumica s shins
13iunno
i'd have check that
00,10that came from a diffrent show
13and now
/me smashes Sumica s shins
13feels: the motion picture
omg noooooo not the feels!!
my body is ready
must hide!!
00,10this dont look like Air
Kencolt: I read them. I find my actions flow with the conversation.
the most powerful of feels
Ponyo time
yay! Sumica agrees that Air gives the massive feels
00,10the I was keeping up with traffic excuse wont work with cops either Mike
i dont want the feels!! :'(
Mike: Just trust the davice of your elders. And believe me-- I AM you elder. Heck. here, I'm pretty much everyone's elder.
hell, any key visual novel turned anime, minus little buters, gives massive feels
13unless you use a bus sumica
fuck school!
*little busters
goodbye... maybe for awhile :\
don't be sure of that kencolt, there are some elders in here
Kencolt: I am aware of your age and being my 40 year superior.
I'm 55.
ewwwwwww anime
I hate anime
13ew a teenager
then leave
the_real_pony_1604: I'm fairly secure in that.
..
fine then cya for ever bronies
i though teenagers loved anime
okay, you win aganst my 32
http://imgur.com/VXqIe,OD5Zs
Sumica: Wasn't an excuse, but an explanation. I wasn't trying to get out of anything, I know i was guity of said charges, just explaining.
remind me again how many series shown in the states are animated overseas
Mike: ground youself to release said charges
/me takes twilight_sprinkle to bed
twilight_sprinkle: wat
get it? ground? charges? eh....
Mike: terrible physics humor
twilight_sprinkle: ah i get it nao
/me takes twilight_sprinkle to bed for punishment
Goldframe: THe majority, these days, are key-animated here, and filler-animated overseas. Others are imports entirely. MLP is, in fact, unusual in that it's entirely animated on the NA continent.
Bronysith: but i dont wanna .-.
twilight_sprinkle: I was assuming it wasn't a pun
Goldframe: Then again, apparently, it's alsothe first time anyone used Flash to good effect.
true
needs more persona
Kencolt: WHat about Fosters Home for Imaginary Friends? Didn't that use flash well?
and it is a....... bad name
Korea, in fact, has a HUGE in-betweener animation industry. Japan and the US use various studios that fill in the bits-- and very well, indeed.
Mike: Yes-- but not to the almost insane intent that MLP has. You catually get, often a 3D effect in obviously 2D animation, almost unprecidented in Flash.
well black wings
i'm getting lag herre and there. What's happening to her wings?
lovely
AssaultWithEmbraces: she's "sin-bound"
guilt of what?
/me s shadow enlarges over otakon
no
sin-bound?
How/
no idea
Kencolt: Sweet.
I read it from the wiki
/me shadow gets bigger over otakon
I've missed most of it sadly
my damn stream keeps skipping
13it means you haven't been forgiven for what you did before becoming a haibane
HAAAAAAAAAM
/me air crash glomps otakon
/me dodges smoothly
was it revealed yet what she did?
oh that must be it
/me emits nuclear fallout
she was run down by a train
Bronysmith: No physics breaking
I keep looking at spinzaku gifs
spinzaku gifs ftw
xD
/me puts otakon in a blender
I don't blend
what is rakkas sin?
/me drags Bronysmith to the glue factory
no idea
so this is another purgatory anime?
13Mike: You're done. I'm not going to warn you again.
goodnight guys.
Mike: dude you might want to stop
night EggNog5000
bye EggNog5000
Bye EggNog5000
i must not know something about glue factories..
Night eggnog
twilight_sprinkle: glue is made from animal bones, usually horses or pigs
See? Nopony listens to their elders.
Shizuka: I'm sorry, then, for wanting bronysmith to stop with the endless /me
Kencolt: no offense, but age isnt everything you know
otakon: is howls moving castle any good?
yes
Bronysith: Iliked it
yes it is
well it IS miyazaki >.>
Bronysmith: Howls moing castle is awesome. Watch it.
well that's creepy
twilight_sprinkle: It's all I GOT. I don't have my teeth, a proper nervous system, and one of my hips is fake. My eyes suck. Age is my main thing.
what the hell?
I DONT EVEN!?!?
Mike: faggot
Bronysith: stop that, he's right it is a good movie
twilight_sprinkle: That and s few experiences that aren't shared here-- but I'm willing to share.
what happened to her?
Kencolt: well, whats important is knowledge and morals, not age :P
Bronysmith: Pls stahp
did she take off her wings or something?
i dont even know!
Lyra`: she's sin-bound, basically means she's not been forgiven for her sins in her past life
:o
Mike: you keep purposely mispelling my name, you stop
I have no idea how this show really works though
oh, okay :3
I've missed most of it
/me pushes EVA-02 ontop of Mike
taylor smith
Kencolt: not saying you dont ave those, just saying its whats important
/me grabs twilight_sprinkle and takes off in megas
if you reference anime, chances are, youre a twat muffin
*popular
13Bronysith: Stop spamming please.
Wait... I didn't even notice that. Sorry.
Shizuka: yes mam
twilight_sprinkle: And as for knowledge? Heh. I'm the guy who fills in the holes. A lot. But hey-- mainly I'm old (for here).
Kencolt: Innuendos are fun.
Push meAnd then just touch me Till I can get my satisfaction Satisfaction, satisfaction, satisfaction, satisfaction Push me And then just touch me Till I can get my satisfaction Satisfaction, satisfaction, satisfaction, satisfaction Push me And then just touch me Till I can get my satisfaction Push me And then just touch me Till I can get my satisfaction Push me And then just touch me Till I can get my satisfaction Satisfaction
Kencolt: well again no offense,but remember to keep a bit of modesrt too
asdf
holy fucking shit
Dat spam
13...
*modesty
twilight_sprinkle: Not as old as Granny Smith. She's as old as dirt. I'm only as old as rocks-- I haven't been ground that fine yet.
god
what in the hell is going on here tonight
Why is chat always bad when Shizuka streams?
13ponies starting to work out what reki did
whoever references bad music needs to die by the glorious satanic powers of ham
Buytoast: run
Buytoast: I know right...
Kencolt: Rocks are younger than dirt because dirt is squished and melted to make rocks.
I do admit though, Satisfaction is one of Ben Benassis more interesting works
i mean i know it's still the weakend but i mean c'mon, it's the last vestiges of it
Oh no
She's not going to
Mike: Geologically unsound. "Squish" and "Melted" only leads to Composite and INcindiary rocks. Dirt comes from the slow erosion and crumbling of stone and rock. You argument is incorrect.
darnit
bitches need to stop breaking
Buytoast: nothings really going on
Buytoast: I think Shizuka is less lenient to me than the other mods, thus protecting me from bringing lulz
slime train?
Shizuka doesnt tollerate my shit
THE FUCK IS TAHT THIGN!?
i love it :3
NOOOO
Kencolt: Your argument was flawed from the start.
otakon: whats ur fav miyazaki film?
well shit, she angered the Smokey Progg
her wings are white again
that's what you get
13DerpyMuffins: I'm starting to wonder myself. Makes me want to not stream.
Bronysith: Nausicaa and the Valley of the Wind
Mike: It would bere, were it an argument. INstead, it's an established scientific definition. Look it up.
otakon: dafuq
Bronysith: dude it's like one of his best movies
actually no my favorite is Spirited Away
otakon: i gotcha, just the name, dafuq
otakon: spirited away and princess mononoke are my favs
god they are so fucked up
Shizuka, have you seen madoaka magica?
ennething by miyazaki is fucked up
has she been forgiven?
or otakon, really, whoever wants to respoond
*respond
and for some reason people love him for that
Kencolt: Impossible. Your starting statement completely implies all dirt is older than rocks.
13AssaultWithEmbraces: as pointed out in the previous episode, you can't forgive yourself, someone with the reason to has to forgive you
so where did she go?
13on
heaven level 2?
Mike: The opposite. I stated that I was younger than dirt, because I had not been ground down yet. Ever check you reading comprehension skills? Because, seriously-- you aren't reading what I'm writing.
lol
13i think mike is just trying to start a fight
best use of halo
you saying mike is startin?
oi gendo
stop startin
Kencolt: We're arguing exactly the same thing.
twilight_sprinkle: your mums a slag
Mike: IN other words, dirt is older than rocks-- yes. BECAUSE IT GOT GROUND DOWN. But they are technically the same age, at the core.
HARUMPH
Bronysith: no, yer ma's the slag!
twilight_sprinkle: oi you startin something?
Bronysith: oi start stoppin
Dont be startin with me, im the fookin japanese military
Kencolt: >Not as old as Granny Smith. She's as old as dirt. I'm only as old as rocks-- I haven't been ground that fine yet.
so is this girl not forgiven yet?
Precisely.
Kencolt: We're arguing the same thing.
Mike: the fact that you bring ponies into your arguement about rocks and dirt upsets me
13being forgiven removes the black mark of being sin-bound
13but you don't leave the town until you're ready
ah ok
that makes more sense
Shizuka: god why is this so feels?
so, I guess they hang around and talk to each other, until someone finds a reason to forgive the other?
that was touching. THanks for playing it.
hi
i have a feeling that my wings would be like a negative of dalmation print
lol
13in case you missed the earlier eps, it's strongly implied that the dream a haibane has in the cocoon is their last moments somewhere else
pretty much Tassadork lol
13so given that, three guesses how reki ended up here
13and the first two don't count
jumped from a plane?
it's called skydiving
whos streeming next??
oh no, Shizuka is leaving us
well, there is alot to be said about Rakka also
its called tactical insertion
if reki is the main girl that is
Kencolt: Dirt is ground up rock, at the simplest explanation. Rock in itself, is dirt, compacted or solidified from a solution.
Lyra`: ifyouknowwhatimean.jpg
Thank you for the stream Shizuka.
welp thanks for the stream Shizuka
Mike: so...dirt is dirt huh?
nope
hi
00,10nice stream Shizuka
hello vinyl-scartch
Thanks Shizuka
Thankies for the stream, Shizuka
thankies Shizuka
no, dirt is ground up rock if organic material in it
hi vinyl-scartch
also I'm gonna vote "Meet the Feebles" for B
oi Sumica are you the fookin japanese military?
what sre we watching
otakon: die
Thanks for the stream shizu
Bronysith: nto yet :3
dont see how else she couldve ended up falling from that height other than a plane
Sorry if chat wasn't with par with your expectations Shizuka
Shizuka: Face it. It's another one of those nice, moving, and often WTF animes you are so enamoured of... for which I am usually thankful. Good stream, but I must admit, I never got into Haibane.
cliff
otakon: i know, i swtill have use of you
00,10Stop start'en Bronysith
13i have pretty low expectations of mane chat but it always manages to sneak under it
13Kencolt: innit though :)
Sumica: still gettin that for ya man, from the bastard himself
vinyl-scartch: we are watching shizuka's outro video thing
Shizuka, thanks for streaming.
Shizuka: hey how about something out there next time... maybe like PS&G?
but yeah thanks for stream Shizuka
^
13the moving ones are what i keep in my library, the more mainstream ones like bebop and death note i get through like once and never go back
I may have to actually watch Haibane from the start
otakon: whats with you and gainax?
13stand alone complex being the exception because tech
you still have expectations for this chat?
we need to fully watch code geass, we always stop at 8 eps or so
it has a lot of feels too
Bronysith: what? I like PS&G
otakon: gainax is the DAFUQ of anime
GitS: SAC was a good series
Buytoast: at least for some people
excuse me while I die from happiness
Bronysith: not all the time
Shizuka: And yet, you have yet to show Lain.
and then THE PADDLIN'
otakon: most of their shit is DAFUQ
13true that... i grabbed lain once but was too wtf'd out in the first episode
Bronysith: Evangelion was the only real one
and then that SuperBrony64 stream :3
Lain = WTF
13might have to reacquire some time
Kandarihu: Assuming we are watching and paying attention.
MY FANFICTION IS ACTUALLY GETTING ATTENTION!!
weeping_pegasi82: yay for you
otakon: anytime you watch something of gainax you will say dafuq in 1(confusion, 2(utter awesomeness 3(what the hell is going on
yes yes yes yes yes
meh, eva is the best thing that company made
weeping_pegasi82: want a cookie?
Bronysith: FLCL evokes all three
yes yes yes... yes
psh
twilight_sprinkle: LIES
GunBuster
sorry just excited
twilight_sprinkle: Gurren Lagann
Shizuka: The thing about Lain is... well... it actually starts to make total coherent sense. IF you can see it.
Goldframe: Gunbuster is good too
you should show dokoru for the lulz one night
otakon: i didnt like gurren lagann, or die buster or gun buster
twilight_sprinkle: O_O
/me shuns twilight_sprinkle
Shizuka, when do you find time to sleep?
HOW CAN YOU DENY HOT BLOODED NESS!?
but eva was pretty good
otakon: i cant watch FLCL
What if... we DIDNT STREAM ANIME o_0
Bronysith: why not? it's awesome
otakon: because i dont like purely hot bloodedness
otakon: cause i ate my own hand
13still need to get ffsplit to work with ustream, need moar gaming with this embed
lol u srs?
Bronysith: .... dammit
Abenobashi is more WTF than FLCL
otakon: if it had more to offer then i would like it, but it doesnt
otakon: i ate my own hand and then it grew out of my head, i couldnt watch it anymore
twilight_sprinkle: okay for ONE Gunbuster is NOT pure hotbloodness so your argument in invalid
yeah, and abenobashi has full frontal underage nudity
Bronysith: you need help, I'm putting you back in regulars for therapy
at least with FLCL you can keep track of what's going on
Shizuka, next time I see you streaming Left 4 Dead, I'm going to send you a friend invite.
otakon: you put me in there and ill kill you in your sleep with a wrench
the_real_pony_1604: really? I have it, I never noticed under age frontal nudity
otakon: well all of those shows have attempts at a providing more, but i didnt like them
the boy, full frontal at one point
Mike: bah scrub, i can pay attention to chat and dubs
Goldframe: Even if you have no idea WHAT is going on, in FLCL you can keep track. You're just never certain of what you're keeping track OF>
the_real_pony_1604: you'd think I would remember that
but I like Abenobashi
hell I think I'll pick it up on BLuray if they have it
Mike: you need more varying exposure to bronystate streams
Gurren lagann is probably my fav work of gainax
it is just a flash of it right around the bathhouse episode
otakon: Get on my level, pleeb
Gurren lagann is my fav anime, with NGE in a close second...i have no idea why NGE is in my top three though
Mike: what is that supposed to mean?
otakon: i dont get it, i dont understand why NGE is in my top three fav animes
eva has glorious mindbuckery which is why i enjoy it
after the bathhouse explodes or whatever. it is just a floor and some busted walls
Bronysith: no idea
Mike: The first rule of Bronystate is you are at the mercy of the Mods, except on late Fridays and Saturday afternoons. Any other time-- there is NO TELLING WHAT SHOWS.
daris streams <3333
anyway brb, need to hit the john
have not seen it for years but I remember finding it odd back in the day
13well we really only have six streamers
otakon: cause it is indeed a good anime, but not the best, maybe cause it is really fuckgin serious
13used to have more
speaking of Evangelion
Shizuka: who are the streamers?
what does it take to become a streamer?
when the hell is 3.33 out?
i need my depression
DCD didnt restream JOJO on thursday ;_;
Mike: Try making it for a Vivi stream if she ever comes back
Otakon: I was referring to the ridiculousness of the word scrub
13Bronysith: it's already out in japan
13 favorites in 2 days!! *squee!*
in the states? 2-3 years
13will hit australia first in 2013 then finally get over here
hey I used to live in australia!
Shizuka: yay, i cant wait to see it
Shizuka: i would stream if someone let me :)
13imdb has an unconfirmed release range of january 2013 for the states, but will probably much later be
goddamnit
ah well
ooh, january would be nice
at least ill have guild wars 2 and PSO2 to satiate my wait for 3.33
https://dl.dropbox.com/u/51948537/img/as_spy.png
13rebuild 2 dvd took like a year to make it over here
I am setup for streaming but no one wants to watch me play minecraft. HAHAH
00,10pssssssss, Shizuka
im listening to eva 3.33 ost right now :3
Kencolt: Also, wat, by varying streams I thought he meant different streamers. that was irrelevant.
Shizuka, why does australia get stuff like that first
its wierd
we already watch someone play minecraft twice a week
13oh also sumica, new camrip on that site i linked you before
00,10dibs~
13:P
Good morning everypony :)
00,10lost said link
hoi NocturnalBlade
its hilarious how the nostalgia critic got blown to hell by the guy who voiced shinji
hello NocturnalBlade
Oh, wel.... have to check a few boards, do a couple of dailies I've been leting slack... laters.
this one Sumica http://www.youcannotredo.com/ ?
Bronysith: lol nice
13soundtrack is up to FLAC level too
NocturnalBlade: It's 11 pm in minnesota.
/me waves.
13yep that one
oh dammit I haven't dl'd the new ep yet
Mike: 12 o clock here lol
TO EQD
Lyra`: no why?
bye ken
otakon, do you listen to tegan and sara?
cya ken, hope for more comflicts.
otakon, do you drink out of a nalgene bottle?
/me hugs Mike twilight_sprinkle and texasboykc09
goddamnit why do i like Evangelion, i seriously dont understand why it is so popular
Bronysith: because mindbuckery
if you answered yes, to two or more of those questions, you might be a lesbian.
Lyra`: ... where have I heard these before?
science doesnt lie.
most likely cause it has hot girls in skin tight clothing and "mechs"
Lyra`: ...Spinnerette?
yup :D
lol you read it too?
my favorite page of that comic <3
00,10unit 02-dash.......I see that geting used
you know i do!
lol
NocturnalBlade: I seem to be hated today because Shizuka is less lenient. Thank you for that.
I like it
best lesbian super hero EVER!
13Mike: Or it could be because you're trying to provoke everyone
one of the few apparently
Mike: what you mean?
and shes not a lesbian super hero. shes just a super hero. who happens to like girls.
Shizuka: I'm pointing out flaws. It's their decision whether to reply.
Mike, don't point out flaws. It doesn't come out pretty.
^
i learned that the hard way
NocturnalBlade: Bronysith was spamming and I tried to mess with him, which Shizuka didn't approve of.
meh
mike, just add an extra I to your name
ESPECIALLY if the flaws are about a person. Then you just asked for trouble.
and the word snow
become, Miike Snow
i cant agree with that AssaultWithEmbraces
Mike: you revealed PM logs
while in this case it felt like Mike did go overboard
^
and it felt more like trolling tbh
yeah dude that's messed up
and revealing pm logs in mane chat is something im personally against too
Mike: disclosing pms are against network ToS, you /could/ be k-lined
PM logs are sacred
hell even LYRA knows that
Bronysith: Ah. My memory of rules tends to be hazy, you know.
Mike: no excuses, you should be lucky you weren't banned
Mike: ignorance is no excuse for lawbreaking
mostly because if my PM logs got out, i might go to jail >.> <.<
Lyra`: same
Lyra`: .... you scare me sometimes filly
hey, its legal in australia
but still AssaultWithEmbraces ,i cant agree with not revealing flwas. people should accept that they have flaws and try to improve it. like my parents told me, people who truly care about you will tell you about your flaws, others will just play along
Lyra`is crazy but likeable ^_^
otakon: sometimes?
thanks NocturnalBlade :D
Otakon: Again, I'm not pleading not guilty with this.
otakon: shes like the female version of me
twilight_sprinkle: I know. But revealing a person's flaws for the purpose of making fun of them is what I was getting at.
...
oh hell no, Bronysith
no Bronysith she is WAY beyond your level of odd
:D
How's that slurping Blade.
otakon: hence why i love her
well good for you
Jmo: do what now?
with a bit of saxton hale thrown in.
Lyra`: So you're a tiny head with a big nose?
NocturnalBlade: i think hes saying youre sucking up
Ding ding ding ding.
We have a winner.
mike, dont cross me.
but i dont see whats the point of sucking up to an ordinary user
so i dont think he is
Lyra`: Sorry, couldn't resist.
:3
otakon: i think we need to take cover
unless im unaware of something
no
twilight_sprinkle: ah
no we don't
or evil older sister?
and that scares me
we do
hell speaking of him, anyone hear from the silly Scot today?
not today
my aussie powers werent tingling so i dont think he got on
i think he was on a bit today but im not sur
Well. Signing off. Bai.
bye Mike
good ridance
good riddance
YOU FUCKIGN NINJA
herdmiiiind
What's going on in here? >_>
CriticKitten: run
oh the usual
someone is wrong on the internet
CriticKitten, hai :3
ohai CriticKitten
Well it's not me, obviously, I'm never wrong.
Shizuka: PULEASE. Ive known dis bizwitch long enough
...why did he rejoin even?
00,10so yeah first 6min, awsome
Sumica: 3.33?
00,10yeak
glad to hear irt
*it
yeah
Sumica: only 6 minutes?
00,10tempted to show.
Anyways, just popping on for a brief moment to see what's going on. Haven't felt so great today.
Sumica: DO IT
id rather not see it
cause spoilers
what up CriticKitten
twilight_sprinkle: shut up and enjoy one of the most overrated animes ever
Nasty cough. Won't go away. 'tis part of being a sickly lil' thing.
13doitdoitdoitdoit
Shizuka: i knew you would say that
13just not the camrip, still pretty bleh quality and looks like it's on its side
Bronysith: but spoilers will make that harder
word for word
twilight_sprinkle: ifyouknowwhatimean.jpg
but eh i dont really care for spoilers that much, so i guess whatevs
i read that as *catnip, Shizuka
Bronysith: ...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vcrga9bBj7o&list=PL55BC4FB9EA2BE577&index=142
this entire chat is just like
beep boop
imma cloud
entire chat is ded
all the juice is gone
everything is made of rubber
and before you even ask
yes
not the juice
yes it is
The juice was gone before you frikkin began drinking
LEEEEEEEEEEEEEROYYYYYY!
SpadeKyurem[WoW]: how goes paying 15 dollars a month?
Good
Mmm, much better. Cough medicine tastes nasty, but it at least helps with that dry throat feeling. ^^
guild wars 2 has the potential to destroy wow
AHAHAHA
No it doesn't
Oh everyone fucking says that about EVERY new MMO
It gets fucking old
MMO?
i know XD
Massive multiplayer online
I don't even care too much about WoW anymore but even I know nothing can kill WoW.
Besides, it's doing that fine on its own.
They said that about The Old Republic didnt they?
<3
what?
GW2's player count is already dropping, and they didn't even break three mil. But it's doing well enough and I'm happy with it. :p
TOR killing wow? even then i knew was bullshit
Blizzard is almost as evil as EA
<3 <3 <3
Except Blizzard actually semi cares for its players
Activision-Blizzard you mean
gawd, that was funny when that happened
TOR was never gonna kill WoW either, because it IS WoW
KrazyNoobs: dont go breakin my heart now
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KLeqLaIFNx0&list=PL55BC4FB9EA2BE577&index=149 Go go His World
Well yeah, the Old republic basically copy and pasted wow's abilities into its game.
Even the interface is identical, seriously, they made NO efforts to conceal it.
yay
a video
CriticKitten: That bad huh?
dat sumi?
eeyup
hmm....should i or should i not...
Shizuka: get your plot in here
Spade: It's got a "retro" mode for the interface that is identical to WoW's.
I dont want to sound blind but I have not seen one MMO that felt like it could tear me away from WoW
....
the hell is this?
That's about as blatant as it gets
otakon: sneak peak of 3.33
first six minutes of Eva 3.0
who is streaming?
oh for bollocks sake
00,10it's the new build of Kerbal
Sumica:
that too
Sumi: This build's pretty hype.
yay Sumica stream
:D
Wow, that's a lot of wasted materials to make all those stages.
Sumica: Did you build this?
13just another day at work
It looks like something you would build
hey! it's canti!
00,02ffsplit has been updated, works with ustream now :)
13woohoo
What do you guys think Season 3 Episode 8 will be? No information released on it yet.
00,02no more epic hack stream setup : D
and then Shizuka loved asuka
13>no need to worry
13< that
Phase4: you seem happy about that
well it's obviously Asuka
Rebuild 3 ?
otakon: well yea, only that great body can belong to her
13this is why shizu doesn't wear hats
WITH AN EYEPATCH
ASUKA IS BACK!
00,02texasboykc09, well you have no idea how anoying the setup i was using is
Pirate Asuka?
SERIOUSLY WHAT IS WITH THE EYEPATCHES?
Asuka with eyepatch = <3
Cya everypony
Mari?
they're space pirates
i dont like the percussion instrument version of this song
bye DerpyMuffins
Phase4: by what you just said, i dont want to know.
00,10docking the hard way
so the whole world is tang now?
no
13asuka just committed an orbital GET OVER HERE pull
otherwise they would be too
DerpyMuffins: bye
Why is The Hub hiding information on Season 3 Episode 8?
the whole world looks like it is tang otakon
13well
00,02needs more engines
13shinji did kick off third impact at the end of rebuild 32
13er
132
00,10that's stage 3 Phase4
00,02why would you turn off the engines
<--- which version?
00,10she use the other 2 stages already
Shizuka: he got kaput though
Shizuka: just so he could get some of that rei
13she just needs to slow it down for reentry it seems
00,02Sumica, NEEDS MORE ENGINES
13THIS THEME
13SO MUCH
besides they got ground crew
oh yes this theme~
lol im rocking out to "I will survive
<--- Which version is this?
the hell is that on her left boob?
05,15hey people. What's going on?
since when does she have an eyepatch?
fluttercry: evangelino rebuild 3.0
D:
hiya fluttercry
WHAT?
Lyra`: since she got shanked
fluttercry, this
DAMNIT, I missed it
crapa!
we're watching Captain Syrup of the Space Pirates try to steal Wario's Space bank again
00,10sence she got her ass handed to her by unit 1 when she was in unit 5
goddamnit i love gainax
otakon: actually i love/hate gainax
yeah me too
13remember
13you feel every hit the eva takes
eeyup
13BY THE POWER OF BAKA
Shizuka: cause the evas arent mechs
13SHINJI used FUCK OFF BEAM
00,10deus ex shinji
suddenly laser sword
13It's SUPER EFFECTIVE
sorry, shinji is having a cry right now. would you like to take a message?
the hell just happened
the whole world looks like it is tang now otakon
IT'S NOT
13shinji just wrecked the angel's shit
otakon: WELCOME TO EVANGELION i will be your host
if it was there would be NO GODDAMN GROND CREW
00,10the end
:D
so... Shinji went into space
13so yeah
Earth is best tang
Awesome
well that spoiled nothing lol
...
now wait one year for another six minutes
THAT EXPLAINS NOTHING
13rebuild 3 is going to be awesome x 10
well that was awesome ^_^
GODDAMMIT GAINAX
otakon: WELCOME TO EVANGELION i will be your host
except maybe asuka being alive, but thats everywhere
00,10all action no spilers
Bronysith: I've been here
00,10the best kind of teaser
DAMMIT
Except that Asuka is alive.
/me flips table
shizu, just pray that they don't screw it like like they did with End of Eva
13TheGreatAndPowerfulT: 13 minute camrip is out from somewhere in the middle of the movie, 30 minute camrip is out near the end, both are pretty awful quality
otakon: need i repeat myself a 3rd time?
Sumica: show Dead Leaves please, I need random to clear my head
SUMIADVENTURES
oi Phase4 i can haz pm?
otakon: its gainax, what can you expect
Sumica: So what crazy shenanigans are we getting into today?
otakon: probably one of the best anime companies out there...god why do they piss us off
00,02twilight_sprinkle, asking to pm someone kinda riuins the whole private thing
hello Sumica
screw dead leaves, redline
Heading to bed. Cough's still there but not as bad, hoping will be gone by tomorrow.
Sumica: I found one on YT a while back, hold on I'll see if it's any good
Phase4: well i just wanted to make sure you were here :P
Goldframe: we've seen it like 500 times though
So any ideas what shenanigans Sumica is going to be up to tonight?
Swingset
probably BUStin up some innocent people
Since I'm off my suggestion ban, Ore Imo. I think you'll like it, Sumi.
otakon: i love gainax for gurren lagann
love/hate them for evangelion
Belive in the you that belives in me
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6suX5z40dkg Sumica here for a full YT posting
ugh.. dead leaves is a weird movie
Sumica: look up
yeah but how the HELL did she get into space?
Sumica: So what wacky adventures are we going to do today?
and why was Shinji apparently in space when he was ... well you know he was IMPALED by a Spear of Longinus?
FINISH THE JOB
Sumica: you cant kill gods messenger!
get away from me
Officer
No problems here
otakon: mechs require space travel at some point
cause
Gurren lagann is awesome
wait thats not wat i wanted to say
I love how Sumica nonshelantly rammed that officer
SpadeKyurem[WoW]: ifyouknowwhatimean.jpg
WELP
Sumica: Clearly <_<
now where was i
oh yea
Gurren lagann is awesome
evangelion is fucking weird
FLCL is just...what
FLCL?
What?
Fooly Cooly
05,15Woohoo! All my IRC ping sounds have been changed to Persona 4 related clips. Tonight is a complete success
fluttercry: orly
O_O
/me slaps fluttercry around a bit with a large trout
05,15Now when people say my name, it goes "ACE DETECTIVE"
fluttercry: but as of now, persona 3 is better
Why buy a Vita?
05,15lies
what do all think with my first oc with the worlds longest mane http://i.imgur.com/te4us.png
SpadeKyurem[WoW]: so i can play alot of my playstation network games on the go
I swear, if I ever get this game, I'm modding out the WEAZEL NEWS.
13Sumica: hit complete scan first
13if you have mp3s or shortcuts to mp3s in there
SpadeKyurem[WoW]: but again, might be a GIFT to me so i wont complain if i get it
13ah there you go <3
Can you mod a nuke into this game?
hey KindOne
Does it also take flacs?
13yeah that's how i loaded mine in, better than rollercoaster tycoon 3 where you have to put the files in there
13it might take flac, details are in the readme i think
13Sumica: ikr, i was like "whoa awesome" when SA could do shortcuts too
Ohai fluttercry *hugs*
fluttercry: but why do you hate persona 3?
13oo is this a main quest mission or a side? haven't seen this before
I have a Steam folder on my external HDD now. So I'll be installing this game on the same drive as all of my music, then.
05,15I don't hate Persona 3. It was a lot of fun. But 4 was better
fluttercry: so why do you hate persona 3?
05,15Also, a "recent Places" icon has shown up on my desktop and I can't delete it.
13Sumica: did you do the playboy/that other guy mission yet? that's the last one i did
13the holland play or something
fluttercry: is it because you got your ass kicked in persona 3?
13oki :P
13well fun <3
whoa
fluttercry: i know i am currently getting my ass kicked in persona 3
05,15Bronysith what part of "I don't hate Persona 3, I thought it was fun" do you not get?
fluttercry: cause you fucking pulled a Kenye west XD
"yo persona 3 im happy for you and imma let you finish, but PErsona 4 is much better"
05,15tis the truth
fluttercry: dont spoil persona 3 for me
or i will do to you what 4kids did to one piece
I'm back~
wb thelonepony
Shizuka knows whats up
05,15also, Dwayne is way better than Playboy X in GTAIV
oHai texasboykc09 :)
/msg MemoServ READ NEW
damn
13yeah i kept dwayne alive, gta wiki says he gives you better options going forward
Bronysith: So..butcher it mercesiclly?
Bronysith, your chat is writing checks your body can't cash... but I still agree with your sentiment.
Bronysith: Yohoho, he took a bite outta of Gum Gum.
fluttercry: dwayne givs back up :3
13:P
05,15That he does. PlayboyX only gives you some money and I think maybe a jacket
Sumica: do you know how long it took them to make this game?
13midlife crisis is the only SA track i have loaded in
Sumica, are the Nanoha ED themes in the mix?
13radio x was the best
13say it with me, saaaaaaaage
05,15I hear GNR radio
05,15or is in JNR
05,15I can't remember
Vordox: who took a bite outta of gum gum?
fluttercry did you get rid of the "recent places" thing already ?
Vordox: where are they?
13the camera looks drunk
13wobbling a bit
05,15TheGreatAndPowerfulT yup
Camera go home
k
Nothing goes with vehicular carnage quite like "Make a Little Wish" and "Spritual Garden"
You're drunk
13OH i know why
....
fluttercry: so yea, spoil it for me and you know what happens
you guys... =P
13it's to make sure the image isn't static, to prevent burn in
05,15"What do you call 4 geniuses soloing at once?
13but the HUD would do that so...
05,15"Jazz"
Shizuka: Burn in?
thelonepony, it's a line from the terribad opening to the One Piece dub.
Kandarihu: 4kids dub, the funimation one isnt bad
^
13SpadeKyurem[WoW]: CRT tv/monitors and i think some plasmas have this issue where if you leave one image on the screen too long the pixels get stuck
Bronysith, so I hear.
05,15I liked the conservative talk radio show in GTA4. It made me laugh
Kandarihu: no seriously, the funimation one is really enjoyable with great voice actors
How they ask a kid to end world hunger one? i love that bit
13WCTR was better, I Say You Say was more fun than the hyperstereotypes they're using in PLR and WKTT
05,15I liked the hypersterotypes though. There was no moderation. Either everyone was a hippie, or a gun nut
05,15"Science is a four letter word in my home. The only time science is okay is when it's about turning a million ungrateful foreigners into glass"
i liked running over old people in gta4
Bronysith: Good on ya, getting rid of the old farts
13the little genius kid getting spanked on PLR is kind of funny but usually i have it on the user track station
131992 music was so much better :P
05,15Xbox doesn't have the user station.
13:<
05,15So I usually flipped between Lazlo, WKTT, and Liberty Rock
13and ogg lock
05,15It certainly wasn't as good as the old Laszlo, but it was better than some of the other stuff.
i hope GTA5 is going to be on PC
05,15Also, I'm super excited for GTA5. It seems that their going for the "Buddy crime action/comedy" feel
fluttercry: but GTA4 was good
hi everypony
anyone still awake
13fluttercry: we're just getting old, music these days is just noise amirite
damn, the only grand theft auto game i remember actually playing was vice city
05,15GTA4 was awesome.
and for some reason it was always that fat guy and the chainsaw mission
13i still need to play VC
they remade gta vice city for iStuff btw
05,15Shizuka WHAT WAS THAT SPEAK UP! I don't hear so well
13huh wha
or rather ported, not remade
Shizuka: hi
fluttercry: dont make me blend you
/me 13sticks a giant funnel in her ear
05,15Fun fact: I'm actually hard of hearing in my right ear due to a bad infection when I was a baby
yeah
fluttercry: how bad was it?
fluttercry: im hard of hearing cause of a vanhalen concert
sitting us right next to the speakers and forgetting my ear plugs
totally worth it
05,15texasboykc09 bad enough that I have to constantly ask people to repeat things
05,15Also, no game will ever have a better soundtrack than Fallout 3
Shadow of the colossus
ARGUMENT INVALID BITCH
13a wild sumica appeared
fluttercry: that get annoying after a while
man shadow of the colossus
what game should i get on steam
05,15Ella Fitzgerald and the Ink Spots, you're argument is invalid
i remember my cousins had that game
<---- Computer in your computer
:D
they hated it because they couldm't figure it out
13wow they already had niko's resume on file
fluttercry: *your. your argument is invalid
05,15SHADDUP IT'S LATE
13>before midnight
Time compression.
13>sleepy
hey guys
13wtf body
and then i started playing it and they thought it started lookin good
fluttercry: fully orchestrated music that fits the colossus boss fights fully
hi vinly
05,15Niko could give up his life of crime and be a secretary with that typing speed
were da stream
How does one man type so fast?
Niko my cousin, you type so fast, it is as if you are not human!
oh live\
05,15Sumica you should try to find the "How to be PC" website
i can type fast to
what we watching
75 WPM
love it
13there's supposed to be a site that lists all the cell phone cheats
13i couldn't find the page though
i know
Cousin! Lets go bowling!
its cheatcc.com
05,15whattheydontwantyoutoknow.com
vinly: Sumica playing GTA4
lookit up
13yep the pageant honeypot
he has a gun! Let me run out the door that he is guarding!
cheat cc
SpadeKyurem[WoW]: for the last fucking time, i dont want to go fucking bowling with you
dat FLCL ^_^
whoo layer
no
Yeah! RIDE ON SHOOTING STAR!
that's THE PILLOWS
i shall protect otakon from the FLCL
with tonberries
legit episode yesterday
I don't need protection
13well that guy's having a bad day
:)
the pillows
/me air guitars to the song "i love it"
05,15Perseus is where you get the snappy suits
13GOOOOOLDBEEEERG
13so he runs towards you
fluttercry: i was thinking about cosplaying as the persona 3 protagonist...cause hes awesome like that
GOOOOOOOOOLDBERG
de files
They know no fear in Liberty City.
They know only courage.
13nice 180
Courage and rage.
05,15dat british guy
How much do the car insurance people get payed/lose in Liberty City>
?
13he's an actual DJ i think
05,15It's always weird in GTA games when they use british slang
WELP
nice job sumi lol
sounds like the op from the gantz anime series
Only british slang I know is Twat
05,15Grass
I heard it before, from Radioproject
05,15and Boot are the ones that I can recall
Shag?
Grand Theft Auto: Nikyo Drift
MULTI CAR DRIFTING
13jacket of iron and pants of obsidian?
13WHERE ARE THE DIAMOND BOOTS
Sumica: Shop owner remember when I said I would kill you last?
p4ngya: british for $%^$ing
well, Rockstar IS a british game studio
where was gondor when Shizuka asked wehre the diamond boots were
05,15dem glasses fit that suit
DRESSED TO KILL
thats it...Super Shooter by Rip Sylme
and then i set fluttercry on fire for hating hte SoTC soundtrack
James Bond up in this bitch
05,15Stop assuming I hate everything
Goldframe, thank you
13no sunglasses are only at the russian place
13suuuucks
fluttercry: yea you arent Meanwhile
Only the Russians know the ways of the sunglasses.
Meanwhile hates everything
thanks Goldframe ^_^
13i wanted to dress niko up like i did CJ, biker all leather outfit
meanwhile is a stupid asshat
05,15I like the blue tracksuit.
BOOM HEADSHOT
13with a big black stetson and shades
05,15RUN FORREST
free suit
fluttercry: but shadow fo the colossus made its own music, fallout 3 just took oldies, even though they are good XD
YOINK
:)
how are ya Afflict?
Niko my cousin, you must run!
Bronysith: He's hacking slashing and wackin!
So fucking catchy
05,15Niko my cousin! We should go drinking!
oh God
JUST SHOOT HIM ALREADY
Oh, the song is mostly over
gtg, night everyone :)
13>nice new car
Cousin my Niko, I swear to drunk I'm not God!
night thelonepony
13>mostly destroyed in five minutes
COUSIN LETS GOBOWLING
05,15That's GTA for you
yes but it onl takes a second to use a cheat Shizu
13true
But Sumica doesnt cheat
13i've used the health/weapon cheat more times than i care to count
daaaamn
05,15I usually don't cheat until after I've beat the game
^
Is Shizu accompanying Sumica in the destruction of Liberty City tonight?
I never cheat on my girlfriends.
I THINK I CAN!
nnope
More Pillows
Wait wat?
13generally i cheat and play as though i don't
Fix the damn car
Different kind of cheat you say?
MOAR PILLOWS IS BEST!
Huh?
13so godmode but still take cover etc
Shizuka: for shame
What's more pillows?
AssaultWithEmbraces: <3
the music
05,15I wish GTA4 had the cheat to make the citizens riot
AssaultWithEmbraces: the song artist lol
13Sumica: no cloverleafs? phoenix was like that
Riot mode?
05,15SpadeKyurem[WoW] everyone started killing each other
13SA's story had los santos start rioting at one point
Shizuka: phoenix wright?
fluttercry: sounds like the best thing ever
13referencing the 1992 LA riots over a similar cop corruption case
That game was AMAZING in other words
13there was a cheat to force the riots on any time
Aw yeaah
05,15GTA3 had that mode too
What?
I dun remember that
05,15People would walk around with M60s and shoot everyone
Waaat?
I never seen that
Sumica: So you got a suit and a new car what are you gonna do now?!
05,15State of Emergency
how long is it takeing fo it to download?
*for
i want the vita so i can play persona 4
Who stole our car?
13Sumica: is it actively going? steam tends to stop downloads when you start a game up
ok, you?
13right :P
doing ok thanks
Where the fuck did our Pimping car go?
05,15HE STOLE A CAR! SHOOT HIM
13dat Air
13tori no uta remix?
god i love shadow of the colossus
Maybe this is just me, but Skype makes my games run like poo
such a perfect game
oooh, it is
13guess i should get air huh :P
it was pretty active today
10? for jo right?
hello everypony
ohai Zeus
Hi
you're not Zeus
13this is nice mix
Shizuka, do the shortcuts have to be for individual files? Or would a playlist suffice?
Sumica: Swingset shenanigans?
uh huh
13Kandarihu: has to be the individual files
Bronysith sh. Don't ruin it for him (he paid me good money to act like he is)
Shizuka, okay. I guess it'll work out.
13and then you could still copy the actual files in if the shortcuts don't work
05,15I think sunglasses are only in the Russian store
05,15same with hats
Why only the Russian store?
Ima listen to babs seed while you play.
13i've had a couple tracks just not play when the radio gets to them, i think it's because they're too long or maybe the filename/tags have something it doesn't like
we just need something to talk about haha
Its.. Kind of funny actually.
lol
Barbetos: I'm blasting City escape watching this
It fits amusingly
13dat nope
sorry, I havent been in the best of moods lately :(
Sorry for text wall. Pedestrians riot
While playing the game, press Down, Up, Left, Up, X, R1, R2, L2, L1. If you entered the code correctly, a message will appear. Note: Saving the game will make the effects of this code permanent.
Huh
05,15SpadeKyurem[WoW] LIVE AND LEARN
GTA 3
this in game radio is sadly better than the crap i hear on the way to class
it's ok, hope you feel better soon :)
Live and Learn is great but I dont think it goes with everything
It isnt Guile's theme
Zeus: he's running the custom playlist atm
13GTA4 really needed an interstate like SA
yes
13somewhere you could just open up the throttle and go all the way around the world
oooh, this the original version I hear?
Goldframe: ...still better
or is it from the movie?
13speaking of more anime to show maybe i'll show akira soon since no one votes for it
PHYSICS
13oh sumica collision detection is HARD :P
05,15TETSUOOOOOOOOOOO
PHYSICS DO NOT WORK THAT WAY
http://i.imgur.com/QphxY.png what do all think of my second oc?
Dethklok woooo <3
13even though every game engine implements rain as a cylinder around the camera which should easily be able to hull check for a skybox above it
Oh, COFFEE!
05,15Akira was actually one of the first anime things I ever saw
thanks
the first anime i ever saw was sailor moon
http://i.imgur.com/UX4Ikh.jpg Love this game so much.
13that offramp is horrible design
I think its just the stress :/ I still havent finished all my moving yet
fluttercry: wow what a way to start
my dads b-day is in a few days too, been thinking of that alot more
:(
I think my first one was Ronin Warriors
05,15Well dressed man walking into a dirty basement to buy guns. Seems legit
either that or the old DBZ ocean dubs
first one i saw was sailor moon but the first one i paid attention to was elfen lied
Code Geass was my first
05,15Shizuka's colors are gone O///O
Technically, the first anime I watched ws Go Lion. But I had no perception of it being foreign. The first anime I watched while being aware of it being anime was Sailor Moon. And that's when I fell in love with anime.
actually
hm
actually my first anime was speed racer
Shizuka is nekked
i always forget speed
05,15Cowboy Bebop was the first thing I saw. Then Akira. Then Princess Mononoke
code geass is a load of Meh
ja but my eyes are not liking my pink atm..
code geass>gurren lagan
05,15dat Full Metal Alchemist
L'arc, nice
death note couldve been the perfect anime, if it ended after L died
ah FMA
this the full version, Sumi?
Bronysith: lets agree that FMA is the best?
FMA: B was better though
Death note is just a breeding ground for yaoi fangirls
05,15FMA was great. I haven't seen Brotherhood yet
it was far from perfect before l died
Zeus: huh? fuck no, it is great, but not the best
I saw Conqueror of Shamballa
first anime i saw was shaman king though
oh i haven't seen that either
05,15Nope. I've been busy with Evangelion and Black Lagoon
Brotherhood is just FMA's version of Hellsing Ultimate
i watched FMA but felt it ran waaaaaaay too long
fluttercry: brotherhood is better imo
Brotherhood is like a side-story to the original
BROTHERHOD IS BEST!
52 eps is just too long for a single arc
Shizuka: Brotherhood is 65 eps but it's GOOD well paced
Evangelion and Gurren lagann are my fav animes though, short and sweet and utterly awesome
gah
It sorta goes more in-depth into everything that happened imo
except evangelion, just pure ass
fluttercry, Brotherhood is the source material handled properly
Shizuka: c'mon GIVE IT A CHANCE!
Kandarihu: thank you
Ive just been trying to keep my mind on other things
Dat rubber burning
do you have the movies too Sumica ?
ive never even seen FMA
05,15As long as Brotherhood doesn't get like Bleach where EVERYTHING is filler and boring. I'm okay with it
and The Sacred Star of Milos ?
Pretty loud stereo system in that car
fluttercry: brotherhood follows the manga more than the original
twilight_sprinkle: it is fucked up
Brotherhood follows the manga more as opposed to the first fma series
Da shoes
Its probably the shoes
Bronysith: more than eva?
05,15It might be the glasses or shoes
i forgot what anime i first watched...was it sailor moon? hmmm
twilight_sprinkle: i mean, not as fucked up as evangelion,
and then the clothing store was across the street
fluttercry, FMA = DBZ. FMA:B = DBKai
niko is haruhi
That parking
Oh how nice of dem
No you let him live
You killed da black guy
twilight_sprinkle: 8 year old kid lost his body due to trying to transmute their mother back to life, he lost his entire body, his brother lost an arm and a leg
I saw IT ALL
no you shot the bouncer lol
Kandarihu: that sounds terrible to me....
05,15I wore the Obsidian suit with black loafers
Shizuka: if niko was haruhi then the world would have ended awhile ago
The glasses!
twilight_sprinkle: the brother with his body transmuted his brothers soul into a suit of armor and now they try and find a philosophers stone to try and get enough power to get their bodies back
Wow
bye everypony
Nice parking.
back from filling my swiss account
sees ya texasboykc09
Bronysith: hm, well at least he has armor
05,15lol
BONK
I meant to say that the first anime went off in some strange direction halfway through, that just doesn't live up to the original. FMA Brotherhood is a straight adaptation of the original
twilight_sprinkle: he has no body, he cant eat or sleep or anything
you gonna sit through the whole interview like a champ?
Thats how I take off my glasses too
Before O go to bed
I cant sleep ;_;
You left us
D=
Bronysith: how is he not dead then?
Megic
thelonepony: why?
05,15It's the glasses. You can wear any suit and shoe combo but no glasses
twilight_sprinkle: cause his real body is held in the place between worlds waiting for his soul to come back and they can rejoin
NocturnalBlade: becuase of this place of course :P
05,15The suit is fine
thelonepony: well if youre not tired then its ok. if you are, just relaxing in bed is good too
why can't you just TAKE THE GLASSES OFF AND PUT THEM IN YOUR POCKET
The game can't handle your classiness level
You probably have to go back to a hideout and get rid of them
what Shizuka said
Ohai everypony. Damn Niko, you're looking snazzy.
twilight_sprinkle: edward used transmutation, sacrificing his arm, to seal his brothers soul into a suit of armor so he didnt lose him
/me is bein sneakeh
thelonepony: lol ^_^ i understand completly lol
05,15dat Shizu is a spah!
Shizuka: Where are your colors, why are you nekked
twilight_sprinkle: again, these kids were like 7 when they did this
ohai Petrified_Discord
Bronysith: hm well still, ive seen more messed up things
Shizu well its cause it is stuck to his model
Hi Petrified_Discord :)
Free ride
twilight_sprinkle: yea, evangelion XD
YELLOW CAR
05,15TAXIIII CAAAAAAAB
Blasting off again?
but seriously, fuck FMA
kill everyone in a bloody rage over suit?
kill everyone in a bloody rage WITH a suit
^
Daaayum, Niko
Drive from broker?
No thanks
lol
it's a nice suit
it's very well starched
More like you can't see without your glasses :I
gta 6 felma's revenge
and the Sumica was jhonny bravo
^
I can't see shit without my glasses if it's more than 5 inches away from me
>push guy
>get cops
lol I was about to say the same thing
!!!
lmao
Hooray for nearsightedness
05,15lol
05,15HE PUSHED SOMENE! KILL HIM
stop you violated the law, pay with your blood
lel
They only shot him LIGHTLY
so 1 pint or what?
Lel, indeed
how much blood you want?
you're in deep shizu now Sumica
1 pint 2 pints?
Sumica: does this bug you? does this bug you?
never should of shoved that dude now you got the national guard after you
05,15Obviously it's because you are a terrorist
that is did Sumica that is did :D
he is brown
oh oh i know this track
gah where do i know this track
oh duh
portal
05,15push a guy.....swat team shows up
lion king
How is the helo not keeping up?
05,15Is this Portal?
ooooo, so close
no its lion king
what would the world be like if everyone drove like this?
couldn't hear the lead synth cause volume is down
Yes fluttercry
fluttercry: what if i used this evoker?
05,15lol, I love how my ping is ACE DETECTIVE so now when I ask stupid questions, when I get answers, my ping makes fun of me!
i think this is the ending song of portal 2 minus the chorus part
Or get good exercise
If you don't have a car
Oh nice
05,15dat Final Fantasy 7
OH YES
Aw,,,,]
Lame
final fantasy 7 <3
what would niko's resume look like if he did it legit?
lmao
is tht portal 2?
STUPID COPS
that was 7? thought it was 8...
But he's in a suit!
Shizuka: FALSE
BAD DAY BAD DAY
05,15No that's 7
never did finish 8 the PC port was so rough around the edges
Fatties!
05,15It's the boss music
Final fantasy 7 is my fav final fantasy
tied with 6 of course
05,158 is terrible no matter where you play it Shizu
naturally
those who fight further i think is the name
i played through 7's port twice but probably wouldn't do it again without vm or maybe an emulator
jakie chan adventure reference for the win
now for approiate music!!!
that's a stunt jump but you need the whole road to clear it
So, whatchya talking abou?
FF7 is a great introductory into the final fantasy franchise
05,15this mix sounds like Manheim Steamroller lol
typical day on patrol for that guy
then ff6 is the best one in the series though
He was drunk and sent home mica
drunk on duty lol
it might be OCremix
and of course, chrono trigger kicks all of the final fantasies ass
i only played ff7: crisis core which was great
cause chrono trigger is perfect <3
yeah pretty sure it's OCRemix
05,15Chrono Trigger was fantastic
fluttercry: perfect
i like what OCRemix did with the doom OSTs
that's actuually the blackmages
fluttercry: i cosplayed as crono for dragoncon, funtimes
http://cheezburger.com/6880355840
memebase sucks
05,15I also really liked Legend of Mana
fluttercry: dont you mean secret of mana?
05,15No I mean Legend of Mana
fluttercry: seriously, for a moment i thought you were going to say legend of dragoon
Which GTA is this?
05,154
Thanks.
Secret of Evermore? AMIRITE!?
05,15A man who does not eat pork bun is never a true man
Final Fantasy movie is worst movie
No.
SpadeKyurem[WoW] which one. There are two.
fluttercry: have you played legend of dragoon? no? START PLAYING IT
YOU KNOW YOU WANT A HOT DOG
SpadeKyurem[WoW]: advent children?
the one that has nothing to do with Final fantasy
spirits within
SpadeKyurem[WoW]: oh, that hsit
Spirits with in has everything to do with it
bad movie but good for what it was
XD
AssaultWithEmbraces: no what?
Dat Portal song
no u
There was absolutly nothing Final Fantasy related in that piece of shit
Wait, can you install custom music or something?
05,15Is that metal Want You Gone?
suddenly want you gone rock version
Shizuka: what in the glorious name of dai gurren is that supposed to mean?
was that a rock version of Want you gone?
AssaultWithEmbraces: lel
I actually took a class tha was taught by one of the people who worked on Spirits Within
By bus
BUS
covered in blood?
HUZZAH
05,15Soaking wet, driving a bus and covered in blood?
STAND BACK CITIZEN, I HAVE AN INTERVIEW
Shizuka: seriously why are you nekked
SHIZUBUS, AWAY!
"the flying whore"
Shizuka! You're naked!
05,15dat Disco
Fly cliff racer FLY so HIAAGH
because eyes do not appreciate pink atm
Is Niko a brony?
and do not want to use dark pink because that is vivi's colors
Is this custom music?
:3
SpadeKyurem[WoW]: stop saying that, i dont wanna picture shizu nekked :D
yay for portal music ^^
well custom playlist pony_4908
Shizuka: WHy not use rainbow then?
Sumica play a game of Speed!
Ohai ponies
Shizuka: where is Vivi anyways?
don't have a rainbowscript for irssi
havent seen or heard of her in months
Suddenly, SHIZUBUS
Pinkies4thWall: hey dude
Sumica: This is not the proper way to show up at an interview
Bronysith: she moved recently, but also had her hard drive blow up and is very busy :/
run people over in a bus...totally fine lol
so lots of things conspiring against her coming back
-pretend theres a bomb and you can't go below...
Shizuka: keep telling yourself that...
The PROPER way to show up to an interview is in a buste red 94 toyota 4runner
Shoot the faggot
didnt he already buy that?
whoa
While wearing a t shirt
I've had the pleasure of witnessing Vivi's last 2 streams. And they are my most favorite streams
05,15SpadeKyurem[WoW] tone it down a bit
Wait, is this Shizuka or Sumi playing?
the oh my gives it away
Sumica
It's bowling time@
At least it's not full of Lucycon attendees. >_>
LETS GO BOWLING
AssaultWithEmbraces: when were they, i think i missed them
"missiles" to launch
Especially the one when she played music for us on her piano
05,15Sumica, if you accept, and the call back to decline, you won't lose favor
niko is there something you need to tell us
the hat
NocturnalBlade, you weren't around at the time
gun?
misus nezbit
Blow shit up
AssaultWithEmbraces: u sure?
blood rage?
Sumica: do it. and blow their heads off.
05,15Try the Loafer shoes
NocturnalBlade, not sure. Forgot.
AssaultWithEmbraces: aaaw, its ok ^_^
Fustrated in gta?
Dressed to kill
you have not started working and you want to kill your boss already Sumica ?
Well..
This happens
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: part of the requirements
Trixie, Niko's had a shit day.
13Soon the lawyers will call for an appointment. Get yourself a nice suit and smart shoes from your penthouse or from Perseus. Strangely enough, the mission won't start if you are wearing anything on your head at all (which includes glasses, hats, and even a balaclava).
*insert terminator soundtrack*
KILL THEM ALL
WHATS THAT SANVICH?!
05,15Oh god he's on a rampage
05,15nothing can stop him
Oh god
We're boned
someone seems to be a little mad ^^;
fluttercry: hold me. I'm scared
WELP
DED
/me slaps DashWithRainbows around a bit with a large trout
The casualties of fashion
Sumica: all this not a week after the kindergarten debacle. too soon?
one trip to hospital and all better
05,15"Hey guys, I'm the strategy guide! Nothing's going to happen on my wa-"*gets shot by sumi"
lolwut
AND cleared of charges as well?
yup
Not for long...
welcome to GTA
BAD DAY BAD DAY
...he is clearly not trying to hide ^^;
shot..
gun
Close
Now all we need is explosions
Niko is love and tolerating everywhere
Sumica: Think happy thoughts
05,15These cops made Fluttershy cry
Saying that as he died
comes out of hospital across the street
GOOD COPS
Where'd the bodies go?
the hospital picked them up
I recomend orbital friendship cannon... or the bass cannon, take your pick ^^
BOOM HEADSHOT
*Hospital staff packages his weapons along with his clothing upon patient discharge
Orbital
Lol pony_4908
This game needs a nuke
Doctor-Patient confidentiality?
one glock springfield...RPG. And a suit...wait nevermind its not a suit
SpadeKyurem[WoW]: you get one with purchase of a Dahl sentry turret
Please clear the area~
cheatcheatcheatcheat :P
Sumica just doesnt give a shit anymore does he?
sumica did you see the super bus video i linked in skype earlier?
What caused this once sane man to go over the edge?
NOPE! :)
is there a cheat code to get you a real suit?
What is colour Shizuka.
05,15Sumi buy the loafer shoes
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGBxgnFSXgk when you get the chance sumi :P
Just buy a one suit set.
Sumica: it said LIVE marketplace. is this Xbox?
Save now Mica then it wont be an issue
05,15WHOA
Ah
ok
black shoes with wings tips and a simple red tie and black jacket will do the trick
what?
05,15You have funny face
You have funneh face
XD
SO FUNNEH
Barbetos: i liek silleh
05,15ANYONE ELSE WANT TO BE A HERO?
05,15Well...you are in the Bohan
fluttercry: LEEEEEEEEEEROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOY!
/me charges in
does everyone pull the hand break when their hit jeez
05,15Sorry I was late to the interview, I got into a highspeed police chase
silly sumica
that is not a tank
oooh....TANK!
05,15This song....oh god yes
that is a tin can
dat bebop
I swear I just heard Wheatly
BUS is almost tank, but not quite
three two one lets jam
o.o
i love this ^_^
05,15I believe I've acquired a taste for free form jazz
You've violated the law!
is it harder to drive on PC?
Say Tax exemption!
Hood
/me puffs out chest
05,15TAX EXEMPTION
Now we must aquire a taste for freeform jazz
Engine
Ded
inb4 BOOM
Nah I've been liking Jazz
05,15am I a man now?
???
yes
what about how killing isnt the answer?
05,15Dear Princess Celestia, Today i learned the shotguns are bad, and if you're going to go on a rampage, take more ammo.
xD
42
Can you shoot the weapons dealer and like, take whatever?
lol
no but he does drop a deagle
05,15pony_4908 if you do that bikers rush in and kill you
It did sumi
pony_4908: You cant hold up a gun store! They have guns!
You left your door open?
someone stole it sumi lol
fluttercry: Also, please stay in the castle today.
But you left it open
:D
05,15Also, Sumica that shotgun is even worse
Wheatly?
Is that you Wheatley?
<3
This song
/me dances
WHAT SONG?
05,15This song.....sounds very familiar
/me gets soundhound out
I feel you man
Dota by basshunter
>.>
lovely
Crazy newspaper man?
/me dances
Dear Princess Cadence today I learned that love conquers all :P
^^
the newspaper is also a hat
i've heard the english version of this, not bad ^_^
I love Basshunter
thats not the right suit
Dota by Basshunter, fluttercry
yes
05,15and for the jacket, I wore the obsidian suit
your wearing a sports jacket
DAMMIT killerpony7733
look for the red tie and black jacket
Pinkies4thWall Eh?
you beat me
oh we be having some classy gta today
eeyup
/me continues dancing
I just LOVE that the music stays plaing
*playing
damn it
if you dont get in i dont even...
What language is that song in?
inb4 rampage
05,15wooooooow
PICKY GAME IS PICKY
THE HELL
when you bought the pants it may of ruined the suit
I missed i
drive car threw the door :D
He's gonna get the guns, isn't he?
did it mess up again?
no time for dancing, we have a... picky game -_-
Here it goes........
RAMPAGE
Sumi smash
lolpings
What mission is these?
you already get the full outfit when you buy the suit
NO ROMAN
Goddammit Roman. NOT NOW
GAWD.
I think It's Swedish
XD
05,15Try the charcoal suit with the red tie, and go with the black shoes with the silver buckle. Then don't buy any pants
kill the lawyer in ten seconds flat
night all I'm out for now
thanks for the stream Sumica
Is Dota in Swedish?
see y'all later, take care
*Casually walks by holding a rifle
they all love doorless car maybe
Night otakon *hugs*
NUUU OTAKON
Yes
05,15Success!
IT WORKS
Finally
there we go ^_^
HUZZAH
VICTORY!
/me hugs otakon
Zeus was right yay
Pinkies4thWall: dude it's 2 am I need some sleep
night all, take care :)
05,15yeah they come with pants
nite otakon
wait. We need to play BL2 this week
lol Sumica
i was worried i screwed us over for a sec
05,15lol
lel
I dont get it
05,15icwutudidthere
O.o
FOR MONEIS
Much
SpadeKyurem[WoW]: Do we cheat em and how?
lol
I'm gonna go watch Adventure Time
I HAVE BULLETS
Niko will fuck up a swingset.
05,15stab him, nobody will hear it
[Alpha]: good show have fun
But if you stab him
the knife will start screaming because it'll get all bloody and stuff
Uhhhhh
I will thank you but I'm almost done watching it all :/
^^;
RAGE
I think he's dead Sumica
Mica uuuhhh
Out the window!
Bad day?
Don't forget to clean the blood
well that escilated quickly
05,15lol
what?
she knew?
silent assasins
wtf a headshot and a meatshot to the shoulder and he's still standing
nevermind
Why are all the guards fat as fuck?
HOLY SHIT THAT GUY'S TOUGH
05,15that's why I hate that shotgun. It's weak
because donuts!
:D
WEEE
Only the best meat shields for this company.
05,15I pretty much only used the pistol until I unlocked the assualt rifle
DAMN YOU RAILINGS!
every security guard needs to do some insanity workouts
So what was the point of the interview if you just killed him...?
Seriously why are all the guards fat
NO WITNESSES
05,15hitman
SpadeKyurem[WoW], too many donut places
some files needed to be grabbed as well
because we all know fat guards = great meat shields
05,15pony_4908 to take files on a corrupt police commisoner
05,15Also, the Bank Robbery mission in this game is one of the best missions of any GTA in my opinion
Rommulus: also, barbeque
Barbeque indeed.
STEALING A COP CAR GENIUS
All them people
wy is everyone running on da road
05,15Nobody will ever suspect
I'm gonna head off to bed, night
Because all cops drive like Niko
you didnt need it
You lost your brotershood.
YEEEHAW
Pfft
nice jump
Sumica: The losers of hoods
Is someone keeping track on the number of hoods lost?
So... you'll get shot by an officer for shoving someone, but not going on a vehicular rampage? :D
All the cops have to do is follow the trail of hoods.
axel f
Oh God. I am going to die.
SONG
05,15Dat Beverly Hills Cop
vinewood cop
awww
Assassins macquarie: brotherhood
*hands gold coins over
05,15nice
how I drive EVERYWHERE!
wasn't this was crazy frog music?
05,15Crazy Frog took it from Beverly Hills Cop
i see
05,15I don't wanna be mean ;___;
this game needs more eddie murphy now
crazy frog stole everything
Unleash the fury.
and made it worse
breem breem
?
wow nice cop...
nothing to see here
05,15top o the mornin to you
Police: "Just a normal day"
maybe they gave up
Sumi your car is smoking
breem breem
lol
time for a federal offense
I hear that it is a unhealthy habit for a car to have.
05,15Stealing the helicopter?
Dat TSA efficiency
Why not the whole airplane?
damn you hilary for taking my planes away
damn four stars just for stealing that!?
05,15I wish you could steal the airplanes but yeah, very legitamate reasons for not being allowed to do that
:D
fluttercry: what reasons?
he was in the airport thats a violation of the law
fluttercry: terrorist training :)
05,15SpadeKyurem[WoW] think about it. Jets...New York
The hell is Niko driving?
I am just waiting for the day of GTA : Earth
true
there's only one aircraft
Or... there would be very obvious limitations on WHERE you'd be able to fly, right?
lets hope GTA5 is
GTA4 is a smaller world than SA
GTA:Sim City
this is GTA $4 ?
its also great for six star getaways
Hey, they're talking about you in the news!
dont look back right now but i think you getting stalked
They are talking about you
05,15I liked the comedy club in this game with Ricky Gervais and Katt Williams
05,15Especially Ricky Gervais
NOOSE is best SWAT
same
Why do we get 4 stars for just stealing this shit?
fluttercry: but in Ace Combat Assault Horizon nothing is done to prevent you from flying an F-22 into the White house.
fed offense for da airport
SpadeKyurem[WoW]: just asked that lol
FUCK YOU POLICE
baracuda
oooooooo barracuda~
05,15The DLC added Frankie Boyle to the club
suddenly we're on The Dust
This has turned into Blues Brothers.
or was it radio x that played it... i forget
Just Cause 2 has a massive world with plenty of room for long airplane flights... Except the individual locations aren't as detailed as this.
05,15and now we're playing SA
your car is basically a tank
radio x
dis song reminds me of gta sa~
05,15I thought this was Dust
05,15pretty sure this played on Dust
nope i was right, it's dust
Probably undercover.
/me has the extracted fils here :P
unmarked car?
oh god
...yes
Sumica: probably both :D
it's so lame you can't steal trains now
05,15Anyone else ever push people in front of the trains?
^
o.o
drifting a plane tractor takes skillz
/me hugs Pinkies4thWall
:3
Sumica: back to the airport for another?
GIVE UP COPS
So when are they going to realize they're going to need the miliary for something like this? :D
YOU WILL NEVER CATCH ME
suddenly a million soccer moms cried out in terror, then were silenced
This thing has so much fucking power.
05,15lol dat bumper
Sumica: This think drives like a fucking tank
Sumica, Drive british.
*thing
love using this in gta 4 tbogt: http://i1-games.softpedia-static.com/screenshots/GTA-IV-Addon-APC-Tank-Like-TBOGT_1.jpg
05,15"In England we call these adverts, over here you call them shite"
Hell yeah!
YES
HAHAH
...
wut
:D
full metal
MURICA
>they won't be looking for this color
Custom-built for runway transportation vehicles
>same color
crashes into cop car
gets chased across city again
05,15I've been through the desert on a horse with no name it felt good to get out of the rain
i think i've heard this song before
oh this song <3
AND SO THEY DONT GIVE A SHIT ABOUT A RUNWAY VEHICLE AT ALL
until ballad of gay tony
Shizuka: I TOLD THEM TO PAINT IT GREEN
The fuck cops!
then you get a apc
gta sa memories~
take that limo
Take a cop car
more francis
SuperBrony64
oh
:P
JELLO
gonna get ballad pal?
hallo AdamTheDuck
00,02fluttercry, ikr
Ohai taoumi
and ohai BronyState
ello AdamTheDuck
oh hi mark
ohai AdamTheDuck ^_^
Ohai AdamTheDuck
20% or nothing
Killing himself?
05,15I like how through this entire game Niko was like "I want out of this life, I hate it" then someone would say "I'll pay you 5 grand to shoot this guy" and he'd do it
yay moon cheese
yo better do the moral thing
11,02La la la la~
what's sandoval doing in this game
MOOOO
/me hugs SuperBrony64
11,02i liek la la la /)^3^(\
/me hugs Pinkies4thWall back :D
make like goku and let you enmies live
Tommy Vercetti?
only 2?
SuperBrony64! Get over here! :D
05,15Tommy Vercetti was great because he was a psychopath and it made sense that he'd kill everyone all the time
SuperBrony64: MOOO
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Nightly Roundup #528
/me glomps SuperBrony64 "Ohai" ^_^
at least they didnt steal it sumi
/me licks SuperBrony64
11,02AssaultWithEmbraces: O3O
hate when that happens
/me hugs NocturnalBlade back :D
/me licks AdamTheDuck back :3
sumi no like limos
11,02hai everypony :3/
ello sb
/me grabs a SuperBrony64 and huggles him and gives him cookies and milk because he is now SuperSanta64
lol
AssaultWithEmbraces, :D
FLCL
yeeees Pillow <3
05,15this song....where have I heard it
JRP2234|Musics, daribots background is a lighter blue than SB's
FLCL <3
Took me a while to realize it, too
05,1511,12 HE'S ON FIRE
XD
wut
dude on fire :O
lol love that glitch
00,02you ok mate
THE FUCK
i blame global warming
05,15I guess you could say that he was *glasses* hot
/me huggles AssaultWithEmbraces back while nomming on the cookies and milk o3o
/me air guitars to song
:O
Spontaneous combustion ftw
aaaaaw :(
fluttercry: YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
11,02fluttercry: D:
Al Gore was right
00,02good thing his money survived
Blasting Speed Highway to this
It fits
11,02Want to see what my original color looked like? :3
yes
SuperBrony64 you has gta 4 on xbobx
10,02i liek poniez :D
gonna be annoying doing this at night
10,02JRP2234|Musics: Don't have it :<
10,02Oh wait
05,1511,2 I remember that
10,02I do have it on the Xbox 360
10,02People kept saying it was too hard to read~
ikr
just bout say that
11,02So then I did this :D
SuperBrony64: your new one is easier to read
SuperBrony64: I dont know I can read that just fine
05,159,3 People said this was hard to read, but I don't believe them
11,02ikr /)^3^(\
oh god
fluttercry: that's easy
That's murder on my eyes, fluttercry
fluttercry: By brightest day and blackest night
00,02fluttercry, you should belive them
mica get le mod menu makes the game very fun
at least it isnt Phase4's rainbow text
fluttercry: a little hard but not bad...also MY EYES
I can read it, but it's murder
05,159,3 Memebase
*Walks right past the guard with a full-blown rifle
lol
mica they ded
dont lose your head
04,02s07,02u08,02b09,02003,02606,02904,02007,02508,02,09,02 03,02y06,02o04,02u07,02 08,02m09,02e03,02e06,02n04,02 07,02t08,02h09,02i03,02s06,02 04,02t07,02e08,02x09,02t03,02?
ah
:D
dammit phase
rainbowphase
:I
UNO
I have yet to see a text color that is horrible
I can read all of those
/me has one card left
Try harder
05,1511,13 Here's a horrible one
use the eye force
SuperBrony64 can i has hugs
fluttercry: Nah
06,01S07,01p08,01a09,01d10,01e11,01K12,01y13,01u14,01r15,01e00,01m02,01[03,01W04,01o05,01W06,01]07,01,08,01 09,01k
fluttercry, noooooooooo
Not birght enough
puffy jackets are best protection for bullets ^_^
*bright
05,154,13 This one too
fluttercry: Oh god
AAAH!
fluttercry: sooo much piiiiink
fluttercry: MUH EYES
im gonna have a seizure
NOOOO
Puffy jackets? I thought they were just fat.
This one too
0,0or you can cheat and do this
pony_4908, sometimes it's both
mica COMON
Phase4: I cant even read that shit
No way to read that. ^
/me hugs JRP2234|Musics :D
i guessed he wanted it
Highlight
SpadeKyurem[WoW]: cause it's white on white
highlighting wont help
It comes up as a block
05,15I think 1,1 spoiler text5,15 is best text
you need to copy paste
hai
Everypony use sumi's colors
NINJA PNIG 1,1 SpadeKyurem[WoW]
sumi welcome to the land of colour
fluttercry: 2,2the cake is a lie and i'm getting kicked
hoi eraykaan
00,02ping;'
00,02derp
Phase4: I doubt you could make anyting worse than that
XAX: lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
00,02SpadeKyurem[WoW], don't chalenge me, or i may put down my rockets and try
>tfw i meant to type 1,1
XAX: best color
lol shit gets real now lol
Phase4: <.<
05,158,5 shit wasn't real before?
fluttercry: Mc donalds!
:32
*:3
Well, real shit just hit the fan.
lol just a wound
what
bullshit niko
/me is away: Away bbl
kill or let live that is the question...
05,158,12 let him live
sumi love the suit
my new mouse pad smells nice
OVER THE SIDE!
pull a goku c'mon
That doesn't look too bad, fluttercry
dat sexy "oh my"
05,158,2 Word
XAX: neoprene?
he doesnt sound legit
inb4 Niko goes back and shoots him
Pinkies4thWall: No idea.
u da boss
neeko
liek a baws
spoilers: find him on streets he tries to kill you
>let a guy live
05,15I always spared people if I could
>wanted by cops
What
i was gonna say "inb4 shot in back"
I dont know why but Speed Highway fits for this
cops up ahead
niko bond
but awesome shortcut is awesome
railing, messing with you weapon switch since forever lol
wut
dat taxi
what a crash?
05,15WKTT
what the hell...
Convenient public art
mica nice car
omg
bruce
lazlo for the win
05,15dat Foghat
slow ride~
If olive oil made out of oils... so baby oil... OH MY F*CKING GAWD
take it easy~
now i am remembering GH3
WHOOPS
mica got trolled
see i said he didnt sound legit
05,15dat bass
05,15bass guitar is so awesome
but twilight_sprinkle the moral path is the right one
i love drums
mica wb]hy arnt you brocasting in widescreen?
why*
05,15Everyone these days thinks of bass as "wubwubwubwubwub" no that's not bass
lel
Zeus: well if he continues doing the same itll be only bad for others
fluttercry: thats just wubs ^_^
good call
05,15Wubs are wubs
Wow
http://fav.me/d5od7xr what everyone thinks when you people start licking eacn other
Athletic
well twilight_sprinkle he does try to kill you later
fluttercry: only complete idiots don't know that bass is an instrument.
.-.
/me licks Shizuka
Zeus: wow lol
Shizuka: daaaaw
i've seen an owo today >_>
YEEEEHAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
dat slow mo
I HAVE WINGS NAO
Now that Niko boy is a whole heap of trouble
you blew it
05,15Billy Squire from Yes plays a mean bass
Everyone, Meep or Gak?
none
Neither.
neither
gyrobowl~
05,15Gyrobowls for life
Gyrobowl is a false god.
Pinkieberry pies!
Them be fightin' words.
oh francis your always a welcome sight
But who's one true god, Gyrobowl or Nic Cage?
Neither.
05,15http://i.imgur.com/LkhGq.png
fluttercry: i taped your revolution poster to my roof
All heil gyrobowl
LOL
YOUR FIRED
lol
such language
what mane 6 pony side are you on?
to kids niko~
GO TEAM RARITY!
god i HATE Francis
*Hot dog vendor finds out about the whole deal
Twilight
Go Pinkie ^_^
5 dollars
05,155 grand buys a life? Niko is cheap
niko is my fav gta thing
Gyrobowl or meep
11,02Sumica!
mine is CJ
Hey
11,02You're a silleh :3/
g is the true god, his right hand is uck, his left is nic cage
hi PhyreShock
mica sing us song for a change
naw sumica now it's like an accent color
Some stupid motorcylist... Psh
ruined a crappy paint job
:3
i like your ride
i liked the other rust bucket better
hipster mobile becuase paint is too mainstream
mica are you using a mouse and keyborad or xbox 360 controller
How about rust bukkit?
lel
11,02ded
manhole
notihng
your head
Seems legit
11,02sup
You hit the Boat Mobile.
air
Way to go.
00,02the invisible man
i think it was that motorcycle
invisible wall for the WIN
05,15FREEBIRD
glitched through you and the snap back counted as a crash for you
sumi hit the invisible boat mobile
05,15OOOOOOOW
You hit the 4th wall.
phantom mailbox
woooo Freebird ^_^
05,15*throws a beer bottle*
this is the wrong freebird
whoa
haibane freebird is better
05,15There is only one true Freebird
true freebird is true
the value meal at KFC?
/me talks about 'MURICA and DRINKIN
missed your pick up car
Shizuka i work at kfc
mother fucker
DO EET!
05,15I told that teachin lady that the only 3 letters I need to know are U S and A
I like what I'm hearing fluttercry.
its the car to the left
05,15STARS AND BARS THE SOUTH WILL RISE AGAIN
*Officer doesn't mind the car driving down the offramp
OVER 9000?
11,02JRP2234|Musics: Sorry :(
its in the lot you keep passing lol
your car isnt smoking as much as jacob does
MURIKA will never falter.
go up the ramp and its to the right
It shall only triumph.
whoa?
05,15Denise get me another beer
inb4 mica blows up
pinkie logic strikes back
beer? psh
all you need is cider
OH SHUT UP!
/me assaults AssaultWithEmbraces with embraces
Apple cider is good stuff.
^
bing bong~
05,15OWWWWWWWWWW
i had appel cider
/me huggles AdamTheDuck and turns him into a duck
/me drinks pear cider
What station is that? I don't remember that station in GTA IV...
never drink it at your nans
At least the brits have brains.
Hell the Dominicks on my campus would always sell apple cider.
it be da mod
Oh. A mod. Allright.
/me would like to make it known that I actually detest drinking and I'm merely being a drunk southern stereotype that I see all the time where I live.
I thought it was a custom playlist?
fail
Ok guys, i shall go hit the hay :) Thanks for the stream Sumica and i'll see the yall later <3
what?
That was close.
ded guy is ded
Well, he was true to his word.
stealth down the tiolet
mina the i miss is that in the older gta's you could blow there head off
the thing*
well you are assassinating someone
mica*
Man, I'd kill to have a custom playlist in GTA. Nothin' like listening to Smile Smile Smile while goin' on a massacre. :)
This aint Dr. Suess's Ex here boy.
sadistic... yet genius.
Stealth is not a neccesity.
yyeah yeah
05,15shoot the dish
Either shoot the dish or call the number I'm bettin.
Both work
cheats~
05,15you can do either. if you shoot the dish he walks to his TV
Dear princess celestia. Today i've learned sumica is... AESOME! your faightful student, twilight sparkle
I can never see the number..
wait
doin it the hard way for the win
You're receiving a call from: NIKO MY COUSIN.
Would you like to accept and go bowling?
lel
DAYUM!
lol
DED
05,15stone
05,15cold
nice job
If celestia is a princess, then who is the queen?
No need to run, just casually stroll out with style.
eraykaan: luna obv
Walks around like he owns the place
Chrysal --Aww you stole it while I was typing :(
Someone talking about me?
PRINCESS luna :O
YOU SUMMONED HIM
05,15MY OC IS ACTUALLY THE KING AND CELESTIA AND LUNA ARE HIS DAUGHTERS
eraykaan: Lauren Faust originally had her as Queen Celestia, but Hasbro had here change it, 'cause princesses sell more toys.
05,15HE IS STRONGER THAN BOTH
just materializes
WELL MY OC THE THE FATHER OF THE KING.
fluttercry: :D
fluttercry that is cute.
your sports car turned into a red neck mobile
mine is the fire element
Does he have powers liek supa mang?
named fire flame
dat mica laugh
twas but a grand escape.
my oc is half the element of wub
00,02they need fitter cops
05,15EH IS BLACK N RED AN HE NOS MAGIC BETER THEN TWILIGHT
The world's best backwards driver
so a common OC than
:P
better than mater
00,02"she'd alread divorced my dad"
fun fact most of micheal jacksons songs are based off sonic 3's music
bass creator
celestia sends niko to do her dirty work all the time
i met the guy that made this
hes a nut job
My OC is the first star that supernova'd and birthed all the other stars that led to the solar system in which Equestria resides. Beat that.
Zeus: I thought it was twi
Doesn't sound red and black enough.
Alright, driving on the wrong side of the road is one thing, but running that redlight was just reckless. Be a considerate assassin.
00,02Chrysalis, that seems to be a common theme, techno musicians being nutjobs that is
Its the brony community, I doubt if there ISNT one
What is it with people making their OCs black and red?
there
twilight doesnt have the grit for assassination
Black and red show a distinct and dark past.
Phase4 his way of thanking me for being the tech for his show involved a rather drunken kiss
And it looks kool.
05,15Yup they have
he seemed more so than most
only russiacolts do
Looks like you got yourself in a... JAM!
Zeus: she will. trust me she will.
05,15beepboopbeep
05,15beep boo boo bop boo boo beep
05,15dat link
sorry for da long link
Holy balls of links
not long enough
do you people even check to see how long your links are before hitting enter...
goddamn
lrn2derpy.me
00,02i should make berrypunch autokick on links larger than a certin size
or to just click full image
doitdoitdoit
i'm working on angry ponies. (not the one for chrome. it's a recolouring stuff)
Shizuka: sorry didnt check
Zeus: when posting a google search image click the full image link on the right
Phase4 fix derpy.me
Still longer than I thought though.
except you're all late
:D
See? ^
Two links a newbie needs: The rules and derpy.me
kks ill keeps that in mind
soobs link was wimpy and short, it doesnt count
00,02oh yeah i forgot to update the plugin >_<
05,15newfoals don't know bout derpy.me
or any link shortening service
spronkle pls
00,02i'll do it later, takes a while to make it through mozilla's stuff anyway]
which you shouldn't use anyway
bit.ly>derpy.me
00,02ohai Shizuka
because for all we know there's a malicious link on the other end
do u wanna list of birds/ponies?
Phase4 its broken and wont do anything
05,15also almost 3 AM.....still not that sleepy
ohai phase i'm trying out that sneaky thing
00,02didnt see you without your colours on
00,02works well don't it ^_^
Shizuka: Stop being nekked :(
damn sunday drivers
Shizuka doesnt work for those with external clients
flawless merging
Pink bird as derpy
needs more wubs
your name is coloured :P
05,15Looks like when I try to drive in real life
traffic is heavy today
celestia as mighty eagle
Chrysalis: well ja, and irssi COULD color nicks but it would be a visual mess
05,15No really, I'm awful at driving. I actually got kicked out of the drivers ed car
fluttercry: jesus stay outta my hood
Sumica: THEY'RE BREEDING
THEY BREED
derp
dammit, I've been listening to the mars attacks! theme all day
lol
Man, you can trick a brony who doesn't know what derpy.me is into seeing ANYTHING with the site, lol
Big mac as big red bird
it's the theme from Cosmos all over again
wut
Niko just doesn't know what went wrong.
Destroy them all Niko.
twi as red bird
hes russian his blood alchohol levels are always high
I love how many civies have guns in IV.
spike as orange bird
then BOOM
aaaaaaaand no-one cares about it
or tbogt
05,15HE WENT INTO THAT BUILDING! Should we send the swat team in?
wow
oh here's a door full of dead corpses, lets run through it.
05,15No just keep charging the front door
awww he's asleep, come on boys lets go get some donuts
ive been online here for 2208 hours
:(
Dayumn
dday in liberty city
even murderers need their beauty sleep.
00,02best reason to go home
dat swag
y u no care about angry ponies? :'(
he looks so peaceful i don't want to disturb him, let's just write up those deaths as tragic accidents
it was all the terrists fault
05,15He's protected by Jesus!
tat is a brave man
Shizuka, i'ma join you with the no colours
bullets dont scare him
no dont shoot the crazy man
http://derpy.me/yvQ1O
By Angry Ponies, are you talking about some version of that Angry Birds game?
05,150,1 undercover mods
Eeyup
I love beating that guy senseless.
Terrible
love this song
hmmmm
uh...
i don't
should i?
recoloured birds!
^
the anime is good too
thought i did
I've heard it before
this sounds familiar
fair enough
not paprika
Sumica: oh i remember seeing this intro, it was the one with the laughing people in the intro?
but it's different :O
SuperBrony64: http://derpy.me/yvQ1O
twilight_sprinkle: it is
this song sound familar
the song of a thousand loops
Goldframe: ah k
de soldier of fail
sounds like him
eraykaan: Hey!
ohai jacob
11,02Pinkies4thWall: O.O who dat
05,15Jacob is awesome
funny as HYELL!
blood cot
blood clot, bamba clot, DO THEY SPEAK ENGLISH IN RASTA
okay that's a good look for niko
niko professional mediator
still not as good as biker CJ though
They do not
:D
its really wierd to see these guys arguing and somehow its all nico's job
lolol
05,15Little Jacob was the best character in this game
or can't use a jetpack like CJ
< dude where's my car
why would she want coke anyway, dr pepper is better
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
why cant elzabatha just get a new one out of the vending machine
The gremlins strike again.
or barqs
i alt tabbed away from my rocket
it went missing
best canned root beer ever
05,15Pepsi>Dr.Pepper>Coke
meh pepsi
^
mica llalalalalallalalalalallala
cream soda <3
I prefer Mug root beer to be honest.
never tried barqs tho
have you guys seen those coke freestyle machines
05,15You guys have no idea how much I love pepsi
with like ten thousand flavors on a touch screen
orphan tears...
coke raspberry is actually pretty good
05,15Shizuka are those the computer ones with like a million flavors?
wish it were a can
do you want to hear the story of angry ponies?
yeah
05,15Yeah we have those around here
05,15Raspberry Coke and Orange Coke is really good
orange coke? wut
coke raspberry reminds me of when mountain dew did that flavor contest long ago and had a raspberry flavor that didn't win
ive not seen those unfortunately.i would use my creativity to make a vanilla with vanilla soda
Niko drivers no survivors
No you've got it all wrong
cause vanilla ftw
Raspberry lime Dr. Pepper.
05,15We have one in the Five Guys and one in the Wendy's
cherry coke ftw
orange is a bit strong, coke lime was like coke+sprite and really meh
Vanilla Coke
mmmm
living w/ pinkie logic is better. you should try too
my preference is the correct one
vanilla coke is good, cherry-vanilla Dr Pepper is fantastic
05,15All the flavored cokes except for Lime were good
Vanilla makes everything better
Raspberry.
ice cream
coke
Lime.
05,15Cherry Vanilla Dr. Pepper tastes like original Dr.Pepper
Dr. Pepper
05,15this song....where have I heard it
but Cream Soda is good stuff too
dat white wedding
mica isent this song in the game?
also Dust
fluttercry: i think in sa
everytime i hear this song i mistake it for take on me
though after sports nothing tasted as great as orange fanta
i tend to get it mixed up with rebel yell until the lyrics kick in
05,15Orange Fanta is good, Grape, not so much
years of mom listening to the album in order throw me off :P
man, i dunno why but i cant stomach fanta anymore
grape drink is usually pretty eh
now crush
wish they'd bring pepsi blue back
05,15I can't drink too many fruit things though, they make me really REALLY sick
grape fanta is meh, but i do love grape juice
05,15especially juices
take care theres a gook around every corner
05,15If you give me orange juice or apple juice, you're asking for trouble
blue raspberry is the best flavor ever made
perfect amount of sweet and tang
^
blue raspberry is pretty good
my favorite fruit is pinapple, boy do i love me some pineapple~
strawberry is a close second for my favorite flavor
05,15Combine that with my penchant for getting motion sickness and you have a recipe for terrible roadtrips
but grape is right up there too
05,15Stupid Hotel breakfasts
only time i get motion sickness is reading in a car
chain link fence thats not bulletproof?
what is this magic
Good morning Bronystate! :$
good programing
how the hell do they know where you are?
hoi MadSurge
What was that a bullet the the heart? pfff like I care.
HE SHOT ME!
Snipings a good job mate
Good morning MadSurge
MadSurge: top o the morning to ya
HE'S OVER THERE!
05,15I get sick just 5 minutes into riding any moving vehicle. Planes, boats, cars, buses. I can't stand them
What about trains?
Buytoast: they're seeing the killcams duuh
05,15and trains. I rode a train to Bronycon and I felt like crap when I arrived
damn shame
cnt get sorrounding when your a coward!
love the tains
/me has been on a total of three plane trips, been on a boat twice, never been on a train
except when the beligerant drunk people get on
fluttercry: even bycicles? :D
and the crazy homeless people
05,15I never learned how to ride a bike, but I assume the same thing would happen
i do get motion sick in cars sometimes, but opening a window usually fixes that
biking is mostly about using the wheels as a gyroscope
only in ksp can you make a vehicle more unstable by making it weigh less
night vision scope would be nice
SURPRISE MUTHAFUCKA
niko doesn't have enough certs for one
Shoot the boats.
They know too much.
05,15I can usually take being in a car, because it doesn't take long to get where I need to go and I can stop. But buses...oh god. Just riding the bus to the store is enough to ruin me for the rest of the day
my pet!
to be honest, i'm scared of riding in a boat or plane
I love boats and planes :D
05,15Scary part about planes is taking off and landing
you capsize at sea your dead
you crash from the skies yer dead
Cant stand buses however
love takeoff, landing is a bit meh
05,15once you're in the air, everything is fine
i would be fine with public transportation but theres too many weirdos there
i can imagine how fluttercry will feel after a rollercoaster ride
takeoff is VROOOM and just when you think you can't go faster VROOOOOOM and then you're in the air
i like rollercoasters but only with shoulder harness
oh
05,15Landing is like "OH GOD WHAT WAS THAT NOISE I'M GOING TO DIE"
can't stand lap bar only ones
05,15Lap bars are scary
WEIRDOS ON PUBLIC TRANSPORT EH?
You callin me out?
air is fun... when i don't feel like i'm going to fly out of the car
hey mica do you havce a webcam?
i would use public transportation but i'm miles away from everything... there's one bus line through this area and it only stops at like 5am
DAM IT
05,15I live a few minutes away from Busch Gardens, and the roller coasters are fun, but this one http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apollo's_Chariot doesn't have shoulder harnesses. You have a lap square, not even a bar, that holds you in.
ONCE AGAIN I WAS FOILED BY MICa PLANS
time for NOOSE action
mica so they ported t6he gta 4pc to steam?
fluttercry: do you walk everywhere then? :D
05,15no I ride. I just take dramamine all the time
dat chopper
wow took you all night to complete da task
05,15This is all you have holding inside Apollo's Chariot http://www.qcministries.com/images/extreme/2009_busch_1_600.jpg
did he just say "you're dead fred" ?
please
Phase4 theres a meet up in mebloure on the 21st
wow wtf is with my grammar
fluttercry: your internal ear must be really sensible. Also that looks pretty unsafe
maby im still a bit tired
its alright im a professional Niko
some many dead people
its pretty amazing how this game manages to be both a fun more-or-less realistic shooter and a freeroamer, previous gta shooting always felt more like an arcade game of sorts
SuperBrony64 where are you?
05,15Now Alpengeist, that's a rollercoaster I can get behind
Hmmm, so I'm new to this whole thing so I honestly have no idea what to do...
goin truckin
wait is it that mission
05,15Ambrosia_Firehoof13 just watch the stream and chat :)
lol
Ah. Okay.
where you get betrayed
20 points!
05,15dat Iggy Pop
100 for the cop car.
08,01so i just bought a kindle paperwhite
by you *snif* girlfriend
08,01amazon oneclick is literally the worst thing.
yes Zeus :P
05,15Well everyone, it's 3:06AM, time to sleep. G'night errbody!
nice would want to let her get away
night fluttercry
wouldn't*
bye fluttercry
fun fact minecraft is a clone of infiminer
Good night fluttercry
Night fluttercry
see ya fluttercry
08,0103:59 <CrystalPhoenix> I'm actually took the initiative to listen to the rite of spring
08,0103:59 <CrystalPhoenix> ....I'm scared
08,01MISSION ACCOMPLISHED
/me looks up rite of spring
I don't know why, but I always aim to run over the hookers in these games.:D
hm this isnt so scary
ive heard creepier music
Ambrosia_Firehoof13: they drop tons of money, maybe?
dat portal music :D
Honestly I think it's just fun MadSurge.
lol
Ambrosia_Firehoof13: it's not like these games' civilians do anything to not make you want them dead :D
True.
Will they ever make a GTA with a woman as the protagonist?
Or a Rockstar game
I think that would be interesting.
That guy walks funny.
we should learn to speak like jacob and have rasta hours
lawl
I dont know why but playing City escape or Speed Highway is fitting somehow
its harder than japanese i bet
Japanese is actually pretty easy as I am finding out
Just a lot to remember
im terrible at memorization >.<
I lived in Japan for six months a few years back.
That is why mankind invented SRS
thats good to hear ive been mulling over taking a class
You can not learn Japanese without a good Spaced Repitition System
Ambrosia_Firehoof13: did you like it?
yup
Sumica: Why does everything look grey?
Trust
The grammar is pretty straight forward and almost no exceptions
Oh yeah. I loved it! I was there for Martial Arts training.
get off the phone your driving!
Fail!!!
WELP
:D
That trick was off the rails
The trains will deal with that
se what happens when you talk and drive
According to my SRS I already know 666 Radicals, Kanji or Vocabulary
Run Bi*** run!!!
thank goodness some other car was there to break your fall
Not much better though.
planning to play chicken with the train sumi
?
well if you were master chief you could just flip it
What are we driving on?
the edge
PHYSICS
WHY U NO WORK
GTA physics is best physics
Bethesda Physics is best physics
computer within a computer
go onto bronystate
http://inception.davepedu.com/
Isnt there a instant 5 star site?
six star and yes is for child porn
Dead hooka!!!
Oh nevermind...
perfectly executed
I would totally do that car...
renboh dosh https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-UhdXiMD8OLM/UM4nY69lxDI/AAAAAAAAYJE/QP-JiVrCfBw/s1600/RainbowWhy.png
the hood just flies off...
Weee!!!
Who is streaming anyway? Shizuka?
and no shits were given that day
nope
Sumica then?
Yay! :D
footpaths are overrated
the road is lava
that took them a while
Talk about car hops.
liberty city: this is why you dont hire fat people as cops
they cant run
STOP OR I'LL WHEEZE
Who needs insurance.
swingset?
perfect soundtrack for destruction
What havent we done in a while?
Shizuka: is that a jimmy neutron ref?
no .-.
k lul
FLCL right?
yupp
oh god this?
Zeus, this is happening, deal with it
Run 'em over!!!
Phase4: yes boss
Physics....
What the heck just happened?
hmm im thinking the swingsets are worthy of godhood
master chief it
>where do you need assistance
>the swingset
>sigh... okay sir, but we're not responsible for property damage
this is odd
Run forest run!!!
wheres the truck?
is it illegal in the USA to walk around with a firearm in your hand?
hey look the mach 5
I mean, owning a gun is legal, right?
their there is five minutes or your money back
Yes, aim for the cops and hookas.
Alma: depends on the state, a few have concealed carry laws, i don't know any offhand that have open carry
the cop doesnt care XD
good park
"But do not worry, 3 of them are just for hunting."
probably a hunter ja
different guns for different ranges and game
"So, what about the other two..."
defense
food
Because everyone owning a gun protects civilians from each other and the government
Explosion!!!
Alma: it's a deterrent, better for it to be there when you need it than not there
Busted....
What is mica
baby dont sumi me
love the music
I am pretty sure it has more to do with the gun lobby doing a pretty good job of convincing everybody that guns are necessary
OMG
THE SWING SET
Alma: yes because only law abiding citizens commit crimes
Why is this guy so obsessed with this playground
cops having his coffee
to busy to enforce the law
*cop
cop needs to get out and play more
Why would you even have a fat policeman
And it still lives...
swingset was not amused with your antics
nice shot
this car can take a beating
HOW IS THIS STILL DRIVING
HOW
i like ur wrek
got a few dings she'll run fine
its a glitch
as long as the wheel can get some friction on the ground, it works
its funny cause the cops still cant catch you
I also never understood how the police in the USA can do car chases. Just let the helicopter chase him
'Tis but a scratch.
^
wtf mica
YOUR CAR
Alma: because a helicopter can't detain
In every other country it would be illegal for the Polica to endanger the public by having a car chase
Seriously half the car is missing
HOW THE FUCK IS IT DRIVABLE
police car can spin you out or corner you, a helicopter can't do that without severely endangering the pilot and anything in the vicinity of the helicopter
its a part of the swingset glitch
I don't think it's gonna get much farther...
Flip it!!!
Alma: id talk to a us cop bought dat sort of thing see what he says
FLEE
I actually do would like to hear their response
Run Forest!!!!
Nope
Lowrida!
In PayDay The Heist the police is putting the lives of the hostages more at risk than the robbers^^
i miss how SA did motorcycle hijacks
just kick the guy off the seat
ALL HIS PANTS ARE LOW RIDAS
niko's all polite, has them pull over, step off, then drives away
Alma: on the same level I would get your research from games nd movies
the vice city story game had a neat motocycle hijack where you jump and kick the driver with two feet and land in the seat
wouldn't*
Sumica: More swingset shenanigans?
oh sure enough, and then rebel yell X3
sumi wants to confuse me about which billy idol song is on
Zeus: lol, yes, I do believe this game is completely accurate
So why is this swingset so glitchy?
Alma: lol i mean wouldn't
SpadeKyurem[WoW]: you can see what it's doing when he collides, for some reason the swingset is a physics object
but part of it is pinned, and when you slam into it you're pushing it into the world
I'm guess someone in the coding department forgot to fix it
physics and collision engines want it out, which causes it to snap
it's all glitch
or for all we know it's intentional
will it still work without swings?
Shizuka: Yea programers love to do that shit
WOAH
i cant really imagine them not finding this
those are some neat seats
WELP
NICE SHOT
WEEEEE!!!
AND HE STICKS THE LANDING
do a barrel roll
nah, you aint seen nothin yet
gently does it
my guess is the swings are physics objects that are pinned to the world, but the frame isn't, it's just pinned to the swings maybe
50 bonus points!
/me gives Sumica 10 points
Phase4: well its for fun i would leave it if I were them
nooooow were talkin
but at such a height that it's on ground, maybe the swings were supposed to be destructible like light posts
Zeus, probably what happened
I want to see a future GTA. In New New York
^
FUND IT
but because the whole thing isn't pinned like the rest of the playground, it's a big tension glitch
the new feat in german engineering, the crapmobile
And you are playing Bender
How is this car driveing at all?
yeah dude
that and carmagedon
This object stopped being a car a long time ago
Sumica: inb4 giant ramps at the airports again
how in the hell is that still running?
they need a carmagedon cheat
Goldframe: lots of love
Goldframe: its a part of the swingset glitch
lol
unless they're building the physics engine from the ground up for 5, i'm sure wheel friction will still be a thing
whether they bounds check it for negative values or not is a different story
fear the zombie car
I would have bought Max payne 3 but then I found out about Social Club...
That patch sounds dreadful.
Cool guys dont look at explosions
they just turn around and walk away
Yay!!!
lol
cool guys dont have eardrums to ruin
i like how the swingsets idly make noise
They have cool guy errands to walk to
their meer presence is bugging out the physics engine
Did anyone else hear that random girly scream from the game?
niko's got a little captain in him
Ambrosia_Firehoof13, it happens
It's funny too.
new brand of beer captain niko
Run fatty.
I am excited for Watch Dogs
Hey yall
Sup?
hoi Moopy
you can see where the frame is pinned, right up in the middle A frame
hoi
That did't work as well as you wanted it to.
so i wonder if it works even better if you push the left or right leg out of line
Curb check!
Dang hes still not here? jeese
Is this the only swingset in the game>
?
there's five i think?
but this is the only one with good results
I wonder why
WOAH
or there was another one in the new jersey side but sumica hasn't unlocked that zone yet
nice
Nice.
that looked painful
And you live through the hell!
Best flight ever.
I wonder why this is the fucked up one
your blood will forever stain that wall be proud
wtf..
killed by swingset
WEEE!!!
well from what i've read, they're all glitchy, but this is the only one with good positioning and angles of attack to launch you a good distance
critical mission failure
i think you fell through the world
the others just punt you around the playground from what i hear
Hai guys
do they ever come?
Annoying secretary voice,,,
Alchemist: hey dude
Shizuka: where did your color go?
woot! Through the Night!
Outlaw Star?
outlaw star right?
yeah
^
Its almost 3 AM and I'm watching Sumica stream, what am I doing with my life...
this song was in that pmv
which i know little about
PFFF
SpadeKyurem[WoW], pony
there needs to be a mod that removes the jungle gym from the center
FAIL!
let you get a running start to the swings
SHIIIT
Shizuka, why stop there? remove the walls too
ITS GOOD
aproach the swingset from any angle
no-one really needs a spine
video game physics for the win.
Spongebob moment... My leg!
niko
?
NIKO WUT R U DOIN
niko wat r u doing
niko
XD
stahp startin mate
He runs funny.
Someone needs to mod the city to launch you at will
we need to get sumica the super heavy bus mod
mornin' everypony
Hey sumica you should do a jackass stunts in grand theft auto on that game
Just bump into anything and you fly
mornin SirGanjalf
why does it seem like he is floating a couple inches above ground when wlking?
*dances*
Niko is so dead
SirGanjalf: hey dude
no playground is safe o_o
Press "B" to do a barrel roll.
WEEEEE!!!!!
WHEEE
yeah, that playground is def not EU comfort :D
whoa
SHIT
Death to you.
/me yawns
kabewm
niko the grey, I am niko the white
its odd, hitting the swingsets hard seems to do less than hitting them gently
Blah, blah, blah.
somehow i am still awake 3 hours after i thought of bread
theres probbaly some specific position that causes the flinging
Shizuschlafen: Stop loafing around
Finally, fire truck
The fuck
Shizuschlafen: bread makes you sleepy?
IS GOING ON
hey they came
He may needs some buttering up.
woah, they're fast
wee woo wee woo wee woo
And they try to run you over.
WIIU
WII U
:D
inb4 sb
0 fucks...
here shoot they might get out
MahBoi777
/me glomps twilight_sprinkle and Pinkies4thWall :O
/me sneaks up behind MahBoi777 o3o
!
My truck! MINE!
too late :D
what a welcome
/me hugs MahBoi777 back :3
twilight_sprinkle: I predicted your sneak attack :3
ultimate troll tool the water cannon
MahBoi777: i must train!
Pinkies4thWall: how have you been?:)
twilight_sprinkle: yes you must!
i have to avoid parental detection
I have to see this get launched before I go to sleep
i "should" be asleep
I hope this thing goes halfway to China.
so should i
Oh god
this is the climax of the swing set saga
Pinkies4thWall|ninja: Small world so should i
I have school tomorrow
Fuck that
Pinkies4thWall|ninja: like a ninja!
MahBoi777: life. it happens
beep beep
shoot water while going through the air
OH BOY
HERE WE GO
PFFFFFFFFF
Ready!
the swingset is angry!
Aim!!
BARREL ROLL
Pinkies4thWall|ninja: you okay?:S
Fire!!!!
Woooooooooah:O
YES
:D
And a perfect ten!
we must offer a sacrifice to the swing set
MahBoi777: i am
BOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT
/me hugs Pinkies4thWall|ninja
Ok I'm going to bed that was perfect to wrap my day up
Night.
Vehicles wont calm the swingset god down. It needs children!
Alchemist: good luck finding those
Yeah, let's launch this generation into the next one.
Zeus: thats why its angry
there are no children only pissed off adults
outta the way grandma!
I hate old people driving!!!
i think swingset has earned its place among the gods, it will be g's left hand
I always manage to get behind that one old person that goes like 15 miles under the speed limit.
ilovetoblow.com lol
twilight_sprinkle: not on my watch
Ah shit, he done jacked the baggage car.
twilight_sprinkle: oh my gawd, not the Gak D:
Zeus: pff g will dethrone you
xd
XD
'
nuuu mahboi .-.
>.>
uh wow
o~o
nice
twilight_sprinkle: thats what the kids keep saying and tell ya the truth im scare...
scared*
MahBoi777: the accursed gyrobowl propaganda forbids us to speak the name of the true god
twilight_sprinkle: I didn't know ;_;;
*headbangs to whatever song this is*
how are you listening to the radio...?
MahBoi777: its ok, many people dont
they see me rollin
i really wanna know what this song is from o.o
guys i need an opinion http://imgur.com/gSlEh,5jueF#1
sounds really familiar
the firstone is my first try
Bleach isn't it?
full metal alchemist guys!
blast fma music in Bohan
ah, fma
doesnt get shot
DiscSlash: not bad for a rough sketch
Dammit, I was close. XD
the swingset is unmoving
Oh crap this isn't going to end well...
the second one is me second try
such power
and you dont fly out of that?
That was pathetic.
run man run!
oh he ded..
11,02WII U O3O
Now it's gonna stay here... forever!
take the limo maybe?
u get it?
SuperBrony64 tthe wiiu was a flop
11,02:<
/me higs SuperBrony64 tightly
/me higs MahBoi777 back ;3;
i wish nintendo would do better...
/me gives SuperBrony64 a cookie o3o
11,02But...
11,02they the best ;~;
SuperBrony64 tell eqd to share my vidya
/me noms on the cookie ;3;
Dethklok.
SuperBrony64: and they always will be, in our hearts
bad luck
problem officer?
*ociffer?
Did you say bacon?
11,02JRP2234|Musics: But...they busy :(
what are you smoking napalm cigs
no buts
whats the officer, problem?
she's gonna blow!
Run away!!!!
jump!
MahBoi777: thats wh-- >_>
XD
wow u broke a car window with your leg...
i couldnt resist .-.
I swear to drunk I'm not Celestia.
twilight_sprinkle: I had it coming
:P
so... you are trollestia?
MahBoi777: and THATS what she said
:D
lol
see twilight_sprinkle?
not the hobo
Nope, I'm just Ambrosia.
MahBoi777: cant tell if intentional :D
XD
oh jeex
WEEEE!!!!
ouch
lol
oweee!
critical mission failure
fission mailed
ded
aww
Shooting hookas?
end of the swing set saga? :'(
misslure failsion
lalalalaalalalallalla
anyone bother to do any missions in gta4 anymore, or just play around that swingset? :D
bum bum bum bum
yay
swingsets are the boss of GTA 4
whats all this then?
time for some shennanigans
defeating the swingset is the last mission of gta
but nobody could ever do it ofc
^
and some random rockets
Shennanigans are always fun.
Oops i acidently clicked out of the chat
Does it ever stop loading?
spaaaaaaaaace
mah boi are you space?
Fact: space does not exist
moo
twilight_sprinkle: yes son, now we are a family again :3
Hey SuperBrony64 Moooooo
gi me some of dat SuperBrony64
afk a bit
What in the hell is this?
looks like smerfs rocket edition
wook at aw da widdle peeple
its big
looks like a dryer pipe
Ummm...wow!
holy fuck
what is that sumica? that big rocket there
I heard fluttershy...
this nuke will put an end to that swing set
Phisics: i acidentally your engine, any problem?
Faaaiiil!
accidentally*
fake and gay
If only Kerbals had a swignset...
11,02Moooooooo ;3;
Mooooooooooooo
wut
SuperBrony64 lick mica
what is the task at hand?
dat engine
Fail number 2
to destroy all swing sets Alchemist
Wanna go for 3?
/me licks Sumica
is this the demo version or the latest build?
Fluttershy again.
weeeeeeeeeeeeee
And we have lift off!!!
Nice.
suddenly fail
ib4 ded
do a barrel roll
Plummet to your death?
i do not see this ending well
with oblivion like gravity?
00,10start seting up SuperBrony64
Booom!
oh ypu
you*
fuck
11,02Sumica: Okies o3o
SuperBrony64
pm
11,02JRP2234|Musics
Is that your phone or something that keeps yaying?
to da moon
Ambrosia_Firehoof13: type in his name.
ya, this will work
Who's name?
guys, i got to go. bai.
enough to get you killed
Later Pinkies.
Ambrosia_Firehoof13: its the ping sound of the one who is streaming atm.
see ya Pinkies4thWall|ninja
Ah.
Ambrosia_Firehoof13: you type his name in and you will hear the yay.
Oh. I see.
sumi, i'ma send you a craft in a minute
SuperBrony64 y u no green
it exploits a bug in the game
bye MahBoi777
ohmai
bye Pinkies4thWall|ninja take care:)
that was the coolest eginn i ever herd sumica when you took off that sounded cool
Ummm....that is gonna be interesting...
/me hugs Pinkies4thWall|ninja tightly
11,02JRP2234|Musics: I don't use green O~O
That looks completely safe
*snore*
seems ligit
>_>
dat big pen
I just don't know what can go wrong.
:D
mica your banking to the left
you should've made 20% sumica
stay on target
lets launch phallic objects into space.
mica goto the sun
WHOAH
so what planet is this?
It isnt looking good
omg
lol
OOOPS
Point proven XD
i should sleep, Goodnight everyone
ded
...Huston we have a problem
http://www.omega-level.net/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/Everything-Was-Nicolas-Cage.-e1323879371731.jpg
the worst incident in munchkin history
....or had
uh what is that i hear in the far background there?
mica again\
last weekends episode was so average
the writer has apparently only seen lauren's notes and the first 2 episodes
i have my skull candy ear buds plugged in my computer speakers here
if she actually knew much about the show, she would have written RD as being nervous as phuck before she got that letter, instead of LEL SO CHILL I GOT THIS.
Well, it is officially 4:30 in the morning and I've gotta get open my restruaunt at 10am. Goodnight all!!!
XAX: didnt seem that out of character to me
^
Sumica, https://dl.dropbox.com/u/51948537/ksp/Bugprobe.craft
XAX: it was the same person who wrote Mysterious mare do well, Dragon quest, Hearth's warming eve and Putting you hoof down.
why does it keep doing that :/
mica lazy
the door in front of my desk that leads outside is open, and there's a cold wind out.
but it's still hot.
;_;
Alchemist: Exactly.
XAX: I dont really have that many problems with those episodes.
ship
Sumica, launch, turn on sas and rcs, then press h
XAX: to each his own I can see where your coming from
yeah. opinions be opinions.
XAX: I actually liked Hearths warming eve and putting your hoof down.
k
Hearths was alright
moah engines XD
infact
also theres a debug menu where you can force this to work
the only episode written by MMW that i didnt like was mare do well.
i like canon history lessons so Hearth was a treat
XAX: but I agree that wonderbolts academy wasnt an outstanding ep.
Did Wrek finish the picture last night?
holy crap
this craft will go somewhere
mica mrbean.jpg
see ya guys later ima get some shut eye
Bye Zeus!
cya
brb
dat spyderweb
spiderweb*
OOOPS
That was fun :D
mica you need counter wieghts
back
trust me
yes
is so tiny d'aaaaaw
rcs, sas, then press h
theres an rcs thruster under the tank
you didnt turn the rcs on :(
yeah, nothing but stock parts
strange
i'll skype you the file
works on mine
Good morning Bronystate
ohai Gold_Demona
Ooh! Kerbals! =D
hai
really wierd
good morning Gold_Demona ! :)
yeah
i don't have any mods installed
i blame your mods
:<
i like the giant engines in the background XD
yeah
it has to be EXACTLY centered
you can use the keyboard shortcut for symetry
x and shift+x
two symetry then line them up
you placed a few more than 1 :P
that should make it interestingt
A solar flower? :D
not exact enough :P
it'll probably hit the bug either way
was fairly close
lol
yeah, something you've installed has stuffed its up
bugs gona be fixed in 0.18.2 so
that looks scary
Ooo
is it always fireing?
Thrusting during assembly... Isn't that dangerous? :P
they do look nice
looks like its suposed to be covered in some kind of shroud though
check the resources
lol
strange
XD
check if you've got any power
yeah, i think your sputnik probe is broken
this is how it behaves if theres no power, should spawn with 5 though
Hello Gold_Demona! :3
you broke all the probes
O_o
wut
Sudden end much?
wat just happened
Sumica, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLDbDB1M_30 heres where i got the idea, and what its suposed to do
Phase4: I like this guy's accent. :>
00,10nice that they have a repair tool on the patcher now
they do, redownloads everything though
00,10realy?
not the mods, just ksp
00,10mine just scaned said 4 files need fixing and fixed them
oh, i may have used the other button
00,10Refresh for super stream
11,02^
00,10lets see if the mods still break things though
00,10might have to do a clean install
11,02Stream is up~
uh
http://i.imgur.com/rGtvQ.gif this is me in these days :D
man, thats cute
11,02daaaw
11,02drawing tiem :D
Waiting for something, MadSurge? :D
wat re gon to draw?
Gold_Demona: Secret Santa present and my copy of the FiM comics :D
heh
Clippo: Problems with the head? a circle can help C:
00,10lol a /0 error if you try the bug with out the solar pannle
:)
hi
00,10hey Phase4
00,10https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tIuRrxZVipU
hi :)
XD
seen that one
would try it but it looks tedious to get all those kerbals out of planes
00,10aye
00,10love the music though
11,02Hmmm...usually Wrek has music to this
so its a superwrek 64 stream?
yup
SuperBrony64 dat ipad
Is the ipad streaming or is it out putting video to a computer thats streams?
its capture the ipad via componet signel
SuperBrony64 hello
cool
Dat SuperBrony64.
i've built most of the equipment i need for building a space station :3
so next stream i'm starting that
sweet
by 'most of' i meen i've got a launch vehicle
still working through how the station itself will be built
11,02So
05I.... live.... AGAIN!
11,02Which pony is this going to be? :3
11,02Ohai Wrek :3/
05and im off to breakfast.
ohai Wrek =D
11,02I'm u :3c
ohai Wrek
Enjoy your breakfast Wrek!
SuperBrony64
remember
wrek has been made redundant
you siad me
SuperBrony64: Everypony at once.
SuperBrony64 :<
sega brony system 2
shit....
11,02JRP2234|Musics: What's your OC look like again?
ill pm
/me noms on Klumzeedragon
/me noms SuperBrony64
It's become a nom fest!
Moo Moo Farm?
But what do I taste like SuperBrony64? :S Decent I hope.
im coverd in cat hair
dat be me 0_0
*SIGH* oh boy
Oh boy, it's Moopy.
yup
Sup man?
not much you?
Not much. Bored as crud. :/
lol
00,10yeah that probe halls ass Phase4
XD
does when it works
00,10have one tooling along at 100km/s
00,10only problem is I ahve no clue how to use this new target system for interceps
Hey uh Klumzeedragon maybe tomorrow do you want to play some minecraft for a little or what?
who needs physics when you have monopropelent
00,10any clue as to how to use the target system?
Anyone Want to RP?
00,10take it someplace else Cobber
Moopy: Yeah, maybe man. I'll probably be on in the afternoon. And of Im not working on my world with Dave and them, I'll gladly minecraft with ya.
Sweet
Cause you know what dude i get really bored realy easly here for the xbox and i don't know what games i should play so yeah
11,02Always tough doing the tails :/
Ha ha. I know the feeling. I need to take more breaks from my xBox though and visit the lovely people here.
And you're doing fine SuperBrony64. :) Just keep at it!
well i just sometimes i show up on here like sometime later to talk to other guys on here so yeah
SuperBrony64; sillyfilly64 =P
But do you know what i really hate alot dude on the xbox?
SuperBrony64 dident i have headphoones?
What's that man?
Look at my question there
11,02VioletGreySha: O3O
Ohei VioletGreySha! Whassup? c:
SuperBrony64 lieks egg
SuperBrony64 is a cow
SuperBrony64 licks me
Moopy: Yes, I said what is it that you hate a lot on the xBox?
MadSurge; nothin much then being sick :3 and yourslef? ^^
No i hate getting kicked alot from party cchats and getting kicked from minecraft games and that really ticks me off there
VioletGreySha: watching stuff, being alone with my bro until saturday! :D
www.ashens.com
:p
MadSurge; nice :3
By the way guys, my lil' bro became 18 yesterday :$
ima fine
Moopy: Ah. Well know that it isnt me. It's usually Dave. But you shouldnt let it bother you man, it's not directly affecting you any. Know what I mean?
SuperBrony64: So is that the uDraw Tablet you're messing with there?
yeah but i get kicked alot in the past future dude and im about had enough with that you know
Oh? I don't know what to tell ya man.
I've never kicked you unless it was to break up an arguement between you and my other friends.
:D
Klumzeedragon no its a ipad
Well you know what dude starting from every single year,weeks,days,months i am going to start my own party chat and not leaving my own party chat cause i do not want to join my friends party chat no more so yeah
Moopy: Alright man, sounds like a plan.
JRP2234: Ah. Alrighty then.
and plus i don't want to join a radom party and get kicked for no reason so im just throwing it out there so yup
05omnom
Moopy: Some people just like privacy and others get annoyed easily. Im sure it's nothing personal man.
/me noms Wrek
ok
Wrek: SuperBrony64 is stealing your spotlight. :D
Sumica : What has happened to the stream window?
so umm brohoof Klumzeedragon /)
00,10uh, noting
Moopy: Right back atcha. (\
sweet
00,10why what looks wrong with it to you?
Wrek: Sounds pretty amazing except for the onions. But then again, I'm just picky. :$
Hey SuperBrony64 is drawing a random pony hard to do?
I love oniions
05and paprika
Moopy its not random
well it looks random to me
moopy ur saying im rndom :<
random*
uh maybe
Wrek: You're making my mouth water. But it's to late to cook. It's time for sleeping in a bit. :D
Moopy: That's JRP's OC.
well ok then
05made 2 of them that i had or regular toast with butter adn slices of cheddar
11,02Moopy: Nah, they all look the same :P
Wrek: Evil!
05to drink some juice and a cup of earl grey
well maybe can you teach me how to draw a pony like around later time i guess or what?
Wrek: What kind of juice? For interests sake.
05passionfruit
05this kind:
05https://lh3.ggpht.com/-RuUtF9VevJY/TVvDKAHszWI/AAAAAAAADO0/INUJAahnfHo/s1600/Passionfrukt.jpg
Not a bad choice at all! But I think I'll be making some amazing eggs in the morning cause of you. Garlic, pepper, dash o salt, and who know what else!
george costanza
knows*
05i had soem french frie spicing left over
05so i used some of that
05which is basicalyl selleri garlic and other stuff
wrek we call french fryes chips here
cuz were so lacy
lazy
lol, chips are a very different food here. :P
I believe you call them crisps instead. XP
Ah alright. I might have Season All, which is a decent spice. I don't think I have anything to fancy. But passion fruit is pretty good. Been a long time since I've had some of that.
11,02That color yellow okay JRP2234|DooM?
i must try that
yesh
11,02okie dokie
brb
05i rarely go there aswell
05but right now its either that or http://www.refuge.se/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/frisco-300x218.jpg
05corn bread
05appletree smoked bacon
05best burger ive had in ages
dat ban
05anywho i gott adash
05see ya all laters
cya wrek
Later sir!
later Wrek
Got to get some rest now night everypony and thanks for the stream SuperBrony64
Later Moopy!
Hello
Hello Sparkle~ :)
how are you;)
I'm pretty good. About to get some shut eye. But enjoying SuperBrony64 drawing for now. :P And how are you?
norm
au?
Hm?
11,02I'm doing good too :3
11,02Uh oh
11,02Hmm
hi
11,02gimme min XD
gasp
where is it
:<
11,02See it?
Yes. :)
11,02yay :3
hmm
i think my net died
or chat is really ded
Really ded.
braaaaaaainz~
moo
Oh noes!
moo
Alright, Im gonna get out of here, night everyone! Thanks for streaming SuperBrony64!
Goodnight Klumzeedragon.
11,02Night Klumzeedragon :)
11,02Mooooo :3
No moos.
quack
No quacks.
baa
No baas.
meow
That's okay to do.
Meow :3
The doppelganger has been vanquished.
Good evening BronyState.
Hay Everypony!
Hello AdamTheDuck and RD4Life.
Ohai RD4Life
how are you?
no stream tonight?
11,02Streaming right now :)
Ooh
Ess Bee be drawing?
/me licks SuperBrony64
SuperBrony64
hes drawing me :P
yesh
yup
Yeah, why?
id like to see some of your work
Not exactly my artwork/drawing , but I did colour it http://fav.me/d5nyzrd ponyshrug.jpg
Good morning everyone
Mornin' Cypresswolf
wow
Working on this but can't be arsed finishing it at the moment. http://i.imgur.com/MfVJb.png
ogogo
Also, dat music
11,02Guess now I have to do the cutie mark :P
yes you do silly poneh
08,01Gold_Demona: do you take commissions?
No, why?
08,01just wondering
Also, lol Sailor Mun. XD
11,02JRP2234|DooM: That look alright to you?
I plan to do the rest of the senshi eventually.
um.. could do a bit better :/
/me slaps JRP2234|DooM around a bit with a large trout
its fine
Again with fish?
Not just any fish...
/me licks BlazeAngel
A large trout
/me sneaks behind Gold_Demona and throws a plush Whimsy Floof at her
8D
/me huggles the Whimsy Floof plush! ^_^
<3 this music SuperBrony64 :P
Hello
Hello.
Ohai Sparkle
hello
SuperBrony64 i buffer like shit
like a 30 second buffer
JRP2234|DooM, mine's not that bad .-.
how are you
Every few seconds, but not that bad...
i live in austraila
we have bandwidth caps
WHAT THE FUCK
And I live in your state JRP2234|DooM
Victoria and hats as far as your geting
/me puts on a bowler hat
how know Russian?:$
Alo?au?
11,02So
11,02How does it look? :)
awesome
try a darker shade of green on the mane SuperBrony64
So picky JRP2234|DooM :P
ima tird
tired
asdfghjkl;'
Pfft it's only 22:58 :P
but i woke up atr like 6 om
pm
o.o
That's an odd time to wake up
11,02JRP2234|DooM: I'm not redoing the colors :<
suck me spider balls
jk
its awesome
/me hugs SuperBrony64
/me hugs JRP2234|DooM back :3
11,02I drew this all with mah finger :3/
SuperBrony64 get a stylus
/me licks SuperBrony64's finger :P
i wish i could draw
11,02lol
>finger
11,02gigaproblem: Me too :<
>is a pony
wat
SuperBrony64 can you do other things your finger
11,02Okies, I drew it with mah hoof :3
ifyouoknowwhatimean.jpg
11,02JRP2234|DooM: Poke stuffs :3/
kbetter. :3
:3
SuperBrony64 post to twitter
Tried to go to games workshop (dot) com and somehow ended up at the Gak website D:
/me steals Socks' socks
Interesting.
:D
They're my socks nao >:3
Noooo!
/me has a ponytail, which is somthing he's never had before
o.o
SuperBrony64 post to the twitter
FPS on a tablet? .-.
holyshit the graphics
What be this sorcery?
/me calls witchcraft
umm
wheres the controls?
SuperBrony64 wheres the controls?
11,02JRP2234|DooM: on my iPad :)
SuperBrony64 wheres the onscreen controls?
11,02JRP2234|DooM: on my iPad :)
but wheres the icons?
SuperBrony64, we don't see them?
11,02Nope
Not bad for a tablet, I'll give them that.
oh ill buy or just pirate it
not a cod wannabe >_>
just watched the cowboy bebop movie
SuperBrony64 do you want to play portal 2 with me?
was pretty amazing.
XAX: Yeah, I love that movie. =)
Gold_Demona: The show has such a unique charm to it .-.
Yes it does. It's one of my favorites
/me needs to watch Cowboy Bebop now ...
I just love corgies :$
They're so adorable :3
Ein is best corgi :>
Hmm
This looks quite interesting
HOLY SHIT GUYS ITS A ROOM
SuperBrony64 you keep droping out on me
/me licks Vivix
Hii~~
11,02JRP2234|DooM: Sorry :(
/me puts dresses Vivix with some socks
SuperBrony64 oh oh oh oh
/me is in socks, finds this enjoyable
PLAY THE ATARI JAGUAR
SuperBrony64
PLAY IT
What's up Adam?
hehe
/me should probably hold off the red wine :$
Sigil? .-.
/me is on Vivix
/me is wearing Socks
/me is being worn
/me noms on Vivix's feet
/me takes off socks in panic
SuperBrony64
:<
/me noms on Vivix's hands
11,02:<
lol
/me violently stabs Socks with a rusty kitchen knife
PLAY THE ATARI JAGUAR
Eviiiil Socks! :<
11,02It's not hooked up D:
/me sticks Socks in the washing machine
/me is scared of clothes now
/me is also on AdamTheDuck's feet
/me turns on the wash
There. Clean socks. :D
/me drowns
/me sticks socks in the dryer
/me needs reviving
All this RP.
dat Mojay
SuperBrony64 put a vidya on and setit up
/me slaps Jmo around a bit with a large trout
Tone it down.
Stahp lurking all day Jaymoo :P
Quit drinking red wine.
Fine :P
What's wrong with RP if nothing else is happening in chat land?
we're not allowed to do excessive here
Excessive RP isn't allowed.
^
It's a rule
:'( <--- Fluttershy likes RP
U make her sad
Hehe
And not one shit was given.
Do you want making fluttershy cry on your concience!
/me holds Fluttershy
Pfft
/me hugs fluttershy "There there"
Jmo doens't have a conscience
Hang on, ican't even Hug her! That's RP! YOU MONSTER!
hehehe
"Excessive RP"
Little things like licking, hugging ect don't really matter too much
/me licks aniderp|bestcakeever :P
im not sppose to be on
/me is now depressed that he can't do epic long rp sessions :(
the tv is sad ;_;
There are other channels for that.
/me licks Adam's teeth
/me boops aniderp|bestcakeever "Why is TV sad?" :<
SuperBrony64 can i ask somthing
But Bronystate is best channel :(
cause the new was on and discussing the shooting
Oh my... The shooting.
tormenting me when i dont have a laptop to be on :\
poor kids ;_; they were cute
/me leaves chat until it stops being depressing
im not suppose to be on my laptop :\
Why shouldn't you aniderp|bestcakeever? .-.
im in trouble ;_;
who knows how to speak Russian?:(
Meh, who isn't
Bad aniderp|bestcakeever, being in trouble is bad :<
:(
i know it makes me depressed
Sad times
aniderp|bestcakeever: What happen?
i slept in the living room since i was paranoid about my laptop
since its in the dining room
....
And the problem is?
i need it to live >.>
or i go crazy and sad
Ok
/me dances around chat with streamers in his hands
/me gives chat cpr
/me stands for the Bronystate anthem
stop
11,02Thanks for tuning in all :)
Gold_Demona: ;_; i upset
/me stands and salutes for BronyStata's anthem
Why aniderp|bestcakeever? D:
night SuperBrony64
Thanks for the stream SuperBrony64 :3
SuperBrony64: how do you delete things on 3DS?
Gold_Demona: LALALALALALA etc
cause im not suppose to be on
and the shooting all over the news..
;-;
gotta go
11,02aniderp|bestcakeever: You go to System Settings and do it :)
Bye aniderp|bestcakeever
/me makes cricket noise
/me is in bed
11,02Refresh embed~
SuperBrony64: What for? .-.
For slideshow, I guess. XD
11,02For moo \:3/
You guys should embed a synctube while you're off air.
Morning
Mornin' Ponies47
Where do I find HD episodes of MLP now? :(
places
Vivix, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0DOL55oVh1M :P
I'm really starting to love When The Clouds :3
spight: If I were on the PC, I would link you a google doc with links to all of the episodes in 1080p (except 3) with no hub watermarks.
But I'm not on the PC.
So bad luck. :c
:(
/me licks XAX
Well, feel free to link me any time you get on it.
iTunes and dvd of s1
This is my bouncer, so I'll be on all day.
though, s2 and s3? youtube-
Unless, of course, the host server goes down and my FRIEND doesn't make sure my server comes back up. ._.
Hmm, anyone know where I can buy season 1 on DVD? .-.
AdamTheDuck, ah it sounds good~~
Not at walmart apparently.
I just got mine, Amazon.com
I wanted to get it as a "gag/Iwantyoutowatchthis" gift for my cousin
Still Ustream
Kandarihu, ess bee was streaming before :P
AdamTheDuck, oh, I see
Cool, I'll check it out Vivix, thanks :3
11,02http://fav.me/d5oed75 :)
Daring Do and the Jungle of terror. Written by /mlp/.
It's on amazon.
._.
BEWAAAARE
Ok
So
I feel like they could do something amazing with that.
You know, like dress up as Santa.
And I shall name her Twilight Sparkle
Vivix, more from When The Clouds :P http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TRwyobMGAmY
/me cries
/me licks aniderp|bestcakeever's tears :<
http://www.capcom-unity.com/mega_man It's up
wow
i guess i will be gone long time
/me listens
stupid family :\
Unrelated to ponies
http://www.tumblr.com/tagged/colorde-hair
But this is basically Rarity
:D
this is why i hate people
aniderp|bestcakeever: what happened? :(
I wouldn't mind seeing that image with more of my time
everything
Cheer up, maybe Derpy will cheer you up http://fav.me/d57b6ki
i lost my laptop
How are you on aniderp|bestcakeever? :<
aniderp|bestcakeever: D:
im sneak on
Why/how did you lose the laptop?
im in trouble
i hate people i hate people i hate people
Well.. :(
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cu7HxG6-88
is good song
You shouldn't hate people aniderp|bestcakeever
You should lick them instead
i cant lick people
aniderp|bestcakeever: Would you mind giving details instead of vagueness? >.>
You probably shouldn't lick people en masse, actually.
they will say im not a pet but im a wolf
You'll end up spreading disease between people. :(
well my mother got mad and took my laptop
then i took if for few mins yesterday to log off my things
and she said i stole it >.>
now i lost it for today/tonight
And now you're sneaking on? =/
i cant deal with the seperation...
It's not that bad if you can find something else to keep yourself occupied.
i guess she dont care if i cry :\
Gotta run. Bye :I
Bye Ponies47
how do i get on the pony irc on my ipod?
like this irc
aniderp|bestcakeever, download an IRC app, although I don't know of any decent ones
i tried to come on here using quakenet and it didnt work
I don't think iOS has any decent IRC apps. :(
Why did your mom get mad, aniderp|bestcakeever?
she blames me and my father
spight: colloquy is the one I'm using
its alright.
aniderp|bestcakeever: For.....?
then my fatger was odd last night and said he loved me
Blames you for what?
stressing her out
im more stressed than her :\
But what did you do?
Question, how old are you aniderp|bestcakeever?
Gold_Demona: I turned 16 2 days ago and what is this
I didn't know your name was aniderp XAX.
lol
20
XAX, you were born after The Lion King came out. :(
;_;
Jmo: .-. themoreyouknow.jpg
spight: You just blew my mind...
well she said i do trash and i sorta did but like my ipod was in my hand..
There are folks here younger tahn The Lion King... ._.
than*
Yeah.
^^;;
When did Lion King out? 93-94?
i didnt wanna drop it then my dad threw the bin in after me but it hit my ankle
there were folks in her who weren't alive a the same time Kurt Cobain was. :(
lion king mufasa ;_;
/me was, but don't remember Kurt
Why does everything look awesome/cuter with a hat? .-. http://fav.me/d5oe04w
heh
Because the top of every head looks dumb.
e
I like fluffy heads-
Fluffy hats
the top of my head is dumb?
but work wont let me wear hats ;_;
in the summer
how do i get my mother to cave in to letting me have it back?
better make sure to keep your hair long, then!
it is long
Hi guys
aniderp|bestcakeever: Be really nice and do stuff for her? I dunno.
i tried
she still mad ;_;
Without crying?
Hello _Dark_Moon_
but isnt crying a guilt thing?
Don't expect to just have the magic words or something to make her cave in.
/me facedesks
so what's going on?
aniderp|bestcakeever: guilt thing?
i tried please a million times
"If I cry will she feel guilty"
i did the cans and bottles ad made me feel funny
/me pushes a pillow on Jmo's desk
Jmo: that does'nt work on anyone i know e_e
have you tried calming down and figuring out why she's upset in the first place, then doing something to make up for it? '-'
^
You'd still be without for a while
i tried
i cleaned my room a bit >.>
I got a new mouse pad today. It smells nice.
You cleaned your own room?
aniderp|bestcakeever: what's the prob? i only arrived a sec ago :P
And you expect that to actually make her happier? :Dc
yes ;_;
>_>
You can't expect immediate results. Have you tried asking her what it'll take to get the laptop back?
well the bins are in the closet
since she wants them there >.>
why is my life hard? :\
Try cleaning elsewhere. She sounds like she's just stressed.
Agreed with spite :\
Try to do something that will let her take her mind off of something at least.
she says im lazy..
i work mon-friday
how is tha lazy?
Uhh I need to get some sleep /).(\
You don't do anything at home. Moms usually equate that to lazy. =/
Night everyone...
night Ducky
Niight adaam
I'm sure you need sleep.
AdamTheDuck: night
who needs sleep?
my father wouldnt let me take a walk yesterday :\
/me hugs aniderp|bestcakeever
I am out of the house alot so i don't bother my parents .. :\
I don't even live with my parents, so I don't deal with any of that. =/
its causde i was crying and wanted to take walk
Only other person I live with is my husband
I live with a roommate.
I play alot of football so im always nearly out
aniderp|bestcakeever: When you say you cry, is it crying "to make them feel guilty" or is it actual genuine crying?
i was actually crying
Cause guilt trip crying never ever ever ever works.
i wanted to leave the house yesterday while i was crying
he wouldnt let me :\
I got really drunk at Ren Fest and ran away from all of my friends while I was having a panic attack in the middle of the night.
Then my phone died... ._.
11,02Night all :)
SuperBrony64|Zzz: night
Night super
Night SuperBrony64|Zzz
Sleeping? it's like 1pm where i am
Night SuperBrony64|Zzz
Right in the middle of the UK, _Dark_Moon_ ?
_Dark_Moon_: It's 2:20am Tuesday here.
Im in Ireland.
CUM ON STEP IT UP
lol
I live in Texas, but I go by UTC in everyday life. :Dc
It's 1pm Monday here
do you think my parents care about me? :\
Yes
If they didn't, they would let you do whatever you wanted.
^
thats why my father didnt want me taking a walk?
There was probably more on his mind.
We don't know the whole story.
If you're crying and upset, it's not normally safe to go outside and take a walk.
My da does'nt let me go and play football in the rain e_e
You don't know what's going on on their side of the field, so all you're seeing is your own problem.
But i guess it's a good cause, i'd prob break my leg on the ground out there in the frost :P
Im a goalkeeper so i don't leave one half of the field :\
me upset and crying means i p[robly wouldnt come home until the night tbh :\
I'm talking about parents
then they would actually worry about me :\
Oh right.. i get confused
Gold_Demona: if it was my mom it would be one quarter my fault, three quarters her being pissed about something else :D
aniderp|bestcakeever: That's childish
i would be at the park..
Making someone worry on purpose is childish.
And it serves no purpose
well if they mad then i wanna leave them alone..
Then don't interact with them. Let them cool down for a while. Do some chores while you're at it.
If my parents are mad i leave them alone for a while and make it up to them somehow.
If my parents are mad... I just sit on the computer like I usually do.
Also, being outside while your crying and upset makes you an easy target for crime.
it would be?
inb4 why not use it instead of sitting on it
Lol xax..
well im depreseed if i dont have my eletronics..
or my laptop
aniderp|bestcakeever: That's something you're gonna have to fix.
how?
All i need is football, peeps and some sleep to make it the best day ever.
i need them though...
aniderp|bestcakeever: No. You need to get that "need" word out of that figure.
how? D:
they calm me down..
Find another outlet.
Practice moderation
^
It's really, really easy to get addicted to electronics.
moderation is going to work for a bunch of hours then coming home and being on laptop for rest of night
or is that not?
What you need is a wider range of activities.
handhelds?
im getting confused.. im just gonna sit back and hope something makes sense to me
Honestly, my kindle does wonders for getting away from the computer for a bit
aniderp|bestcakeever: Books. Crafts. Puzzles.
i dont get the freedom other people my age do :\
Nobody does when they're living with their parents.
^
so videogames is all i got
Try to take a break from them whenever you can.
Between games of League of Legends, I do a quick work out normally.
Or some chores.
Chores are a good way to kill time. Plus it's productive
Not only does it get my mind off of the game for a bit, but I come back and do better in game since my blood's pumping harder. '-'
I started taking swimming lessons again
I want to swim..
I'm just not confident enough to be without full clothing. ._.
I don't. It's too cold where I am right now.
I love swimming during winter.
/me sighs
Tiresome but it's the only sport I like to practice :D
i shoudl go ;_;
If only my apartments would keep the pool clean. :(
aniderp|bestcakeever: later :(
aniderp|bestcakeever: Well, good luck. =(
aniderp|bestcakeever, have a good day.
maybe i get it back tonight hoprfully..
or im gonna cry and sleep depressed when i get home
aniderp|bestcakeever: best of luck to you, bud.
/me hopes she will have a good day a work..
Well that session is finally over. Lovely.
08,01hmm
08,01i should really work
08,01but reddit
08,01oh! nice!
I'm too happy. :(
08,01i just received a Calvinball hoodie i bought
08,01spight: no such thing as too happy!
Nice
Practice happiness in moderation
08,01though, i came out of the other side of happy the other day
/me stifles an inappropriate comment.
08,01i was at a brony meet, and i think my brain just overloaded with happy, and i suffered crippling depression for most of the next day
Yeah
I have this weird curve of happiness with my life
After I go to a con, I'm happy for a few days.
Then I realize that I hate life because I can't be the same way irl than I am at cons.
Then enough time passes and I forget that I like cons.
08,01ah, post-con depression
Then I go to another
08,01it's odd, because my con is such a big part of my life, it often spills out into my real life
08,01in fact, most of my IRL friends at the moment are people who work for BUCK
heh
Like this
https://www.google.com/search?q=tan%28x%29+*+sin%28x%29&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8&aq=t&rls=org.mozilla:en-US:official&client=firefox-a#hl=en&client=firefox-a&hs=kIc&tbo=d&rls=org.mozilla:en-US%3Aofficial&sclient=psy-ab&q=tan%28x%2F10%29+*+sin%28x%29&oq=tan%28x%2F10%29+*+sin%28x%29&gs_l=serp.3...16048.16557.0.16892.3.3.0.0.0.0.109.297.1j2.3.0.les%3B..0.0...1c.1.QHXAynhHdPU&pbx=1&bav=on.2,or.r_gc.r_pw.r_cp.
r_qf.&bvm=bv.1355325884,d.b2I&fp=bbcdca4f4ff7f7a5&bpcl=39967673&biw=1790&bih=973
That was too long
AH!
o_o
Wtb derpy.me
Yep and the link doesn't even work
lol
derpy.me is your friend
tan(x/10) * sin(x) :Dc
/me sits on Gold_Demona
So is this chair.
/me is a comfy chair
bloody Whimsy Floof
:D
08,01heh, is it bad that i knew roughly how that would look before i graphed it...
So I get to go to another training class this week.
08,01yay
Whimsy Floof is still a great name
08,01i once whimsy'd a floof
I didn't expect any less words from you.
MadSurge: Thanks. I like it. :$
08,01it never forgave me.
:<
08,01but you just can't butter everyone's toast
Yeah, some folks don't like butter. :D
05aaand home
ohai Wrek
05the question i asked
05what the name of that part of css is
05it was on the test :C
Hey Wrek!
05so i had to guess
05im probably not acing it now
05casue all otehr questiosn i could answer >_>
Awww :(
08,01Wrek: what answer did you put?
05tag
08,01i think it'd be more "attribute"? but srsly, i have no idea
05attribute is what you put afterwards
05say background-color:
05and the value is then #FF0000
05;
08,01isn't that a property?
05its been called attribute for the goign of the course so :|
08,01hm, fair enough
08,01this is an area of computing that doesn't interest me in the slightest
05i cant blame you
Are you asking what "background-color" would be in css?
08,01html/css is a horrible design methodology
05no im askign what the name of #example would be
Selector
05thank you
05in other words
05no ace
:(
I only know enough html/CSS to tweak a pre-existing skin to do what I want. =/
08,01Gold_Demona: same, pretty much
05i liek it cause it lets me do http://i.imgur.com/yS4F7.jpg
05horribru
I like it because I don't have to manually create the UI
Oppression, with two s
05dat typo
I've done that enough. html or other serialized UI formats ftw
08,01html/css needs to be replaced, but i'm not sure with what
back :\ what's going on?
08,01hell, HTTP is kinda horrible too
We're talkin' codey stuff
05what does the HT stand for again?`
08,01javascript should be replaced with a goddamn bytecode interpreter
Hyper Text
05right
It's almost like HTTP's horrible because it transfers HT :P
coolio.
05tp is trans protocol right?
05and ml markup language?
yeah
Back off of my JS :(
05i cant do java
It just... had a rough childhood
Ok?
05ive managed to implement it to anotehr site i made
Java's weeeeeird. >.>
08,01i do actually like some things in javascript
05but i cant code if from blank
hi
08,01people give it a hard time, but it has some pretty nifty features
08,01but i hate that it's what browsers force a programmer to use
Honestly, the biggest problem with the whole system is that there's no unified interpreter for any of it
05but this
05http://i.imgur.com/TXqPw.png
08,01a bytecode interpreter with access to the DOM, or whatever other primitive system, would mak emore sense in this day and age
05this i can do
05:D
08,01Wrek: HAVE MY BABIES
Problem is how difficult such a change would be to adopt
05thats only 33% zoom
Wrek, you beast. That's looking awesome
05its in A2 size 300PPI
08,01spight: aye, exactly
hello
hiyo
08,01i think at best, what HTML *should* have been is an intermediate language
Imagine just being able to use the local machines environment to run code./
08,01aye, exactly
05i kinda like CSS
05but i hate jumpign between html and css all the time
Just edit the stylesheets on the fly with Javascript~
05albeit since i began usign css my html has onyl been a set of divs
05nothing more
08,01though sanboxed native execution is trickier than just sayin g"here's a VM spec to generate to. i don't care what language you're coming from."
Yeah
Installation of browsers would need to become more demanding of environment
x.x
05but yeah still pissed that i didnt remember selector
Ok
05if i had
Time for work.
05id ace the test
See you guys
I'll send pictures of my rarity hoodie. :O
08,01and instead of a markup language and a styling language, have a data language (JSON!), and a template language
05speaking of test; writing code for hand is tedious >_>
05by*
08,01there, solved.
08,01you can thank me in beer
You
Me
I get cold beer
You have warm beer
Meet at the pub
ten minutes
^
Btw
08,01haha
08,01<3
Oh yeah
:(
08,01got wrek'd :P
08,01come to scotland, spight; we have many a fine ale here
I would love a JSON markup language, btw.
I thought JSON just carried data
HTML just carries data too honestly.
HTJSON
08,01anyhoos, i'm off to write a branch predictor simulator
Kk. /
hm
well, I like it how it is now
The system is fine.
The browsers have ruined everything, though.
I wouldn't know- I never did html before past few months
so only ever done html5
/me glomps Vivix and takes him to bed
/me screeches
05i prefer mead really
All my interaction with JSON has been via faye-
Wrek: what are you, a nord?
I only had mean once, didn't really think it was amazing
05homebrewed from one of the out of town viking villages
Vivix: i dont care for alchohol at all, if you like it, good for you XD
I don't either
I can drink it, but I don't really -- feel a need to
05ok refresh so you see ustream
It's like, I would never go to a bar to drink juice, so I just- wouldn't go to a bar
Vivix: lol
you know what I mean ;__;
i know
/me pats
05guise
if anyone needs me i am going to destroy the world
05refreasj
Wrek: i already did
Same here
and by destroy the world, i mean crush newbs in guild wars 2 XD
"And to do this, we made her boil her raggedy anne doll."
but i am a newb in guild wars 2... fuck
Vivix: what the hell
/me pushes EVA-01 ontop of Vivix
Aah
im off
see you sexy ponies later
/me throws down a smoke bomb
Back, -ish
Socks: sup.
well im leaving
Da sky, generally
/me waves goodbye to puffmuffins
Good one.. it usually ia.
is*
ooo .. it looks like Doom
Sounds like Doom too
<3 Doom
Lol wrek .. fist powaa
*sigh* chat is quiet today
^ :|
Hello Bronystate *coaths*
/me stabs Suzano for some entertainment
whoa... old game is old?
Hi :P
Suzano: It looks like Doom right?
to be honest havent seen doom 1 XD
XD
For some reason i cant' stop playing Timesplitters 2 lately :\
I'd say Doom 1 holds up today, it just has a charm that a lot of games don't have
Socks: first fps i suppose? and it's not overadvertised crap like Call of Duty
It wasn't the first FPS, I think wolfenstein was first, but that doesn't hold up and is genuinely quite dull, Doom just has a charm :)
yeah... same as Duke nukem 3d.... Duke Forever had balls of butter
Pffft, Wolfenstein 3D or gtfo.
Duke Forever.. development for like 15 years and it was still really bad :\
ot wasnt bad... it was TERRIBLE
Can't say I'm surprised, or disapointed, I mean Duke Forever went into production a year after I was born, I have zero attatchment to the series.
It was disgustingly terrible.
and i was getting sohyped
Suzano: ikr, i bought it thinking it's gonna be the shit and it turned out as one of the worst games i ever played
Dem loading screens right?
Don't even want to talk about the damn loading
The whole gameplay altogether felt like a sega genesis :\
Wait for price to go down and reviews to come in before buying a game!
Rule of life
the levels were linear as hell to
THe only one you need
My all time fav game : Sonic 2
/me can't stand sonic games _
I realy enjoyed Abes oddysey and Abes Exodus for PS1 :D
Not sonic 2..
I never did like the new Sonic. he lost his old feel sort of.. now he's a douche
Put sonic in the hands of a good writer and he's a good character.
Socks: true that.
He's just never been in the hands of a good writer...
Instead he's in the hands of friggin' Sega writers who are people pulled off the street :\
Hello all, how are we this fine morning / afternoon / night?
I don't like platformers where you can't take your time and explore everything because the game expects you to run to pass some obstacles :|
05fuck
Nice going, wrek :)
bad luck Wrek, better luck next time.
MadSurge: Agreed
MadSurge: I don't mind that if it's only for like a couple of levels in the game
Hi Rommulus
Or if it's a Sonic game
Gold_Demona: well yeah, but not all the game
I have alot of old games i can get alot of money for
/me has no old console :(
how are you Socks?
The oldest system I still have is my SNES.
I left my Genesis at my mom's house when I moved out
If I could choose 1 old console to have I would choose n64, the games on that were aweseome!
And my old NES went to my cousins in Colombia years ago
I still have the original Metal Gear Solid 1 for PS1 with manual, case and both disks in perfect condition..
Rommulus: I iz gud :) How are you?
Gold_Demona: or at least, the game should be completely based on the idea of running and not make side rooms you have to stop to look at
I am pretty damn good actually, had a lovely nap and have been studying anatomy.
/me was born into the PS2 generation
Nappy naps :)
Now come on to see Wrek streaming ^.^
MadSurge: Like Sonic?
When was PS2 made again? 2001?
Gold_Demona: ever heard of Chelnov-Atomic Runner? *obscure games ahoy*
Nope
Never heard of it
Been up to anything today Socks
snake, snake, snaaaaaaakeeee
Not really, staving of the many hours until my inevitable death, is cool.
Gold_Demona: the whole game is like that, the protagonist always moves on his own, he can stop for about two seconds before the scrolling catches up to him and pushes him off to run again
MadSurge: Sonic was'nt a scroll screen platformer
Oh well, I guess we all kinda go into that mentality for a little while every once in a while.
_Dark_Moon_: I'm talking about another gam in fact
Oh which one?
:P
_Dark_Moon_: "Chelnov-Atomic Runner"
Now that you think about it.. if i sold all my old consoles and games i'd get atleast 300 something
Oh, never heard of it.
05this was the first game to incorporate dual weilding in the fps genre
Which game is Wrek playing?
_Dark_Moon_: doesn't surprise me
Oh crap.. steam validating my acc
Socks: Marathon
Why of crap Dark?
THanks :)
MadSurge: When was the game made?
/me hugs MadSurge
I only played Sonic and Shooter games at a young age
I use to play Spyro and Sonic games as a child. So fun.
Wrek: I think Shadow Warrior and Blood both had dual wielding
omg spyro the 1st part wasepic
Spyroo now i remember :D
but coulnt get one dragon free
wait
Crash Bandicoot 2
/me is away: nap time
_Dark_Moon_: the arcade version is from 1988, but the Genesis version is from 1992 and is more polished/coherent
05it also has the best weapon in fps history
I forgot about Crash Bandicoot
05the WST-EM combat shotgun
Same here.. i LOVED CB2
05a sawed off shotgun with a 1 hand reload
I still have Crash trilogy with team racing
052 barreled
However there was 1 game that topped everything for me and is still fun to this day
I have played it so many times over it isnt funny
The motorcycle level in Crash 3 .. omm
Digimon World 1
/me loved the crash bandicoot series
Who does'nt :)
Rommulus: I've only played Digimon World 3. What's the first one like?
<3 digimon
I got 100% complete in Sonic 2 :O
I mean
Digimon World 1 was amazing! it topped all games afterward. Especially World 2 which I was SEVERLY dissapointed in
Crash 2
I still think it is the best Digimon game to date.
hello internet people of the world
Hello pony_3940
The people of the internet world greet you.
I was really upset when they made Crash talk in the newer games :(
I might have to find the first game and try it out then. Cuz I really liked the third one.
THEY MADE HIM TALK!
thanks my new kind of friend who i'll never have any kind of personal friendship with
He should'nt talk.. he's crash for god sake D:
Making Crash talk is like making Gordon Freeman talk.
hello there pony_3940 :)
It just isnt right
05i think atleast 1 here will recognize the rocket laucnher
05no?
CF
XD
It looks familiar Wrek but doesnt ring any bells sadly.
Im just gonna call it Boss
nyeh?
To me it sorta looks like the Soldier from TF2 :\
05Halo Combat evolved
so who here really fancies megan fox?
derfurg
and that would be were I seen it before.
I never actually played any of the Megaman series, how was it?
Steam "validating" me to check im not a bot.. if i bought a load of games why df would i be a bot?
this game looks like a duke 3d/shadow warrior/redneck rampage clone.
Im not really into Megaman/earthworm jim really.. i never found those games fun
do you guys prefer games or girls?
girls. all the friggin' way
05this game is basicalyl halo's grandad
good lad do you like football as well?
Girls? What are they?
is that even a question?
Yeah mate im a keeper
Rommulus: the megaman games are great. i belive megaman x street fighter is out now for free.
Are they like... a new game?
Scoot-Scootaloo: :D
Is it bad I like Megaman but only completed 1/2 and 9/10?
what kind of level
?
Whaddaya mean?
Scoot-Scootaloo: All of my love
Are they like boys but wierder?
MadSurge: no, not at all.
And what the hell is Football?
scoot man turn the xbox off and get yourself a girl friend and dark as in the kind of team you play for?
Scoot-Scootaloo: They have a bit more in places and a bit less than others
Scoot-Scootaloo: :O:O:O:O
Football that is :P
How can u not know de footbaalzz?
Do you mean Handegg or Soccer?
Best sport in the world
Dual wielding shotguns like a boss.
Soccer/football
Because murrika
Is Wrek shooting or juggling shotguns? :D
Pony39
Murrika!
Scoot-Scootaloo: Trolling all the peoples :P
You play footie bud?
pony_3940: Are girls like Xboxes?
Scoot-Scootaloo: No but they do drag you away from the Xbox.
You remind me.. flex some of the guns on the pitch during the match :D
EWWW then I don't like them >:/
And ded
well you put stuff in the disc drive if you see what i mean
Hate when girls try to drag you from football
they can play games for you? :O
Pony39 what position u play in football?
Are they also MLG LEGIT?
:D
That mini heart attack when you walk around the corner and its there.
MadSurge: Shotgun juggling, the next olympic sport! :D
Lol wrek
centre back
lol
Im beast in goal
whos plain le 2.5d shooters?
JRP2234|DooM: Wrek
>Le
Ace: they gotta try new stuff amirite :D
I don't really have the striker talent, but my reflexes and diving are amazing
wrek what game
We already have a keeper
If he gets injured,
JRP2234|DooM: Halo, Combat Evolved
seems legit
I move out of RB and move in goal
fair doos
it looks like the doom engin
And we're both good keepers
You little Newfoals, Goalkeepers are floozies~
socks just told me to call you guys horse shaggers is that bad?
O.o
:D
da wut
No. not bad at all.
i am so tired
/me needs something to drink before he explodes
/me sings sonicdude558 to sleep
wrek you lack of mic disturbs me
ha im back mo fos
Damn school.. i was about to go down with my mates to an all girls school down the road .. but i have to study e_e
Welcome back pony_3940
Oh hai~
bit awks when you kicked me....
Awks? I don't know th meaning of that word :P
Is the forbidden word still banned?
Dark Moon, Study, be a good munchkin
Pick up girls, THEN study
:)
I should start summing up my research project too. We might publicize it if I can get it done in time.
gak
I have that "keeper sense"
WHAT are girls? Someone needs to explain that to me :(
socks says he fancies darkmoon
I can tell from the players direction, body shape and angle the trajectory of the ball
pretty amazing huh?
GIRLS
Alright scoot
THERE ARE NO GIRLS ON THIS INTERNET
Girls are like PS3 controllers.
the end
EWWW
PS3 :|
:o
mouse and keyboard ftw
and whats the problem with women?!
Nintendo 64 ftw
e_e study study study.. 10 exams this week
Oddyssey FTW.
pony_3940: apparently some women dont like women the way we do. Its nonsense if you ask me.
_Dark_Moon_: Poor things. I only have one.
I get off at 12:30am every day though :)
:D
lol
Well, that's a plus.
So who likes ponies :P
State examinations all week long
in youtube you can not enter "<" in the video description
PONIES?!
PONEEES
lmao
Did someone say they like ponies?
JRP2234|DooM: Because they don't know how to text.
Maybe >_>
_Dark_Moon_: are those the ones you have to take to get a bachelor's?
Eww ponies.
Because ou know... we deliver your ponies...
you*
Oh?
Yay ponies!
I know where this is going.
err.. no. It's the certificate to show your not a dumbass and you passed school test :D
And I dont like it.
Ah, Marathon, right?
Alchemist: I like it.
SO FAR. IM FAILING.
_Dark_Moon_: how do you call the exams you have to take at the end of the last semester before getting a bachelor's degree?
Someone shoot me right now.. school is just effort
right mo fos my lesson is finishing ill talk to a female and report back what its like goodbye people of the internet ps socks is charlie humphries
There is two certificates in school
Junior Cert and Leaving Cert
Da whut....
Irish education
deal with it :)
no u
bye guys, be back this evening :)
haha made it up socks is james mcnally
INB4 ded again.
Wrek: woah, they totally appeared out of nowhere.
http://derpy.me/UXJML
Alchemist: i will deal with it.
Spitfire is second sexiest pony.
Wrek: your amazing at this game
wait
Someone tell me what time it is GMT
About 3 PM.
definitely not MLG material like Scoot :D
Good morning everypony :)
Oh hi, BladedWings.
good evening for me. Hi BladedWings
What is with this show and sunglasses? :D
MadSurge: dealwithit
Is Raiban a Hasbro sponsor? :D
/me glomps Kammerjunk and MadSurge and takes them to bed
AAAAAHHHH
LOL
I did not see that coming
MadSurge: I dunno, but I kinda like it :)
Alchemist: indeed :D
Bronysith: oh my
This game reminds me of Dead Space..
:(
Okay, Ray-ban really must be a sponsor for Hasbro :D http://derpy.me/nEjeg
(thats the voice cast for the cmc in case you dont know)
yey
Morning everyone
Morning, Wrek
hi AssaultWithEmbraces !
xD
Youcan do it!!!!
Wrek: It's impossible xD
HI Alchemist
What game is this?
My roommate threw some sodium chloride at me. Thats assault.
good morning AssaultWithEmbraces ^_^
Alchemist, why'd they do that?
AssaultWithEmbraces: chemistry joke.
Alchemist: Aaaah I see what you did there!
:)
AssaultWithEmbraces: i think this is Marathon
sodium chloride.. what does that do again?
That means I solve problems
_Dark_Moon_: nothing much besides making your food...saltier :D
also kills slugs lol
oh yeah sodium chloride is salt :3
yup
I tend to forget these things
i don't have a good memory cause of a whack to the head or something like dat
and Im a complete dumbass in literature and history. be good at what you are interested in.
the rest is overrated.
Im interested in football :L
Hey guys
ohai EagleEye
_Dark_Moon_: and you play in the a league. thats good, no?
Yep. Two leagues below Premier which is the best you can be in
well then you are good at it. So dont mind if you dont know much about chemistry is what Im saying. :)
Hey~ you sexy things~
I actually have all honours in school too :)
All either from 70 - 90 in grades usually.. cept irish
i bought this game for a wrek a while back :3
it was in exchange for a very nice commisssion of sexy proportions
_Dark_Moon_: Im from Hungary and we have a completely different system for middle school (age 14-18), so I have no idea what the honors mean :D
Lyra`: oh my :3
Hello
bicyclerepairman <3
Honours is if you get a grade above 70
ohai Lyra` and Sparkle ^_^
:3
/me ahem
_Dark_Moon_: out of what? Our grades are 1 to5 with 1 the lowest score (below 50%) and 5 the highest (above 905)
dat Scoot-Scootaloo
*above 90%
Agh im sorry, we just have from 0 - 100% grades. No A,B,C,D,F etc
Any grade above 70 is a Honour see
Any below is a pass
But below 50 is fail
oh, I see
Hi Scoot-Scootaloo
+
ragequit much?
Woah wrek.. df just happened? :L
i hear but no see
Hooray! :D
continuing the spitfire pic?
Sounds good
Good morning everyone! :)
Good morning RaveBrony
05does that sound good Scoot-Scootaloo?
jhonney
05:D
08,01oh shit, it's RaveBrony
great :)
good morning RaveBrony ^_^
sounds good
Morning rave
Sound Fabulous
how are ya?
Wha-huh?
Morning RaveBrony
05goan take a quick break and draw when i get back
Oh yeah, whatevs~
/me waves to Rommulus, BladedWings, _Dark_Moon_, and AssaultWithEmbraces
AssaultWithEmbraces! <3
MadSurge! <3
/me waves back to RaveBrony ^_^
AdamTheDuck :D
AssaultWithEmbraces :D
Lyra` :D
08,01afternoo' Lyra`
you caught me litterally hours before im gone for at least 15 days
AssaultWithEmbraces: so uh, this is your modus operandi, right? http://i.imgur.com/wtMep.gif :D
i leave in 2 hours ;3
Wow, turns out im getting dragged into running errands with my father... ill bbl...
Hey
08,01Lyra`: you got an op?
on vacation yet?
nope. :(
you know i did :3
Guys who's on steam?
two more tests
:/
and I have to finish a project by 1 today
next week = vacation?
08,01Lyra`: be safe and don't get shot/blown up/etc.
After my test on tuesday
im just going to indiana
Wrek is, however he is afk atm _Dark_Moon_ so he put on some afk music for us.
which is pretty early in the morning, so I'll have most of that day free
oh yout real close then
08,01Lyra`: ah, okay
whats the worst that could happen, that i cant kill, seduce, or barter my way out of?
hi everyone :)
your*
yeah
08,01Lyra`: muslims.
I'm not happy about my grades though =/
hi Lil_B
MadSurge: YEp
I really just could not make myself care this semester
Lyra`: I was just in Indiana yesterday
salam alah melekum
08,01my god, that was actually horribly racist
Well its also because your professor was an ass right?
it was
thanks BladedWings :)
Im gonna go play some football
Later everyone
08,01i apologise to any muslims in here
your comment was bad and you should feel bad
that's definitely part of it :P
thsoe are the nutjobs ones
Later _Dark_Moon_!
most of my teachers annoyed me this semester
A job
especially the systems dev one
huh?
But I'm even having a hard time getting a job
i didnt get kicked for italics?
that was the last time I'll ever have him though
thast odd.
Are your grades passing?
08,01Lyra`: most clients don't support italics
really?
08,01AssaultWithEmbraces: why can't you get a job?
Yeah, they're not terrible
08,01indeed.
but not good either
i'll hire you AssaultWithEmbraces :3
any experience being a maid?
sans clothing.
:D
just lie.
always works
the worst I'll be getting is the low C in systems dev
Lyra`, no experience at all
say you worked on a farm
or something
you helped your parent growing up
08,01or become an escort
My dad worked at the paper mill
stay out of my teritory
Mom worked at a UPS Store
but jobs are so competitive nowadays, I'm worried they'll look at that as a sign that I don't work well in groups or something =/
08,01Jmo: why not?
That's just wrong.
08,01there's nothing wrong with being paid for sex
No nononononnononoooooooooo
:D
In your mind.
I like not having an STD
good girl
Will you be getting any kind of externship?
thast why you only offfer service to those who look clean
having one ruins all the fun of getting one
08,01well, some STDs have non outward sympotms
I had sort of an internship with this startup mobile app company
08,01which is why you never have unprotected sex with a client
besides i get tested once every 2 months
but due to some legal issues that didn't end up working out very well
legal?
That involved you?
I guess some of the employees decided to basically steal the company from the owner
???
I was not told anything about it
they fired you?
so one day I just stopped getting their messages
08,01Alchemist: i could probably tell you more about the business than you ever wanted to know
pretty much
08,01but not in here
._.
I still don't really get what happened
Thats just fucked up
08,01Lyra`: i have several
well, im clean, youre clean, and im infertile
I see that Wrek it Ralph is streaming
Ahhh, Alchemist Do you work in a GMP Laboratory?
c what I did there
emailed the owner a few months ago to try and find out why I was apparently fired and he told me all that
lets talk.
08,01i approve
AHEMMM
sonicdude558 awwww U
I don't exactly understand how employees can steal a company
Here's an idea, how about you move on from this shitty topic as children are around.
What are you floozies talking about now~?
I don't either ._.
08,01Scoot-Scootaloo: floozying for money
could ask SR about it
Jmo, shush
Lil_B: if you mean good manufacturing practice then no.
No.
that does sound like something he'd know about
Heya everyone :)
I am very tired
aaaaw but it was entertaining me Jaymoo~
and hungry
I can see...
My only guess was that the employees had more stock than the owner
You wanna talk about this shit, take it to PM or another channel, honestly.
08,01okay, i actually have to agree that we're getting a bit carried away here
Hiya MLP_Brovakiin
Ya think?
which gave them the power to do what they want with the company
Alchemist sry, I ment GLP :P But I did work in a "GMP"- Laboratory once :/
soooooooooo whats going on right now guise?
Wrek it Ralph isn't streaming anything
ah, that would make sense
he is streaming
yes
Hi everybody :(
i stand by my original assessment of: Jmo, shush
about to draw#
Lil_B: well then i do :)
I'm not sure if they had stock though; it was a really small, informal kind of company
08,01though, personally, i don't think it's a topic that should be off-limits for the ages we get in here
hi The_TCR_Engineer whats up?
Lyra`, go away before I start saying shit about you.
but is he streaming anything? No. He is streaming a image.
08,01Jmo and Lyra`, both of you cool it please
08,01enhance your collective calms
I am calm.
So how bout dem ponies
keep calm
this is their website http://sniffitapp.com/
I worked on the business section of that
and _____ on.
Lil_B: but I have to note that its only GLP on paper. If we did everything according to the rules we couldnt accomplish much.
Alright. BOTH OF YOU SHUT THE FUCK UP. Either talk about something instead of spamming the chat with your bullshitting
He is streaming music
I hear someone eating chips..
Alchemist good thing my school isn't... today I had to clean a lot of Glass-Stuff like Flasks for an Upcoming Analysis and When I was finished, the whole rooms had a slight HCl-Dust ...
WREK ARE YOU EATING CHIPS/
wb Wrek
Oi.
Oh hai dere
How do you take your tea Wrek?
okay the hell is going on in here?
I like tea with milk and sugar :3
otakon, best leave it alone
Lil_B: its a pain in the ass to be honest and it does more harm than good.
let the hate flow through you, Jmo
05earlt grey
05hot
There is no hate.
Wow they are still fucking at it...
08,01Lyra`... i asked you to stop
Alchemist yeah :/
ahh alright
kay :3
08,01<3
^-^
you forgot the tea at the beggining Wrek
05on stream
05you can see the 100% detail
https://i.chzbgr.com/maxW500/6878364416/hAC80487C/
Goddammit world of warcraft why am I permanently banned and get refunded on my cash after buying the wow box and the addon ;.;
Lil_B: we already have to wear foot bags all the time, we should store the gas canisters in a separate room all the time if the canister is not in use, a non certified person couldnt even enter the lab without supervision etc. Its too bureucratic.
05how the hell do you manage to get banned on wow
05:|
I DONT KNOW! I have a email saying they cant upgrade my shit
Wrek it Ralph... It has a nice ring to it
so thye banned me permanetly
Say huh?
05sounds like a scam mail
Banned from who what now?
SCAM EMAIL?
There is a lot of that stuff going on now, scam emails
Was it WoW or D3 or soemthing?
08,01The_TCR_Engineer: they don't generally refund you when they ban you
This notice is being sent to inform you that we are unable to successfully process the recently requested electronic upgrade for World of Warcraft account (my email). As such, this account has been set to the account type which it was at before the electronic upgrade and no charges have been processed for this.
^^^
Not sure. I really don't trust "blizzard" emails anymore
Also the next thing is
In addition, in order to protect the security of both this World of Warcraft account and your payment method we have disabled access to this account to prevent potential abuse.
The last one I opened my account got hacked.
oh look more stupid sexy Spitfire
And I had not played wow in a good 3 years
05you find this sexy?
05creep!
hah
llol
I have to contact blizzard..
otakon: don't mind him. Spitfire is always stupid sexy.
In her stupid sexy outfits.
05also
05this document is becomign veeeery big
Barbetos|PonyMan: her
05hard to edit the image xD
Dat Not Responding
08,01Wrek: you need moar ram
Wrek: lol make it a smaller resolution then
/me 08,01rams Wrek
05nope
05but SAI has a mem cap
Wrek what do you use to edit
Wrek, how big is the image?
05currently A2 at 300PPI
Damn
Wrek: you bugger you've drawn worse and you know it!
I just love it when I go to remove a driver from a computer and it stays there
oh my god
WINDOWS.
Spifore?
BEST OS.
Spifire?
SPITFIRE
Spitfire
JESUS
Alchemist There was one analysis which I had to do about once a week, and everyxtime I had to recalibrate the Scales (if that's the correctb word) every time with mini-weights stored in a little chest xD
lol what is wrong with you ThunderBlaze?
brb
otakon: Just woke up apparently
/me glomps otakon
Bye everyone
Later Engineer
GMOD TIME! HAHAHAHA
Lil_B: and the footbags are compulsory because the lab deals with biosensors and silicon wafers which are really sensitive to dust, but then why the hell do we have to pass an airlock to get into the lab?
oi oi otakon , whats up?
Sooo... who's OC is that?
im back to guild wars 2
Alchemist yeah, it IS rather Nuts
ThunderBlaze: That's Wrek's OC
He likes to paint and draw? neat?
Is that wrek doing the picture?
Yep.
Damn he's good
You should see his stuff
I wish i could draw like that XD
DX
If only Spitfire kept her voice her original one i would be in love but it was a major turnoff for me
The new voice they gave her
>turnoff
You should listen to the Swedish Spitfire...
XD
>pony
I actually like the Swedish Spitfire
I SEE A PIE!
05good
she must be expecting Soarin
05casue she's the oen who asked me draw this one ;)
^
wait
@Wrek: Wut?
THIS IS A COMMSSION FROM SWEDE SPITFIRE?!
05not a comission
05request
well still nice
oh
neato
Don't know if you should trim the wings though... Well it's your art so you do whatever I still like it either way Wrek
With a voice like that, how can you refuse?
So how long has Wrek been at it?
Since the episode aired pretty much
this pic alone?
yesterday
yeah
my god
about... 8 hours or so
he's VERY detail oriented
DX WORK DAMMIT
but we've seen him crank out good stuff in less than 3 hours
spleeesh
05the program cant handle all these pixels xD
Photoshop.exe is not working properly at the moment please try again.
Nope it can't
Would you like to report the error?
XD
SAI can't handle Wrek's skills
oh god
Huh.. I usually get a middle finger when I get computer problems
if only all of the brony artists coud do that
...
umm...
ThunderBlaze, but then it would get stale. Every artist has their own art style
Wait... did it crash?
Yep
/me was away for a few mins
05its tryign to process
Alchemist: first episode and it's an A+ right away! Impressive :$
oh ok
05im not touchign it right now
05its usign a gig of my ram
not even PS can handle spitfire and Wrek's skills :D
@Wrek: It's nest not to do that not to touch it at all.
dammit Wrek it's just too massive
Wrek, please don't crash your computer.
Yeah, I hope it didn't crash, destruction of hours of wroks because of a Crashing Programm is Probably the biggest "I don't wanna do this anymore" Faktor I have when making music :/
INFECTED MUSHROOM!
BUCK YES!
That would suck, all that lost work
Love your taste of music
If you would ask me I am an EDM Pony
That's all i listen too
You say Lady gaga I saw Daft Punk
You say Slipknot I say Bloody Beetroots
This is when I take a screwdriver out of the drawer and theatrically put it down on top of the PC case. that alone frightens my comp and starts working again properly.
Alchemist: XD!
I bet you guys that some r34 bronies have made this one scene...
I'm just saying
*Put's hooves up*
ThunderBlaze, not the place to discuss that.
agreed
AssaultWithEmbraces: Aren't we all adults here though?
oh, it works again :)
ThunderBlaze: my comp knows what its like to be getting "fixed" by me. It looks something like this: http://derpy.me/Rhpwp
08,01ThunderBlaze: technically, no
ThunderBlaze: you cant just assume that lol...and mentally, no :D
08,01our age limit is 14
ThunderBlaze not everyone. Plus this is mean't to be children friendly so theres other channels for such things
Alchemist: daaaw
503 XD
Alchemist, thats what it looks like when i work on bronystate
Phase4: seems to work though :D
So ThunderBlaze
If you want to talk about such things go to a 18+ channel
Sorry
I was just saying
I'm ending it here
ThunderBlaze Yeah and you should.
:/
*hides in corner*
im looking at this .gif and it matches up to the music perfectlyhttps://i.chzbgr.com/maxW500/6874971648/h6FB8D3A8/
https://i.chzbgr.com/maxW500/6874971648/h6FB8D3A8/
just one week left of school >.<
/me 08,01licks ThunderBlaze
GAHHH\
>:> :P
I think I have a problem. I can't stop listening to Babs seed
/me explodes
finally I can stop working onm school Stuf, and instead... work... on... other... Stuff :/
http://www.derpibooru.org/185417
Scoots time
ok guys i must be off to class, goona be there all day so see yall later tonight ^_^
05Barbetos|PonyMan: listen to this song on stream for a quick while
Bye BladedWings :)
05it explaisn your condition
Somehow the Babs Seed song didn't stay in my head O_o
kay
Anyone like Ed Edd n Eddy
We do!
http://www.derpibooru.org/185409
You gotta see this!
MadSurge: It did not for me either, untill I started to listen to the Silva Hound remix
05atleast when the singing starts
Which is in the style of Trap aparently.
ThunderBlaze: I love john joseco's style :)
Trap = rap, hip hop, and some other genre I can't think of.
I know same
/me doesn't listen to remixes on his own
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: The Legend of Cadence: Crystal Heart
... trap?
Thats what it says
/me shrug
It sounds gross to me. The name of the genre.
But the song is still good.
I guess.
How are traps gross? O_o
I'm digging these lyrics~
08,01hmm
The Lyrics start and then I get customer
Sooo. I missed it.
MadSurge: maybe I think i know what kind of traps he meant...
08,01and then my exec profiler decided it was broken
oh nvm
never heard about trap as a musical genre...
but then again there are more musical genres than songs tbh.
dat paradoxical logic
Gold_Demona: i was sarcastic :D
I'd like to see the genre that has no music in it. :D
Gold_Demona silence music
Sarcasm? What's that? How do you prepare it?
05oo this is a nice song :D
How dpes it taste?
Gold_Demona: well its called ambient :D
Gold_Demona like... just an Album with a unwritten Disk in it...
Gold_Demona: do you eat it?
Looks like it is going to be one of those days. I start to think our internet went down, all the while this stream is running.
I am smurt it
or asn Album amde with LSD, so there will be no music, but you think there is mussic because you are hight Oo ... I stop now It has come low
ok, I'm off for now, see you later
08,01there are only two works of silent music i know of
And they sound different? O_o
08,01one is John Cage's 4'33, whihc is 4 minutes and 33 seconds of silence
08,01the other is Mike Batt's Minute Silence
Songs like that make me wonder
08,01interesting fact, the estate of John Cage has sued Mike Batt over Minute Silence, claiming he violated copyright by making a derivative work
nintendo is what genisisent
Sounds about right.
modern art is confusing sometimes
08,01well, it's not all that confusing
08,01the whole point of 4'33 is that the ambient sound of where you are is the music
08,01so it is, in effect, aleatoric
Johnny Cage sued someone? :O
I always thought he was some kind of nut-puncher :/
o fuck
LOOK AT WHAT YOU PEOPLE
IM DISGUSTED
a angry birds movie
you people did*
JRP2234|DooM: to be honest, it doesnt even phase me :D
It wasn't me. D:
08,01Alchemist: is this an actual thing?
08,01JRP2234|DooM: is *this* an actual thing?
it was bound to happen
08,012016? the fad will be over by then
ikr
idiot
s
08,01and it's just fucking angry birds... why do they need 3 years for development?
i really dont know anymore
Haio everybrony
Heya CountDoofus
its just gonna be a 2 hour FRCKEN AD
https://i.chzbgr.com/maxW500/6850898944/hFD1B18DD/
08,01Lyra`: <3
:3
Whatacrossover
i made a lets play of minecraft...now i understand why i hate it
I dun think Ah Real Monsters has ever been shown here
05effing wings
05i need more tea
Punch em
tea is important
IN 'MURICA WE PUNCH OUR ART INTO WHAT WE WANT
i prefer xtra strength pepermint
Or thats actually more of a texas thing.
I only like normal tea :3
And speaking of Texas, we have Texas Tea.
Lots and lots of sugar.
And when you think that is to much we add more.
ello everyone
Ohai soulrider95
hi guys :)
Heya sonicdude558 :)
05back with mroe tea
Just spent 3 hours at school writing guides to DotA 2 XD
My mom is away
I am supposed to be resting because I am tired
...
If you're tired why don't you sleep?
/me throws a Twi plushie into the chat
/me steals said plushie and runs
/me throws another Twi plushie into the chat
/me steals the second plush
/me the plushie is gaurded from soulrider95
/me runs back, grabs under other arm, then bolts
/me soulrider95 is unable to lift the plushie
/me is happy with single plush then.
/me now has the second plushie all to himself
/me points up a bit in the chat
Dat RP
oooh how much?
08,01# deck my balls with boughs of holy, falalala la lala la la #
Let's not
it is at $75. It was originally $85
08,01# 'tis the season to wear jonnies, falalala la lala la la #
Uhhhm
08,01i had a weird trip to the kitchen
dat kick
hitler couldnt have been that bad a guy.
right
but then again, he killed the guy who killed hitler.
/me brains explodeszz
hei
hei?
well bye guys
Ohai artist
Bye sonicdude558
yeash bye sonicdude558
wrek be drawing i see
eeyup
Wrek makes me jelly everytime he draws :<
Me to :<
too*
bet its a bitch learning to use these computer drawing things
Only if you're not already used to irt
it*
I can do 3d stuffz, but not drawing
i can do stickmen on paper
I can't do 3d stuffs :<
at all
damn school'
wait, you still at school? sucker
:D
lol last week before break
Its blocked for being "Dubious/Unsavory"
same
05aaah
05this is a good song
its the last week before the exam period for me.
hahahaa'
Lots of Dubious/Unsavory stuff on there
Gold_Demona: Yeah thats what I meant
I WANT PONY-SHIRTS DAMMIT
Depends on your definiton of "unsavory"
Em
soulrider95: In other words, NSFW :P
Meh.
oh god
not nsfw
05but dad also wanted one
not safe for woona?
You have awesome parents, Wrek. :D
LOL :D
xD
yes
Yes, that
08,01damnit, i meant a.
08,01it's an adjective!
I love how dumbasses always blame video games when people get shot up
/me 08,01gigles
08,01which is like a giggle, but spelled wrong
I wonder what an unsavory looks like
08,01Gold_Demona: a bit like a sweet, but bitterer
Oh did anyone see the new THQ bundle on amazon?
SI
05fun fact
SpadeKyurem[WoW]: Nonono, this time they're blaming lax gun control laws.
Thanks to YOU
05the gal that sang this was on LSD during it
Oh he's getting the wings now sweet
... Damn they look soo soft
IWAT TO TOUCH THEM
dem feathers :>
Why can't I get a pony to snuggle :<
Gold_Demona: and the lack of God in schools.
This one chump on tv thinks we can get rid of mass homicide by not getting our kids to play violent video games or see violent movies
HAHA
sexual ed edd n eddy
Right....
I hear there was a lot of blame put on Bioware this time around.
For the shootings
I probably would go on a killing spree if I couldn't relax with my violent media....
What? Bioware? Seriously?
Yeah
How?
hahahahwhat?
Oh yeah, the older brother played Mass Effect, so logically it was biowares fault
Speaking of violence
there always is. Lobbyists are prey on easily scared parents.
THe guy who they thought did it had a like for Mass Effect on his facebook
those dipshits again?=
Anyone here gonan play TF@?
TF2?
"hurr durr, computer games make kikllers, derrrrp"
seriosuly, i thought that fad was ovee
052 of the largest school shootign in US history
anyone?
05occured 3 years before pong was ever invented
I wonder if they would ever blame pony.
Why do people think just because he played a damn game thats why he shot people up
Who ever they are.
05you cant blame video games
it's bc he was mentally unbalanced
not bc he played a video game
And just the other day I shared a facebook post that said "If video games really influenced people, then the majority of Facebook users would be farmers."
Getting ready for raving here...
Waiting for drop
When motion pictures were originally introduced, they had the same "they be bad" as video games have now....
I play that game, you don't see me freaking shooting up schools do you?
Pulls out Glowsticks
Gold_Demona: lurking?
I mean GOD I was in HS when Columbine went down
aniderp_work: Kinda
I made mention of it talking to a friend
I just finished college when that occured
I got pulled out of school for psych evaluation
can i have hugs?
I play plenty of violent video games
aniderp_work: yes
/me hugs aniderp_work
I don't feel like shooting people up
Lol I have to get a psych eval next week
/me hugs aniderp_work
idk if i can have my laptop tonight ;_;
HUG ALL OF THE PEOPLE
i'm pretty sure we all know that video games are the last thing that are even remotely to blame
/me hugs aniderp_work :3
Wrek what group is this?
/me huggles everyone
I've never had to go on a psych eval despite working with dangerous stuff most of the time...
Soccer moms just need a scapegoat to blame
@Wrek: What group is this?
fisting cows! yes
wat
mrcreepypasta reads about fisting cows
" he played counterstrike. therefore, counterstrike amde him murder people" by that logic we cant eat bread anymore. i'm sure the columbine shooters ate bread. bread makes killers
We must Destroy all of the bread
breathing makes you kill people
Breathing makes killers bro, everyone is killer
THINKING makes you kill people
or hey, they went bowling before the shooting, right? bowling makes killers too
i've heard they even wore clothes
I also love how they blame guns for killing people
Well im off to play Tf2 if anyone want's to join
OH FUCK!
Not the people who fired the guns
I WEAR CLOTHES!
Did you know that 100% of people who drink water die? It's true. >.>
yeah, its like saying that hitler and stalin had mustaches so beware of people with mustaches
i'm dangerous!!!!
GUNS ARE BUILT FOR KILLING DUMBASSES
OF COURSE THEY KILL PEOPLE
Al right later
Coworker trying to make sure his phone is working, recieving texts and what not. I send him pics of pony.
=D
You know what? The further we get away from filing Minority Reports on entire populations, the better.
To quote Larry the Cable Guy: "If we can blame guns for killing people, then I can blame misspelled words on my pencil."
actually, guns dont kill people
Gold_Demona, good quote
people kill people
i kill people
with guns
aw yeah
more accurately people with guns kill people :D
they just as may use a toaster to crack your skull. whatcha gonna say then? toasters kill people?
jon lajoie
toasters are dangerous shit Dark_Horst, dont joke like that
The only thing I'll agree with is that a gun's purpose is to kill people, but it is only a tool. Ultimately it's the person wielding it who decides how to use it.
i once battled a sandwich to the death
ducker almost got me
Goldframe: Alot of people fail to see that
*fucker
the brave little toaster?
We also hear about people stabbing people all the time, but we don't hear anyone demanding that we regular knives.
regulate even
Gold_Demona: thats because it takes effort for someone to kill 70 people with a meat cleaver than with a rifle6handgun.
True
Alchemist: you think killing peop,e with a gun takes no effort?
you obvipously never fired a gun
Dark_Horst: Spray and pray
It takes LESS effort than a cleaver
Depends on the gun.
Dark_Horst: no, no, I say its EASIER to kill more people in less time than with a shiv.
I've heard from people in the U.K. "We haven't had a gun incident like this for decades, because we banned all guns." Well I'd like to ask these Brits what homocidal maniacs use to kill innocent people.
can i be held?
oh i got a muffin today
Dark_Horst: Im sure handling a gun takes some skill and effort, but come on. a gun vs a knife?
This song again. =D
Gold_Demona: guess what muffin i got
aniderp_work: booberry? :>
yes!
boob?
:D
08,01Kandarihu: we use knives
08,01er
08,01they use knives.
derpy lovers her muffins
08,01or explosives
08,01or black market guns
mostly booberry :P
I like muffins. :>
08,01or legal guns, like hunting rifles
See? Bad guys use whatever they can get their hands on. They don't need guns if they want to kill a lot of innocent people.
I want a muffin irl now. :<
/me gives muffin
:D
i didnt eat it yet
im saving it for later
08,01guns don't kill people, bullets do
I dont know what is a booberry muffin but it sounds delicious :D
Yeah! Let's ban all bullets!
08,01i know because i saw a documentary on BBC 2
Also I ask how will not letting our kids play violent video games or see violent movies get rid of mass homicide?
watching Wrek construct the wing makes me wonder. on a pony where does the hair stop and the feathers start is the wing all feathers or is it a mix?
you know what?
aniderp for president!
You could possible kill anyone with ANYTHING
free muffins for everyone!
BAN EVERYTHING
and sea ponies
Yey :D
Hell I bet you could beat someone to death with a Rubix Cube
Gold_Demona: dont forget your vice
In 2007, some lunatic attempted a massacre in Akihabara, Japan. He started his massacre with a big Semi truck. And when he could no longer kill people, he got out and drew a dagger. He stabbed as many people as he could with that.
Nobody's allowed to have anything ever again ever because everything's dangerous!
can i have derpy m\plushies?
okay lets make a list of ridiculous objects to kill a person with
banana
Alchemist: Rubix Cube
Kandarihu: a derp killer?
Alchemist: Banana peels
This is starting to sound like Black Ops 2 music...
um
oranges
WHY So many people are leaving the fandom?
What?
Dark92Enigma: they do? :D
good for them
forks are dangerous
/me just saw leaving the fandom 101
Dark92Enigma: Probably becuase of R34
that's why
So are spoons. They hurt more
oh
Dark92Enigma: oh god why?!
08,01r34?
the person next to me is watching ponies///
artist, I think he killed about 17 people in total. But we shouldn't be ranking people like that as more kills = better, though.
08,01r34 has always been there
08,01don't blame it on porn
^
r34 has been around forever and people are only NOW leaving the fandom? O_o
That's like blaming killing on guns
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Story: Stubborn as Ponies
a 3 year reaction time is slow even by my standards
guys ;_;
Kandarihu: hmmm, i don't rank people that kill, i just say yay less population!
i gotta go :<
bye aniderp_work :<
aniderp_work: you have to work
i dont :D
bye aniderp_work! Hang in there!
ill try not to explode tonight
maybe i get it back tonight!
Gold_Demona: i blame it on people who create guns
ii doubt it ;_;
bye till tommorow maybe :<
MFW I put on a CD I haven't listened to in years and still know pretty much all the lyrics
My biggest concern about yolo is that so many people will ise it ironically, that it'll just creep into common parlance. Ohai guys :)
Hey everyone
Haio _Dark_Moon_
And haio Socks
So what's going on?
Dunno, I'm drawing :P
I only came back from gk training.. woah im wrecked
08,01mfw there's an Amanda Palmer song called Do You Swear To Tell The Truth, The Whole Truth, And Nothing But The Truth So Help Your Black Ass
lol
Long title is long
reflexes, diving, quick attacks, fitness, handling..
05hows that?
YAY urgh finally finished comission, finally can get back to bronystate XD
muy bueno
Wrek: woah Wrek.. very impressive.
Kurra: link? :D
I can't wait to see this pic when it's finished. :>
/me is very jelly of Wrek's talent
artist, not yet, I don't release things until I have permissions of my clients.
Does anyone know how to tell if a finger is broken :\
Socks: same here.....
Same here
okaydokay
/me must hip his horns to Wrek's artology.... o.o7
I wish I could draw or paint or something, all I can do is write stuff :(
Dem eyes
Socks: I can't write :<
Hi Kurra!
I can write, but not very well. >.>
_Dark_Moon_: Oh colt, what'd you do now, let me see it....
Sad 'tings
I do art but wrek's drawing.. it makes mine look like stick figures..
Gold_Demona: :D
I can do 3d stuff, but not living things, so no ponies :<
Diving around and it won't move anymore :(
/me ' drawing is stickfigures
Don't feel bad _Dark_Moon_ , just keep at it and growing in arts....
what you mean diving around?
I can vaguely edit sprites... ish
Im a goalkeeper, so i dive around the 6 yard box to save shots, you see.
but that's it :P
I landed on my finger
Oh oh, GOOD ON YA FOOTBALLER 8D!
And now it's all messed up..
/me YAAAAAY football! :D
:3
Im gonna be in FIFA 13 actually, in UCD team
Well if you can manipulate it and don't hear grinding or whatever....
UCD?
Under....?
University College Dublin
DUDE :o
Dudee what :3
Gold_Demona: That's not football :[
Don't you have a team medic? Ask them no? Maybe you injured a nerve, which maybe is why you can't move it?
Socks: I agree, but it has no other name. :P
It happens all the time
It is at best hand prolate sphereoid
I break it back into place and off i go
/me hijacks chat, makes it SportsMedistate
05i
05love
05this
05song
:P
05fuck dubstep
XD
05this is proper TECHNO!
08,01i like dubstep
I like both
Well techno is techno, and dubstep is dubstep
Injured a nerve.. wait wait wait
/me likes musicals
I miss 2001, when Paul Oakenfold was still the big techno guy. XD
If i can't bend it, or move it, did i break it?
I liek all music
_Dark_Moon_: That sounds like a breakage, get youself to a hospital
I nearly broke my neck goalkeeping before too.. injuries piling up >_>
Hospital .. hmm
05esportsa re better
Just see soeone with medical expertise, the internet doesn't count :P
05onyl damage you can ever get is carpel tunnel
08,01carpal tunnel sucks
I always break my thumb back into place and put the glove back on and continue
:\
05compared to broken bones, damaged nerves adn overal damage?
08,01especially when it stops you doing something you love and makes you choose a career in computer science instead of blasting out cello metal on a stage
08,01i mean, um
08,01yeah
08,01fuck carpal tunnel
05cello metal...
05awesome
Sad times
Im gonna continue my career next year
Pssh Wrek, go freediving, or underwater hockey... then tell me esports are better. |3 Rubbish. </jeremyclarkson>
Trialing for school team and continuing from der
08,01at some point, i'll have a musical career
and what about IT?
At some point, i'll be a famous goalkeeper/player :3
Esports and sports are completely different things, so stop comparing them.
/me will buy the PS3 football game with _Dark_Moon_ innit X3
Footballers (even bad ones who never play) still get payed 15,000 a week o.O
FiM taught me that you can pursue your dreams if you can put enough effort into it :D
yey kurra you'll get to play as mee :D
I don't even my dream :<
08,01hmm
08,01start work, or sit and listen to Amanda Palmer for the rest of this album?
I'm still here btw :D
/me will miss 10m goalkicks, he holds the B button waaay too long XD
the latter
Where i learn my skills in GK :
http://www.jbgoalkeeping.com/
08,01Amanda Palmer it is
Hiya
Hey RainbowAsh!
Hi MadSurge
Hi RainbowAsh
Also hi _Dark_Moon_
Ohai RainbowAsh ^-^
And hi Brovakiin|DINNER. Bon appetite.
So anyone do any sports :P
I used to play baseball
RainbowAsh: Thanks :D
until I broke my left wrist and can't hold a bat steady anymore ~
soulrider95: oh that sucks D:
Meh. I can still type so its k
Lol.
I was never very good anyways XD
I always play RB cause we have a GK already, so im going to go for GK'ing for school
cuz the current goalkeeper sucks i heard :P
O MY GAWD!
to sugery gum
wat
_Dark_Moon_: I do cx
Kurra: :3 now i have to wait a year :(
awr.
/me has a football, but can never get friends together even to just kick it back and forth
One of them silvery shiny ones, weighs a ton XD
All I do nowdays is play games and spend hours on art I'll just end up never finishing
NOOOOOOO!
05dat bass
I should make more tails.
Well, I'm gonna log for the day.
im back, sorry afk :3
Is anyone interested in ever wearing a pony tail?
See y'all tomorrow Bronystate
Bye Gold_Demona
hai
im hungry
My football is a Nike Maxima White :)
Sumica: gtfo head dick
wipergone2: dude he's a mod
I love goalkeeping but i've played most of my life in RB so it's a bit of a change
...
otakon: i know tht
-_-
anyway I think I'm off to play some vidya games
I'll bbl I think
wrek weres foo fighters and nirvana?
the lack of the disturbs me
Bye otakon
me thinks Skyrim
me think rape
RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAPE
wipergone2: you really want a banning dont' you?
artist: ...
its a joke
shh
yeah rape jokes are frowned upon here
Not a very good joke though :I
6_9
:|
also Wrek NICE
05hey wipergone2: got something against sumica eh?
no
Yea looks good so far
doesn't the office need a huge window in the back overlooking the flight yard though Wrek ?
Im confuuused
i have nothing against Sumica
05your previosu comment says otehrwise
Ohhh shieeett, we got some beefz
wipergone2: OOOoOOoOoOo
i got something against sumica
my face as i snuggle him!
oooooh, whatcha gonna do about that?
Lyra`: :D
wipergone2: That was uncalled for
welp hes gone
wait wut
wipe4d off here
wiped*
JRP2234|DooM: I see what you did there
https://i.chzbgr.com/maxW500/6884026112/hC4CAE96C/
wipergone2 then WHY did you called him ''gtfo, d***head?''.......oh i see, the answer is cheese
http://t3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTJu2nrIV8ysg0_JpysftKPSdD8csimKO21v3u24qdDoH3arHLJD8lX4eFMCQ
D'aww Lyra`
Kitty <3
(>0_0)> <(o_o)> <(0_0<)
thank you very much, i'll be here all week
Dark92Enigma: i wike cheese
wat AWWWWWW THE EMOTOCON MESSED UP MAH DANCE
05hes already dead and gone
Wrek: Exelent
Wiper banned?
05aye
05urk
reaaal quiet..
05these 256 layer limits is annoying me
05feel like codign a drawing progream?
05xD
I still think the drawing is friggin amazing
05srsly though i hate this limit
Wrek: i suck at programs like that so im just going to pretend i know wat u takin about k :)
week, can you build things like the wing, outfit, ext in another project and then nest the project into this one? that would reduce the layer level greatly
week = wrek
how many layers ya got left Wrek ?
I think he's nearly out of them
PIE!
:D Wrek put in an Applepiiiiiieeeeee
i baked you a pie :D
oh boy what flavour :O
05i know that the_real_pony_1604, but i dotn want to merge thigns i might want to edit later
PIE FLAVOR:|
*guitar solo*
you should be able to open the project and still edit it. granted it might be a little strange feeling.
MAN.... i missed my x-mas part caus im sick
cause*
Wrek: Can't you save some layers as a separate project before you merge them in the main one? Later on, you can edit them in the new project and replace the old merged layer in the main one.
epplepaj
ppelpaj
yes
dat detailed pie
all the way
back.. oooo detailed pie
http://iambrony.com/gif/24819
08,01Wrek: SAI isn't open source, is it?
05dont think so no :C
http://iambrony.steeph.tp-radio.de/mlp/gif/178324__UNOPT__safe_animated_scootaloo_image-macro_spoiler-s03e06_fourth-wall_sleepless-in-ponyville.gif
hey guys
I break 4th walls with my fist
Does GIMP have a layer limit?
08,01Wrek: you can always try OpenCanvas, GIMP, or Photoshop
08,01and there's also Corel Painter
05brb grabbin' dinner
art rage
Wrek: DINNER???? at 12:52
tigher1001, it's like 5 or 6pm for him
tigher1001 european time it's around 6 where Wrek's at
then again time zones
Wrek is UK?
Time zones are comfusing
swedish
Cuz he has same time as me
its about 7pm for him
I'm off for a bit. Bai
It's actually only around 6 :)
http://www.google.com/imgres?hl=en&sa=X&tbo=d&biw=1600&bih=799&tbm=isch&tbnid=kx2r40lp-IeIEM:&imgrefurl=http://gamegossip.com/forums/pc-gaming/107961-minecraft-post2188617.html&docid=BhKWJsn9rQ31xM&imgurl=http://arch.413chan.net/applejack_can%2527t_brain_today-(n1306543814354).jpg&w=600&h=524&ei=HFzPUJ75FIaS9QS-iIGIBg&zoom=1&iact=hc&vpx=580&vpy=120&dur=638&hovh=210&hovw=240&tx=173&ty=138&sig=114537019083786811517&page=1&tbnh=142&tbnw=162&start=0&n
Holy jesus that wall
_Dark_Moon_; well iam in germany and i think he got the same timezone then me
...did not know the link was that big<_<
tigher1001: Jesus man take it easy with link walls :)
tigher1001, lrn2derpy.me
for Luna's sake, derpy.me XD
_Dark_Moon_: honestly did not know it was that big...
tigher1001: my reaction to your link wall :D http://oyster.ignimgs.com/wordpress/www.ign.com/79/2011/09/neat-spiderman.gif
hi everyone
Hiya Snow :P
05back
http://www.funnyjunk.com/channel/ponytime/Babs+accualy+iz+dolan/yaajGln/
its awfully quit here.
wb Wrek
quiet*
cmc, no be afraid of dolan pls
Lel
_Dark_Moon_ pls
RustyMeat: pls
/me glomps Jmo
/me huggles Snow
Allo you
Hi Snow
/me glomps AssaultWithEmbraces
05pasta with pesto :D
/me gives Snow some cookies
/me looks blanky at a wall
tigher1001: what is with that duck?
derr
cookies! :O
Barbetos|PonyMan: dolan
/me noms on teh cookies
me can has cookies AssaultWithEmbraces :'(?
/me makes it rain cookies
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Wave 6 Blind Bags Popping Up at Various Wal-Marts
New Blind Bags? Oh shit
http://cdn.smosh.com/sites/default/files/bloguploads/spider-man-gif-party-dance.gif
LOL
tigher1001: you genius
Speccy pls.
Ooh, Nights is out on Steam
08,01SpeccyRush: these won't be out until next year
omg i dont know why but i keep laughing at this gif for no reason
jugemu wat u wan
http://derpy.me/9nOgG
Nothin' Speccy
<:
I have to go
Bye guys
Dat Gorillaz.
o u mugeju
http://cdn.smosh.com/sites/default/files/ftpuploads/bloguploads/restore-faith-humanity-dog.jpg
Bye _Dark_Moon_
bye _Dark_Moon_
http://cdn.smosh.com/sites/default/files/bloguploads/facebook-humanity.jpg
omg

I know its a bullshit story when I've read it years before facebook on another site.
i just anilated a last push on the cart thanks to my jarate
its nice nevertheless
Dat ppelpaj
ima go now guys seeya
moar fate in humanity!
seems upgrading from 1GB RAm to 2 GB RAM is noticable, its like working much better now owo
o_O
05Snow: what?
damn good picture
054gigs are like req standard nowadays
yeah, old model
it only has 2 slots for RAM
She has a shitty computer <:
true dat^
And blames it all on me.
nope
Pffft.
as long as it works im gappy
gappy
:)
You gappy Snowy?
im gappy Jmo xD
:P
I AM VERY GAPPY!
Wrek: i got a really old model, im happy it can run windows 7
0564 bit win7 has a minimum of 4
0532 bit cant utilize more than 4gb
Wrek: I've seen it run fine on 2
05minimum as in runs good
Most people don't need above 8
yeah, i have windows 7 32bit. seemed to work fine, but lately with all new procceses i needed to replace my ram. i had 2 500MB RAM cards
now i have 2 1GB ram cards
LOL
what speed are they snow?
uhm....
i would not know
they are secondhand
aight lol
I'd put more RAM in my laptop but I know that somehwere down the line I'll fuck something up
For a few years I ran XP on 248MB of memory XD
I just finished building my computer, won't need upgrades for a while
Not even 256, 248 XD
now to try and get a better graphic card
I went from a 10 year old xp machine with a single core and 128MB of RAM to a $1500 beast
(is working with a intel chip pack as an excuse as graphic card)
05whelp ive drawn for a while
05tiem for somethin else
aww, I just joined lol
Wrek: you play DotA 2 or League of Legends?
hmm LoL...
ew
05i dont like moba games
I prefer DotA 2 personally
im a spider im a spider im a spider im a spider
=p
/me burp, excuse me o.o
wait wut. RAGE has an update? what magic is this
Wrek: do you play borderlands 2 by any chance then? :p
05nope
Wrekky plz
wrek wat about doom?
05hmm
Metro 2033?
rage? wasnt that the completely overhyped post-apo game of which we never heard from again?
what about
Tokyo jungle?
I actually liked RAGE, and apparently there is DLC coming out this week >_>
XD
i vote for samurai jack. just sayin
Wrek: want a copy of Metro 2033?
05uh
05sure i guess...
I have an extra lol
isent that where all the house are just rail way tracks
Hey everypony
hi
bought the thq humble bundle, didnt you?
nope, I got the new one on amazon
Managed to get out of English after school detention, so if you ask how I feel, then the answer is amazing
05right nwo waiting for sai to save the file
Wrek you got a real good computer? Metro is really taxing
JamesNintendoNerd uploaded a video 9 minutes ago OMG
Metro isn't that demanding
05i can run ps2 at max settings running 50fps
lol you're good then hahaha
new avgn ep
yay
hey Wrek does sai have a autosave funtion?
what graphics card do you use?
Wrek: Presuming graphically? Pretty graphically demanding
I'll message you the steam key Wrek
05GTX580
SpeccyRush, nop.
GTX 8800 :3
05oki
Once I get $2,000 I'm building my own computer I
I have a 570 and a 550 running in physx
you dont even need that much
For 2 grand, you might as well buy a prebuilt one. Will last you longer
1k should be enough. 1,3 at most
LOl
Prebuilt
Newb.
GO AWAE
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Story Updates - December 17th
bully
I have a computer :)
the minimum you can spend on a GOOD gaming computer is around 800 USD
:P
05my new builts usually got for around 1600
05but i have hardware for 2200 actively in use
dude
2000, I think is the perfect number
To get everything running smoothly
Drew: Mine runs amazing and wasnt 2k
05smoothly has nothing to do with it :P
:I
05sure you get good harware
05but it wont run more smoothly
Well, it has to be able to record well
the gtx 580 starts at 240. that's money
my 570 is tri-slot and cost 300 :3
the thing weighs a ton
05cheap and runs pretty much as well as an I7
I have a AMD FX-8120 overclocked to 4.3 Ghz
never gets above 115F too
oh god what did i start o.o
I'm too much of a noob to know about this...I'll just find a video on youtube about building a gaming computer XD
05feck
05im currently memory locked due to sai taking ages to save
I'll just buy a computer.
Prebuilts are horrible for the price you pay IMHO
05cant close any programs :C
Or i'll just USE the computer I has :p
pre built computer have tiny bomb in them
they go off right when the warrenty is over
IEPC?
memory locked
Wrek's thrashing :p
it sounds as bad as being ddossed
Wrek: All 16 gig? ;o
05im only usign 8 gigs silly
Bad as DDOS?
lel
05sumi is the one with 16
Silly Snow.
I thought Sumi has 12?
lol 16 for most uses is overkill
no no
Also, it's serenity, not very_silly_filly ^^
32 gigs is ober kill
over*
No kill like overkill soulrider95
05point is
Drew: You need around that to run a server
05sai is lockign up my system
my friend has 64GB of ram, but he spent 5k on his system.....
Brb going to microwave some food
64 o.o
Wrek: what's the frequency on your CPU?
64GB of ram
64???Why? You only need 12 for gaming, max, and 16 for anything else
holy mother of
that's an academy record
/me dies
I just had to XD
OH MY GOD
Drew: There's some server PC's with like 256 gig of RAM
thanks you kind sir
dang
you made me laugh so hard i fell out of my chair
GAH silly internet card locked up again
Snow: Oh no, is the chair okay?
05dotn know on top of my head
05gotta wait for the comp to stop locking up
Serenity: yeah, it fine, i only broke some bones but the chair is fine :>
Woo, just bought Denpa men for my 3DS :>
05feck it ill jsut reboot the system
Serenity: just FYI
there is going to be a pokemon mystery dungeon for 3ds
o.o
O_O
Snow: Meh. Not a big fan of pokkymanz
fully 3d
but but
mystery dungeon!
D:
I love me headphones :D
so comfycozy
I have lego headphones
?
i has cookies
your arguments are invalid
Wrek wouldn't doing that lose your progress on the spitfire pic
Too late Speccy.
SpeccyRush: a tad bit too late
chat lagged on me
Your brain lagged.
:P
Jmo lagged
your face lagged ya chav
Jmo is rubberbanding all over the place
Speccy Pls.
Jmo pls
jugemu nu u
stop rubberbanding
its hard to shoot you now
05there we go
05btw you'll have to pm the key again
05ty
np
holy shait
Hai Guys c:
Heya Wubstep :)
Haio Wubstep and everyone else I didn't see coming in :p
suicidal chat
Hi all
hi
What are we watching ._.
slideshooooooooow!
suicidal chat eh?
JERONIMOOOOOOOOOO!
/me throws herself of a cliff
of a cliff
tsk
of a cliff
that is on a mountain
jaymooonioooo!
right into a ravine
now you try that
Into the middle of cp_ravine
of.
Serenity: i do that with Jarate
Snow: throwing jars of piss down ravines since 2012
aaaaaaaaaand into the revine
Throwing jars of piss at people since 2007.
Dat Simpson Look = Imma Love and Tolerate The Shit Outta You
08,01# so if i wanna sit here and write and drink wine, you can bed your black ass that i'm going to #
Snow: FFing up your buildings since 2012
i like trains
artist: Sheldon approves.
artist: I hate ducks
what does he approve?
trainlove?
Duckhate
I like Paintrains.
/me gets one thrown to the head
I hate yellow ducks
i love them
oh Wrek? can i add you on steam?
hate you
I hate *
I hate * too.
umm... Spyrorock, could you give me please permission to post in the dev section of spyroforum 
cx
steam big screen
i hate homework
05ill be honest
most superflpus thing they ever gave us pc users
05im loving it
O.O MIGHT AND MAGIC!
/me fangasm
but whyyyyyyyyy
05dunno
05i just do
im going to go eat now
Bon apptit.
05god i have so few games
tytyyyyyy
Ooh, finally, Big Picture on the stream
Wrek I know that feel
so few?
bye fyklings
i only has portal2 OMD2 BL2 and TF2
i see magicka :3
thats not many.
Earth 2160??
yes
nostalgia
SKYRIM
is Gekoncze your spyroforum username?
FAHK YUSH
dont starve
ermagerd
Wrek: no sound btw
earth 2150 was better though
on spyroforum I use Blako
done
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Drawfriend Stuff #657
thanks :)
05hmm
05no sound!?
were you watching yesterday's meth's live stream of spyro 3?
Maybe a stupid question, but what is your steam name Wrek?
05Wrek :p
11MB/s? And I thought, I had it good with 3,6
thought so XD
Wrek: are you that creepy soldier?
05sound fixed?
05aye
still no sound
no
now there is
05yey
05highest speed i can get rigth now is 20 though
05but thats casue the steam server is capped
Wrek Waiting for Metro to play it?
you got the friend request Wrek?
05i got a 100/100 line here so :|
I haz sound. Sure you haven't muted the stream?
yay =D
Never mind.
wierd
i have a picture on steam
download all the games
why isnt it showing on wrecks screen?
Hey, MadSurge
Wth, I was disconnected and reconnected immediately :D
damnit, if Metro is going to be played, I have to stop watching, don't want to spoil myself >.>
MadSurge: Magic *Snort**snort*
I got chineese
hello erryone
how are things Miss_Rarity
they are going awesome
trying to draw Lightning Dust, but failing
Miss_Rarity: keep on practicing! :)
but her mane is so mregh
its like an armadillo
/me slaps DashWithRainbows around a bit with a large trout
Yo wassup suckas
._.
Hi Hoody|Skool
so, Lighning Dust was lead pony? Looks like Rainbow... eats her dust
ok
that didnt work
No it didn't.
Five bucks says they completely drop continuity next ep and forget this ever happened
That was bad and you should feel bad.
/me Assaults AssaultWithEmbraces with embraces
WONDERBOLT ACCADEMY? WASSAT?
/me huggles Hoody|Skool
<_<
I shouldnt make jokes.
Im trying to be Tina Fey again.
So yeah, I think I might be in a relationship with a nazi furry goth chick ._.
Good for you.
oh.
well
have fun
Yo
im sure those things go wonderful together
I am less sleepy than I was earlier today.
What are we playing here? Crysis?
Metro 33 I think
Nah, It wouldn't be Crysis.
Its metro 2033
ok
have rock farm jokes got old yet?
i feel like they have
Oh dis game <3
I saw an illegal key for that game got posted onto one of the steam groups I was in...
I wish I had this...
I am going to do some research real quick. I wanna know what engine this uses
dayum
it has its own custom engine, 4A Engine
oooh, metro 2033
Wrek: Replaced the Baestuhd guhn already?
hmmmnn...
laffy taffy tastes like crap
this engine is beast
Wrek shoot something
sonicdude558, but is the game fun?
/me is confused
It is a fun game
its like a linear fallout in russia
/me sonicdude558 hurt himself in his confusion!
Is it better than halo?
P
:P
its different
dayum
05the guns feel very weird
Nice desktop Wrek
Wrek: the default FoV is really low
and you can't change the FoV in game :<
oh well. I am going to play some TF2, my mom has been gone since 10
Bye guys
sonicdude558: TEE EF TOOOOO
bye sonicdude558
Have fun
nice username change MLP_Brovakiin
gsrfeawdsdfd
sonicdude558: Sorry, I ballsed up when typing in the password so I made a new one to use for a second :P
sound could've been mastered b
etter
for realsies, bye.
oh hai
laters all. :/ *sighs, so much life stuff*
pretty good
bye Kurra :(
bye sonicdude558
dat scared me
that sudden dun dun duuuun
The sequel to this game comes out next year btw
i just want to start
a flame in your heaaaaart
wo the hell was the sound engineer of tat game?
he must'v ebeen high
so. much. NOISE
metro 2033?
yup
yep
thanks =]
"if you can see it, you can kill it!"
armory upstairs btw
what game is this?
metro 2033
dat revolver
its right by the guy who told you to get a gun :<
bestyrd gawn
PRESERNTS!
infinite ammo at range
oh yea, this game was free...
/me hums softly to hisself
and so was duke nukem 3d atomic edition
Actually I had an extra copy from all the THQ bundels recently XD
i shall take Hoody|Skool_ to bed
Bronysith: I'm not tired ._.
Hoody|Skool: who said we are sleeping?
But, thats what beds are for
/me parachutes into the chat
hiya
Ohai Kipkat07_Scarf
/me shoots down Kipkat07_Scarf
/me tackles Kipkat07_Scarf
SAFE!
nazis?
Nazi furry goths
oh yeah this game has communists and nazis
oh god... what is this?
reds and nazis. and this game wants to tell us it takes place in 2033
Dat laugh
mmmmm murder
well its after a bomb fell in like the 80's
technically
quiet you
HALP! My headphones only play sound in my right ear
:'(
/me takes Kipkat07_Scarf s left ear
:O
mah ear ;~;
oh shit
FUUUUUU
lolwut
did I mention it is survival horror? :<
soulrider95, ah
SLENDER
slender man?
hi everyone :)
how are things Lil_B
what is wrek playing? ... wait... he's also talking :D
metro 2033
ahhh
lol... just looked at this Game today at MediaMarkt
O_O
but I boufght it in the THQ Humble Bundle
mainly because Soundtracks though, and a lot of Good Games for just 6 $
Lil_B!
they snitched the other two
Heya Lil_B :)
Hows it going kid
and thanks alexxm , things are fine :)
*snatched
hi Hoody|Skool and MLP_Brovakiin :)
oh wait, he's still there
dedded
wait... Big_B ?
XD
Loved that
"It was hot i need a drink"
Wrek: its less linear later on :<
who called me?
Big_B me... xD
xD
air. wont find any othe rbooze like that shit
LIEK CABBAGE
lol, there was nothimng in that Glass xD
Snow, come to my town, I don't like skool
i dont wanna
lol at english kid trying to emulate russian accent
You use ammo for currency?
Interesting
yup
only the military grade ammo
Why does a kid want ammo anyway?
the cheap russian ammo is only for shooting >:D
YokusaHHart: So he can shoot shit
Why else do you need ammo?
they pulled that bait shit in skyrim too
2 Tables at the Table... only one is scripted for you to sit on... Hwy have the other one than there anyway?!
that's his payment?
one lousy smg mag=
IN THIS GAME, military grade ammo is used as currency
I'm guessing Ammo is currency?
Yes it is
ITS A TRAP
doestn seem to be much ammo in the future
*there
WAZZZUP
on the hardest difficulty ammo pickups give you like 1-3 bullets XD
ooh deus ex
oh wait no, metro?
Lil_B: not if you ask fallout^^
this game is awesome
shame the sequel might not see the light of day
Chrysalis: It will be, they are taking pre-orders
Dark_Horst well, Fallout seems te be build up again after "The Fallout" to have some Weapon and Bullet Manufactoys :P
only one i know of is pittsburg
aka the pitt
take the Shrooms
all the other bullets you literally find on the streets
:O dat noise...
not got the rail gun?
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Animation: September
lol chrysalis its chapter 2, he isnt far
September?
ahh
fair enough
marble rifle?
have they lost their marbles?
You know... a Pressure Gun that just Shoots Stone-Bullets at a high Valocity may would be usefull here :/
Wrek: you have to recharge your flashlight occasionally.....
and that aqueaking door didnt?
xD
soulrider95 i do like that little feature
I just wish wrek knew that >:(
he probably does
"You're in my Way Sir"
but who needs light
DAMN YOU BILL GATES!!!!
my computer crashed
Kipkat07_Scarf then thats your fault
... Bill doesn't have anything to do with that xD
no, because bill gates is a cockwaffle
the guy who gives millions to charity
releases god knows how much software for free
I don't know... donating over 40Billion to Charity seemed nice :/
but is worth trillions
00,10cool gun
oh hai Sumica
boom
russian soldier
"wanker"
hello Sumica
dem stock sound effects
Id be using linux but I dont have the stuff I do on windows currently
00,10ohhi
Greetings
Wrekky plz look at chat
the Cutting and hitting noises kinda sound like I've heard them in other games XD
00,10so this is metro
Ohai Sumica
Sumica yup
Sumica no, this is Patrik
quick look down
ded
they can't see you if you look down
Chrysalis really?
of course
: |
:P
What's everyone up to?
Sugar_Flanks: procastinating
killing some time and hanging around on Bronysstate :/
WREKKY plz read chat :<
Minecraft :P
YokusaHHart: Sounds like a plan
ooh wreks playin with BigScreen
so Im going to have to destroy tons of stuff on my hard disk -.-
why
Kipkat07_Scarf: The FBI's not coming to your house are they?
i gtg everyone
cya
Bye Snow :)
Bye Snow
00,10remember use fire, tey can still recover some data if you ues magnets
cya Snow
/me has stopped falling in bronystate
because Im near positive I have a fuckin virus. I never got my antivirus updated
Dat livstid i krig :3
Sumica or just use a free-ware data removal tool
Can you system restore it to before you think you had a virus?
00,10takes too long
that way you keep the drive
Sugar_Flanks if you kept backups
Welcome back :3
00,10they can abbort the data wipe
heres a hint
I could use system restore but I dont want to have to reinstall Linux and all my steam games
dont keep crap like that on a pc
Kipkat07_Scarf: Gotcha
wanna destroy data? smash hdd with a sledgehammer, burn the rest, dump in river
and my mom would fucking kill me
Kipkat07_Scarf you dont need to
only way to be sure
steam is portable
Kipkat07_Scarf, so it's just a virus and not an FBI raid?
00,10oh I thought we were talking about a panic button
00,10not just simple virus removal
i have no idea what we're talking about
yo momma
i just read about magnets and thats the first thing i though of^^
Wrek, I was waiting for someone to start streaming Big Picture.
So thank you
Kandarihu its just an interface
Chrysalis, but it's a nice front-end.
I have done desperation HDD wipes before. I once destroyed my entire Windows account because my uncle was coming over and was going to stumble upon my pony folder
so?
00,10big picture would not show up on stream
Kandarihu: why were you waiting? it was in a steam update
everyone got it
front ends dont do anything
anyone else have a black screen?
Yeah....
I've heard a nice Story about somone who doenloaded Movies and just sold them for a few Bucks on DVD, and the day the Police came to his House, he Slipped a Slim Sheed of Metal out of his PC, which caused a small amount of higly concentrated Acid to ruin his HD enough to not proof his Guild xD
Kipkat07_Scarf: that i'd call paranoid
00,10hmmm, I see only darkness
Kipkat07_Scarf how bout oh i dont know
Dark_Horst: it was
a password
Wrek: it isnt capturing the game
or an encrypted folder
you know, something easy
00,10wrek, geting sound only
Lets play radio
Chrysalis: I tried to encrypt my folder and passlock it but my version of windows wont let me >_<
00,10dxcap is not locked on to game any more
and yeah, normal Full Disk Swipes that don't just remove the Pointers, but really just 0's everything is enough for modern drives, the... whatever methof it was that requered 32 wipes is redundend
Kipkat07_Scarf thats what external programs are fore
00,10yeah if you have write to zero programs
I dont think wrek can see/hear us
00,10it works jsut fine
Lil_B you can get programs which overwrite it with random bits several times
clears all the magnetic memory
Kipkat07_Scarf: try something like TrueCrypt?
though its a bad idea usually
Chrysalis: I tried looking but I couldn t find free ones
generally recovery is only ever a good thing
if you have stuff you want hidden that badly
don't have it
Chrysalis yeah, there are a lot that can do it, I'd probably use CCleaner because I know that they don't have any hidden Spyware or other unneccesary Stuff in there
or store it remotely
Become a Bronystate Goldmember today , never get capturedrops again!
00,10hmmmmm, it's dooing it again
I didn't know this game would be so finnicky :<
TrixieMuffin shhhh your not supposed to tell people about gold
00,10you could force a windoeed mode wrek
/me sneaks into chat >.>
only ever silver
my ex-cop asshole said he was going to quote: "put spyware on my computer so he could see what Im doing". A.) spyware doesnt always do that B.) Thats fuckin illegal
Premium > Gold
Oh , I can see so much better now. >_>
Kipkat07_Scarf: tell him he's an idiot
:O
I wanted too
00,10looks like it wrek
Metro 2033 :O
TrixieMuffin yeah, thanks to the Gold-Membership , I can see in 1080p HD even though my connection wouldn't support it
"Yeahyeahyeahyeah" :D
ohai MadSurge :)
Ohai Lil_B and MadSurge :)
:P
Lil_B: I was here all along :D
hello.
ohai thar thelonepony !
Heya thelonepony and jelonheoh :)
Hi MLP_Brovakiin :3
/me glomps noms MLP_Brovakiin :3
what game is this?
metro 2033
00,10metro 2033
i thought it looked familiar.
too slow, sumica. too slow
/me glomps thelonepony :D
00,10I just work up
dont you mean "woke"?
Oh god.... I just realized some things that I REALLY shouldve removed a long time ago... Things that would ruin my reputation with my friends & family... O__O
00,10perhaps
Kipkat07_Scarf: Porn? :P
there's a secret: dont let other people use your computer
easy
my oc is just that. mine
nobody gets to fuck with it
thelonepony: worse O__O
*PC
D:
Kipkat07_Scarf assassination Plans?
I would love to have my PC to myself but I have to share my computer with my mom
Hello my baby, hello my honey
Lil_B: Worse
Kipkat07_Scarf: seperate accounts. windows can do that
Kipkat07_Scarf Ponies?
you have yours, she has heers, both have a password
MadSurge: Hello my ragtime gal~
I had that but my douchewaffle uncle put parental controls on it so I just erased the account
thelonepony you'r Ragtime Gal, and my Honky-Tonk-Woman... wait what?
Lil_B: In that catagory
thelonepony: ah, old timey music
My parents tried to put parental controls on my computer once
MadSurge: much better than the now musid :I
I took them off in 5 minutes
music*
sound is off.
thelonepony: streamline music, you mean. Good music must be found nowadays
Dat accent
MadSurge: eeyup
so far it is
Yes it's working Wrek
I recently found a Godlike Ragtime Player... I mean, he plays AWESOME Ragtime Versions of Songs
00,10dont be playen hero boy
hai guysh
Giant mutant Wererats?
/me is hungry but cant eat
dashoftheraibow: you're missing the n on rainbow
:>
00,10Some day i should teachy the wrek how to make a game go windoed.
/me and hit me like a ton a lead
*led
or w/e
*facehoof* i hate my spelling sometimes
00,10many games that dont have it as an option can still be done
dashoftheraibow: you /nick to change it if you want that is
thanks
you're welcome
:3
FUCK. I want to delete a folder but it says that "Destination Folder Access Denied" :[
wat do
oh crap, i forgot about my doom 2 playthrough. hmm...to record or not to record?
that is the question at hand
There are already giant sewer wererats... I don't see how this could get too much worse.
Kipkat07_Scarf: make sure you're logged in with administrator rights
this game reminds me of fallout
Im on the only accont
*account
its already admin
DUN DUN DU NNNNNNNNN
its like the mix of fallout/fear/doom
noppe
not fallout
you know
fallout would require it to be open world
radiation and stuff
mutants
i mean the style of the weapons reminds me of fallout
00,10pump action flash light
stalker had all that too
fear scared the living :P out of me the first time
and nothing to do with fallout
The gun is HAUNTED!!!!
hey folks
hi triple
what is this :>?
drugs
Metro 2033
metro 2033
oh
dark_horst claims the name is drugs lol
00,10fear was not that good a game for me. my sound channles were backwards
name of it? no it is drugs :3
/me BREATHING LOUDLY
00,10I never looked the right way when I heard sounds
Stallion_of_War: go and try breathe in a gas mask
its never turn the right way after hearing sounds
:>
those damn sever wolf thingies
roaring all the time
BRB
wait i meant to say
its never the right thing to turn the way you hear the creepy sounds
Solution: Use a gun; and if that doesn't work, use more gun
nope.avi
and if thats doesnt work ... run
what if run doesnt work either?
and if that doesnt work ... SPY SAPPIN MAH STUFF
here is your answer
more gun always works
but then
suddently
UBERCHARGE MOTHERFUCKER
only solution for ubered demo is running
that vuy laughs like me
*guy
I need to get new headsets :'( my left ear sound doesnt work
i'm really starting to liek the setting odf this
if onyl the sound mastering woudnt be so fucking horrible
revolver rifle?
thes epeople seem to really like revolvers
i think the shop guy is heavy from tf2
FER BAYBEYZ
every sentence ends with babies
is russian
has awesome guns
but he is not fat :<
heavy*
i dont want to be offensive :3
conversations have WAY too much range
well they are in a dark cramped tunnel
you hear folks who are like at the other end of the damn station
what do you expect....
soulrider95: irl you'd have to scream to be that audible
and they are russian, they talk loud :<
it was especially noticable at the first station
cramped or not, you dont hear people through three walls
im back :P
Lets not argue the realism of a game with mutants :3
I think it might be a bug, I don't remember it being like that in other playthroughsI've seen
careful? wat
but yeah this game is great :)
seems linear thoug so far
hope that changes
well its suppose to be linear
sorry to be mean but.... his AK sucks
whats this game called
jcelios: i never seen, played, even heard of this game :3
Metro 2033
its Metro 2033
thanks
its trying to tell a story, not create a sandbox
or not
it's got that distinct russian bleakness unique to classic russian literature
the game is based on a russian book of the same name
ah that makes sense!
lol
see? that's why linear elvel design sucks
:I
oh mai gawd this gaim is laik K.O.D and it suck
:l
Not every game can be open world :<
I don't think linear vs non-linear game design is as simple as one sucks and the other doesn't :I
This one is more about telling a story of human survival in a wasteland, and creating that atmostphere.
he problem is that this is extreemely linear
games CAN be linear if they give you certianf reedoms
its not THAT linear.....
like human revolutio
n
I've played much more linear games
AHHHHHHHHH
god im tired... ill be back, later
it didnt let him jumpo a gap that would have been in jumping range
Bye dashoftherainbow
that is a flaw in level design
wanted or not
yes, but if it was TOO free, then how would they tell the story?
possibily, that doens't only happen in linear design though
well
soulrider95: ask fallout. or skyrim. they manage
Dont get me started on bethesda games
soulrider95: or deus ex human revolution
Skryim is the most boring PoS game I've played in a while
invisible walls and unjumpable gaps etc. there a symtom of a broader problem in game design
"sandbox" like Far Cry 3 does not let you go to the second island until yo do all the missions
soulrider95: well, play the Morrowind or Oblivion then
Skyrim is just bland
soulrider95: pos?
oblivion has the same problem
piece of shit Dark_Horst
morrowind is horrible antiquated
Pony on Stream
http://i.imgur.com/i2J4Q.jpg
you people have obviously no idea about games
fallout is just a better overall series than elder scrolls
Wrek: you need to change your filter
but skyrim is still good
fallout is elder scrolls with guns
it's exactly the same. they even use the same engine
well considering fallout came before elder scrolls, you are wrong
they should add an option to this game as a DLC that would let you turn off the breathing noise
oh and the gamebryo engine that bethseda uses is just horrible
appearantly you have never touched falliut 3 or new vegas
WREK YOU NEED TO CHANGE YOUR MASK FILTER
Dark_Horst: im talking about the originals
Bronysith: we're not
dem QTEs
pretty hard to talk about the fallout series as a whole in terms of game design specifics considering the difference between the first and second vs the third etc.
Dark_Horst: well when you say fallout, you are referencing fallout 1
FO2 is best fallout
say fallout 3 or new veags
new vegas is far surperior to fallout 3
Bronysith: nope
because new vegas was written by obsidian
i love fallout 3 mostly because of Galaxy News Radio
Bronysith: it has different strengths
its bnot superior
it has better gameplay
The writing is better in new vegas
new vegas has better gameplay elements, fallout 3 managed to capture the athmosphere way better
yes
but i came to play a game
the story is better in NV but radio is WAY better in 3
not stare at a picture
that doesnt make it surerior by default
athmosphere is vital to every game
tetris?
not as important as the actual FUCKING GAMEPLAY
and ther i though we were talking about the last two centuries
11,02Sleepies tiem is over \:D/
3 and NV have bassicly the same gameplay
SuperBrony64: Yay :D
but 3 has THREEEE DAWWWGGGG
/me gives SuperBrony64 a cookie :3
thats why it wins
00,10Superlazy64
I'm serious, batman carries a sample of kyptonite around with him
/me noms on the cookie :3c
he's ALWAYS prepared
and would totally win
11,02I not lazy ;3;
what are you guys doing ? :)
Bronysith: then again the tiny gameplay improvements new vegas had werent by far enough to outweigh the half assed western setting they used for it
haha
watching other guys play Breathing Simulator 2012
arguing which superhero could beat which in a fight (aka which videogames are "Better" then each other)
nice :)
when i played vegas, i didnt quite feel like playing fallout. that's what 3 did way better
so is like STALKER
wasting ammo like a BAWS
STALKER is like this game but almost completely open world
5/6 bullets in the air
however the story isnt good
*isnt as good
you are so screwed lol
11,02I'm on hold with the Apple Store to see if they have Apple Pies in stock O3O
i didnt know radiation can gut you like that
water op
mmmmm I <3 Apple Pie
11,02...three calls ahead of me...people must like their apple pies as well...
11,02This is what happens when you give Applejack all your business
meep
11,02jcelios: i liek dem too :3c
wow
lol
wat?
but are ones apple sells totally white?
I have NEVER seen that before
here ya go
He fell out of the map
lever design
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Comic: A Derpy Date / Forgiveness / At Least Trixie didn't... / Magic Quick Draw / Tic Tac Derp
Lol
SPLOITS
Wrek accidently the game
@Thelonepony no shit sherlock
Kazur: okay, you don't have to add the @ part
pendejo
:>
XD
here I thought this was twitter :o
11,02jcelios: They pick their zap Apples earlier
can this guy stop flippin breathing
wait what
that would kill him
i suck
Kazur: have you ever tried breathing in a gas mask?
I just saw the most horrible youtube comment on the fresh prince of bel-air theme song.
well nope
it'S hard
SuperBrony64: huh, what about 'merika?
Kipkat07_Scarf: what did it say?
00,10so gasmask are just for looks then eh?
00,10not replacing the filter just makes it anoying
withoutn the gas mask, the surface air kills him
11,02jcelios: DEY TUK R JERBS
radiated dust and shit
D:
SuperBrony64: hehehe
I'm canadian XD
oh not this moment
uh I mean USA USA USA!
that'S a TOILET
00,10yeah I get that but just seems his breathing gets louder he dont seem to suffer
/me noms on Kipkat07_Scarf
pick up ammo on walking over?
you not got the body searching thing on?
/me purrs
after about 5-10m it will kill you
if you dont the filter
Sumica: i'm guessing that at some point the filter stops working. but we have yet to see that
wrek changes filter regularly
stream derping for anyone else?
yep
same here
05the game derped
also I just realized why we don't have a Herpy Hooves :o
05think it took stream with it
Bye everyone, see you all tomorrow!
Bye Lil_B :)
see ya :3
Bye Lil_B :)
05i am actualyl lovign pib picture
05i have no idea why
05i jsut do :o
/me hugs thelonepony Kazur and MLP_Brovakiin :)
I'm watching!
05stream back up?
teehee
05:D
yep
Ahhh swedish :D
noms
eeyup
lol
russians also.... are bad at programing XD
anyone played the original stalker when it first came out?
sweet new Gforce drivers
00,10skype btw wrek
howdy everypony :$
how are things Michael
/me hugs alexxm
alexxm: very good :3, and you?
/me backflips in
i'm good Michael
STALKER, Metro 2033, Cryostasis, all good bleak russian games, all pretty buggy XD
Heya Michael and Ponies47 :)
Hi Michael and Ponies47 :)
/me hugs MLP_Brovakiin, thelonepony
/me hugs Michael back :)
and Wb Ponies47 !
Is this text adventues?
North
nvm
East
Lookat Book
I could never beat the hitch hiker's guide text adventure :(
dat breath makes me nervous :|
jcelios i don't think anyone could
alexxm: what about Jesus?
Do I hear a challenge?
game derped again? :/
:p
yup
:P
rebooting :)
reshoeing
why are pony ears so cute ;)
up and down
because ponies :3
gtg, cya
bye
:(
Sup gaiz
nmu
hai Mike
updated graphics drivers ~
Michael: ARE YOU ME?
Mike: i think not
but how could you tell?
jcelios: because ponies
with enough DMT anything is possible!
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
jcelios: LSD is where it's at, brah
http://i.imgur.com/ydvRj.jpg
true story
thelonepony: lag is worst enemy
my flat stinks...
I blame the government
thelonepony: No, not really, it's the fact some kids are more violent than others.
note to self: terrys chocolate orange makes a really smelly rocky road
D:
does it taste good?
its still setting
but the mix is delicious
:)
Mike: Kids like 8 faking years old that is able to get of hold of the M rated games that troubles me :I
by god i love living on my own somtimes
that are*
Chrysalis_: Is there a reason for yu doing this?
thelonepony: Use the Chancla! :D
Mike because i can
MLP_Brovakiin: oh hell yes >:I
thelonepony: kids playing M rated games equals to incompetent parents
/me grabs the chancla
:3
also, office is having a bake off
and by bakeoff
everyone make something unhealthy and we all get fat day
Michael: More like idiots that cant Controll their own children :I
thelonepony: yeah, that's also true :(
Mike: yeah, but there always excemptions, like you
Chrysalis: Ever had homemade strawberry shortcake?
My parents didnt let me play M rated games till I wrote a 2 page paper on the difference between games and real life
Mike yup
I need to play something, but which game should i play? ;_;
im quite a good baker
soulrider95: A+ for parenting
thelonepony: All of them :3
Mike: My parents may be annoying, but they know what they are doing :D
MLP_Brovakiin: but that would brake my xbox ;3;
thelonepony: what kind of games u liek?
Chrysalis: Hell, I'll eat Angel Food cake like bread.
Michael: Mostly shooters, but i love rpg games
soulrider95: Lawl
thelonepony: My bad :$
thelonepony: for FPS you can try PS2 (if u dont have it)
silly MLP_Brovakiin
:3
Michael: My PC sucks >:I
:3
thelonepony: fallout 3?
CS
Day of Defeat
i dunno
Quake 1
Michael: have it, bored of playing that game =w=
Doom
Michael: dont have it
;_;
the lold battlefield
*old
I personally prefer immersive games with a plot. Plot better than 'here are terrorists. Kill them.' I like fantasy, RPG, RTS, roguelikes, and more.
Michael: I have Bad Company
darn
Although BattleField 3 is immersive enough and realistic enough for me to forgive the cliche plot.
is it weird that I have trouble keeping track of my own age +/- 1.5 years?
nope
I cant remember my age when i was in 6 grade
jcelios: ME and my family are utter schiese when it comes to ages.
it happens
05silly comp
Hi wrek
Wb Wrek :)
ello
Ohai Major >:3
hey Major !
Ohai Major
Major ; hi
shit
MLP_Brovakiin ahem....
there we go :3
Major: Sorry :3
wat
heya Wrek
thelonepony|ORC: How do you set that partZ?
hey
Mike: PC or laptop?
becuase i'm using laptop atm
thelonepony|ORC: LAptop
brb
Mike: you see the button beneath the backspace? use shift and press that button
Hmmmm
Mike|Dragoon: it will tell people what you are doing atm
:3
| isn't this called like Pipe or something
jcelios: not sure tbh
Thel
jcelios: yes, in linux
thelonepony|ORC: I just changed my name to it, how do I get it to work?
Mike|Dragoon: wut? no, it tells people what you are doing
it doesnt do anything sillieh
:P
wat
well
I'mma go play BF3, anyone wanna join me on XBox?
BF3 XBL? wtf no
yes
it works
pm me with GT then
XylemTube: Not sure if PS3 lover or PC master race.
ewwwww console BF3
Afternoon everyone
Hi everyone, what's going on
such a low player count
Sup.
soulrider95: I'm too poor for a good comp.
hey _Dark_Moon_ !
Hey micheal
so what is wrek doing?
it seems like checking big picture mode on steam
Woooah.. he has alot of games..
not really
I'd say he has less then most people
In my standards he has :)
05yeah my steam library is small
i just play FIFA and TF2 on my PC
Old people in their tv.
05most my games are on my shelf
It makes me want to scream.
more games then i have on there
lol
I talked to this guy just now for 30 minutes trying to set up his parental controls.
He locked himself out completel.
ITS MAH FAULT TOO
lolo
I like to buy the games really, like have the disks
/me runs int oa wall and dies
He shoulld play Bioshock
:D thats great
Sumica! :)
Atleast he won't see the porn that he wanted to block now
He has Bronysith on there.
05so much friends >_>
Thats a good bright side
lol
u so popular
all the friends :3
Deus Ex 1 = my favorite game
dabi bot fail
dat bot fail
I think you accidentally a link
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Comic: A Derpy Date / Forgiveness / At Least Trixie didn't... / Magic Quick Draw / Tic Tac Derp
suddenly 8-bit
well shit
that went downhill quickly
this is SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO FUCKED UP
apparently the next Simcity title is gonna have the always online drm
OH SHIT
Guys what's happening
EVERSION <3
Oh, you got the Steam version? The title screen is kind of a spoiler.
whats eversion about
(\,_'/) how wurk makes me feel wright naow.
alexxm: u will see
alexxm: it's a secret, see it
Alright. That's looking right
lol
creepy game
what project were you working on?
mario
Eversion!
It's a nice little platformer. There's a princess that needs saving.
^
a database of anythig
*anything
Oh god... Eversion
I just did phones because it was the first thing I thought of
alexxm, it doesn't look creepy to you, does it?
Now just one more test tomorrow and I'm done
not yet
more of a paper than a test...
No hell has prepared you for the dystopia that this game had drug itself out of
ded
ooopsie
And standing on the right spot you can "evert" and change a few things to get gems better or make new platforms
Enter the matrix
I didn't do anything productive all day :) - entire jobsite was a mudfield, we were going to pull wire, but we lacked the rope for the main parking lot light lines
I've been editing and editing
We went mudding instead :D
good
READY
i was born ready
Watch Wrek overshoot jumps and fall into pits! :D
I seriously don't get what wrek is playing at all.. it looks like mario :P
_Dark_Moon_: Eversion
Eversion.. hm
co worker Ryan, was almost thrown out of the back of his buddies truck, he was trying to do doughnuts in the watery parts
are the seasons changing or something?
_Dark_Moon_: me neither but Im sure the design process included taking drugs.
eep!
You missed gems!
I'm going to miss days like this when I move :)
I hack lifee
the Doom(TM) is coming!
Ruuuuuuun it's Yog-sototh!
thank you EQD for this useful information :D
I see a little line of trajectory when a player shoots the ball to see exactly where the ball is when shot.. im magical
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Comic: A Derpy Date / Forgiveness / At Least Trixie didn't... / Magic Quick Draw / Tic Tac Derp
jcelios: thats his bot
you are talking to a bot ya know
jcelios: don't argue with daribot
I know!
jcelios: its not him posting it, its automated, whenever the eqd staff posts it it appears here.
damn it I know it's a bot!
EQD derped probably
brb
As per usual :p
^
OH NO THE BOT IS SELF AWARE!!! RUN
silly people thinking I can't just talk to a bot!
E
so whats so scary aboiut this game
the existential dread it creates
be patient alexxm
alexxm: have some patience man
ok sorry
I don't see dread. infact i think this game looks fun
just wait
when you least expect it
The Nothing from the Neverending STory will come and get you!
Lemme guess it's gonna turn into some creepypaqsta or something
creepypasta*
/me has decided that his OC will be a panda, becuase he's cool like that.
_Dark_Moon_: not really
BOOO
I need to get a pony with adidas predator gloves on him so he'll be baws
woah df
this game is freaky.
Welcome to Eversion gents!
Anger: u thinks tht fucked up
The real game starts at level four
Ergo this
This game is my dreams.
this is my dreams http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-U24K-RnDCas/T3KiWEa478I/AAAAAAAAAQY/CyEUYbu1N2o/s1600/The-NeverEnding-Story-the-neverending-story-690128_720_545.jpg
hold on, lemme find my dream
Mario, what happened to you?
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Music: Hearthswarming / Guardian of Dreams / I Can't Stop Referencing Pony (DongleKumquat Remix)
why is it only the hand that hurts you
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m39aiivACi1rui2o1o1_250.gif
Look at the hand
JUST LOOK AT IT
D:
World 4 looks nicer.. better than 3
_Dark_Moon_: Cocaine is a hellavu drug
thelonepony|ORC: True that
StinkomanFan: Lyra approves
Lyra does cocaine? :<
o
protip this is cocaine in a nutshell
Welp
look at the score.
wtf
It's gone mad
What was the origin of Lyra being obsessed with hands anyways?
john madden
score is doing cocaine
Alchemist: one of the background artists had her sit like a human on a bench, in the fandom this evolved into the idea of her wanting to be human
Eeryup, episode Dragonshy
Wrek missed some gems :(
jcelios: oh, I thought it had different roots than the sitting on the bench :D
nope, it all comes down to tha! :P
lyra + humans = bench
I made a comic about it too.
damn it.
Wrek: you gotta restart the level :(
Someone hacked my google
that is maths there
alexxm, what do you think now?
_Dark_Moon_: was it the chinese?
damn
jcelios: dunno..
wtf
mother :D
floof \:3/
hands
I love floof
blood
STOP
stop
nope.avi
GAME
Ready! TO DIE
http://fav.me/d5mgme5
WAHT AR U DOIN'
Binding of Isaac is creepier than this.
GAME. STAHP
Alchemist: true
what the buck is this?!
kidzrul732: Eversion
so whats the story behind this
alexxm: there is a story behind this?
alexxm, A PRINCESS IS KIDNAPPED, GO SAVE HER
CountDoofus: XD
I feel like my drugs are on drugs
CountDoofus: I likes it
jcelios: thankee :$
this would be the point that i rage quit
is wrek playing a dopefish?
MOTHER
CountDoofus: is that a wooden toaster recolor?
Shizuka! <3
Shizuka, please put some colors on.
READY
READY! to die XD
TO DIE
READY! to die
lol
jcelios: nah, an OC of a friend of mine. He's credited in the description.
GAME OVER
wtf
I SEE YOU
o_O
stahp
STOP
I SEE U
stahp
No Wrek, now you'll get the... sorry, spoilers
oh god heart beats in the background sound shit got real.
lavender town?
StinkomanFan, it doesn't matter. He has to get the normal ending anyway before he can get the true ending.
And that's even true if he gets all the gems.
i do not get it..
Shizuka: Eversion. The game starts all nice and cuddly and gradually becomes scarier
05OH COME ON
Shizuka: also you can "evert" the world in certain spots to change some things in the levels
rage quit?
um... what am i watching? O_o
salty365, Eversion
intresting...
/me is back
XD
00,10da fak is dis
Sumica: Eversion
eversion
wut
00,10I seem to recall more 3d and guns
00,10oh wait that is inversion
I think that's INVERSION
ha
Sumica: hi
Eversion
hahah
lol
blocks r |:
Sumica, well he WAS playing Metro 2033 earlier. Have you and Shizuka really never heard of Eversion before?
this guy has the worst luck
nope
00,10nope
Sumica: hey
00,10hi
still think wrek is controlling a dopefish
head dick
Shizuka: it's lovecraft lite for gaming hipsters :D
wipergone2, weren't you banned?
Shizuka, I'm pretty sure that's a flower. A male flower.
Sumica: do u mind if i called u head dick?
00,10yes
Lol what is with the insults on sumica wiper :L
not sure what is going on
11,02o3o
hey SuperBrony64 !
11,02Hai :D
1 hour later
^
hi SuperBrony64
Heya SuperBrony64 :)
everything is happy now :)
00,10acid
YAAAAY HAPPEH 8D
trip
I need some Dru... i Mean some Medicine <_<
Sumica: this is how you start the game btw, it's all happy and then you gradually go creepy and bloody
Im trying to think should i buy the Adidas Responses.. hmm :3
wait, the game was bloody a moment agfo
wtf
welcome to hell
look at the score
(again)
dat score
god the music in this game is the thing that creep me out the most.
Silent Hill, THE PLATFORMER!
http://i.imgur.com/nWDCo.jpg
derp
lol
In the original version the enemies respawned in this level
00,10I think i prefered inversion
I hate those hills
lol
Wrek: under the platform with the thorns
what in the hell am i watching
I really really hate those hills
lol
Buytoast, Eversion
lol
this is like sme twisted demon super flower bros
Buytoast: eversion
an ad on why not to do drugs
how much is this game
lol the score
i see what you did there
if i remember correctly it gets1 step creepyer still
Buytoast: Eversion
00,10suddnly happy
da fuuuuu
princess
alexxm, $4.99
good game
10/10
incoming NOPE
:D
this wont end well
wwtf
celled it
uh oh
0_0
Soprry but the princess is in another castle
RUN
00,10kiss me
:o
And then she ate him. THE END <3
OHI MAUDE
ded
thats hot
NO BREAKS
prepare yourself for eldritch horrors
10/10 i'd tap dat
wat
/me is away: bbl
welp
so that happened
Well, that's your princess.
And the game closed itself!
GAME OVER NOOOOOOOO
StinkomanFan: :D
BEST ENDING EVER
And right after Game Over, the game closes out.
BEST GAME EVER
If you want a creepy game I suggest I have no mouth and I must scream
best ending. ever.
Time to get the ending with all the gems!
get all dem gems
demonic hand sperm!
dun dun duuun
DOUBLE KILL
double kill
Stop seeing sperm everywhere guys geez
ded
Also blood
Lots and lots of blood <3
fail
SO
'MUCCH
needs more blood
YOU BETTER GET READY KILL, YOU BETTE GET READY TO DIE
BLOOD
???? 27/32
GAME OVER
lol, so satisfying to know I wasn't the only one who went "Double kill!" in the UT voice :D
Why is their red dust chasing you :L
thats not dust
28 sec
It is in my eyes
2 sec
The Nothing
That's Bloody Yogsothoth
1 sec
lol
0 sec
I SEE YOU
"i see you"
D:
WTF
READY! TO DIE
Just made it out of the smoke and the - dead
Rage Quit Michael should do a video of this.
GIVE UP
lol
YAY
yay
yeah
YYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Aaaaaand
You did it wrek :D
WROLD CLEAR
da fuq?
YEAH~ There we go!
LAST EVERSION
omg
...
WELCOME TO HELL
ok now he is just past hell
this is getting interesting :D
All the gems are collected. Welcome to Eversion level 8
this is hell on crake
^you're telling me
This is so interesting .. i can't stop watching :O
dafuq
lolwat
READY TO DIE
MOTHER
fail
hell?
there is a distinct lack of bieber
What they heck is this?
...
Oh you Shizuka D
:D
THIS IS AKUS DOING
Kencolt: Eversion
GREAT FLAMING EYEBROWS
come to think of it, an echoing "baby baby baaaby.." wouldve fit this level
LAST LEVEL GO
woohoo
world cl!
Happy ending at last
STOP
Wrold nine
STAHP
OOps
...
StinkomanFan, it's world 8, the final one
00,10I remember you in the mountains
cnfound theses ads
there also appears to be a wall of goo advancing fromleft
THEY DRIUVE ME TO DRINK
00,10salty365, get adblock+
or not
what game is this
pff
eversion
i think
LunarSpectrum, it is Eversion
lol..
aww
00,10one of those steam green light games
ah
is it free?
05eversions been on steam before greenlight
00,104.99
so is there any explantion to why this is going on
/me takes Kandarihu to bed
05adn the game itself has been out longer than that
steam the big pictute
LunarSpectrum, there is a free version. The Steam version came later.
ah ok
wrek do you like point and click adventure games?
du
why doesnt big picutre work for me? i dont get it
Wrek, please do Fallout 3 next
This game's not bad but I think Kyntt Stories has scarier custom levels D:
well...
https://fbcdn-sphotos-d-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/530340_564061566942355_1301291074_n.jpg
gnight everypony
Night wipergone2
bye wipergone2
Gnight wipergone2
se ya
00,10I think I see what he needs to do
bye SuperBrony64 \:3/
lol
glitch?
Yeah, this is a tricky part.
impossibru!
Yep the game loops if you don't evert
haha lol
evert?
explain!?
http://www.weebly.com/uploads/6/8/1/6/6816583/4459036_orig.jpg this is...what
Change the level
so you can't change modes at will you have to find a place to do it?
how are those marked?
nah , break blocks till you have a clear path , go back and switch to 1 level happier where the bushes dont kill you
Gnight everypony :)
LunarSpectrum: when he changes the world graphics
00,10he needs to back track
Bronysith: BAD TOUCH!
goddamn metroid style backtracking
Night Michael :)
00,10clear blocks
Night Michael
Sumica, for the medium ending?
Sumica: actually now he can do it
rolf
goddamn i hate backtracking in gaming
Wut
dafuq
wat
hax
The game disagreed on what constituted the guy's head
this game cheats
least it isnt mario with lives..
HAAAAAAX! *flings monitor*
LunarSpectrum: infinite lives, yep
05NOOOOOOOOO
ahh ja
WREEEEEEEEEK
aw
derp
once he gets to that tunnel he has to go back and shift down
so what the hell is the deal with Big picture?
...
steam for consoles isnt it
00,10it's steam on you TV
Makes Steam look prettier I guess
Oh.
Bronysith, it's a nice spiffy frontend to make it all console-ish.
ypur*
nova should make a until i rage series on this game.
Wrek: NOW kill yourself
your**
salty365: dat grammar nazi fail
Make it back here without dying
ik ik

lol
00,10oh is that the trick?

wrek you have more patience than me
I would have rage quit by now
rage quitting is fun
Sumica: yep, because it loops
especially when you set your enemies on fire
it ok to rage quit (especially this game)
00,10I would have guessd clear the path then shift the mode
00,10ah in a way I was right
Sumica: now he can shift and still have blocks
so... now what?
what is this I am watching Wrek play?
He keeps going
And look! progress!
I am so confused..
Wrek, go left at Eversion level 4
the_real_pony_1604: Eversion
how many "modes" are there and what are the differences?
8 in total, and you'll have to play the game yourself i you REALLY want to know
LunarSpectrum: modes?
MadSurge: the differences in graphics
things get happier and happier
LunarSpectrum: some stuff gets solid or dangerous in different modes
God, my eyes.
Happyest mode , all plants are grown and block your path and you can walk on clouds , the darker it gets the more plants wither and enemys get first depressed , then monstrous
Even Pinkie Pie'd think this is too much
oh..ok..
ha
00,10gah this hurts my eyes
and when its at worst mode, the plants kill?
SO PINK
Time for the true ending.
AND HAPPY END :$
yay
off the cliff
/me shields Sumica s eyes
happy ending?
super slow
HAPPY END
woah
NOPE
notquite
And then nothing sexual happe- Oh shit.
yes happy
wut
...wut..
WAIT WUT?
uhhh...
see
lol
00,10saw that comeing
PLOT TWIST!
dafuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
WHAT A TWEEST
So happy together~
d'aww
yay happy ending
And then they had fucked up alien sex. THE END <3
true love
awwwww
wuuuuuut
um ok
05and thats eversion
well that wasent weird at all
And then everything sexual happened.
that was...trippy
half life 3
00,10pardon me, I need to head up to orbit to um be sure
play doom 3 now
episode 2
Wrek, are you not aware of the 3rd ending Eversion?
No, Fallout 3!
And now I can head to bed. Night, everybrony :)
PORTAL
whats the 3rd ending Kandarihu
oh nice you got spaz
http://derpy.me/x1qM4
Wrek: stream dark souls! >:D
thats a nice game..
portal!
doom
Wrek: new vegas
HL2?
alexxm, in World 8, you need to go left as soon as you hit Eversion level 4.
Alchemist: Linking to a funnyjunk picture doesn't work. It takes you straight to the main page.
Wrek, stream something you have never played before
um what language iz dis
what happens Kandarihu
alexxm, I'm not spoiling.
CountDoofus: aww :(
Wait about... Saints Row 3?
oh so wrek is playing this on his TV right now?
thats kewl
AC#
ac3
play some Tetris
7Good morrow, wenches and knaves.
Nice wallpaper
zing
play doom 3
Play Fallout NEw Vegas!
hope this works then http://derpy.me/oS40q
Alchemist: :D
sup
^win
:D
Wrek, TRAIN SIMULATOR!!!
Alchemist: ya thats how I would react :D
I love the desktop picture
I don't get the appeal of Train Simulator
loving the backround Wrek
/me takes LunarSpectrum to bed
Twilight and Rainbow Dash are my favorites
...wut..
join the pony server on tf2
Bronysith: ...why..
is wreky swedish?
Bronysith: gonna do something nauughty~?
7You fail at following a linguistic lead, Stormbles. This could've been an awesome night of impromptu victorian english, but no, you had to go and be an uncouth colonial.
...
lol?
is that windows xp? :D
mybe even 98 :P
Brb, gonna do something <_<
Phase4 awsome comic
GOTY
Gotta love Half life
course
and the portal series
Fallout with 1 intelligence 10 strenght
XD
7I don't know I'm really sleep-deprived recently that tends to make me a smidge more unhinged.
do portal
valve has done great things
In the original, if you have low intelligence, you could only grunt
Doom is awesome as well
7Or at the very least, stops me censoring my thoughts so much so a more full extent of how unhinged I really am is revealed to the world, in its rainbow-speckled glory.
never played the doom series
FALLOUT
they looked...kinda boring
7... Not that you would want it rainbow /speckled/
7I don't think I meant speckled.
They can get pretty intense
Killing floor is awesome
is dat windows XP
ZED gun is neat
http://i.imgur.com/g0vvD.gif
05its actualyl win7
7fuck yes
OMG original doom!, I have floppy disks of it!!
7This episode was amazing
05but having the basic theme makes everythign faster and stereaming easier
7(although Dash and Dust were clearly fucking the entire time)
ahhh
Very true!
I liked it, I dont know why so many people hated it.
interesting interpretation there
ha
People hated it?
I thought this was one of the fan favorites
I love this game...
well i saw a lot of negative comments towards it
a lot more than positie.
I also love how bronystate isn't blocked at my school :P
hm
confound these darn adds
I really liked it
7I ship all the ponies.
ha, the guy that did the blocking is a brony :P
got slightly annoyed at Rainbow Dash for not admitting to any of the wrongdoing herself and blaming it all on that other girl
7I mean Dash is clearly besotted with Twi, but that doesn't mean she's not going to take what was clearly an opportunity on a silver platter for some very athletic sex.
But it is a kids' show...
...they are transluscent?
wat
Who?
http://i.imgur.com/gFCOE.jpg
gotta love the classics
Hey everypony
I haven't seen someone play this well before O_O
and so, we are DOOMed to meet
Serenity that was bad
and you should feel bad
:D
Aww, be nice
:'(
Fluttershy is impossible to be hated when she cries
7... I think in my head I stopped thinking of them as ponies and simply started thinking of them as characters a long time ago, which makes it a lot easier to ship them without feeling weird.
05look ma! no strafing
Hey guys!
Look bastard, no miniguns! (In my terms, that's an extremely good feat)
best gif http://i.imgur.com/4mMAV.gif
Wait a second, you got Doom to work on windows? Awesome
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: PMV: Mad Mares / The Beat / Rainbow Dash and Scootaloo - Too Late
Man, Halo looks terrible at these settings
no strafing run?
Buytoast: Well, Halo is 2001.
now THAT is badass
When you thing the big-arse jumpup in hardware from 01-03 because of Xbox and Gamecube
7 anyway
y no strafing :>
:<
Wrek: Are you playing Suicidal difficukty?
difficulty*
jcelios cause strafing is for the weak
I have things to do... but I really like this stream...
http://fav.me/d5oedwg
dat... not doom 2
Shizuka: Okay then.
Doom 1 I beleiv
not doom 1
this is map01 music
Shizuka: fanmade episodes
REVENANTS D:<
Anyone seen the DOOM film?
Serenity yup
o gawd...
i enjoyed it
doom film was okay
like as okay as can be
It wasn't bad, considering how much a lot of Game Films ruin it
Anyway, nighty night. everypony
doom, where bullets are 15ft tall
Goodnight Serenity :)
so who needs to look up/down
Quake 1 is IMPOSSIBLE without strafe
nah more like the level is just 2d, the hitscan doesn't take height into account
hey
hey
you know what wrek needs :3
YEEELLOOW CAAAAAAAAARD
:o
"We wanted to make a Legend of Zelda movie the fans would really enjoy! But the rest of the audience was bored, so we made Link talk too!"
Shizuka 'a' and 'd' keys
Quote by Nico
well that too :P
anyone catch what pack this is?
http://i.imgur.com/OQeHt.jpg
don't think it's one of the community chests
anybody here read the Doom comic?
WHO'S A BERSERKER PACKIN MAN AND A HALF
00,10shaft!
rocket penis
"Chainsaw! The great communicator!"
dununununununu (batman theme)
aw, that's cute
you are huge! that means you have huge guts!
http://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/doomguyripandtear_2140.jpg
lol
yes
00,10so yeah GTA SA, man that game looks like shit compared to 4
Sumica: get the... what is it..
Shizuka: RIP AND TEAR
Sumica: but you could ride peddle bikes up mountains!
00,10oh they have a grafic mod?
which
I have to wade through like 40 pages of crap to find one good pic.
i think there's something to hook shaders in but there is a texture pack ja
trying to find the name
7welcome to the internet?
00,10cause yeah CJ is scarry looken
and 30% of the pictures are censored due to "questionable" material.
alexxm|colt: the two that come to mind are the ghost car and flying to liberty city, both are kinda true, thought the liberty city area is above the hight limit on planes and its a small area
05yay
05took me long enough :|
Yaaaaay!
what wad is this wrek?
05first of the master levels
7... I'm sorry but 30% is a pretty good percentage.
ohhhhhhhh
05on ultraviolence
7 60% would be closer to average
05no strafe~
Par os 30s :o
7 85% would be something of a bad batch
I guess you have great masterdoom at this game then.
wow, what websites are you looking at for ponies? o.o
aaawwww
I wanna make that now
would totally buy.
make one for me plz :P
jcelios: that i know of wads can't change the par times
well first I have to learn how to crochet :P
I don't know where id put it. but id find a place.
05thye cant
Hmmm seems like a lot of work
lol
they can change the level title and graphics with some haxing, but not the par time, that's hardcoded
I still want to make those plushes
7I'm off for the night, fillies and colts.
see ya
You came to the wrong neighbourhood, Wrek.
ello everypony :$, oh look metro 2033 o.o
im good alexxm|colt, you?
LOL thinkgeek is on pony bandwagon. http://www.thinkgeek.com/product/f00d/
oh im at the same part right now, beat the game 3 times allready, the only thing im doing now i getting all achievements :D
is*
http://i.imgur.com/2OD36.jpg
i think i preffered the stealthy option when i played this game
just felt more like what was intended
hmmm
silence
Well guys, gotta go get my brother from basketball. See you tomorrow!
bye MadSurge
Bye MadSurge! :)
05my comp really doesnt like metro
05oh well
05ima gona fall asleep to am ovie
http://imgur.com/Axecx
05thanks for watching my stream today :D
Thank you for streaming Wrek! :)
thanks for the stream
thanks for the stream Wrek
she is adorable even when she's scared to death :D http://derpy.me/UBreZ
Alchemist: Squee~
Wrek: hug twilight for me
05will do
Wrek do you run metro in dx11 mode?
Alchemist: fluttershy is useless, i cant believe she forgets shes a pegasus
http://i.minus.com/iE8nEjmu51rGN.gif
although TBF twilight forgets shes a unicorn >.>
Bronysith: you could say, she's too shy to flutter? :D
/me grabs Alchemist and takes him to bed
im off to guild wars 2
ragging on fluttershy AND twilight? you better believe thats a paddlin
/me throws down a smoke bomb
they pretty much established that self levitation is hard
what just happened?
so i dont really think that would've done anything for the whole group
Dark_Horst reversing gravity hower
easyt
that would've just fired them into space
easy*
but yeah
spaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaace
thsoe are wonky arcane mechanics
no but if you can reverse gravity
why not just nullify it
or, reverse it slightly
redirecting a force is easier than removing it?
because of the runic dismorphism in the untethered void
then point it into a cloud
Hi bronystate.
and since many people compare the ep to Top gun, here is an "unorthodox" approach to the movie :D http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyN8VN4BSzM
haha
Goodnight everyone :)
well, that would've requitred the ckloud to be really really dense
what rainbow dash did, int he end
i could just paste pics all day.
good night MLP_Brovakiin !
Alchemist: what is this a clip from?
euch midnight
probably should sleep too
talking about sleep
jcelios: i have no idea, but it's hilarious :D
good night folks
bye Dark_Horst!
Tata Dark_Horst
mmmm, pie
/me burns it all to the ground
Alchemist: apparently its a clip from this http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0111218/
awww :<
senator inouye died
pretty low ratings
FillyFlam: rwandan genocide?
jcelios: ...Maybe that could use some Easter Jazz.
And the sad thing is that probably is actually a thing.
<.<
>.>
/me pokes chat
Ouch...
/me licks chat
/me takes Vordox into megas
tasty
Megas?
no, you silly
Here young ones
http://i73.photobucket.com/albums/i227/kriil/MultiLockOn.gif
Internet History
oh wow
been awhile since I've seen that
Vordox: Ah. That.
Anybody else having problems with fimfiction?
/me parachutes into the chat
/me burns Kipkat07_Scarf
I want to make sure its not only me
/me tackles Bronysith
YOU BURN TOO
im flame retardant
Speaking about stickman...
Anyone try out Megaman X Street Fighter?
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Music: Babs Seed - Yalap
Speaking about STICKMEN
http://z0r.de/403
<3 I love this one
Hello Everypony!
/me bounces up and down in joy
/me slowly stops when she sees the chat dead
:<
RIP chat
/me pokes the chat a couple times out of curiousity
*curiosity
/me roleplays
or what however you spell that word
nya
time to burn everything and everyone
/me tries to breathe pony into pony pony chat pony.
with love?
http://z0r.de/4679
sunshine sunshine lady bugs awake!
/me claps his hands and does a little shake.
I don't get why people hate cadence :<
i do
yeah but you're hateful
probably cause shes a shoehorned in character and 1 time pony who we only saw during the finale and s3 premiere
Why Jackie Chan is the best
http://z0r.de/4366
still not as shoehorned in as shining armor
i can get why people like cadance, but i just dont
whats bad about that?
I just find it hard to care I guess
I can see from a writing perspective why it's bad
If Family guy was made in the 1940-1960's
http://z0r.de/2946
Title on www.bronystate.net: Lottery Winners on December 14th | BronyState
Vordox what episode is that from
alexxm|colt: NO clue. :P
00,10silly bot
Title on www.bronystate.net: Lottery Winners on December 14th | BronyState
daribot is drinking with BerryPunch again
l0l
|o|
pew pew tiefighter
no this is a tie-fighter
The History of history of history, musical piece that never gets old.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fxm0TN5WDQI
|-o-| = = =
!!
stream!
woohoo it does work
i think?
did it died?
13ponies see stream ja no?
Ello Shizuka
no vid, we hear audio
Ja
Good afternoon everypony.
{}~~~~~|-o-| = = =
00,10see splash screen Shizuka
13okay
tie-bomber
See Splash and audio is heard
Dat marimba.
ok its working for menow
13inb4 source won't take dxtory
13there it is
13let's have some black mesa agian
00,10did they finaly finish zen?
13not yet
00,10meh
Shizuka: Graphcis!
13so shiny
Graphcis? What are graphcis?
Oh wait
Graphics
bluueeee
lol
00,10is purdy but with out zen i cant be arsed to play
typical https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-5yuB71-Gbb8/UM9jL2soobI/AAAAAAAAPZA/69Ztpg1vJdA/s1600/LabPartners.png
you mean xen?
im confused lawl
hiya all
twilight_sprinkle that's usually what happens when I get paired up in science and we do a lab: I do all the work and my partner sits there doing nothing.
hi otakon
just popping in to say hi
Canadian_Brony: same
I'm getting bitched at for "being on the computer too long" even though it's been 7 hours since I've been on the computer
seriously, computer =/= xbox
i used to have that problem too
atleast you have a computer
not being on a computer is overrated
but then my guild sent me a new computer as a gift
She bitched at me before bc I didn't have a job on how I spent my free time
00,10so is gorden still a 4foot by 3foot cube of hitbox?
now she's bitching at me AGAIN on how I spend my free time when I have a job
Dat loading screen
anyway I'm just popping in to say hi, enjoy the stream
have fun
haaaaaaaaai
Last time I played this game, I got horribly stuck.
still need to download Black Mesa...
Anyone there?
Hey
hi
that was abrupt
Haven't been here for a while
otakon, maybe a good heart-to-heart talk would be a good idea now.
all of HL3 should take place on the black mesa tram
oh? im trying to remember if ive seen you before
. . .
no
hell
no
...
yes
and no before you ask I'm not gay
Black Mesa source?
eeyup
hai
kewl
hoy
Lol
Believe me, it's been a while.
otakon, why not?
I'm a forumer
bc I'm not
dat foreshadowing
have you ever had a gf?
otakon: you should try being bisexual
besides gonna go since the stream is lagging mightily fierce right now for me
tell her your a gay lesbian
jcelios: I don't like guys like that, I find the male body disgusting in general
youre*
CrystalPhoenix: yes
bye otakon hi everypony else!
oh kool
He's on the forums all the time
so I'll bbl take care all
last time he was here... I don't remember
seeya otakon
hi Dark92Enigma
hoi Dark92Enigma
shiTry play SCP foundation? =3
bye otakon
Last time on the chat: About 5-6 months ago
Ah
I'd work for Black Mesa
shizuka: Try play SCP foundation later? =3
I only started coming back here maybe 3 months ago?
jcelios, you'd have to be a very special MIT graduate.
:<
ehh, be right back. Her voice is getting annoying and I require food
I just installed Pidgin
I don't do horror
https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-U9IEp9-6xwA/UM9jS1HSX5I/AAAAAAAAPZ4/ETTp6gBqtj4/s1600/WaroftheSnowballs.png
what about University of Toronto>
00,10she also dont do color
So I'm gonna see if I can set it up to connect to this IRC. I thought it would be a good idea
Not when mobile no
yo
I LIVE!!!
ok, I'm back. Did I miss much?
00,10needs more mind of.
/me uses "/kill" on Pinkies4thWall
00,10you missed commuting
Huh
darn -__-
Also, hi guys.
hai
yo
Hold on, still trying to get this to work
Okay?
All I heard was pony.
"You cut the ponytai"
*tail
Pony Pony Pony
looks like it's working
get what to work?
Cool
Ponies. Poniesponiesponiesponiesponies.
Sumica: commuting. it takes up more of my day than work does. :$
hi
hi
I must say... My livestream was a success :p
00,10Shizuka, throw books at people
Livestream?
this is why he need transporters
star trek style
Yesterday, I had a 5 Hour Spyro Livestream
Shizu
go home
ITS HAPPENING
you're drunk
Aww, I would've watched
I was home all day yesterday
Sumica: now what if the guy that does freemans mind did a redux/remake with black mesa
You can watch it now... but it isnt live. www.twitch.tv/MethFromYouTube
FOUR DAYS. ARE YOU PREPARED?
This saturday, I might be doing a 12 hour livestream
Hey YO wuts up everypony:)
hi scout19_tf2
So, be in this chat :D
12 hours?!
YOU HAVE ONE JOB
00,10SpeccyRush he might just finish it before ep 3
so wuts dis
yup
Bucket is broken, Shizu
you have one Gordon... pushing a cart into a lazor
job*
damn, ill watch lol
bucket.exe. has stopped working
Yup :p
doubt I can watch the whole thing though
scratch that
Might as well
heh, indeed sumi
00,10yet it got his attention
Starts at Noon Central Time
Canadian_Brony: in which case, cart.exe is to be launched
00,10he was highered to anoy you all
00,10you just dont know it
is dis another steam game?
dat voice
and yes, this is a Steam game
scout19_tf2: its Black Mesa, Source Engine remake of Half Life 1
oh
i c
do u?
Still trying to get this to work :P
what's not working?
ya rly
ive been wundering wut dis game was all about
Pidgin
stuff
itz boot magik in shitz
pfft
lol
Blech
haha
pills here
I'm still getting use to Debian and XFCE
Shizuka.exe is running, but not responding.
Canadian_Brony pls go
Now Pidgin is picking on me
ey wat?
lol Canadian_Brony
I think I got it though
wtf you want Speccy
black mesa in a nutshell.
Moment
I use pidgin, it always worked fine for me for IRC
brb
00,10the supprise is it's not meat
It's not pidgin specifically
I'm using it as a plugin for cairo-dock
But it looks like everything is working now
Canadian_Brony: Sounds like the german word "ersatts" :P
germanic*
you better make like a tree, and leaf
lol wha?
welp
so much for the microwave
WOW
ha
FEMINISM RACISMS
LAWL
YOU GO VALVE
00,10make like a tree and get out of here
(Or fan boi of valve)
You better x and y.
no it doesnt Rarity :D
<-- "Prom Dress and take off"
Seriously
So much feminism oppression
hey
ridiculous ties are awesome
00,10no but your fat ass dose
So this is Black Mesa's fashion engineer.
xD sumi
somepony get dat man some tp
XD
oh sumis got it
00,10hold together cheeks hold together
yes, because a GARBAGE CAN looks and functions EXACTLY LIKE TOILET PAPER
:D
<-- He DID say Emergency
give him ALL the toilet paper!
So what are you all doing?
he needs MORE
00,10ocupado
tp
Welcome to the last suit you'll ever wear.
00,10why is there a nytrogin tank
because
because why not
Because nitrogen is cool.
science Sumica
00,10the correct answer is "FOR SCIENCE"
awww
Shizu blushed
:D
00,10did he jsut....
omg !
just relaxing at home
wow
Im making a speedart in photoshop
Last day of finals is tomorrow
oooohhh
I got a 104 on my spanish test :p
Which finals do you still need to take?
haha, nice
old chum?
All of them
alexxm|colt: Old saying of a aqquitance
That wasnt my spanish final :(
lol
Just a reg. exam
Vordox i know it just sounds so 60's batmany
I don't take my midterms/finals until near-end of january
I just need a 25 on the final, and I pass Spanish.
alexxm|colt: Nah, you're just young :P
I can get a 0 on every final, and still maintain passing
Vordox i'm 19
But, I have ALL 1's, 1 B
a young chum
I have to get up at 8 tomorrow and write a paper for my final :(
Sucks
My lowest grade is actually an art class :P
BLACK MESA SOURCE!
I was never good at art
Still say this Kleiner is spot on
lawl physics
Doesn't help that my teacher never gives 10s on any work.
Brohoof to whoever coded all this
00,10need the epic forshaddowing horn
my lowest is going to end up being systems development
It's always an 8 or a 9, so if you do perfect work then you get a 90%
freaking ruby on rails
rrrrr
Ruby on rails is awesome
No it is not :(
I hate it so much
Lol
Such a perfect Kleiner
I guess I don't need to worry about college stuff until next year
But applying sucks
Science jokes...
Especially when your parents constantly ask you 3 times a day if you've been accepted yet
I don't know what it is, but RoR just never clicked with me
always some kind of unsolvable error
Ugh, yeah, I remember going through that
I had that and "how many jobs did you apply for today?" like at least once a day
I'm back~
Lol
who's streaming?
lol
Hi again Vordox
Welcome back thelonepony, and Shizuka.
im a freshman lol
Lo
00,10one day from vacation
in HS
Wait until you need to apply for internships :P
ah
college or high school?
THAT will be 'fun'
ohia thelonepony :)
Ohai scout19_tf2 :)
I've already done that
:O
sup
I don't live with my parents anymore though
Famous Last Words
"Standard insertion procedures"
Oh u.
thelonepony: are things good in da hood:$
Woah, suddenly splash screen
Shizuka: Splash Screen
um
scout19_tf2: wut? :D
SR, hey
/me pokes Shizuka
RoR is a cult.
What's going on?
shizumobile: Splash Screen now, still audio
haha
Im new to this site
trying not to work.
Anything interesting happening or should I go back to sleep?
I have seen this first hand
im scared
My college professor
Yea
Welcome Epic :)
Literally said
It pretty much is
Don't worry, we're mostly nice
Hi
"I wish I could dedicate my life to Ruby on Rails"
Epic: do you have a gold membership?
welcome Epic
Word for word
shizumobile, okay. It's back
Welcome Epic
Socks: i went to sleep, i done that~
not even joking
Except Bronysith, Buytoast and Wrek
thelonepony: are things good in da hood= hows it going
/me stabs Epic "Mostly"
:P
XD
step 1
:O
/me noms on Octavia =w=
print out pony picture
step 2
How is quality
/me bonks and clonks Socks's head
apply krazyglue to pony pic
looks fine
step 3
thelonepony: I can't sleep :(
shizumobile: Pretty suprisingly good
/me noms on Socks :3
...
You are all way behind
Socks: oh :(
affix to professor's computer screen
/me noms on thelonepony :3
shizumobile: You just started the machine, 3,2 1
Is there a way to see whats playing on the movie night thing?
lol
the amchine is about to go zappity zap zap
Epic: First site
woo Black Mesa
ok thanks
Epic: Check out the newsletter tab
He would never suspect me :P
:O
I know exactly who he would blame
don't do it Gordon
/me cooks waffle
All the famous lines
Question:
What does this solve again?
Hiya Waffle
"Houston, we have a problem"
and so it begins
revenge?
Hi charger :D
/me resonance cascades
Ohh
/me gets his crowbar
6_9
Okay, yea, that works
shit just got real
ohai vorts
NO I DON'T WANNA BE A SCHIZOPHRENIC
get mah crowbar
Vortigons
lol
shizumobile: :D
/me pauses stream to avoid spoilers "I never played Half-Life :(
I really hope Ross Scott does some Freeman's mind for BMS
dat Freeman's Mind
Socks, you should play it yourself. This is a free version of the game.
it would be awesome.
Okay
we got some new decals with the company logo on them
I considered your idea of putting ponies on his desk
Now I need to get Pianobar to work
and I stuck them onto some computer screens here
Dont do it gordon >_>
people got their jimmies russled.
Kandarihu: I will do as soon as I get a good computer
in his classrooms, in the microwave where he heats his weird food...
Socks, I see.
huh
dammit gordon! you broke it!
Dat soundtrack
sure gordon, just take the medpac from the dying man
I couldn't sworn there were most scenes in the orignal
more*
XD
hes ded:O
Wait
could've*
"It's your fault, Gordon:|"
BREATH
Is paper microwave proof?
well once again gordon has ruined everything for everyone
of course not :P
Or does it burn up or melt or something?
give him da kiss of life
it wont burn.
this is why we cant have nice things, gordon
breath!:'(
Socks: well, these guys well point out stuff and say it in the chat so you're not safe :P
Oh yeah. He dosen't need all that blood that's splattering the ground or anything.
So could you put a picture inside a microwave and have it last a while?
dammit gordon, i told you not to press that button!
A little CPR and he'll be able to just walk it off.
yes
I thought paper plates couldn't be used in the microwave :o
I use paper plates inside the microwave all the time
that's what I've always heard but I dunno
omg is gordon really dueling G-man with a crowbar battle?
and now he's just throwing stuff around
Same
are you saying you went your whole life without using paper plates inside a microwave?
Wow
XD
I guess so
Okay
you have not lived.
as if he wasn't already?
Take some chinese food
Put a ton of the rice and chicken on a paper plate
You'd better not be screwing with me
Gordon!:$
Microwave it
Holy Schrodinger's cat, Kleiner!
I'm going to be so mad if my microwave burns because of you guys :P
Pizza Pocket onto paper plate, consume said pizza pocket, throw away plate, no dishes to clean.
gordons alice
It's Lamar!
^
gordons alive
how the *fuck* do Klein and Eli actually survive this lawl
Grab a piece of paper and put it inside your microwave
Hot pockets go in the microwave with a cardboard holder
it will not burn.
/me totally serious
ah, Adorable :3
back
Alexxm|colt Brohoof for Flas Gordon
Uh oh<_<
00,10they stayed down there the whole time
lol
Well back to sleeping, night guys :)
help him
why didn't gordon help him?
u ass
alexxm|colt: Gordon's kinda like Alice, with G-man being the rbbit and resonance cascade being rabbit hole
RUN!
O.O
LASERS!
Be very careful
run like da hills have eyes
SirGanjalf i meant to say gordons alive like the queen song
Limbo time!
http://i.imgur.com/GEYR3.jpg
Anyway, paper plates = totally microwavable
time to LIMBO
how lo can u go
alexxm|colt: i know
lol
Sumica: I'm just surprised given the 1001 ways to die during the Black Mesa Event they actually lived XD
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Discussion: The Ultimate Duet! Which Ponies should Pair Up and Sing?
shorty got low XD
uhoh
Oh gawd...
What game is this? It looks epic
NOO
welp
Don't do it Gordon!
Gordon DONT!:[
between the interdimentional beings... environmential hazards and the black ops etc.
00,10get them out
use crow-nevermind...
Epic: You seriously don't know?
Has there ver been a new release of this game? Because I stopped playing when my quicksaves were corrupted.
Nope Sorry
ANYONE ALI... No, they dead
Now I want chinese food
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh add
i think it's half life but i don't know which one
Epic: It's Half-Life.
...
what is there not a pony picture of? ._.
dammit Gordon, you killed someone. again.
In before "ded."
00,10well most of them landed out side the elevater
Half-Life 1.
:P
Oh lol *FACE-HOOF*
It's the Black Mesa remake of Half Life 1
6_9
anyone else getting stream lag?
You no Barney...
ded
yeah, that's what i though
Hey dude can I have your gun?
A pony picture of chinese food?
moo moo 64 moos mooo ^_^
Cypresswolf Im getting lag too
pow pow
a bit, yeah, but I'm on a slow computer and downloading stuff, so I'm expecting it
Eenope
Kill them with fire!
Skill
and every discussion.
lol
Sounds a bit like the amnesia monster
I had some guy on laserchat tell me that :P
Okay, I can't find one of chinese food
Gordon... dont... touch....anything:S
Someone needs to get on that
Huh
No ponies with chinese food?
It looks like a secreted resin.
I am disappoint
Yeah, but secreted from WHAT?
keep throwing random stuff at them:[
yeah, run through the fire..
And the funny thing is
yeah, throw a bottle at him that'll help
Aliens reference^
I had no idea whatsoever
HEADCRAB
lol
>_>
Yay~ :D
http://i.imgur.com/J9XSy.jpg
he doesn't even know how to use a microwave
ah, wait
http://furry-direct.1d4.us/_images/bb2fe3f72143e820aaa599aafeba452f/34140%20-%20can-cape-chinese_food-chips-clothing-female-fish-fridge-friendship_is_magic-hat-human-humanized-looking_at_viewer-marine-my_little_pony-ric-m-soda-solo-star-trixie_(mlp)-two_tone_hair-wizard_hat.png
Lets burn a headcrab in an oven >_>
don't worry, it's not furries :P
one of my favorite parts of this game is the giant missle warhouse full of laser explosives ^_^
Toilet paper please?
just from google
:D
>has the only gun
Oh, Gordon. First caserole, now headcrab...
>"Shoot the damn thing!"
First image: Is chinese, but not food
screw a gun
all Gordon needs is a trusty...
a trusty....
wrench
Second image: has chinese food in the picture... But last I checked ponies were not wizards
Or maybe they are
>_>
Wrench? That's Oposing Force!
I honestly don't know
stench wrench
it's supposed to be a humanized version of one of the characters
Wrench Wench
close enough I guess?
Stank Stick
ITS COMMING:[
In soviet russia, barrel comes at u! :[
\m/:[\m/
:D
at least their not..... zombines!
they're* :o
DU DU DUN!
how hard are zombines to kill
Zombines are from science and outer space and they hate humen beans.
poor guy
harder then regular head crab zombies
welp
he's dead
oh dea
If only Gordon Freeman had that Gravity Gun at the time of the Black Mesa incident.
he's gone to live underneath aperture science
DA CROWBAR
Gordon is now 20% cooler!
TLS HANDSHAKE FAILED MOFO
Gordon is now unkillable.
?
!!
That's what Pianobar keeps telling me
great, now maybe he can actually do something for once
nope
What a polite program
Gordon makes chuck norris look like a coward
yet he still just watches people die without helping
Seziure>_>
BURN:[
Gro Godon!
I mean: Go Gordon!
lol
I saw The Hobbit last night.
im just sitting here laughing
He helps, by killing them before the zombies do
I realized that Radagast the Brown = Fluttershy
a serviver
how was it DocSane
DocSane :O
...That's kind of helping... Right?
You want to do a TLS handshake? Well oka- BEEP BEEP ERROR
DocSane I never thought of that before.
Oh the irony killed him :)
ded
neva mind hes not a serviver
Hopefully....he heh...:$
It's pretty good, just don't expect a dead on retelling of the book.
creepy fact: the headcrab zombie sounds are actually reversed and distorted clips of people begging for help and crying in pain
i see your point
what is TLS?
i've heard that, it's pretty disturbing and pretty cool
"Gee Gordon, looks like your MIT studies really pay off"
:O
It's basically a security check that certain programs use
Pandora
DocSane and he has absolutely no social skills whatsoever.
Does anyone else wanna see Pinkie kicking ass with a crowbar fighting zombies?
sure
why not
In soviet russia.... ahh i got nothin :S
oh
I saw a gravitron diagram :)
translation: use the crowbar
Why am I so sad? XD
So, I noticed the SpyroChat login has a firefox and opera ad
Canadian_Brony: And he travels around in a sled drawn by giant bunny rabbits.
is Opera any good?
...wtf, is that snow?
Canadian_Brony: Fluttershy does that, right?
Opera is great on mobile
yeah, it's giving him hypothermia
DocSane . . . umm, no . . .
I've used it a little bit
Seems alright
You are one crazy freaking horse charger...*snicker*snicker*:$
snow so much snow
I don't care for it on desktop though
Canadian_Brony: Well, I bet she would if she could.
I prefer Firefox
Thanks Waffle :) Being normal is too boring anyway
"Danger Explosives... hmm, should i hit that with a crowbar?"
Firefox ftw
I would
Forgot about sane chat.
DocSane I bet we all would if we could
Agreed Charger :D
Open source :P
Charger: /) normal people suq
"What is this place filled with so many wonders!" - gordon
SirGanjalf, realistically, a box filled with explosives will only explode if it's ignited.
Eeyup Scout :D /)
wut
Kandarihu: Depends about what kind of explosives we are speaking of
Firefox FTW
WHAT IS THIS PLACE FILLED WITH SO MANY WONDERS?!?!?! :[
And WINDOWS 7
IE Sucks
Well, they don't suck but they aren't cool either
hell
Chrome is good
this is bronystate
Linux woot?
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Resonance_Cascade.svg
so when does the gman turn up
IE is supposedly better now in newer versions
ded
He already has...
And will
Canadian_Brony: And when Gandalf tells Bilbo that the world lies outside and not in his books, I started wondering if I need to consider him the Twilight Sparkle of the story.
scout19_tf2 no, this is Patrick
Charger: not as cool as us weird people
Barrel
:D
IE still sucks...
I have the new version
Barrels!:[
IE sucks... less
ded
Guys you CAN'T go through the fan blades!
sorry, but that death was hilarious
pewdiepie
SirGanjalf, perhaps even more realistically, the boxes labelled for explosives just simply contain useful grenades.
I haven't used it since like IE8, so...
God, I hated those things.
yep, ded
pewdiepie is terrible
fuck u
Thise things were scariest
don't mention such horror again
more hypothermia dust?
NO HE ISNT :[
http://www.binarygamer.com/uploads/2008/11/real_freeman.jpg
Canadian_Brony: no this pizza hut
TLS is transport layer security.
a part of SSL.
*this is
yes, he is
what is wrong with people getting engaged so quick. there is no way you can know things will last after such a short time
no, this is Patrick!
lol
end of rine
Kandarihu: well Black Mesa is a research facility. They may posses nitroglicerin for some reason
lol *presses button* Add happens:$
a pizza hut a pizza hut, kentucky fried chiken and a pizza ahut~
^ quote from a person I barely know on facebook
>_>
no it pizza slut
Facebook wisdom.
Strike 1!
Listen to the talking Toaster, He never lies
Canadian_Brony: THIS IS PIZZA HUT AND HOW MAY I TAKE YOUR ORDER:[
next post
taco bell taco bell product placement taco bell
"derp derp derp lol party drink some booze #YOLO"
scout19_tf2 NO! THIS IS PATRICK!!!! *slams the phone down*
ill like some wings
So in all of the official versions of Half Life, weapons never get covered in enemy blood?
umm..i would like. a cheese pizza... if you dont mind...:'(
-.-
Hashtag is Twitter
"Thank you based god!"
Doesn't stop people from using them on facebook...
crowbar'em
Lol
exactly my point
Canadian_Brony: gess somepony dosent like free pizza
Awwww how could anypony say no to that face :'(
I would like a large small cheese pizza with extra pepperoni
Follow Freeman to your doom, I mean safey >_>
wich game is this
Waffle, you can has ALL the pizza
Starwars
black mesa
i'll take to xtra large cheese pizzas please
gears: Black Mesa
that person just annoys me though
gears, Black Mesa Source
SUUUUURE!
:(
Kandarihu: nah, i don't think even HL2 got this.
that's reasoning with it alright
She's always posting mirror self pictures with duck faces
f u portal is better
:$ really? *sniff*
Because you reason with crowbars ^^
safe? right...
and pictures of her piercings and stuff
Your response to her should be
na i just kinding
#YOLO
scout19_tf2 meh, I prefer ordering from a local pizza place over Pizza Hut.
take some reason, right to the face!
00,10reason, apply directly to the face
Hahah :D
And she wants to be all judgemental
/me pony tattoos entire back
he's dead
your callige are dead
what colleagues?
Found one!
and people are all like "omg ur so wise n stuff i <3 u"
[face plam]
Your colleagues are DEEEEAAAAD
Canadian_Brony: how bout lil ceasers
Pow* sorry Charger :P
sudo apt-get install vim
look it a vent
woops
It's ok Waffle :)
ded
i'll have an extra large double double
ded
sudo unlink /*
Typed in wrong window
oh
shit
Gross
have we missed the second gman sighting>
eye see you
inb4 houndeyes
I sorta shot the uh Colleauge uh heh...6_9
well hello ete
scout19_tf2 not bad, but Tabor's my favourite. Again, local place. Best pizza I've ever had was from there.
ded
It's giving you the evil eye, shoot it again
bye Snowden
i mean eye
Oh god :D
D:
doing what they do best.
thats an example sample
I'd pocket it
Canadian_Brony: wut? there was an eye on the floor. EYE see you
Facebook is a big thing for women
eye eye captain
Soo much blood on his hands...
OH ITS ON LIKE DONKEY KONG:[
Okay, I see it. It's a Barnacle's eye. Been there seen that.
its all about "look what im doing and you're not."
Alien blood but it's still buckin gross
ded
wich one is this 1,2,episode 1
oh, thought you were leaving :p
gears: its a remake of Half Life 1
KILL IT
looooooooooooooooooooooool
Hiding in a trashcans not illeagal...
this is the leaked version of episode 3 >_>
hahahahahahahhahahahahha
gears none of them. This is Black Mesa.
OMG friend request
:D
hes havin some time along
just black mesa
"Do i smell soiled baby diapers?"
ded x2
Whenever there are headcrab zombies, I always prefer to spill the green blood, not the red blood.
+1
Black Mesa, which is a remake of Half Life 1
"Someone is building diaper changing station!"
thx
Was that pointed at me Charger? XD
+3
I have 92 facebook "friends"
I have 0.
Combo, +25 points
KILL IT BEFOR IT LAYS EGGS
I could probably delete about half of them that I never even talk to
Nope Waffle, feel free to use it though
I hate how they vomit as they die.
I think it would be fun to remove people and see if they get mad at you
CCCCCCcccc-COMBO BREAKER!
I've seen some people have over 1000
whos streaming?
well shit
then be like, why are you so angry? its just a website and doesn't reflect our real friendship. why are you so shallow?
OHSHIOHSHIOHSHI!
Snowden Shizuka is
kewl
I don't even know that many people ._.
lag
^
Poison doors?
dawwww
wtf
eww
this makes me wanna play this game
Don't trust them
Hit them like a BAWS!
I've deleted lots of people, never had anyone get mad at me
you mean balls
I don't think they notice
best beware
Gears :D
beware gordon
damn forklifts
Charger watch for the forklifts :$
Down boy!
Forklifts kill more people thank sharks
Watch out for forklift driver Klaus. He really sucks.
dawwwwwwww head crabs are so cute
Waffle watch for the knifelifts :)
They're deadlier
One of my friends has the best profile picture :P
Vending Machines kill more people per year then Sharks as well
DocSane: we MUST stream that vid someday:D
vents, why did it have to be vents?
have a pony to make yourself feel better. http://i.imgur.com/tFc7g.jpg
know i know
Duck face, sideways, in the mirror holding up a camera
*slit* like *spit blood* that one*spit* Charger?*spit*
being ironic?
he's a 21 year old guy...
yes :P
also needs 500 instagram filters.
XD yes
Headcrabs, very dangerous... You go first Gordon
I'll tell him he's missing those
until you cant even see what the picture is of
so many filters
Oh, yeah. THIS part.
Double kill
OH HOLY MOTHER OF LUNA! WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU WAFFLE?!
I like that music
Batter up!
stupid head crabs
"Gangster mode: duck"
It's raining headcrabs!
Killtacular
+9001
Supercombo!
So does anyone else use VIM? Or are you guys nano/emacs users?
Could Fluttershy tame the headcrabs?
holy crap its 2:30 am...
Eheh*spit*knifelift Charger
's raaaiiinniinn
AH! Its raining men - I mean aliens
I use a pencil and paper.
Who's decided to play through BMS?
so is it a remake with better gravicks
CHARGER I C UR NAME!
?
Succes!
god im terabble a t spelling
in the Source engine yeah
occasionally a chizzle and stone.
Oh Waffle... :L You're sillier than Applejack sometimes
Lol
it's a Shizu stream XAX
That's impressive
daww
Any good plugins for stone?
gears yep. also it has been a bit updated, the maps arent EXACTLY the same.
ah. I didn't see her on my friends list for a second.
but then I actually looked.
lol
dawwwww .........[dies]
set colo slate
Yeah, the one where you get like 1000 chinese people that execute the instructions.
eww Houndeyes
In case of implosion, stare direcctly at implosion
Well that was a smart attack
I think we should talk about whivch pony we would like to have as a friend :3
how about no
Shizuka: loljumpheight
Nice. You get, what, average of 3 hertz?
How about all of them?
lol
...... why
Charger: I agree. End of discussion.
:)
dammit gordon, can't you do anything right?
[slams mallet]
Baus
besides, the only good horse is yellow quiet
I overclock them by giving them more rice.
Because i wanted to see what your reaction would be :D
laggedy
dat lag
lol
Anyway
:'(:(:'(:( BIPOLAR
are you triying to spell balls again?
And it was pretty good :$
Metal Gear Mesa
Buytoast: purple smart is cutest smartest all around best pone pone
I just realized that I have heard most of the mods' voices, but not Shizu's.
In case someone does use vim, what kind of plugins should I use?
lol headcrabs
o glob
now, you see, you're compltely and utterly wrong thre
yellow quiet is a threat to society and should be locked up
Alchemist and you never will. None of us ever will.
Best pone is pone who can poni poni :)
:'(
you're a threat to good opinions
half life+portal 2=epic game
that's why you're not allowed any
SNOT MONSTER!
"I cannot give you my license," I said to head crab officer.
best pony is one who can pwn
Long Range +20
"Why can you not?"
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: New Shirts at Welovefine and Rarity Neuveau 40% Off
no one does.
"BECAUSE YOU ARE HEADCRAB ZOMBIE!"
DON'T SHOOT MY CTHULU DOG!
im a threat cause mine are da bessst, and im havin em anyway
Aint no party like a pano poni party 'cuz a pani poni party don't stop
dat power level
its a cricricia
oh gee thanks for the breaking news Sir Dragonthumper's Seat of Pure Pony Power
What's his power level?
100/100
IT'S ...not over 9000
wait, you guys are discussing the best pony? Well applebow is better
Somewhere out there is a fan whose fondest wish is to be Twist's very best friend.
fun is at maximum efficiency
over nine
The power level is over 99.99.9:O
?
so much death:(
fuckinf ads
Real programmers use a fine magnetized needle and a scanning electron microscope to magnize each bit on the hard drive plater.
gears: Adblock is your friend~
'
RIP Cthulu dog... :'(
all these people who know nothing about which horse is the best horse
DocSane: that would be a very respectable fan
dat ass
DAT ASS
how can you be so wrong?
insert relevant xkcd here?
So...
mmmm :d
epona is best horse!
*hugs Charger*
A hard drive, basically?
I could care less about geico >_>
dat flank
._.
ahh
Yea, I use those to program too :P
Spike is best pony.
blank flank
freakin' platformer levels
Waffle: but you could save 15 % in 15 minutes with gayco!
he aint a pony
*Manly tears with Scout19_tf2*
I WANNA GIEV EVERYPONY HERE A BIG HUG *HUGS* :)
Buytoast: wait you mean best horse? well white daimond is better
gigaproblem: correct, btw
*GIVE
actually, white selfish is the worst horse
scout19_tf2: HE IS! And dont tell me otherwise!
in every possible way
Epic... YOU'RE GOING TO HUG ME! :[
this music... 2spooky4me
twilight_sprinkle Can i has 20% cooler instead of 15% with gayco
dwead
?
OMFG LOL
Buytoast: but she's better then rainbow terrible
nope, she's somehow become worse than rainbow terrible
Alchemist: fine hes a pony with scales
dammit gordon!
Derp
albeit not by too much
Jumps suuuuuck
ded
kinda
lolololoololollololololololololololololololololololololololol
anyways I have given away too many secrets.
stop
lol secrets?
You can do it shizumobile
crap i forgot the troll part
i love how he just shoots as soon as it reloads
ow ow ow ow ow juice in my cut juice in my cut!
ded
Whoever thought "Platforming in 3D! Great idea!" should be left in traffic on the LIE forever.
aww...
Jump Good Shizu
use da force
Gordon? What are you doing Gordon? GORDON?! STAHP!
Woo!
Hmm, it would be great if I could steal his laptop
Good save point though
and light it on fire.
Charger: I read that in Alyx's voice :D
troll
thats a good prank.
If only he had a portal gun.
was that so hard, gordon?
o.o
:O Externa bleeding!Charger halp me!
Okay
No fire
:D Survival of the fittest!
uh oh
just keep going left
Oh god Alchemist :D
then water?
wish i had a portal gun
I was going to say tell the helpdesk to change his password and set his desktop background to Pinkie Pie, but that works too
No water either
hmmm
not dat ass again
Looks like my dog
stuppid maggot dogs
Drop the Bass!
KIL IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
oh, ok, I call hax
*stupid
lol
*Grabbing a bandage* Hold on Waffle! I'm a doctor!
doggeh
...Well really I'm not
Medic!
MEDIC!
00,10damn squeek toys
YUM ORANGY GOODNESS :3
cant say much else then
HELP NOW
doc come on man
everything will be ponified.
I am charge
lol
XD
:P
AHHHHHHHHH oh wait. you just put a bandage on Charger ._.:'(
awesome
lol
You are probably not seeing load screens
lag dragon
[boring music plays]
er...
lag spike
Hey guys!
lag "spike" :D
Heyo CrazyHippie
What game are we watching
v sauce here
how are things CrazyHippie
Hi Snowden
Half Life ...Black Source I think
CrazyHippie: shizuka plyin black mesa
hia CrazyHippie :)
Procrastinating on studies alexxm|colt
Ooh Black Mesa :)
theres lots of ways to go about it.
[dead]
Hi scout19_tf2
Idk who you are but Hi crazyhippie
nomnomnom
dont help him or anything....
nom nom nom nom nom
hi Epic
Charger are you going to do anything else to me :S
make a script that goes through all his RoR code and changes all his variables to pony related names.
black
oh...
Lololol
:[ fus roh da
lol
ded
none shall pass da telsa
and removes all comments.
"The fun levels are at maximum efficiency!"
YOU SHALL NOT PASS
rainbow_dash_controller.rb
and now, release the xenomorphs.
beep
"removes all comments"
hoppity hoppity hoppity
Ahah the pass has been doubled!:D
Demonic
lol
evolve makes great music
what r u talking about guys?
tittles
do dey sell muffins
Tittles?
Save the Tittles!!!
Why did the ceiling just take a shit?
W want to buy Tittles!
tits.......
French fries in a bag?
*I want* I should have checked my spelling
take nachos
Tittles :D
ALL COPY RIGHT
no
Soda? i gotta have that!
no
What kind of a fucked up world it must be if even the candy machine has bulletproof glass?
no
nope
tittles
eenope
or not, they make you hands slippy so you may fall down while trying to catch a ladder
...
yes
oh and then I could install that desktop app that makes ponies walk around on your desktop
\nope
Tittles, Taste the Rainbow
OH
That is one tentacle monster you dont want to meet
I know the type of app
I don't know if there's a mac version of that though
Hold on
>_><_<
What app are you thinking of
My crowbar is the evac team
I don't remember the name of it...
:D
Fine
duhn duuhn duuuuhhhnnn
do him a favir
stay and die
:P
favor
HEY THERE WERE SKITTLES IN THERE:[
Because the app I'm thinking of has a Mac version
ok seriously, its pony overload right now
and kill him
DEAD
Hes a mad scientist! He must die
silly biscuit
scout19_tf2: Tittles
00,10dont wory they dont miss
scout19_tf2 you mean tittles
you wrre gonna die anyway
DONT LEAVE THE TITTLES!:[
Mercy Kill!
Ole!
Shimeji
I sometimes think you do this to bug me SR, damn you :P
Tittles here! Get your Tittlese here!
Darf14: Hey! Mad scientists are cool!
kidrul732: rite
Google Shimeji
It is exactly what you're looking for
he's snap!
would be epic to overlay on a website.
yeah your right :)
00,10shizu is a Mad~ scientist
it must be an apple computer
Best snack
wtf?
Gordon's gone full muffins
:P
also, http://i.imgur.com/xtexT.jpg
looks like Gordon lost
*lost it
gotta work that in there somehow.
Sumica: she's not. I cant hear her constantly laughing manically while rubbing her hands together.
faster than i thought...
CRUSH
KILL
Burn, baby burn - Im so excited - burn baby burn
DESTROY
SirGanjalf: when did he ever have it:P
:O
SWAG
what i here ghost yelling in the distans
that picture is awesome
Disco Inferno :P
I must show it to my friend
I know someone is a mad scientist if they try to mix Pepsi and Coka Cola together......excuse me while I try this
00,10myiceing
Who thinks I should have a Justin Bieber decal on my car
Well, this sprinkler system is crap :D
yabba! my icing
Pony Beiber decal
Alchemist: nou :I
oh crap
what have I thought of.
oh yeah, take the flare because those were very helpful
Good news everyon!
:(
wut
Did you know that the reason that there is no Half Life 3 is that Gordons voice actor passed away shortly after the release of Half Life 2
?
now you have caused it to exist somewhere
ha tittels
Snowden|Tittles: I can confirm this.
I just created a resonate cascade... oh, wait, those are bad news aactually
Snowden|Tittles, lol!
i heard applejacks singing VA will be gordon freeman
I just realised that we are making tittles the new Gac
none shall pass da telsa
I was going to put a pony decal on my truck but im going to sell it soon so I didnt want to have to pull it off.
i want a soda soda and some tittles
kidzrul732: im tryin', anyway
show me your tittles
00,10you still think you are geting payed?
scared of a little water, gordon?
go there and scrifice yourself, and i will swim through on your dead body'
Tittles with a side of Head Crab please
lol
(.)(.)
alexxm|colt::D
Im the sexiest one here.... put a decal of me on your car
pics and we will judge.
or Taste the Science???
wtf was that
this needs verification
gordon's getting fat isn't he?
I want to get a little car and either have a pony decal on it, or write "popemobile" on the side.
kill him
ill scout ahead >_> <_<
poor guy
ded
so cute
I won a beard contest in laserchat.
oh...
Poor Scientist :(
shit
ther swimming in land
ZERG RUSH!
SENTRY UP THERE
i mean HEADCRAB RUSH
nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo i will kil adds
good shot...
gears: whats your browser?
i dont care about at&t
Headcrabs. Adorable :3
Man I hate those turrets in the origional Half Life :|
google crom
gears: get adblock then
There is a vid about a news program where one of the anchors actually say tittles instead of titles, because his colleague wears shirt with a huge cleavage
ADDS:|
like a sir
gears: download Add Block Plus, it works wonders and is bug free
Aww yea
I'd like to watch this but I have to work on a chapter of my fanfiction so I WILL BE SILENT
scout19_tf2: adblock my friend
Pianobar is running perfectly :P
lol
Sure officer, let a Scientist do the job for you
same to you scout19_tf2, unless you use E explorer
http://i.imgur.com/45LVN.jpg
one dose not simple block adds
great, my roommate is snoring again
gears, actually, it IS simple
Chuck Norris' son?
Taste like chicken
hahahaha
yes.
*kills Alchemists roommate*
yeah, but one DOES simply block ads
you rounded a great meme
Half life?
nomnomnom
gears: it really is
lalalalalalalalalala not lisoning
well, nothing to do here, let's move along
scout19_tf2: dont kill him. Hes a great guy, its just sometimes I'd love to stuff my socks down his throat.
how was your day
Every time I see them do that, I think there doing a Hadoken
fus roh da
:D
these guys are useless :D
aww, like the big red dog
clifford, you wuss
fup your science guy
Alchemist: *revives alchemists roommate*:|
thanks :)
a vending machine! buy some Tittles :)
Buy some Tittles!!
http://i.imgur.com/9t8xD.jpg
she dosent evan have a gun!!!!!!
Alchemist: im still puting socks in his mouth
but she dose have tittles
night guys
lag dragon
http://images.wikia.com/mlp/images/4/47/Rainbow_beard_S01E10.png < best beard
beware
scout19_tf2: I would actually be thankful for that :D
night alexxm|colt
nite alexxm|colt :)
So, has anyone else been getting into Street Fighter X Mega Man today?
lol
bye alexxm|colt !
http://i.imgur.com/cM1VN.jpg
cy a alexxm|colt
err... C ya
lol
Trust Me... I am sexy
I don't trust you
i kinda hate rucka rucka ali now:P
Nope
Pics or we don't believe you
Aw, someone trusts me! Yay!
He's the only truthful one here
Here: http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-kZUCCK2_2xs/TqZXkUKSjII/AAAAAAAARlI/tU8jjWvZ98s/s1600/vin-diesel-style_1998.jpg
scout19_tf2: Hmm... why?
Thats me
we've been over this remember? lol
uh....
lol
now your a damn right survival team, 4 people
God
damn
it
"rescue"
Soldiers! Were Saved! <_<
yeah shes a chick.
XD
ahaha, nope
the scientist is trolling
trapped
hows the pic look?
http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-kZUCCK2_2xs/TqZXkUKSjII/AAAAAAAARlI/tU8jjWvZ98s/s1600/vin-diesel-style_1998.jpg
hit him
...
Hooray, government to the rescue!
nothing to see here
its a trap
move along
lol Cypresswolf
Looks like vindiesel.
scout19_tf2: I've seen that already
its a no clip spell
I know. I ve been told that a lo
lot*
well. damn lady
So you're vin diesel?
Mhm
that was the greatest thing ever
Meth real pic.
let her die
You gotta beat mine.
You know that he's gay, right?
dat line
ok Lady, try to kill all of these monsters by yourself
let's see how much better she is as a corpse
I figured as much after he was the tooth fairy.
"I'll stay right here, and wait for my collegues, and you're waiting right with me.
Double kill +25
Contribute if you want to live
Hey
My Girl: http://celestonews.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/kim-kardashian-bikini.jpg
Whos Gay?
Tooth fairies are hardcore
scout19_tf2: Compared to most of his other stuff, no I don't
Ever see Darkness Falls?
dwayne the rock johnson was the tooth fairy
Kardashians are cancer.
alright, I really need to sleep. See you guys tomorrow! :)
That Tooth Fairy will rip you apart
bai Alchemist!
Night Alchemist
goodnight alchemist
ba bye alchemist
I always hear of people hating them, but what's so bad about them?
hoppity hoppity vents
oh sh
Night everyone!/)!!!!:O
PILLS HERE
all I know is they have a clothing line or something...
tittles!!!!!:D
'Twas a trap
nite waffle :)
:3 I'm going to make as much noise as I can, so the evil aliens know where I am, at all times
Hey, Kim Kardashian is SEXY
http://celestonews.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/kim-kardashian-bikini.jpg
http://celestonews.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/kim-kardashian-bikini.jpg
00,10DRUM SOLO!
http://celestonews.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/kim-kardashian-bikini.jpg
'Night Waffle
http://celestonews.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/kim-kardashian-bikini.jpg
http://celestonews.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/kim-kardashian-bikini.jpg
sorry, not attracted to girls :P
Dont forget.TITTLES!
but your attracted to me
da fuq lady
...
What do yall look like?
reason? .....*facehoof*
reason with it with your gun
fuck resoning. kill all
power 90% .... WHERE ARE YOU DRAWING ALL THAT POWER FROM ?
I'm not really attracted to guys either tbh
Sure lady, they've come billions of lightyears, just to talk >_>
The heebie-jeebies
?
i kno
This is news to me for the third time
her name is Annie
Gordon named his crowbar "Reason">_>
nope
The only way to reason with them if your the Doctor
Gey Everto
Hey Everto
Looks that way :P
dat lady is a spy
Everto?
Wait, how do you know that name?
i mean Purple
Execution +15
brrr
's cold
....you may be right, he must get a flamethrower to make sure
It says it on your ident
Seriously?
My name is Mibbit?
no
nope
Dufuq
well not stuff
there everywhere
but you get the idea :P
eeenope
I didn't think that it showed my name
bye guy i got to play my viola
nice moves Shizu
Well, username
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Story: Exit Through Canterlot
How do I change my stuff?
Good Looks
play me a song gears :)
youl have a hard time finding my name
I think pidgin just uses whatever username you use on your computer
I tend to stay anonymous
bia gears :)
i always get hit by those cthulhu dogs
Pidgin will always use the name Purple for your real name unless you change it
da da daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa da da daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Bai gears
bye
SR is the god of Spyrochat
LoZ
:O
lol
with the ability to turn off this place as we know it :o
(I'm being serious)
I know
dun dun dunnnnn
Hes the owner of the place
well i gots to go as well cya everypony:)
No, really?
What music do yall like?
I didn't know
TECHNO
Bai scout19_tf2
EPIC
wtf?
night scout19_tf2 , dont let any spys stab you :)
I like Reggae & Rap
seeya scout19_tf2
da da dun dun dun, another one bites the dust~
and Rock
Darf14: ill make sure
:D
laters
adios
/me appears from the shadows
wbyall?
D:
Heya Bronysith
/me shines a light on Bronysith
Dios mio, El Esquro D:
Jpop
:P
wat
nothin
jpop?
<_<
-_^
Japanese pop
I used to play DDR a lot, so I started to like it
Go Team Freeman!
oh
lol
ohai G-man
I don't really listen to music much though
:D
Ya feeling lucky, punk?
I turn on Pandora when I work out, but that's about it
#YOLO
[scientists in pain]
lets see, 4 security guards and 3 scientist? Now all we need is a medic and we form a balanced party
you don't say
is my favorite music.
maybe we can reason with the g-man
tacotaco burritoburrito
Taco!
00,10some times, I dream of cheese.
TACOS!
http://i.imgur.com/eOt0a.jpg
wow I suddenly feel completely different from you people :P when it comes to music that is
product placement taco bell
woops
You can do eet!
I dont have any preference in music at all.
ded
well... you HAD it
as long as its not like something retarded like dubstep
and you kinda freaked out
nope
or rap.
Dead, now the events of half life 2 is now different
What was that on your face? It was pain!
One more try
Shouldn't have those nachos>_>
...
Hooray
dubstep is okay
One More Try!
Yay!
A bit repetitive though
dammit gordon! it's 2 ft!
how is he hlding onto the ladder?
hang on there!
PONY MUSIC
mostly 80s music
hehe, "hang"
welp
00,10if you listen closely you can hear the shizu rage
Poor guy
and I know most hate it, but country tends to interest me
drop and grab the ladder
.....or not
I love the storys that come from the songs
Oh, well.
dammit gordon, do the right thing!
Oh, well. What the hell.
I don't get the hate for country either
how convenient
my dad hates it
laggedy
Its fiiinnneee
dooooooomed!
Haha. I got on here thinking nothing would be on. What is this?
WHAT???
DOOMED!
Science meet wall.
Wall meet science.
I mean, I know it's that Black Mesa thing. But is this live-stream
Is this Black Mesa?
he just... exploded!
?
yeah its a live stream
In case of alien invasion: break glass
Rommulus: yes
Shizu you playing through a second time?
I only get annoyed by it when it's yet another song about beer and/or trucks
Third actually
Oh.
oh it IS Shizuka playing the mod
yay
who else plays fps around here? =P
Me
:D
Shizu freeman that is who.
aka 99% of country music.
Who are you?
XD
Well shizu doesnt have a face >.>
Barbetos: I do.
anyways going home, will be back in an hour.
There was this recent country song I heard talking about this guy and a prius
I am ROFLPIZZA of course. The one and only.
beware crowbars
a prius? that's definitely different
You don't -really- play games till you stream on bronystate by my logic.
ill have to find the song
Its all been a lie this far.
God, I wish I could.
South Park reference.
my internet is terrible D:
I once saw a shiny new prius on my college campus with a "We are the 99%" sticker...
TACO TACO BURRITO BURRITO!!
Cola Bola
PORQUETOQUITO
hello
E-Bola.
Cola Bola
Get me some Tittles from the snack line
so what is up?
plz
weet merciful god is that what i think it is!?!
meh, Peepsee Cola is better
...
that is so dumb
Is this black mesa>
yes
I need to go afk, cyas
k, see ya
no, this is aperture science
no, this is Patrick
SHE BLINDED ME WITH SCIENCE
No. Its bbq
It's White Plateu.
poetry in motion
lawl
lawl lawl
lawl
ITS TEAM ROCKET
Oh my God, that is genius.
BLASTING OFF AGAIN
Target Aquired!
No hard feelings
Is this black mesa, or is this a fantasy? Caught in a vent shaft, no escape from alien zombies.
Prepare for ASSIMILATION
huh, didnt know you could do that
well...
You are excused
XD
/me hi-fives BerryPunch
lo
Derp
Wow
eediots
Dang, if he only had a portal gun
Where did the.. oh there he is
^
...\
Anyone want some McD Fries?
ThunderBlaze: toss one here
fuckt hat
id rather have 5 guys fries
SnowdenTittles: Throws one though webcam
Kinda wish you could jump just a tad bit higher so that not every single solitary jump had to be a crouch
Gorden lets fucking everyone get murdered
Hey, it's the
o-e
/me catches fries
*Hey, it's the "rescue
The Military messed with the wrong Scientist
team
ThunderBlaze: Thank You
Boom Headshot!
Snowden|Tittles: No prob
WHAT HAPPENED
lag?
Used one boolet? Reload whole clip!
Loading...
yah lag
oh
XD
Still have all the extra boolets
Boolet.
it is science
I just remembered that happens with Portal
I have only played a few games where you use a clip and it uses the whole thing if you reload early
I hate those. It's so... URGH
POWER AT MAXIMUUUUUUUUM
00,10now she can solve 800 problems a min
and more often then not it was a mod for quake 2 and it could not keep track like HL1 becuase of limitations from the engine.
Is wrek streaming this?
cya
Nope
Its shizuka
She plays the cool games.
XD
Did Gorden actually learn to use those guns or did he already know? I didn't realize combat training was necessary to become a physicist?
So does Wrek
i like 80s rock music
Hisin: There's a shooting range at Black Mesa
Hisin: not normally, but at Black Mesa...
...
Not bad...
SOUND THE ALARM
Hisin this game has a weak story as far as that short of thing goes. There are training courses aparently
Wrek plays cool games, draws cool stuff, and listens to cool music. Shizuka is an all-around badass in everything.
At Black Mesa, you get on the job combat training.
lol. what a bunch of hams
Dat run
I like all the streams =P
HEAD HUMPERS
Scoots are particularly fun though.
Probably to fight the abominations they create every tuesday
...
I would not say Half Life has a weak story :(
I am a Valve fan
personally
i dont get the hype of half life
I even have Dota 2 but i barely play it
Every Black Mesa employee is provided with a standard-issue crowbar.
Handle without care
ROFLPIZZA: XD
you rebel
Bronysith: did you play it around the time it came out?
so... whos on?
Anyway half like 3 is vapourware its never gonna come out, just like FIinal Fantasy versus 13
me
I'm still here
final fantasy is dead
life*
going to be making dinner soon probably
ROFLPIZZA no no no that is a VALVE employee
Barbetos: True
Hisin: Valve is probably waiting for next gen
No, Valve employees are given manditory knob implants in their heads.
well im off to play some games, cya :)
Valve is making childrens games now
True story
If they are waiting for the next gen it better be the best next gen game that ever will exist in the confines of space and time.
my leg!
Agh! My ovaries!
00,10I had alot of fun with those turrets and the train
My epidermis!
Guk! My duodenum!
/me protects Sumica from the turrets
One time in Borderlands 2... " I used to be a vault hunter like you but then i took a bullet to the knee" TRUE STORY!
00,10stuck the turrets all over the front of the train
Not a joke they actually did it
Yeah i got that to thunder
ThunderBlaze: yea, borderlands 2 is just one big meme
00,10and ust cruse the rails
In HL2, I ended up carrying four turrets around with me in the prison.
ThunderBlaze: it is one big breeding ground for internet memes
Ow, my liver! Ow, my lasagna!
Bronysith sooo.. in other words... a bunch of crap.
=D
Dat range
Barbetos: a bunch of overrated hyped up shit
Set them up at the end of the level with the turrets that were in the room already.
I thought that was a shotgun for a second there
It was absurd. The combine couldn't touch me.
I'm here
But then they did.
DUN DUN DUN
Meth check your skype
Anyone here collect Pony cards
Ponies? What's that?
Borderlands is the most addictive PS3 game ever I only stopped playing it because I started playing something more addictive: Minecraft.
Mincraft is addicting
Linecraft.
the NSFW community is much more enjoyable than the SFW part of the bronies
Who is ready for the end of the world this friday?
I gotta admit But i needs monies for that
ok
My body is ready
Lol
eh
what did u send me?
i have my baseball bat
I am going to listen to all of the dubstep before it occurs
this music...
...
ANd i have 20 g of it in my computer
i think there been more people playing Minecraft on Xbox lately, than those playing CoD
lol
CRUSHED!!
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOl
did just got killed by the elevator
i am going to fap right before midnight XD
Moment
or a close number atleast
just a little loop I was working on for the game
Crushed under a lip edge one inch long
"so where were you when the zombies broke loose?" "oh i was jacking it"
GO AWAY LAG NO ONE LIKES YOU
epic music
Pulls out guitar starts shredding
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
/me jams on drums
ok
*sings alphabet again*
good you know your aplhabet
good not do it backwards
Oh i forgot GTA IV still exist
GTA IV was good
Do it backwards
i hope GTA V is good
IT is still good only one thing...
It was good its just so old now i forgot about it
not that old
Yes 4 years old is old to video games
not really
zyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcba
I JUMP AND I WANT TO GO SOMWHERE ELSE REALISM IN IT I have trouble moving
not now
:O
ZYXWVUTSRQPONMLKJIHGFEDCBA
Nice
did i really miss the ending?
There.
GTA IV was good. Red Dead Redemption was fucking awesome. GTA V will need to be genius.
Red dead redemption
Sorry bout that
Oh and then.. la noire
I blame GAK for lag
Whatever.
a masterpiece
RDR was a masterpiece
's Fine
RDR was good
ThunderBlaze: false
Masterpiece
RDR was frikkin awesome, i wish i hadn't broken mine
What about GoW
I bought Two copies of RDR
I loved the franchise before i went PC gaming
My brother lost his though.
Or it was stolen.
Or something
I dunno
too bad theres no pc version of it
or it was stolen... I dunno >_>
so Shizuka couldnt be exposed to it
TAKE COVER!
Never will be likely.
Incoming Mortars!
I remember this part being a lot harder
TANK
I think someone is playing on easy >_>
osprey
Check those corners
HOT HOT HOT
hoop hoop hoop
derp
SHIRT
XD
aww...
Cooked Gordon is worse Gordon.
so...
Which Half-Life is this?
Cook to a nice golden brown.
Black Mesa
HL3
^
:D
^^
jcelios: dont even joke like that
I sense another delay happneing
right now
LAG
yeppers
JARATE!
CHOP!
I miss Peter New..
Loads
Watch for the HEAD HUMPERS GORDON
>loading
rcman914: that was bad
You'll get used to the moments of silence Meth :P
Its the head crabs with pants you have to watchout for
Also Bronysith that is from HL2
Well he asked for it
Barbetos: i know, but they are head crabs
Alyx is the head humper
for some reason i couldnt get into doom or half life
Kill him
Part of what went wrong huh?!
do it faggot
Bad gordon!
Assassinate?
Keep the murderous rage down long enough to get you through.
Murder him in Cold Blood
BA}
pfft
HA
YIS!!!
WHAT THE HELL
AUEFHEUF
HAAH
LOOOOOOOL
well... damn
That's a lot of blood
trust
D:
HE DID IT
He saw too much
YISS
thats a whole lot of trust
ThunderBlaze: Shizuka is a girl
all over the place
SHE DID IT
Gordon has... those moments
So much trust
FRIENDSHIP ALL OVER THE WALLS
all of my trust every where >:)
well, it's a stressfull situation
im back
Ass Pit.
heya gears
Man with shot gon blankly stares at sciene.... shoot goon usd to kil science... liek dis if you cri evrtim
well that was a great wecome
Ovious spitter
lieks dis
nice the acid on the gun
ded not big surprise
what did i mis
splosions!
Ah! Steppin' in goo shit1
!
dfojdhqojnvaslkcvncfeqoih
Loving this game already
its free
on steam
no way
steppin' on the beach doo doo do do doo
really...
Freeman.
Totally is
Whole game or beta
Whole game
ha tittles
black mesa source
I might check that out
gears: Taste the Science
Is there multplayer?
Well.. they have yet to make xen
it's the whole game except for the parts not included
And mp
But it is coming
It's a Half-Life mod.
Anyone here play the first Borderlands?
Its a stand alone actually
Yes
lol
yep
ROFL lvl?
No need to own hl2
borderlands 1>borderlands 2
Forever Alone
I don't remember.
Just have to download Source SDK 2007
It's been so long
Borderlands 2 is on mah wishlist
so cute [kills it] not any more
no escape
anything > Blunderlands 2
I would get it but it wouldn't run good on my computer
Buytoast: i wouldnt go that far
Any of you guys read Homestuck?
Ah
Dem bugs
fine
nearly anything > blunderlands 2
dat gatorade
I've tried
That train can play the drums
Really can't get into it
Fallout New vegas is an insect genre of a game
there are bugs everywhere
never heard of it
so much Mountain Dew...
ThunderBlaze: fallout new vegas is a great game
eeeehhh
debateable
and if there are bugs, its called updates and fan patches
But I like it
Mario time
Bronysith: It is but u always had problems with it
00,02if you have a fimfiction account you should change your password, make sure you don't use the same password elsewhere
I prefer Fallout 3 to New vegas, personally
Phase4
It's a webcomic
What?
ThunderBlaze: i didnt, its called get a good game
Sort of
Phase4: D:!!!
compute
kk Phase4
Happened?
ANyone here have problems with MW2 on steam having no Matchmaking system
called get a good gaming pc
like shizumobile
hi
I meant i did
00,10Barbetos, generaly a line like that meens they got hacked
Sorry
Google it
what happened to them now Phase4?
who is playing?
/me glomps Phase4
00,02Barbetos, hasnt happened yet but a guy who does this kind of hacking has mentioned that its going to happen
DiscSlash: shizu
oh sh*t
This rooms reminds me of the room that you first see Ridley in in Metroid Prime.
Looks like a Nerf gun
Dunno why.
00,02plus fimfiction isnt exactly the most secure site :(
did
It's hard to explain
of course it aint
/me glomps and protects Phase4 from the hackers
Story is screwed up
i might
what is he playing?
Ads.
dat chime
:(
Load
00,02actually don't login
Sounds like she might need new batteries soon
Has anyone here played Spyro?
ROFLPIZZA: its called adblocker
k
Solid_Sparkle: She. And Black Mesa
I heard it is a good game
Phase4 Yeah. It felt that way
...
00,02try reset your password
I just reset it
00,02looks like it might have happened, my accounts gone missing
Never heard of it
Is it random?
Is CAPS lock on?
^joke
BEHOLD THE POWER OF MY CAPS LOCK!
hmmmcoolio
good thing i don't care about my account there anymore
00,10what ever happend to the feature box on Fimfitcion?
Or is it happening to writers and proof reders?
but my masterpiece must survive
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I remember this part
be right back
huh, look it up
00,02Sumica, not sure
Good questions sumica
kk
Before i go quick question?
I think polotics happened actually, and now the feature box is gone
People where making a huge deal out of being on it
Sumica it got moved to the left above "New Stories" and under "Dashboard" (when you're logged in)
i dunno, but i need a new shipfic from fimfiction
Anyone have a Pony Waifu?
And it was cuasing problems
00,10bleh
FINALLY!
NO
omg it tosses gak
Oh my god I am so happy to finally be back here.
00,10I liked useing that on my phone when bored at work
/me glomps and takes Reikim away
HOLY JESUS
pfft
Kill him
DO IT
WHAT THE HELL IS THAT
awww
No, Sith, no time today.
phones for internet
Shizu I have been killed there before
00,10was nice when it was just on the top of the page
dat death spasm
Reikim: and we are happy to have you bacl :1
g a k
The claw can get through the wall sometimes
damn
That was intense
I'm looking for tech help! Preferably from someone who really knows a lot about computers, especially in the field of Linux
Some one had that as a password for their compy
shit i remember this aprt from half life
I know there's at least five of you on here.
dat nod
Don't taunt The Claw!
this fan mod really shows the creativity and dedication of certain communities
What a hero!
dead
Well damn
ouch
LOL
You was an hero
ded
>hero
/me takes Barbetos to bed
hmm, spyro, that name rings a bell
I royally fucked up my PC and I need advice in patching it up for use.
Eviscerated!
Be an hero
as i said: Don't taunt The Claw!
eh was an nero
00,02XD
Reikim: talk to Phase4 hes a genius about that
00,02screw this, airstrafe
back/
boss
Phaaaaaase.
yo
nice move
wb
00,02Reikim
parcour freeman
Damn even i wouldn't run that fast
Phaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaase.
Phaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaase.
Phase.
ROFL...
Stop
Need more caffiene
Guide me through installing Ubuntu so I can use my computer properly again?
braaains
Chaaaaaaarlie
hey phase4 i think riekem wants ur attention
Sheeeen
:I
ITS A Z
In return I'll treat you to the story of how I completely screwed myself over tech-wise.
Reikim not now
XD jk
dat barnacle wus smatist in land
I'm buggin' Phase4, because I know he can help.
Probably.
wow
lol
nice maneuver
No no noo gordon
Ood?
Throw the grenade, no the pin.
all of my things
its eye
Reikim: might i suggest... PM?
oh god
We must feed.
now kiss
HEY GUYS! :)
damn this game looks nice
oh i allways hate those ones
Now kiss lol
Heyo EggNog5000
spitty guys
Gordon x Bull Squid
Good ol squiddy
OTP
Squidward?
best shipping
Cthulhu Dog
hey im a squid
^yes
best ship
no, you're just annoying
Nothing here
Gordon x Chell
OGAWD
gears: better find the nearest anime schoolgirl XD
Buytoast see also squid
Ah this part
Gordon x Gordon x Gordon
who's streaming?
nice one
EggNog5000: shizumobile
gordon x chell is too mainstream
flap flap flap
Gordon x Crowbar
FIREINTHEOSHIT
Good Luck shizumobile
gordon x headcrab
Gordon x
Gravity Gun x Crowbar
Gordn x Davakiin
dat use error sound
aw crap, i remember this
terrible
Gordon X
Gordon X Left for Dead MAKE IT HAPPEN
00,02wait
oh wow
Gordon x science
you made it
Gordan x Pinkie Pie
JUMP FOR IT!
color me impressed
00,02they have a manual overide to turn it on?
wheeeeeeeee
Should she jump?
Uhh, sure. Let's go with that.
Maybe the air might help her
Do it
It's good
Kinda makes you wonder why they put the on/off switch righ under the rotating fan of death and over a bottomless pit
wee
ah test first - like a scientis
DO IT
What a tweeker
WEEE
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
*scientist
I KNEW IT IT WORKS
woooooooooohooooo
Dem boxes
but how do you get back down?
Run. Think. Shoot. Live.
simple
I HAVE NO IDEA
you burp
PHYSICS
Sorry if I seem a little frantic but your mentality tends to go out the window when your Windows install gets completely borked the day before a major project is due.
Buytoast: Yes. :D
So what part is Shizu on?
All of them.
Buytoast I haven't seen that movie in years...
Reikim: The Claw part
Dat reference. :P
the rocket tentacles
Goood ol'd windas
So what's after this?
more stuff
Crowbar Adventures!
THIEF
HEY. THATS MINE
Damn she's good with a Shotgun
headcrabs x bernacles
I see Shizu follows the ages-old truth: carry shotgun, fear nothing.
And Babies First Crowbar!
niga stole my valve xD
Except those troopers.
Reikim: If all your dealing with is a broken Windows install just burn an Ubuntu Live CD and boot from it
im so boring
No one knows nigastolemahbike around here
that is so 2005
GAH
How do you think I'm on here, JC?
I am bored.
Anyone up here for Trivia?
My desktop looks like a mac now, which pisses me off, but hey it works.
your FACE is so 2005 Barbetos
ohhhhhh .0.
It totally is
don't look down
DiscSlash: Don't fret, my friend, just a little ngiht time fatigue
2005 was a good year
So I am fine with it.
you know what was good
The 90's
Don't make me puke
You what sucks?
The 90s sucked.
sounds like some mutant cow is trapped
How dare you
YOU break the rules!!! you break the rules!!!
Being born in the late 90's
The 80s was better
00,10moooo
you know whats REALLY good? Pizza
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
94 for me
Moooo
a really good slice of pizza
Moooo
Sumica: exactly
93
I remember the shit in the 90
Snowden|Tittles: Thank you :D
Angry Beavers
Pizza Parties
crashed
Arcades
<< woot
exactly what i did :D
i still have the original disc of Half-Life :D
I remember the fall of the berlin wall :<
Barbetos: just loadin'
Better Cartoons
https://images.4chan.org/a/src/1355796798425.gif god damnit i laughed far too hard.
hax
ANGRY BEAVERS ZOMG THAT SHHOW WAS AWESOME:O
ohai XAX
and wtf
CAN WE WATCH AN EPISODE PLEASE
XAX: have you seen the full video of that?
EggNog5000: no .-.
Stop asking for stuff. Its most unbecoming.
ThunderBlaze: you have youtube, no? well use it
I want everyone TO SEE
XAX: pm me and i'll give you the link
Nice
wat
ThunderBlaze: well i want to see Shizu Play this
little gun flip
Thats normal
that was so heroic, pulls magnum, runs straight to that spitty alien guys face --> shoot it 2 times --> dead, gives no fu** about got dmged xD
dern
ThunderBlaze the 2 most important rules of BronyState: NEVER complain about the stream and NEVER request ponies. Both will get us G3 /or worse/
shet!
yeah
Smithers... release the hounds.
the burning in the pors means its working
I am not complaning
good
I'm WHINING
XD
jk
Of course not, everybody knows you're useless in situations like this
shoo bee do, shoo shoo be doo
ThunderBlaze: that joke was bad and you should feel bad
not at all
Gordon logic "Explosive means it has to be exploded on sight."
EggNog5000: Fuck your couch
Snowden|Moo calling for the seaponies eh? :D
Couldn't you use those an elevators? :D
gross
It wasn't a /bad/ joke, it was just executed improperly.
It's always fun exploding barrels on people.
lol
ewww
Its a glass eye
eye
>eyes
Moo bee do, moo moo be doo - Calling on the sea cows?
It's Eyegor
DED
XD
I'm bad at this game though. Got my ass kicked so many times by the soldiers.
Snowden|Moo xD
Oh hai mark *shot*
The AI is very, very precise.
The word "juicy" sounds very juicy
Reikim: god, the soldiers...
Moist
That makes me juicy
And they eat your bullets like they're nothing.
HIGH VOLTAGE!
Moist & Juicy
KILL HIM
HEY EVERYONE! LOOK OVER HERE
He's going to die, isn't he? :P
KILL HIM
i killed that guy for being a dick and a coward
DO ET
Black Mesa Source?
/me thumbs down
sonicdude558: Yup.
hostage situation
lol
yay!
bye bye
:D
he ded
the idea is lost to gordon
Little short of a double shotgun blast to the face will bring them down.
The SMG was just plain worthless.
chigga he be ded
spin spin spin spin spin spin spin spin spin spin spin
00,10so this guy is gordon with out a gun.
does NOT seem legit
omg guise Gordon has a voice
Does not compute
because all Gordon really needs is a crowbar
so...
false
dat aim
Gordon freeman is Chuck Norris of Valve
So...
nope
To bad we did not find any survivors.
XD
no
good night guys :)
If he insists
so...
Funny thing about that
seeya sonicdude558
MURDERER
g'night sonicdude558
I need advice on this girl I like
'nighy sonicdude558
shizumobile *dies laughing*
Stop! You have broken the law!
Murder in video games is fun
What kind of advice?
It's violated the law
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Background Music: Wonderbolts Academy, Sleepless in Ponyville, Canterlot Wedding
00,10not only fun but fundamentle
/me looks both ways
Oh right
closenuff
)_)
(_(
Thank you, Dari.
http://i.imgur.com/XGE3U.gif
So, Im a freshman in High School. This Sophmore I like is going out with my friend, but she is flirting with me also...
What should I do?
killing NPCs in HL is allways funny
I was not all that crazy about oblivion.
MOOOOOOOOOOO
cow?
/me throws smoke bomb down and escapes
Anypony else wanna say goodnight? No?
Squirel.
/me shoots sonicdude558
Donno
dis music, i love it
sonicdude558 n8 :P
/me has a forcefield
the soundtrack for this game is pretty good in my opinion
Run.
/me punches Bronysith in the crotch
What you think Afflict?
ow
In high school, sophmore and freshman status isn't really important
/me gives Bronysith a Rawket Lawnchair
Or at least not in my school
die!!!
I know, but she is my friend's girl
00,10dose the beast realy warrent this sad music?
But she is flirting with me and I like her
BURN!
Fallout
KILL IT WITH FIRE
?
noo
the beast just wanted a hug
Is she actually flirting with you? Or is she just nice?
twilight_sprinkle: a big spiky death-hug
and thats why i just finished this game 3 times
Flirting
but gordon killed it without remorse, hence the music
good night Shizuka
The beast warrants the epic showdown music.
This is waht I imagine everytime I spray a roach with bug spray... and a ligther.
ure the boss, dont kill him, he respects ya
Sumica hmm, nah
Fun fact: The only manmade thing louder than a rocket engine is a nuke. Everyone in the area should be deaf
dawwwwwwwwwwwwww
xD
13so
:(
What exactly does she say?
magmablock: If they're not already dead? :P
13shall we quickly tour my minecraft
SI!
k
haven't seen it in a while . . .
Shizuka: yaes
Bye guise
/me bounces excitedly
YES
for real
also, nice background
Well, its hard to explain
Yesh :)
seeya sonicdude558
Hmm, right when I'm shutting down my Firefox in preparation for a restart.
That pic makes me sleepy
:)
If it's hard to explain
She is most likely NOT flirting with you
I need more caffiene.
Its like we are always talking to each other, and she acts differently than other girls - Like shes always smiling, she jokes around with me, we have a good time. It is also different than being nice
Cause she always talks to me
omg its MINECRAFT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
MERNCREFT!
Welcome to high school
NEINRAFT
lol
caffiene is going to be one hell of a habbit to kick for me.
LOL CHAT NO WORK
Where people of different genders actually talk to each other a lot
minceraft
lol chat yes work
With little gender gap in interests depending on the group
So, I think I should just play it off, and wait for there relationship to end, then tak my chance
lol i know
Good call
They said you could not be clothed by pictures.
I should buy her a pony :p
Don't get involved yet
SR, Hook me up
Minecraft has proven everyone wrong.
Yeah, especially since my friend is with her
i will never fully understand the workings of tekkit
I wish you could just take the items out of the frames without destroying the frames altogether.
Is this game in steam yet?
nope
I don't think it's ever going on Steam.
never will
Damn i really would like this game in steam
Why not?
Why put it on steam when they don't need to pay the monies for it?
Notch said so
because :Notch:
Shizuka: i know how you feel :D
They make a better profit selling it from their site
woah she made this?
Steam would want like.. two fiddy a sale.
Hopefully I dont get Friend Zoned
ThunderBlaze: no, the ghosts did
Do you got a girl?
ThunderBlaze entirely from scratch i do believe
So we use imagination instead
cute
Me?
No
Not exactly interested
wut
block update error?
oh
lol
so u dont like any girls?
Nope
like a normal day in minecraft
Asexual, actually
Ooh Minecraft
/me 08,01runs the simulation he just finished writing
how'd it turn out?
08,01good!
asexual? you have sex with yourself?
...
08,01i got some interesting results on my test runs
That's monosexual
08,01running it in anger now
Whats Asexual?
goin' smooth?
soon it'll overrun you
