I've heard good things about it.
JackiePie: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t348e24vDyA
lol
7no way
>implying my internet derped
dat trolldex
>Trollodex?
ah GGgala : http://29.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lizxacT37l1qcdulbo1_500.jpg
"Pokémon is actually set in an alternate universe where Japan used its Pokémon to win World War II. After that the government began harvesting the natural resources of other countries, which is how everything is so technologically advanced and free."
"Nobody speaks about it because it would ruin the illusion of a perfect utopia. Since it was the war to end all wars, fighting is highly looked down upon which is why people have Pokémon battles instead. "
bah i really need to start working, but i really don't want to in this rain...
that theory :P
oh well, got to do it anyways
adios
>mfw POKEMONS
YES
Did someone say Moonbase Alpha?
OH GOD THE NOSTALGIA
Oh, hey there Dermathil
Uuuuuuuuuuu nope
>goddamn advertisement
'cept me
football!
Mark!
what above chat? lawl, get some adblock
^_^
>mfw the advertisement is SLOW TO MOVE
trollkedex
SPEEAROOOOOWW JEEEENKINS
>mfw I actually want to reload to throw the ad off my stream
ohai Dermathil
Hi Ali
POKEYMANZ, inorite?
PIKACHU
POUKEMONZ
7pokedex is water proof
Hello everypony
Hellew
MISTY
>yfw she is flipping strong
aw yeah Misty, the best companion
http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-MCcmtUMSHMk/TjWr8G77SKI/AAAAAAAAAns/QqYPqOcgrxk/s1600/TrollFace.png Digimon
lawl
7oh you!
O U
dat line
epic soundtrack
hey i wanna hear more remixed pokemon vidya tunes
did he felled?
Sathi, you got moar episodes?
:3
Dermathil: first 73 odd eps
OH MI GAWSH
Did somepony say.... nukes?
Well they had to hit SOMEONE
>mfw I think of Kamina
7dat slomo
>Electric beats Flying, bitches
why was sad music playing and not http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RqIL78NEHAw
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Gurren Lagann Happily Ever After" - "Gurren Lagann will be the anime we all will be talking about later in the future. I do not own any of these images showed and I do not own this song are have..."
combustible lemons!
HO-HO!!!!!
omagad this music, Dermathil, fits in perfectly right now with the scene :3
Houou! a whole generation early!
eeeyup
foreshadowing
the best chekhov's gunman
I think I ate a cumbustible lemon once...
hnnng
: / keep forgetting. what's that trope again?
hnnhgnhg
Chekhov's Gun is something setup early to go off later
Chekhov's Gunman is a pun that specifies the thing is a person
>walk into cave
......
>Realize what cave I'm in.
>gtfo asap.
Sathi, plox continue dem pokemanz
I want to see the TEAM ROCKET
I hate ghouls.
:<
Well. Feral Ghouls.
thanks GGgala
DUCK TALES
Blind Guardian - Battlefeild
no prob Dman
Top comment:
^_^
*bro-hoof*
oh god the nostalgia.
ah, DuckTales. i just saw the Nostalgia Critic's thing on that
ohai Brian
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c98gIxCe1zo
linnkie, GGgala!
SEE? I'm not lying!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HBQRKLqgWGI
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Nostalgia Critic - Duck Tales (Part 1)" - "I Am NOT The Nostalgia Critic!!! Not Made By Me!!! Full Credit Goes To Doug Walker Click Here To See More: http://thatguywiththeglasses.com/videolinks/thatgu..."
part 1
*brohoofs Closet_Brony*
:P http://i234.photobucket.com/albums/ee298/DawnandPachirisu/Rainbow_Dash_Banner.png ten seconds flat
*activates Epic-Brohoof mode*
well, i say 'just', i mean a few days ago :P damn you Dman you ninja'd
*places goggles over his eyes*
had to look it up
Now I have something to interesting to listen to, thanks to you.
SillyNilly|Sketch: Thank metal
Good day
*drags cloth over head and wraps around forehead*
Let's rock.
!seen KnightLight
CogWeaver: The last time I saw KnightLight was Wed 24 Aug 2011 08:23:38 PM CEST
Hello LightDasher
the whole thing, i think - http://thatguywiththeglasses.com/videolinks/thatguywiththeglasses/nostalgia-critic/31838-duck-tales
I managed to do a crossover, but it was already done before xD
Buuut the way I did it hasn't
Happily ever after is awesome
:P >mfw never even seen it >mfw this: CTRL T -> Y (at which point youtube search appears) -> TAB (at which point I may search for a youtube vid) -> NOSTALGIA CRITIC DUCK TALES -> ENTER -> (first link) RIGHT CLICK COPY LINK) -> CTRL PAGE DN (to get back to bronystate) -> CTRL V -> ENTER
...I think
in 10 seconds flat
SillyNilly|Sketch: :D
manamana
!muffin
Muffins!! You have any? :3
yus
yes
Yes
/me attempts to steal
!muffins
Muffins!! You have any? :3
Yes
Thank you!!
/me glomps Efreet
so only mods can /nick? ¬_¬
!muffinkiss
/me regurgitates a whole, fresh looking muffin and approaches LightDasher, showing her most adorable kissing face
So is it safe to say Ponies have tooken control of 1/2 of the internets?
anyone can /nick
Ponies?
Or should I wait a week?
orly
poniesponiesponiesponiesponiesponies
It's a big internet
see Daz
well...why didn't it work when I did it earlier? i mistyped twice? :( fail
Oh i have a question~
i failed twice, Spazturtle :(
It somtims dosn't work
+N has been off ever since the server crash, Daz
wut
I was wondering
7it will be backup in the future
k
JackiePie: but how come when I'm not even attempting to search for ponies they wind up on the suggested links lists?
ohai
5ohai*
That's good
or is it tracking me? >_>
hi Wrek
Maybe
Do you have delicious cookies set on your browser?
Godballs
Bluetooth is a pain
Forgot LotR stream was tommorow
It's tracking you. Your internet knows too much. Eliminate it, Closet_Brony.
sure is!
Otherwise..
It shall eliminate you.
BURN IT WITH FIREFOX!
>_>"
Everypony.
I have a question.
Yah?
Should I go to bed now?
dah?
Or later?
What time is it there?
later
I can't do anything. And it's 10:02 pm
You can't fall asleep?
I literally can't do anything. Can't browse the internet.
How are you here now then?
I can fall asleep.
.. >:C
you know what I mean!
Efreet: http://img.ponibooru.org/images/67/67095c3b8ba112658b95660e71b4299a
I can't bro-
iwon't be able to load it.
I'm just trying to figure it out
>attempt to torrent something
...
>2 minutes later, a 14.6 kb file finishes
Manamana
So 4 hours of LotR's then 2 Fim
7oui
eyup
Probably.
like 3hours 30 rly thou ;)
7gonna be a long long night for me
/me looks at date
: / well, thanks for doing it ^_^
:\
I'm gonna be out of commission for tomorrow
7lol
Or rather, every friday, since I have to raaaaid
!hug
Hugtiem? :3
/me wraps her front hooves around LightDasher in a tight embrace
'tis a sad place
/me 7quit wow
WoW - a second job, or an immersive world?
7too much of the same lately
eight days 'till school
!mail Efreet Sandvich
Mail delivered! Thank you for using the Derpy Mail Service 6_9
you did?
Then....
i thought you were still on it
7nope
I'd like to but my guild still relies on me quite a bit
Delicious Sandvich
Take over the school!
7more streaming and doing stuff for BMN lately
With ponies!!!
ah
bwahahaha!
though I probably wouldn't know what to do without WoW
!mail DerpyBot Free Muffins Voucher
For..for me? Are there muffins inside??
Yes
Thank you!!
/me glomps Efreet
I'd be lonely as lonely can be
7WoW is an endless grind
that is if they already haven't tooken it over >_>
7I tried pvp for a while
7but decided to take a break especially when I heard next patch will already contain the end boss
but not 1 month ago you were all 'i play it you should play it again too' i thought you were still on it
7if you play, I play
7as simple as that
hmm, well I dunno...
7I pay per 6 months
7sooo..
one more week
=D human mlp opening so good
with this crappy internet.
hnngh
!mail DerpyBot DerpyBot
For..for me? Are there muffins inside??
..
5mfw sathi thinks that the end boss coming soon is a reason
ho-
yes
..
I hope my schools internets is good like mine >_>
i-
5^^
... what
7to be honest I was pretty bored
7the same over and over and...over
5i know the feelin
5getting tired on it myself
7next up: Pokemon
! sself
woops what was I typing there?
TO CATCH THEM IS MY REAL TEST
Hellew
5TO TRAIN THEM IS MY CAUSE
welleH
.deednI
Indeed.
GOTTA CATCH EM ALL!!!!
SO TRUUUUUEEE!!!!
I have the first 4 Seasons of Pokémon in iTunes
http://tinyurl.com/cloparoundtheclock
nice
^Wat
lol
:0
read the first 2 words
It is pretty much all the same, Sathi
Ahhhhhhhhhhh!
7what is?
WoW
7yes exactly
One, two, three four five, Once I caught a derpy alive
I think the only reason it is still what it is
7i'm gonna try guildwars 2
Is because no other game has had a community strong enough to support it
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/49512 Look! Something cool!
Not as cool as that RD model for trackmania
7dem muppets
The problem with WoW is that unlike MMO's like EvE it is not infinite
: / I'm almost never motivated to play video games. So...What are your fave games you'd recommend? ^_^
5Deus Ex
7The next gem WoW is coming up
Holy Guacamole, if that vehicle was real I would do anything for a ride.
7gen*
7more news during this blizzcon most likely
5Daz:
Blizz is shooting itself in the foot right now
5Deus Ex, go effign get it
oh ok i'll look for that sathi, and Wrek is that just for pc?
oh u mean the original one?
This year's Blizzcon is going to be all about Diablo 3 and the next WoW expansion
5yeah
7eeeyup
Deus Ex is the best game ever
seems I jumped back in at the right moment...RD model? Trackmania?!
0_o
ok then i'll try it out
5Spazturtle: true dat
It is the father of all modern FPS
...
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/49494 Even Forrest Gumps a brony
*Best PC game ever
7i'm waiting for Sam BFE
Hahaha
7oooooold school
7±D
7:d
7grrr
7:D
!link http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/49494
Twilight told me this picture is about forest gump forest_gump sitting_lyra sitting (and 1 more)
lol
though if youre into old school fps games
liek doom
try out marathon
iz godlike
hmm...what does !link do then I wonder...
does it only work for ponibooru?
oh?
or a booru?
Haha
It probably works for all boorus. Someone try.
>mfw the nostalgia critic review of Duck Tales cemented my memories of the episodes I got on VHS
But not here :P
it looks like doom from googleimages
safebooru
It works for Google Documents, e621.net and Ponibooru.
Bronibooru as well maybe, I haven't tested it out yet.
!link http://safebooru.org/index.php?page=post&s=view&id=136396
Twilight says the library only has pictures from e621 and ponibooru, videos from youtube and books from google docs.
well i'll try deus ex at some point
5Daz: it looks like, but its a completly other experience
ok, thanks
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/49462 The trollestia wagon
where can I get marathon?
I'd like to know what game that is also
5its open source
Oh yes, and YT. Can't forget that.
5ill hook you up in PM
hm?
Just make sure any booru images you post are safe.
what could be more safe then safebooru?
EVERYPONY, I'VE COME TO BRING SOME ROD INTO YOUR EXISTANCES!
lol... can't be too careful, I guess
Securebooru?
Now how to invade Mecca?!
Ohai Roodgun
Muppets, hell yeah!
either pokemons or Duck Tales!!!!
I mean, I am always nervous to click ponibooru links...
?!?!
both sound good to me
eeeyup
Rocko's! Play Rocko!
Duck Tales was very good back in its time
safebooru could easily contain nsfw that hasn't been pulled down yet.
yay
Pokemon
I'mokwiththis.jpg
Safebooru, still with upskirt!
unless it works differently.
;)
You'd be okay with Duck Tales too I think.
even then, I wouldn't be looking for those images on safebooru
i'mveryokwiththis.jpg
Nice to see MrPoniator's flash on front page of Bronibooru. I'll test it out.
Dat nostalgia
!link http://bronibooru.mlponies.com/post/show/9580/animated-apple_bloom-applejack-big_macintosh-blazb
Twilight says the library only has pictures from e621 and ponibooru, videos from youtube and books from google docs.
BROCK!!!!
Guess not.
Now I'm really nostalgic now
eeeyup!
Second now out of nowhere
And look who posted it there
OMGYAY
PUNCH IT!
>mfw we missed the TEAM ROCKET EPISODE
Yup. It's a nice animation.
DAT CAP!
EP3: Ash Catches A Pokémon
Headshot
where be episode two?!
"Ash, Pikachu and Misty have entered the Viridian Forest. Ash has spotted a Caterpie and thrown a Pokéball at it. Capturing it, Ash is overjoyed at his first catch. Misty, however, hates bugs and screams every time it comes near her."
I was drawing a picture of Rarity wearing Litchi's outfit
The character select thing got deleted when someone posted it around the time it was posted on EqD
Which I can agree with, since it was flippin' 7MB swf for something so simple
I cried when butterfree left
yeah
same
How about when Charizard left?
what did It do?
Q_Q
Not only when Charizard left, but what he did when he decided to stay.....
How dare flash crash on me
Eh, just some character select flash I made mimic BlazBlue's own
SRS Q_Q
>yfw Charizard came back in one of the moview
*movies
ah
the wheel of fate is turning
The first one methinks
Oh hey, new celebrity.
Never to be seen again
Who?
nah
Yoohooo, MrPoniator ;p
not the first movie
I swear, I think I can prove that the hotter the girl is, the stupider she gets
:U
"Finally arrived in Viridian City, Ash is cornered by Officer Jenny who asks why he is carrying Pikachu instead of having it in a Pokéball."
I think it was the 3rd movie
Do I get 'em fillies now?
Gday
And to think I knew you when you were a wee fcoal.
foal(*
Heh
And this is Shaico, btw.
:p
Ah, alrighty
Loved your BlazBrony intro.
Hehe... this friend that I have that I converted to a brony wants to write a fanfic.
This chick has lost at least 12 access badges since I started this job
Thanks
gary mothafreakin' oak!
Haha
XD
>10 Years Old >Has an ID
(But because she's the owner's daughter she gets away with it)
WAZ DAT IN YOU POKET!
It's another one of those "set in the future" ones... ugh...
I can't read those ever. Every time, I feel like I'm forcing myself to read it.
In retrospective
OOOH YEAAAH
Not his, I haven't read his yet
Ash's voice actor is terrible
I've been told i'm good at writing but I shall never do it out of free will :s
"cannot be replaced" dosn't he get a new one at some time?
But those kinds of fics.
SUDDENLY MISTY
I was watching it, then I noticed the name.
yes, Spaz.
"MrPoniator! I know the guy!" xD
But only with a better model.
Haha
Read my first "Human in Equestria".
Wish I was famous :3
I had to force my way to read half of it, and it was rewarding because the second half was kind of good.
But the only thing I'm moderately famous (if famous at all) is my winter wrap up cover.
Well, some might recknognize me even further if I post my old nick here, but I'll choose not to
THE BALLOON!!!!
And my username account isn't even Shaico.
Durr :(
WHO'S IN THE BALLOON?
xD
TEAM ROCKET
Man, James thinks he's M. Bison
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X8u7px_GzWQ
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "M Bison: Of Course!" - "Originally uploaded for Corbin, but now it seems have become pretty popular with over 250k Views. Who knew that a 2 second clip would entertain so many people?"
Since I'm not particurally proud of the flashes I've made in the past
lol ri
rod *
I remember when I used to make flashes.
Going to bed.
I was not even a teenager.
Cya everypony.
:V
gnight Efreet
adults - y u never listen to kids?
Haven't made flashes since. Nor do I remember the program I used.
Well, whatever
This is me http://www.youtube.com/user/Shadowii2
DAR SHINY PIDGEY
*poetry* *poetry* *poetry*
dat phone booth
DAT MILF
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/49232 lolvisualpuns
I'm off to class. Cya guys.
Laters
it took him four days? what was he /doing?/
Dumb pidgey
7got hold up in the dungeons
he had special tastes in pokemon... care.
Just like Ash, he found gurls in the forest.
Then he took his time
wait, the three birds, and.... what?
>mfw
lawl
haha
Oh Oak, you card
Ash's Mom gossips faster than light apparently
Dat dialogue
One more question, are you a boy or girl?
HAHAHA
I'm downloading more poni, along with some awesome game tracks.
WHO'S STREAMING THIS
Sathi
What game tracks?
10Sathi you are a god
Dash was busy
Hello ShadTheCrazed
Xenoblade.
I have so many desktop ponies running around I can't see my screen
PIZZA
...how can Oak see that? the camera isn't facing it!
Now now RainBroDash
Xenoblade interests me a bit
HIS PIZZA!
SillyNilly|Sketch: Yo.
SMOKEY
7magic I aint gonna explain shit
10ITS PIKACHU
But I really need to finish some games first before buying new ones
YAY KOFFING
Ninja Misty, out of fucking nowhere
10GODDAMN YOU
Suckas, it's always chuck norris
Damnit lunasta
Funny think is that in a latter season you see that his pokédex recorded seeing that pokemon
Why are you always in front of me
MrPoniator: Like beating Gaycheese in Pokemon B/W? o wo
I just have to spend some time here and I'm in front of him :D
She's got some muscles to have been going around carrying that thing
I haven't played Pokemon since Ruby
>yfw he don't 'til the end of S2
Oh.
He wasn't that hard.
10>yfw the GS ball was never followed up
I haven't played any pokemon since diamond
Lvl 1 Pikachu, OF COURSE HE'S NO GOOD YET!
I can agree that 4th gen pretty much sucked.
eeeyup RBD
10oh god, so much Pogeymans
lvl5 *
It should have
I just kind of dropped out after Ruby
Lvl 5?
Goddamn Ash
But the good thing about it is the new game mechanics that changed Pokemon forever.
5th gen wasn't that great, the names really slacked in B/W
You suck balls
hahaha
Way to short in my opinion.
Ali1017: I can relate. I still buy the games, none-the-less.
*rainbow dash shrug*
>yfw no black outfit yetters
Funnily enough I still enjoy the heck out of Monster HUnter
MEOWTH
I have every copy of the RPG, just B/W felt, lacking in places.
dat steam chat
Which is essentially just like Pokemon, in that it's just rehashes itself over and over
>Has radar systems connected to the city's PSA system
>No air force
Yeah.
I plan on making a game when I learn how to make video games.
10xD
Which ep is it?
Hopefully it'll have a few Brony references in it.
Spaz?
Can't remember
Gotta get back to work with a game o' mine now that the flash is done
It was far to linear, no real places to explore, and a lot of pokemon with horrid stats or bad movepools.
I'll likely put some brony references to it through hidden objects and dialogue
TAKE THE STAFF
Indeed.
>Not interested in electric rat
>Follow same kid for ten years
Since I just found out that the artist buddy of mine also likes MLP, so I'm sure he doesn't mind, lol
test
test test
Koffing is such a dunce
And how we already put an obscure Phoenix Wright reference
test
testy test?
Shad what kind of game are you planning on making?
Koffing be derping
It works
PIKA POWER
Here's an example of what I mean: "My sword? Could be about twenty percent cooler."
I think
From ponibooru to DevART
JackiePie: 3D platformer adventure game.
nice
10pikapikachuchu
KOFFI http://www.halolz.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/02/halolz-dot-com-pokemon-koffing-coffee-comic.gif
WHAT?
If possible.
I'm pretty sure that can classify as animal torture
Only one pic?
PEWTER CITY
10lol dman
I don't remember Pewter
Awesome
I'm working on an adventure puzzle platformer in Flash, a couple of visual novels in Unity, and a hybrid of 2D RPG and 2D fighting games sometimes
dat pidgey
Cool.
Rodman; it's the city RIGHT after Viridian
He's like FUCK THIS SHIT!
RATATA
Hopefully I can fit a combo system in my game, though.
>mfw I remember it
Hey, haven't played a Pokemon game in ages
10XD
STARI
it's the Rock Gym of course :p
If you just dedicate yourself to it, I'm sure you can
*STARY
Dermathil: reminded of this: http://jamesbnyc.files.wordpress.com/2009/12/ratatatata.jpg
RATATA, USE THE FEAR TACTIC!
With a few special combos only for certain colors of swords.
Here's an example of what I mean:
10dat trash talk
lol Goldeen
She'll kill them with the sheer WTFness
>"warming up"
>"looking like an idiot to stall"
DAT INNUENDO
Say you recolored your sword to be light blue with a few different colors along with it. Rack up enough combos and you can cause something like a Sonic Rainboom, only smaller, and with knockback force.
PIKA PIKA
And that dumbass
But not exactly like one.
AHAHAHAHAHAHA
Coolio
Warming up a warter pokemon seems like a bad ider
Unless you're making Sushi
10I wanna do a nuzlocke run of a pokemon game now. But what to play
POKEMON YELLOW
nuzlocke? can only be RBY RainBroDash
The main character of said game is a 13-year-old who is known as Andre, but his nickname is Shad.
:D
10I was tempted to go for emerald for the lulz
Yellow indeed, Dermathil
How the fuck does that even work?!
http://static.reddit.com/ads/usb-flash-drives1.jpg Jesus with a Sharpie.... I dunno whether to be excited of terrified
10but RBY sounds like a plan
Andre is like, the me I wish I was.
Doo eet!
10I think I'll go for yellow :D
I'll confess i've never done a nuzlocke run though : /
RBD, STREAM IT
Koffing just jizzed himself
but if I were to, it would be Blue
10my upload is way too low here at my dad's
10I'd do it at my mum's house
: /
Heh, I never understood reddit that much
/me just looked up what 'nuzlocke' means
10Might start streaming some lets plays of pokemon if the demand is there xD
10GGgala want a link?
ohh
i got it
10I can upload the extended rules for it
? extended?
How all those morons just survived, I have no idea
PIKACHU! MURDER IT!
That looks like a pic I would've tooken while unconcious
10There are like up to 15 rules that you can include/exclude if you feel like making it harder
Help convince me that I'm going to kick my class' asses today
Explanation of that : Magicsnortsnort.avi
10but unfortunately I don't have my old /tr/ folder on here
Everybrony: Anyone ever played Dwarf Fortress?
50 minute biology lecture, 90 minute network security lab (absolutely terrified about), 2 hour biology lab
Guilty here Daz
10just remembered I'm not on my desktop PC XD
I haven't btw
PK_Sleep: You're gonna kic your classes asses!
10I haven't
Rodman: is it good?
Andre explores his home planet along with his father, and they bothj end up making new friends, along with enemies. The ultimate goal, however, is to discover the truth about said planet.
yay
I'll tell you this much
Holy. Shit.
gota bo be back latter
I mean, its very simple looking
10cya spazturtle
12 Hello, GGgala and welcome to #bronies. To see the scripts type !command, and for information on use type: !help <script>
But the gameplay is extremely hard (atleast for me)
He makes new friends and new enemies along the way, as something deep inside the planet threaten's the universe's existence.
crap, i got cut off
*threatens
10rodman apparently it has an absurd learning curve
Downloads done... time for some dungeons of Dredmor... LAter everypony
So if you play it, you might want to start with a small map or something of the sort
Can he save the universe, along with still being able to uncover the truth about his planet and ancestors? Find out about 20 years from now.
let's watch duck tales for the nostalgia factor!!!
Oh ho ho ho.
Though one of my friends is quite good at it and apparently likes to flood the map with magma to kill all the enemies while his dwarfs are safe underground
Don't ask
Rodman: i've heard it's the most complex game ever, and pretty much 100% of visuals has to be imagined through the ASCII so using imagination - that's my kinda game! I've yet to play though
/me gos to shave
Your kind of game eh
Then I take it you're also a fan of Paradox games, right?
paradox?
http://www.paradoxgames.com/ Daz
!seen Ivan2294
SillyNilly|Sketch: The last time I saw Ivan2294 was Sun 17 Jul 2011 10:17:05 AM CEST
I miss the guy. I really do.
!link pinkie_pie
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/26616
Well that was an excellent movie.
by 'my kind of game' i didn't mean i've played before, but rather, I like that sorta thing. like getting 'emotionally attached' to essencially what is data :P and imagining a huge world happening at once
that's the paradox games i could find
/me was watching Moon
uumm
http://www.paradoxplaza.com/
first link from 'paradox games'
http://www.paradoxplaza.com/
huh... wasn't first for me. whoops
Scootabus!
ohai Ducks
NINJA'D!
Ducktales ^_^
Those guys basically specialize with grand-strategy games Daz
GGgala hmm. maybe cuz i'm 'google.es'? eyedunnolol
Soon, we shall outnumber the full mods. Then, we shall be unstoppable.
i see Rodman. but no, i've never really played that sorta game, it just sounds like a game i'd like. I'm no gamer, trust me :P i barely played much
Oh no :O
NO ONE WILL EVER KNOW!
Waaagh I'm bored
10aaah Daz I have 24 pokemon ROMs on this pc. I'm stuck for choice again now
YAY THE DUCK TALES
10;____;
Daz
You might want to read this then
http://lparchive.org/Paradox-Hohenzollern/
You should watch Moon. It's a great movie. I'll show you where to download it:
Now it is even :)
Its a fun LP of their games
!moon Lawdee
Grab my tail, Lawdee!
FDASG
Basically interconnecting them
What's +H?
Dohoho!
WHY
Hmm will do Rodman. and RainBroDash Gen 1 best nuzlocke. Ya gotta feel u're in there bro! it's your pokemon! they alive! depending on you! you're there!
+h = halfop
thnxs
Rodman: i could be here for days ^_^
It WILL take you days to read it
Also, why did you do that balooons?
But I guarantee, its awesome
Fudge my typing today
okie
I blame my cat
He's waiting for me to !moon him.
And reading the after-action report is lolz-worthy
10But Daz I could be playing Emerald 386! It's a version of Emerald where all 386 pokemon appear in the wild, and it's slightly harder
wasn't there a Duck Tales Movie?
Yet I am benevolent.
Now we have 6 ops and 6 half ops. Nice and Organised :)
For I know he'll do horrible things to me if I do.
Aha
That moron is ruining equipment
...RainBroDash i remember that...was very good ... Hmm ... Emerald 386 with /strict/ rules will be a legendary Nuzlocke
And commiting murder
Now you can
't
Fudge
:D
10aah i don't know ;__;
>mfw I remember the duck tales episode in which they were shrunk.
Freakin Gaur Plains theme. Y U TAKE SO LONG TO DOWNLOAD?
FallSilently, we should start a half op revolution!
It has already begun....
10Ok screw it, I'm gonna go oldschool
10standard nuzlocke, pkmn yellow
YES! RainBroDash yes
Yay?
Why're we doing this anyway?
LOL
Fluttershy: yay
4th wall was broken by the 'ma
10Dman I'll keep you updated, screenshots when something important happens
10This is gonna be great:)
Make sure to dramatise the story! your feelings, what was around you, your pokemon's emotions, everything!
lawl
visual joke
And do tell which pokemons you'll be using
as the story goes, we'll see which ones are used :P
wait,
isn't yellow the easiest
10for nuzlocke? Maybe
due to getting the other three starters?
sorta yea... you're given pokemon. but still! it'll be such an experience!
10ah shit yeah didn't think of that
10hmm
RainBroDash, i don't mind if you do, infact i'd say do it! your first nuzlocke
1 poke per gym, PLUS the free ones u're given if you want. OR the free ones count as the 'pokepergym'
10I've done nuzlockes before, mainly of emerald
If its your first, go easy on yourself then
either way, i'd say yellow first
well up to you then
10I've done fire red, silver, emerald I think
10silver was great
hey i made it in!
yay!
/me pokes cat
Hi
hiya!
/me hugs cat
Hmm, I wish I could get a thing that set my nick across all networks when I changed it
early gens best nuzlockes
How are you?
good now tht i'm back in. i've been tryin for days
weird
I've not had a problem connecting to here in ages
not like you've missed that much
i know! the url wasnt working.
uggggh stupid dumb riivolution
I just noticed you're connecting through mibbit
well, this is new
the channel being empty
I don't use mibbit, maybe that's where the problem lied
yup.
Channel isn't empty, just really quiet.
This is new new Half-Op Paradise.
idk maybe
Pft, It's Still an OP Paradise.
Only because we allow you to believe so.
>mfw
want to play with me, Sathi?
And Sathi is playing L4D2
OPs have ways of keeping the HOps in line you know~
I'll play with ya if you want
/me sets mode +m #EquestriaDaily
:V
aw, why doesnt dragon mountain update...
"Gotcha" :D
10I don't play anything past emerald anymore
10they're not as fun imho
/me 10is still thinkinh
10Ok old-gen with a new-gen twist
10Leaf Green
y u so mean ;-;
/me readies crossbow
>_< just do one
Also, i'm off, bie
10cya:)
Sathi, mind pming your steam name so I can look you out?
It's not really on moderate. Just using the /me command instead ;)
bai
I'll probably have to go soon anyways
awwwww.
cya Daz
7Satheria
alrighty
dad wants help with tiling the stable roof once he's finished talking to a man on the phone about power scythes
Added, Sathi
wats a power scyth?
It's not muted, just really dead in here.
I'm gonna join your game as soon as you set up a lobby Sathi
mind confirming?
7game is up
/me sets mode -m #EquestriaDaily
xD
10@roll 500
6RainBroDash rolls a 50
>mfw not in joinable game
going
you know how hair clippers are two sets of cutting blades that run past each other really fast?
Not in joinable game as well
Heh...
10ok I'm going to roll in here for decisions
7add me :P
Fuuu still 11 AM
the map's the problem
7Derma joined derma left :p
Hello everypony
NOW it's muted :D
well it's like that, but about a metre wide, attached to a petrol engine and put on some wheels, and used for cutting down plants like grass and nettles
:O
7you might need to download the map :)
/me dances*
aww
okay
10@roll 3
anyways
6RainBroDash rolls a 1
10Bulbasaur :D
/me sets mode +muffins #EquestriaDaily
This is why we need revolution.
pft
YAY BULBY
7wooo gz
I'm a green player
Wait!!!
10D:
mind changing the map or I'll have to wait two minutes before DL starts
10also i need a good name for my Belbaseer
FOR TEH LUNAR REPUBLIC!11!!!1!1
I'm DLing it right now
9.9
Belbaseer is good?
/me sets ban on *!*@protectedhost-7B85D787.austin.res.rr.com
10xD nah I'm thinking of one
!seen KnightLight
CogWeaver: The last time I saw KnightLight was Wed 24 Aug 2011 08:23:38 PM CEST
Yes!
Revolution!
I might get a cutie mark!
/me wonders what the silenced ponies are thinking...
how should i kill him?
wait, who was that, Bloons?
use the !kill command?
You! :D
i mean irl
o_o
uhoh
but only the /me command ;)
!kill Derpybot
/me falls to the ground, playing dead
wait, !kill?
Ok, closed L4D2
!kill me
/me grabs Lilfut and flies off in the general direction of Sugarcube Corner
oh okay
Hopefully it will DL faster
Hi.
hahaha
oh wow
wait for the rest
/me returns with a cupcake with Lilfut's name etched into the frosting
gah, you keep scaring me with that /me command
BAH, 8 mins
same fer me
jaysus
Mind placing an oldschool campaign from the first game please?
Wait.
I'd luv it
Use_underscores
7done
ok
heh...
oh, well tht makes sense.
Speaking of which, I haven't Streetfightered all day.
Good game.
/me snuggles with Applejack*
The game let me die three times
Oh I've got an Idea, this will be fun...
THEN it gives me the option of easy mode
What?
7>mfw i'm bill... :S
he wants something to quickly scythe down grass and stuff to feed to the pigs
uhoh
are you playing the original?
I need to get SF3rd Strike Online Edition
proffesinal trolling at it's finest
I got it yesterday when it went live.
The origianal release was messed up. Hard became normal, and you don't want to know what became hard.
Locke, same thing happens with Ys games on PSP
/me smirks.
...
I hate you
D:<
<.<
x.x
Scootaloo'd, I see
Oh my, Topic war.
Should I stick FLuttershy over my monitor
Well now I want to play hard mode
<.<
thanks
With the Pocket pony cutouts?
Now now, enough is enough :P
You're welcome.
piggies! oink oink. lol. dont they eat slop?
Okayz
Leave it like that
:3
:P
They actually re-released the game because people were unable to beat the game.
there, leave it like that
rawr!
?
I'd just give all the mane six a giant group hug with my giant hands. <3
o_O?
Aww come on, I wanted that topic to last longer than that.
If they are three feet tall, and 1/3 as wide as that..
Challenge accepted game!
You would need 12 foot arms.
/me has changed the topic to: Celestia is Awesome :D
Topic war? :\
What game?
You guys are better than that.
mew....
Hi
dawn: I can fix that.
Ok so you aren't.
/me hugs ari
/me adds rubber to my arms
it wasn't a full blown WAR
hihi
It was just a brief joke anyway
it was more of a skirmish than anything
/me hugs VampirePrincess back
How's you?
So I just watched Rocky Horror Picture Show...
Well, I think I'll try to eat something with my sore throat, and work on Luna the Absol.
okies. just waiting for cookie to wake up
Cookie?
Soup is good for a sore throat
my man.
:)
oooooh
/me rubs her eyes sleepily
Anyone ever have a really weird idea that they just have to get out as much as possible?
erm
his*
lololololol
uh...?
That's what happens when you RP girl characters
lololololol
I'M NOT GONNA CRY AT WORK
<-- had like 2 hours of sleep so sorry if sound weird or confuses
FUUUUUU
hey i'll bbl goin 2 hang with a friend
Where did the idea that Derpy lives with Carrot Top come from?
/me is in the same boat as SladeJT
L3
That's OK. I'm still a little hungover.
Darn pony drinking game.
Silencio in the bushes o3o
http://miburl.com/QLAG3B
That's just sad
And awesome
But
Daw'd
You are now Rainbow Dash
What's the first thing you do?
good thing I don't drink
I create a sonic rainboom right above your house! :3
<3
I'd join the wonderbolts
Then make Spitfire mai waifu
10I'd
How long did you stay up, Taggerung?
10hmm
RAINBRODAAAAASSSHHH!!!! <33
10AAH
/me ponypounces RainBroDash
10I mean HAI
Good plan, Cog.
That comic was just
Stay above the influence.
I don't now, a mix-match of emotions I wasn't prepared for
Especially at work lul
oh
10also brb reading that comic
right...yeah, that's what I meant...
>.>
Otay~
SladeJT: Too late, of course XD. Would not have if I had known the tree loppers were coming today
yeah, I'm a perfectly normal pony like the rest of you...that drinks water...and...other normal fluid...like things...for drinkning...
Damn it, every day there's a new brilliant Octavia picture on Ponibooru.
it's because Octavia is best pony
!link http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/49617
Twilight told me this picture is about artist:briskby Octavia cello
(don't tell Applejack I said that >.> )
"<%FallSilently> Damn it, every day there's a new brilliant Pony picture on Ponibooru." Fixd
I shall make a horrible one to break the cycle!
Octavia got like two seconds of screen time.
How has she captured my heart?
Somehow stayed up till 5 am, hit the bed, woke up a few hours later. *zombie mode*
!mail Applejack Cogweaver said he likes Octavia better
Thank you for using the Derpy Mail Service 6_9
:D
O_o
I...
Damn I still think of Oktavia von whatever from Puella Madoka whenever I see that name.
You...
why...
*twitch*
Because they're evil?
10Yeah that comic was good:3
!moon Balloons
Grab my tail, Balloons!
TO THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON!!!!!!
:<
I quite enjoyed seeing Spitfire not in her uniform <3
10and I guess if I were RD for a day, I'd just fly around screaming WOOOO XD
10that too
!seen Applejack
Balloons: The last time I saw Applejack was Sun 14 Aug 2011 01:55:18 PM CEST
Octavia is a terrible pony, Applejack is best pony
there, happy?
Dang. That's messed up.
Urgh
Since I was 10 years of age
Stand by what you say, Cog! Don't waffle.
/me snuggles with Applejack*
Stories of people growing up, maturing, growing old, etc, have always struck a chord with me
I am standing by what I say, Applejack is best pony
10Why's that? D:
Celestia will always be the best, in my opinion.
that's just because she's the ruler
I guess since I was really young I understood that life is fleeting and that time doesn't wait for anyone
you're just trying to get on her good side, Balloons
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/44628
expecting to get some reward from her from loving her so much
!link http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/49169?search=celestia
Twilight told me this picture is about Princess_Sealestia The_Legend_of_Zelda Wind_Waker celestia legend_of_zelda (and 2 more)
This made me laugh :D
/me emos up the whole place
10nawww:3
10but yeah, I get what you mean, but react in a completely different way
Oh yeah, I still have to complete that game....
I got to the final boss about two weeks ago and just forgot to beat him.
10like, I'm not afraid of getting old and stuff, but I'm a strong believer in having a good life, not slaving away trying to give you a good chance at a better future
10tl;dr I've never grown out of being a lazy kid
Windwaker? Yeah, i really liked that game.
/me has never played any of the Zelda games all the way through, he's only played Ocarina of time part way through*
10well, maybe not lazy, but not caring about the future at least
10one of the by-products is laziness
Never got bored of the sailing. People always seem to hate that but I loved it.
Windwaker!
All the Zelda games had their pros and cons but I really loved WW.
That's exactly the opposite of me
I guess it's, itself, a biproduct of being in a family of people with ruined lives and being thought of as the last beacon of hope
Sailing bugged the Hell out of me but it was only the beginning of 'sailing adventures'...
Zelda: Phantom Hourglass, Sonic Rush Adventures...
10I'm the last beacon of hope
Damn the boats!
10for my family at least
Aye....
10everybody in my family is kinda in ruin at the moment financially, and trying desperately to pick themselves up
That's deep bro
10my sister was hopeful, but she messed up her first year of uni, re-took it and then had a child and had to drop out
10so it's all on me ;D
So it's a question of how each of us takes that responsibility
hey
10But I guess that's why I'm insanely happy all the time at the moment, because I can't bear to try and take the strain, they all pile it on me and I still cruise through life
10exactly
hihello
10you're taking it sensibly and seriously, and every step of the way I'm -just- scraping through and trying to make it as enjoyable as I can on my way
Too seriously maybe, and that's probably why stories like these depress the crap out of me
Now that I remember I think the first time I realized this really was when I turned 10
so i have a question about cave story
10Well yeah, but on my end I've had a history of craziness and anger problems, because the stress really got to me at some points.
if i get the booster 0.8, i have to reset to access sanctuary, correct?
Suddenly it struck me, "Whoa, my age isn't in the single digits anymore"
10ha really?
Yep
Yep
10I can't really remember anything that far back
You get a better booster if you manage to make a certain jump with the first one after a Balrog fight
10The one thing I do remember is telling my best mate (when I turned 11) that I thought since he was turning 13 soon he might end up finding a new group of friends and leaving me in the dust a bit
but does 2.0 get lost forever?
10but those fears were silly and short-lived, he's still the best friend I've ever had :P
I know how you feel, I think everyone's had that fear before
But I'm that guy, the one who disappeared and left his friends behind
You get 2.0 if you don't take 0.8
10I guess I did that, but not by choice
GRRRRH
I haven't had real-life friends for eight years now, due to a number of factors, including cultural and emotional
Oh yeah neither did I
10I was in boarding school until the age of 17, and I was forced to leave :P
It's a mistake I'm pretty sure everyone does on their first try if they don't read FAQs or something
10school*
It's a jump to the left. Then a jump to the right.
10I've hardly spoken to any of them since
Gotcha
10oh wow just realised it's a week until my birthday
10that went fast
/me 10will be 19
Yeah, few weeks till mine
But I'll be 25 :p
10same difference ;D
man i'm old
welcome to the club
Hey Sketchy_Sounds!
10I'm not old, but I've not really done much with my life so far:
10:P*
Neither have I.
Yo
I have a degree, about 9 months work experience and that's it
10At least you have a degree:D what is it in?
Information engineering tech, kinda like computer science for dummies
10rightyo
10I'm taking Physics with a Foundation Year beforehand
10hopefully I can do well enough in my first year to get onto a Masters course, who knows
What's up?
I dropped out of my master's course, it was stupid
Teacher could hardly speak english, the class book was a book HE was writing WHILE doing the class
10aahhhh
10well that's just lame :/
sounds fun
wow, a textbook still being written
He'd have new revisions of the book every week or so
that's a new one
10ha
hope the tests weren't a moving target, too!
I didn't need the credits either
No tests, only research papers
I might have to go back for a master's at some point, but right now I'm hardly motivated enough to get my certs
Not much
Irgh, my eyes are derping. I keep seeiog things blurrily
Oh lol yep, I messed that up
>suddenly Cave Story
also it's SO HARD to make that jump, and if you fail you can't get back up and have to get the Booster 0.8 unless you reset
New post on Equestria Daily by Phoe: Story: Near Death Experience (http://tinyurl.com/3oyvne3)
For a second there I was worried. I thought somepony got hurt. Silly me.
It's just a story.
SillyNilly|Sketch, that was my reaction too
Room's quiet. http://imgur.com/kwfcc
!seen Octavia
Sketchy_Sounds: The last time I saw Octavia was Thu 25 Aug 2011 09:37:44 AM CEST
lol Xiagu
Mods asleep. Post something other than ponies.
Post !ponies?
morning everyone
lol
Mods aren't asleep, we're watching you right now.
Dang.
>.>
Better put away my NPR links.
Morning ValtheJean
:p
you can't keep me from not posting ponies!
http://i1105.photobucket.com/albums/h346/FallSilently/Mods2.jpg
I was only stating that we aren't asleep, not that you can't post something that isn't about or has ponies.
If I should happen to randomly go offline, it's because my apartment building is possibly shutting down the internet for the day
mods never sleep
if that's the case, I'll make the trip to the library
I was joking about that one pic.
abusing free wifi ftw
Mods asleep, post ponies.
ohai Val
Haha
But in here, it would be the opposite.
Mods asleep, post something not pony related.
Just replace all nouns with ponies and you're good to go.
howdy dermathil
Ponies just ran to Pony Pony.
10haha, and yo valthejean
and how are you two today?
Doesn't work.
bah! Ohai RBD :P
so Sathi didn't stream the L4D2 game
10<3
?
/me 10is great either way
there was a L4D2 game?
yeah
Painting Ponies with my Pony in paint tool Pony
Man
Killed the most infected
Maybe if you also replace all verbs with ponies.
grats :P
That rainbow dash comic really brought me down
(500 kills)
Like, completely
I'm tempted to say "what comic" but I don't want to be bummed out! I just woke up!
10really not sure if it will live up to people's criticisms, but here's a clip of my favourite band covering a classic. Dunno if it might perk your mood up a bit AllisZero:)
10http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gU2c5BdSg9M
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Incubus - Let&#39;s Go Crazy (Live at Late Night) [Hormoaning].avi" - "incubus performing lets go crazy live at late night."
Ok. Let's do that with this test sentance.
I shall watch it in your honor
"I just ran to City Hall."
ooo00ooo a taste of RBD's music?
I shall listen to it naogh!
Pony just Pony to Pony Pony.
ponies just ponied to ponies
pony up
>Retrospective
"I" pony NOT a pony.
/me even more depressed now
God damnit
10They just made a new album this summer :D
Am I secretely planing already a new ponified opening
10I thought it was the end of incubus :<
10BUT NO THEY LIVE
10meep
I thought I'd use my last summer days better
lol
Buck it. Let's also turn all adjectives and adverbs into pony. Why not?
Anyhow, I need to eat or I shall starve and you'd all be robbed of my magnificence.
10wasn't sure whether to link the studio version or the live version, but that should do :P
Hmm
So I must depart but only for the briefest of breaths.
Anyhow, I need to pony or I shall pony and you'd all be ponied of my pony....how's that?
That's a good song
You missed a few nouns and verbs.
10hence my usage of the word classic :P
Not much my style, but I have shit taste
replace everything with pony
Pony, pony pony pon pony.
now now Allis
10Not my style either really, but Incubus can really play anytihng
there you go
10anything*
music is too varied for anyone to have shit taste
It's like Pokemon talk
except for people who like mainstream rap
10^
Anyhow, Pony need to pony or pony pony pony and pony'd all be ponied of pony pony.
they can go fuck themselves
10XD
Haha
:D
My youngest brother
Wait, I missed "be".
I fail.
Sometimes I'll go upstairs and I see a classic song
oh gawd
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gtwq6RM9Og
That's been remixed, mutilated and covered with the about 50-word vocabulary of rap artists these days
And I frown.
lol
ung....THIS comic
I'm sorry, I don't buy it
Yeah val, that comic.
it's playing too much on trying to be sappy
ironic that they used music from UP
come on, has anyone ever speculated that she might NOT be cut out for the wonderbolts?
and that maybe she has to...I don't know...WORK for it?
/me rages
Valthejean
>implying she isn't working for it
I wouldn't be surprised if they actually pull that one in one of the episodes
she just sits there waiting for it to happen!
she doesn't even DO her regular job!
yes she does, she just procrastinates.
and she only likes showing off to people
let's not forget the whole "I am in no way a team player"
http://youtu.be/KoLCOc3lo6E?t=4m33s
well she shouldn't join /now/ obviously.
10valthejean be crazy :D
Valthejean, she'll have to learn. That's why character development exists.
In the context of the comic, it doesn't matter how she gets in
well, that's why these things now tick me off
seriously, >implying the comic implied she didn't have to work her rump off
She is flawed and will have to iron those flaws out if she really wants to get in one day.
yeah sorry, but based on the extremes I've seen with RD fans, I doubt it
to GGgala that is
And I'm fairly sure that if she does join them, either she'll have to choose between her friends and the wonderbolts as a test of loyalty or it will mean the end of the show
...huh?
Due to the group breaking up
what do her fans have to do with anything
and sure, if they develop her into a CHARACTER as opposed to a Mary Sue then sure
The fans don't make the canon, Valthejean.
I'd be all for it
not what I was saying
I meant fans like the creator of the comic
You're complaining about the fanon RD, not the canon RD.
the canon RD still has a lot to learn and a lot of flaws to fix through multiple seasons
pretty much
though my only problem with canon RD is that the writer's never actually have her learn anything
so... you're assuming you can read the comic maker's mind?
Did you read Fallout: Equestria, ValtheJean?
which isn't a character issue more than a writing issue
ValtheJean, she might have to in S2
and no, I don't read fanfics
period
ah.
well I'd be fine with that
I certainly don't HATE RD
I just hate the massive amounts of love she gets for little to no reason
other than "she's drawn vewwy vewwy pwetty"
She looks cool, that's all.
She's laid back and doesn't afraid of anything.
I'm not the biggest fan of RD but the comic has no mention whatsoever of anything other than her getting into the Wonderbolts
That's how people see her.
10aah, it's a beautiful day and I have the windows wide open, listening to incubus while fully clothed in bed. This is bliss right here
lol Rainbrodash I've gotta say you're the bomb, I've been trashing RD for like, a full 20 minutes and no kicks :P
I'm back
I assumed as much
did anyone miss me
Probably not
10that's your opinion bro, some people are just born wrong ;)
I DID
>dari's asleep. trash Rainbow Dash
:D
ouch
10XD
<34
<3*
10<3 naawwh it's a fair point
So, what's been going on
nothing
mfw the apartment shuts down my internet right during a Caramel discussion
10she's a bit weak in terms of character development so far, but then again, I'm obsessed with colgate and apple fritter for no apparent reason, so I can't talk
lol
well see, I view those kind of fanons a bit differently
liking a mane character should be based on what is presented in the show
as they actually have air time
love for a background character is just innocent fun really
filling in the blanks, so to speak
10:3
plus, if your voice gets loud enough, it might catch on :P
/me sacrifices a lamb to appease the FiM Gods
5...
I actually don't even know what pony I like the more.
one day Caramel...one day...
I made A raeg comic today...
I'm starting to wonder if Rarity is higher in my list than I actually think she is
:U
I don't think character development is a big thing in this show, most episodes seem pretty isolated apart from the pilot ones
^comic^
10I think if all of the BG ponies were given full character development, Vinyl Scratch would be my most favourite because of who she is, the DJ pony with the electric blue hair. My kind of filly
Maybe it will be from one season to the next
isolated in terms of plot maybe
/me is late for the discussion, which has obviously moved on
lol
but the characters definitely progress
just look at Fluttershy
you like?
What game is that?
Dungeons of dredmor
Yeah, that was pretty funny
over the course of the season, she becomes more and more "assertive"
HAlarious game
until it finally explodes when she goes a bit TOO far
Never played it myself
She actually shows her darker side.
It's on Steam for 5 dollars
I'm really questionning Rarity's position in the bottom three.
Yeah, that's a good point
there was a thread on ponychan about this I really liked
Unless it's for Mac, I'm afraid I can't get it
wine~
basically, they came up with this medical term
Also don't forget that RD has had the least screen time out of the mane six
Well, if it works on that
I lol'd at that comic and I don't know why.
in which a pony faces a situation which conflicts with their cutie marks
yeah
SillyNilly|Sketch: Because you can? :3
which essentially causes them to have literaly breakdowns
that's basically a Mental Breakdown
wow my grammar
Yes!
but you get the point :P
That's how I call these moments.
Lawdee. :3c
t'was an interesting read
Huzzah! People like the comic
Such as when Twi in Swarm of the Century can't fix the problem
because it's a very captivating world building idea
I already posted it to Bronies.memebase
when you live in a society where a single identity defines who you are and your place in this earth
losing said identity can be traumatizing
damn memebase
eeyup
I dun like it
Now I must know what an Eave of Muffins is. What is it and what does it do?
at least, this is what I'll be presenting to my writing club when I introduce the show to them :P
hahaha
Eave of Muffins was the location name I was in
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eaves
Where is Rarity in your mane 6 ladder, Val?
Each room in the dungeon has a different name
hmmm
She did have a LOT of character development
to be fair, I try not to have these sort of ladders, as I enjoy all of the characters (I view them all as an essential combination)
with that being said
Today wasn't that busy
if I had to make a lit
list*
Rarity would probably be the #1
I'm actually here without having to do something else :D
mostly because I think she's had the most development as far as a character goes
plus the situations she faces are entertaining to me
Is....is that a good thing? >_>
Dog and Pony show comes to mind..
indeed
I especially like the element of her character relating to boys
Yes it is?
because, I don't see her as some manipulative witch
Yesterday I was here while I was probably supposed to do something else
Okay... just checking
She's generous.
she was simply raised under the assumption that men and women act in certain ways
and has grown accustomed to being treated like a lady
ohai bronies
Valthejean, did you play the fallout games? I don't remember if you already answered that question before
and in addition, because she receives so much attention, she's a bit oblivious to Spike's feelings
howdy Robotpinkie
I played one of them a while ago
can't remember which one
/me 10waves at http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F0E7rWt_t0w
alright.
10lol
10I failed to copypaste robotpinkie's name
lol
Just sayin', Fallout: Equestria doesn't have the mane 6 as the mane characters
10so apparently you can have another incubus song?
lol
Just type "Robo" and hit tab :P
well even still Dermathil, I wont read it
and hey RainBroDash
I can't bear to read fanfics
10yo:3
Ponies have influenced my decision making.
10why? :P
10D:
Causing me to get a muffin instead of a danish at a gas stop
>yfw I still want to cry rivers when I think of the latest chapter, 12 hours after reading it
/me 10hides in a corner
Chocolate chip
Well, some of that nonsense is pretty good...
lol, I'm sorry Rainbrodash
I just really doubt that Robotpinkie
If you were to ever read a single fic, I'd recommend FO:E.
I mean there's a lot of crap, obviously...
10hehe, its fine dude, I thought the same not too long ago
Petrol station muffins...getting close to baked bads thar sir!
honestly I wouldn't like FO:E dermathil
Just because of the fact that it is over 440 000 words long and is very well written.
/me 10enjoys a lot of the cheesy shipfics, because he's a crazy motherfucker
I hate muffins.
Not that bad, actually.
inb4 !moon
!moon
Grab my tail, Dawn!
Muffins are cupcakes without frosting.
I understand that, Val.
I have plenty of other sources for my depression needs
I'm not a fan of shipping, but to each his/her own
10xD
but ponies are my stimulant of happiness :P
heh, well I can agree with the first part Robotpinkie :P
I'm a drug called ponies
Want anything stronger than anything you already got for depressive thoughts, read it.
10RainBroDash is RainBroDash's source of happiness
There. Happy?
Chocalate muffins
It is just so darn powerful.
If you try it once you will POMF
now that I think about it, I'd prefer reading a fanfic (not clopfic) over seeing shipping
/me is feeling his eyes watering again.
heh, there are very few things in this world that can make me shed a tear
Oh, then you'll cry rivers.
10I couldn't live if I didn't have me. Me and I, we're like best buddies to the end
or maybe I was always a cold heartless bastard :P
lol
I was banging seven gram ponies, that's how I roll
inb4 Rainbrodash is shipped with himself
10rofl
oh wait that came out wrong...
How was your trip?
Even cold heartless bastards cry when reading FO:E. It has a few VERY cheap shots.
10also ValtheJean I couldn't be shipped with me, I love me too much
lol
It wasn't bad.
(cheap shots being cheap as in they hurt as hell inside reading them, not that they're actually cheaply written)
/me 10has become horribly narcissistic over the last few months, it's great.
I dunno
eh, again I doubt that it'd move me derma
!hug
Hugtiem? :3
/me wraps her front hooves around B-Man in a tight embrace
Don't knock it 'til you try it.
I love parts of myself :P
good morning everypony!! =)
moderation in all things.
Because I though I wouldn't cry either.
...except ponies, ponies are the exception to that
morning!
Morning, Firelight.
7omg omg omg
Until I reached a specific chapter that pulled at a few sensible strings.
/me is up at completely the wrong time of day. :(
ohai Satheria
10I stumbled home drunk to my mother's house one time a couple weeks ago, and my mum wondered what the noise was. She found me staring in a mirror giggling wildly and going 'oh my god man. Never change, you fucking ROCK' and giggling more
A wild sathi appeared!
10I was literally pointing at my reflection going I LOVE YOU BRO
Haha
/me throws masterball
It's nearly noon.
My time.
and lol RBD
It's always the wrong time of DAY
Same here. But I usually work nights.
/me 10is insane, but the best kind of insane
7Ohai :P
The past couple of days have made my sleep schedule all wonky.
I do that too whenever I look into my pants, RainBroDash
10XD
10oh lawdy~
what he doesn't mention is all the ladies cower in horror :P
lololol
Dashite?
Out of curiosity, can anyone see a PMV set to this song? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRLdhFVzqt4
lolol not too far from the truth, ValtheJean :P
10I've been like that looking in the mirror recently, even though i've got more weight to lose, I'm starting to look/feel relatively trim
Anybody here knows the game Shattered Horizons?
eenope
10^
My profile on my mom's laptop is now about 20% cooler.
darn.
Apple Jack theme for Google Chrome. :D
I need to work out more...
man...I'm not sure what to do...should I just go to the library now or wait and see if it wont happen until later?
I know what it is, Dermathil
You're basically astronauts shooting eachother in Zero-G
I just saw this video on youtube and well my sister is still crying and my tears came to me XD
nice, RP.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gtwq6RM9Og&feature=feedf
...because I think you linked me to it a couple of weeks back :P
aaah
I've got a Twilight Persona for Firefox. :P
it's the one where you got an awesome kill ratio?
I remember this comic....
WAIT! It'S DIFFERENT!
*sits for a minute*
total KDR for the entire game account is 1.5
but I usually do 40+ kills per game now
usually with a KDR of 10+
All I could find for Google Chrome as an Apple Jack theme.
That's pretty good
So I used it.
Just that shitty early games balances it out
Freakin' beautiful.
http://stats.shatteredhorizon.com/stats/playerStatistics.action?playerId=78053
dat be stats
my little ponies!
10RobotPinkie If you believe you need to work out more, then do it :P I can't really say much, since when I started losing weight I was in this wonderful equilibrium between crippling self-loathing and inexplicably strong self-loving. Weight loss is a strange thing
dawn that is the sound track of fallout equestria
10You kinda have to be in the right mindset, but you can't control it
Sheoot.
hi fellow bronies
10I just -happened- to have the perfect balance to start losing shedloads of weight XD
btw. I'm pretty sure you'd like the game, Val.
fellow bronies, listen up!
i need your aid again
Yeah
oh?
I walk a lot more than I used to
huhwha?
where can i find a good download link for all the MLP Season 1 Episodes in 1080p?
The problem being there are almost nobody playing it anymore
though
I assume you want them for free.
So buying them off itunes is a no-go.
well
Game was great and very daring
ofc
oh... thats not easy
Like I got temporary problems with my knees, and that's when I decided I couldn't be such a lazy bastard :P
but wasn't popular
WAIT
they are on I-Tunes?
They are.
well I might look it up at one point
how much?
I dunno about 1080p... but i know a place where they are <_<
$2 an episode.
due to the fact that it is in space and you gotta check your 360 degrees on all three axis
mmmhh
youtube
derpyhooves.com has downloads, mostly 1080p
but not all
cool
thanks
you know
so I had a *fun* interaction with my new roommate
im loading them from YT right now
Kewl, need more eps for PMV stuff.
but they sometimes have that stupid hub logo and so on
It's much harder to train when you've got studies though, RainBroDash
i dont like that
10RobotPinkie, I just disliked all of the discomfort, whether it came from social anxiety (I'm a really anxious person), or genuine physical discomfort like chafing. I hated being overweight
missing 4-12 except 8 in 1080p
seeing how i want them for a special kind of MLP video
so I'm moving in, and as I'm unpacking and whatnot he arrives.
crop out the bottom
we start chatting it up, all that jazz
messy, but it works
naah
and at one point I mention I'm a rather huge internet nerd
thats cheap
10and robotpinkie I started losing weight while I was studying my last few months of A-Levels, to get into Uni. Not the hardest studies, but I found it bloody hard
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/6577296/My_little_pony__Friendship_is_magic_season_1_1080p
of which he replies that he's all tolerant and "each their own" kind of person
so there, I'm going "cool beans"
there, all episodes in 1080p :P
alright, leaving now.
and proceed to hang the MLP Comic-Con poster
10cya dermathil
i stopped using torrents when we got a dmca notice for spore
Well, yeah RainBroDash, but I mean I might have to settle for just the walks for now.
Cyall when I'm back from my 3 hours class!
see ya later dermathil
i love you colgate
later Dermathil
he goes a bit silent for a while...and then goes back to work
i think it was because of seeding
lilfut, get a program called ipblock
YAR HAR FIDDLE DEE DEE
awkward, but that isn't even the best part
10well robotpinkie I still don't have much muscle mass, so at the moment all my exercise is fine from just doing pressups and situps
i dont wanna risk it dude
the next morning, he walks up to me
Colgate: sorry I don't love you. You're nice, but I'm an aquafresh man.
and says:
"I'm not trying to imply anything, but last night I had a dream that you were a cross-dresser and tried to seduce me"
/me 10is waiting with bated breath
I'll stick to Jack.
10LOL
my dad is going to murder my face if we get dmca'd again
LAWL
10ahaahahaha
alright, leaving.
>mfw: >.<
Then pirate off someone elses network.
for Spore: the game?
10xD N'awww ValtheJean that's hilarious
how areyou getting DMCAd?
Oh wow ValtheJean
10xD
i torrented spore
and ea sent charter a dmca
well
thats an obvious one
and charter called us about it
Well as long as it's not too conscious :P
Spore was overprotected by EA
lol
without using any sort of protection I'm assuming
thus, you were a low hanging fruit
to be fair, I probably broke out the posters a little TOO soon
i still dont wanna fuck with it
yeah you prolly did
mmyeaah maybe
life was much simpler as a closet brony :P
I look forward to the time when you tell me about his brony conversion story :P
also wrong tab>.>
10^me
lol, I dunno about that
/shrug, your loss
Lol
Lilfut
I'm not too big on the whole "converting" people thing
i dont pirate, the only reason i torrented spore was because i lost my cd key
10I'm hiding everything pony
how much did you have to pay?
i didnt
I dunno, I have a Pinkie Pie on my desk during Physics class.
but?
it was a warning
Only the immigrant kids talk to me, olololololol
well, this is a rather extreme religious university
mhm
Bigots, bigots everywhere, RobotPinkie
/me 10refuses to comment on the word religious
so heh...maybe if they start getting on my nerves about jebus I'll start converting them :P
10>.>
I mostly pirate games that are unavaible
Why would you torrent something if you lost your key?
At shops or otherwise
You could just get a new key without downloading the game.
Oh, ouch, that does change things a bit, ValtheJean
lol, tis a good stance Rainbrodash :P
leave me alone D;
i could, but my disc was also scratched
10I'm not embracing the pony at all during University. As strange as it is, I'll have a hard enough time making a great new circle of friends without going HAI GUISE PONY TIEM?
aaaah
i hadnt played spore for 2 or 3 years
I'll comment on religions for you, RainBroDash !
10yeaah no
10:p
They're all equally valid!
10I refuse to discuss it
lolol
10XD
lol
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=InGTiCDBPZI&feature=related ... o-o
my desire to wear pony shirts overpowered my "no, don't tell people you gigantic moron"
Nah but seriously, I get along with pretty much everypony.
I say we let people believe in whatever they want, so long as they don't push their beliefs onto the rest of us
IN other news
lol at the best comment
dat comic man, dat comic
10meh :O
also hi AllisZero, before I forget :P
10meh:P*
what comic?
the comic has been mentioned!
/me rages
/me goes to EqD
Hi RobotPinkie
...I still don't get what comic... :P
Sea ponies?
meh, it's the comic about RD being a wonderbolt
7suddenly
7a wild stream appeared
ahhhh
7get it while it's hot
QUICK!
Nice!
/me throws masterball
/me pounces Sathi's stream
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/08/comic-memories.html
That, RP
hmmm, it says offline to me
nm
10whatcha streamin?
Oh... that's kinda old, also why are people raging over it? :P
I just saw it, that's why
And then ValtheJean went full horseapples
I said it before, but just to make sure I don't look like an ass, if I suddenly disconnect it's because my apartment complex is doing maintenance on our internet connection
lolol oh okay
oh which I will then run my ass to the Library >.<
10:D
and yeah, what AllisZero said :P
lol may I ask why?
oh dear
I mean I don't mean to stir up crap or something
nah it's fine
ohey, I have XP open, wonder how long it has been like that -.-
the only thing that legitimately makes me angry is shipping
10:<
but yeah as far as the comic goes
/me 10hides in the corner again
basically, it just brings to mind a lot of the senseless love for RD when she has so little character development
I thought it was cute, though way too sappy or something
/me ends rant
I can understand that, ValtheJean
RINNNNNBARRRRRRDOSSSSSHHHH....the sidekick of DURRRRRRRGARRRRRRR
Kinda wish they'd do more with Dash than just "I love to win at everything!"
lol
this is going to get confusing fast
Makes her sound like a very simple character
Well, actually.. she is a very simple character
pretty much
I think that we'll get to know more about everypony's personality in S2
RD is the epitome of the talented fictional character for whom things come easily
I would hope so
*cough* Mary Sue *cough*
lolol
so what are we watching, even?
Kennen and Kel
Truth be told I like all of them
10We're watching Kenan and Kel?!
Yeah, I think all the ponies are pretty much awesome
though I do have preference for some
O_o
10aslfkjnag my stream isn't going to work ;___;
so guys
i have a question
I have answers
New post on Equestria Daily by Sethisto: MLP Online Botique Demo (http://tinyurl.com/3rr4p49)
wtf MLP Online demo?
MUFFIN?
great
MUFFIN
but actually
the question is stupid
so i wont ask it
I have stupid answers too
10we all know best pony is colgate/apple fritter anyway
10so why do we bother discussing it
o rly?
10ya rly/
SillRinbar that's no how you spell Spitfire/SweetieBell
give me a second
Silly Rinbar
@pony The pony about to get hot and sweaty with RinBarDosh
6 The pony about to get hot and sweaty with RinBarDosh is 15Sweetie 6Be13ll6e
10EdwardNewgate: >Sweetiebelle. >not sure if srs
Hoo. (Channel stats page updated! View at: http://kamek.piiym-net.com/chromadancer )
would you guys watch re-cuts of the episodes that make MLP seem more serious, while including various stuff made by the community, like replacing songs with remixes?
YFW I love SweetieBell
Dem stats
ladies and gentlemen
seems RinBarDosh does too!
I present to you
Exhibit A:
http://i142.photobucket.com/albums/r118/ValtheJean/Caramel.jpg
10XD
10<3
If it has ponies, we'll watch it.
:P
will you like it?
Haha
oh wow
/me will now use this as blackmail for the rest of Rinbardosh's life
@pony The pony about to get hot and sweaty with EdwardNewgate
6 The pony about to get hot and sweaty with EdwardNewgate is 7Applej8ack
/me 10couldn't care less as long as he gets Apple Fritter
Makes sense.
imokaywiththat
Hoo can tell?
10@pony RobotPinkie's secret sex-tool pony (ew)
6 RobotPinkie's secret sex-tool pony (ew) is 6Spik3e
Hoo?
10PAH
10you lose :p
I believe "eww" is right :P
@pony The pony to get hot and sweaty with RobotPinkie (come on Apple Fritter!)
6 The pony to get hot and sweaty with RobotPinkie (come on Apple Fritter!) is 10Trix11ie
Hoo!
i know
10FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF ROBOTPINKIE DO NOT TEMPT FATE
I'm very okay with that.
Great, now I have that bit in PONIES: The Anthology stuck in my head.
i dont like gritty ponies either
i expressed myself wrong
what i ment was "cinematic"
not serious
@pony The pony to get hot and sweaty with everypony but Rinbardosh
6 The pony to get hot and sweaty with everypony but Rinbardosh is 6Cheeri13lee
/me 10is ok with this
@pony The pony to get hot and sweaty with ValtheJean
ny01
6 The pony to get hot and sweaty with ValtheJean is 15Princess 11Ce9le12st13ia
O_o
MOLESTIA
10@pony RBD's roommate at University
6 RBD's roommate at University is 7Applej8ack
I'M RICH!
/me Is okay with this as well
10oh for f- AJ.
Eh, as with anything, if it's done well yeah.
Sweet.
It works.
#EquestrianStudy
Why
ny01?
Just, really, why
ny01?
lol
New York.
kk, then ill do it!
2001.
Stop reading the comments on this comic
Rinbardosh y u no liek AJ?
you know, as much as I like metal and whatnot, I don't really like any of the FiM metal remixes
Where you at, Sathi?
uh, ok, that's random
10because she's joint worst mane 6 with rarity?
I had to open with something.
screw u!
dun dun duuuuuunnnnnnn
@pony The pony to get hot and sweaty with Sathi
6 The pony to get hot and sweaty with Sathi is 8Bo12nB13on
It was better than "Help! My left testicle is on fire!"
I disagree
Though Trixie is forever best pony
Fine. I will open with that in the future, then.
10@pony RBD's waifu
6 RBD's waifu is 4Big Macint7osh
10FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
@pony RinBarDosh's pocket pony
6 RinBarDosh's pocket pony is 10Sni5ps
I chuckled out loud
People in the hallway stopped
lolol oh Xena
10>.>
7of course
7we all know dari can troll best
lol
10D: it's so plausible!
/me facehoofs.
btw
@pony RinBarDosh's not-so-secret lover
6 RinBarDosh's not-so-secret lover is 4Big Macint7osh
who here reads fanfics?
7so any requests?
10............................
Yo.
it's the same reason he refuses to add Caramel into the database :P
i never red a single one
Wait until Rinbar and I troll the nuts off of Dari with the B movie
7more angry beavers?
I dunno... That Mitchell & Webb Look, Sathi?
requests ey? hmmmmmmm
it seems like every fanfic is either: Grim Dark ponies!!! or sex
They help pass the work when I'm at time.
some...
sorry, RainBroDashie, I mean :P
Or something.
10EdwardNewgate let it be done
I'm fine with that if everypony else is
10in teal now
10:P
It will be done
and i dont like either
10D:
lol, what are you guys going to pick for the B movie? The old MLP movie or something?
who came up with the stupid idea of shipping in MLP, anyways?!
10y u sTEAL my teal
Can't say, Dari might be watching
10Cause it looks 20% cooler on me
10^
lol
Fans
That Mitchell & Webb Look, RainBroDashie... and if not that, well, I'm kinda fine with whatever. :P
thanks, sherlock!
10plus, you know he does a ctrl-F of the chat logs, looking for his name
All fandoms have shipping, go figure
Do you have Rugrats?
10because he wubs himself :3
NOT TRUE
lol
i know one that doesnt
/me enjoys shipping
/me 10is speculating, but probably true ;D
Oh really? What?
omg I remember this show
Alien vs Predator
Cow & Chicken works!
Not possible.
mfw Seth MacFarlane's old show
BS.
I've seen pictures of aliens making out with predators
That ain't true
yes, its all true
....there are ships there.
ah fuck
one of the best openings ever
you´r probably right
but atleast
isn't this show done by the same VA?
truth
it not that much common there
Now my desktop background is epic.
PAX is tomorrow!
Hell, I don't watch AvP or even like the concept, yet I've seen it
http://www.newgrounds.com/art/view/happy3kmed/alien-facehugger
as in, one VA for all the characters
i r baboon
@pony The pony Apple Fritter is taking to bed tonight
6 The pony Apple Fritter is taking to bed tonight is 7Brae8burn
Saying there's no ships is like saying thee isn't any explicit material about it. Rule 34.
Taggerung, is that a bad thing?
MrPoniator: IKR!?
10....
Shipping is fun. '
10@pony The pony RBD is taking to bed tonight
6 The pony RBD is taking to bed tonight is 7Mr Br15eezy
is it true this site will brodcast season 2 live?
Spide Applebloom otp. <3
10.............
*spike
10yes
10CHAENNE welcome
10and Yes
I believe that's the plan, yes
Yeah, CHAENNE
I don't like ponyshipping in general, but that's just me.
awesome, bookmarked :D
10:D
Twilight and Luna, over here. FTW!
@Nickel_Scream: Oh, good. My first thought was "why is everything bigger and eight?"
@pony The pony EN is taking to bed tonight
6 The pony EN is taking to bed tonight is 10Trix11ie
/me will be in classes when S2 airs
Imwaymorethanokaywiththis.jpg
/me is a sad pony :(
10Hope to see you here, feel free to pop in friday and saturday nights, we stream movies and pony episodes
I like S x AB cause all the fics I've seen have been both clean and adorable.
10<< needs a reboot
10derpy is playing with the sounds again
@pony The pony that pony is taking to pony tonight (pony)
6 The pony that pony is taking to pony tonight (pony) is 2Princess L10una
I try to avoid shipping.
@pony The pony most similar to Apple Fritter
6 The pony most similar to Apple Fritter is 6Twilight Spa13rk6le
WHEN WILL THE MADNESS END?
I'll shiptease all to hell and back, though.
NEVAR!
what happen to streams?
/me wonders if he'll get kicked if he posts in teal
10this weekend we're doing a Lord of the Rings special CHAENNE, showing 1 LotR film per night with 2 pony episodes, every night from friday night through sunday night
10EdwardNewgate you will
wow, i happen to be a huge tolken fan. what time?
10I believe 7 eastern?
I think so
it should be on the homepage, no?
the info that is
cool. i'll definitely be there
10cool stuff :D
thanks
@pony The pony that AppleBroFritter is cuddling tonight
6 The pony that AppleBroFritter is cuddling tonight is 11Photofin15ish
Oh!
10My biggest fantasy is a clopfic involving AppleFritter, Colgate, and me
10should be a decent turn-out, no worries
Hello Gilda.
Dang it Kyogre, stop being emo!
10RinBarDosh stop pretending to be me you lemon
Hey, ponies.
10also, so true
Heyo.
/me blushes
hi
@pony AppleBroFritter's favorite pony
6 AppleBroFritter's favorite pony is 7Scoota6loo
/me stretches her wings.
And help me raise my Luna the Absol until it learns Perish Song!
Been a while.
True...
GILDA
lol I really want to know if he removed Apple Fritter :P
its you and me
nah he didn't
*rips Gildas spine out*
10he didn't I don't think
10@pony RBD's waifu
6 RBD's waifu is 14Silver S15poon
/me knows all gilda really needs is a friend and a hug.
10fff again?
That's rather anticlimatic
0@pony The pony that will never sleep with Rainbrodash
6 The pony that will never sleep with Rainbrodash is 8Apple Bl4oom
I should really try getting a good natured Vullaby and name it Gilda.
@pony Silver Spoon's secret identity
6 Silver Spoon's secret identity is 6Cheeri13lee
/me blinks at the guy making those strange motions across the room
0so close >.<
10thin ice rinbardosh
10xD
yeah MrPoniator, stop making these strange motions
@pony Sarah-Selene's favorite pony
6 Sarah-Selene's favorite pony is 7Ste6ven Mag7net
hello Sarah-Selene
Is this true?
0Also, how many colour warnings does I get?
What
i have so little an idea of what is going on right now
2 I believe
Well, as long as we're all happy, whatever.
lol, that's to be expected CHAENNE :P
Not much really, CHAENNE :P
So, what's up?
I think I can sum it up with this:
Row row fight da powah
10XD CHAENNE we're just chatting, sathi (sarah-selene) will be streaming some oldschool tv shows soon
CHAENNE: be sure to be online this weekend
G'day
10CARAMEL IS BEST PONY, COLGATE IS WORST PONY
@pony spam goes on from time to time.
6 spam goes on from time to time. is 7Mr Br15eezy
hahaha
lolol
I thought a space before would prevent that :P
Trololol
only 15%? hmmm, he's broken :P
10@pony RBD's waifu
6 RBD's waifu is 3Granny Sm15ith
10amagad
10I give up
NICE GET!
whats a waifu
10F U
@pony RainbroDash's real waifu
6 RainbroDash's real waifu is 9App3le 8Fritter
O_o
You're welcome
I got my markers in the mail today. :D
She can give you a gummer you'll never forget, RainBroDash
OH WAT?
10from Urban Dictionary: "Weeaboo for "wife". Don't say this word ever, please. "
10lol'd
Rainbrodash
WAT!
Gilda, have you fought the power today yet?
HAX!
RainBroDash.... look above...
10oh my god
10OH MY GOD
it can't be!
Have you done the impossible?
lolol
Blame the ninjas!
Just for you Rainbro
The spatial inverse of down.
What?
Hi
Have you seen the invisible?
it finally happened!
Row row, fight the power!
sup j-pie?
Nothing, just that DerpyChat is ruining the reputation of bronies
@pony RobotPinkie's secret lover
6 RobotPinkie's secret lover is 6Spik3e
Gilda: he's asking you if you've drilled towards the heavens.
?
Hot!
@pony House's secret lover
6 House's secret lover is 6Cheeri13lee
derpychat?
10am I in heaven?
Touch the untouchable
derpyhooves.com
He's asking me nothin' that makes any sense.
You might be, RainBroDash
@inHeavenmeter Rainbrodash
6 Rainbrodash is 54% inHeaven. (1515)
They allowed another crazed mod to go on a rampage, banning people for no reason.
gilda: in context it does. out of context its crazy.
10that settles it.
Then when you report someone for harassment they are never punished
Jpie: its cool, they'll just come here then
@chilledmeter RobotPinkie's soda.
6 RobotPinkie's soda. is 61% chilled. (1516)
Yup
Well then show me some context!
Close enough, I'm thirsty
I just want the word to get around
Break the unbreakable, Gilda
where is derpychat?
That they're not pony
row row, fight da powah!
www.derpyhooves.com
er, is it another irc channel?
is what I meant
uh
I'm gonna break YOU if you don't start making sense, dude.
PCpin
ur thirsty? im in a house who's ac broke in palm desert, CA. 95-115 degrees all day
0boo-who?
I know that feel Chaenne
lol i'm drinking a tall glass of ice cream right now
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipy1ZJQeUcs&feature=related
I need to ask Twilight about that one.
Twilight told me this video is about Row Row Fight The Power!(Rap Is A Man&#39;s Soul)
literall
y
Milkshake!
That comic
dat luna wallpaper
Ruined my day ;_:
I plead the 3rd.
ez bewwy bewwy nice
I'm crossing the Sahara right now and typing this on my Blackberry
really? jesus.
oh, it is entirely browser based
phfff, I've got you beat
amazing
Not really, no :P
well, screw that
I'm sending this from the sun
Sahara has internets?
/me 0is cutting weight. Has had nothing more filling than tuna fish in last 4 days
you bitches have no idea how hot it is here in the sun :P
What is this? Laaame.
I'm in Sweden, that's pretty close to the Sahara!
IN the sun?
eeyup
right in the cente
r
I'm just making sure they get such a bad reputation, that they will either have to completely reassign new admins and mods
sweden? jag alskar sweden
or.. wait
Or shut the chat down
i spelled that wrong i think
you wouldn't BELIEVE how hard it is to get a computer that can work in excessive temperature
They do not have a right to call themselves brony, while allowing open abuse of participants from trolls and mods
LOL Get this
meh, irc is probably better than whatever they're running -.-
I swear, it's like everything here just melts
like my face
Well, Sweden is "Sverige," and there are some dots missing, but otherwise completely right, CHAENNE
"OATMEAL, REALLY?" just exploded in my office
:D cool
Do the impossible, see the invisible, ROW ROW, FIGHT THE POWER
the entire day at work i was listening to Celestia Radio
I look to the side, my assistant is looking at me dumbfounded with his iPhone in hands
0I want more wenches
glad you like my country :D
10AllisZero.... wat?
Celestia bless Celestia Radio
'That... was not Fluttershy'
Trolls are a part of everything.
lolol
"WELL yeah I assume so... are you, watching it... on your phone right now?"
'Maybe....'
/me brohoofs AllisZero
In fact I theorize its because of the intenet hate machine the bronies took off so much.
/me brohoofs RobotPinkie
/me is listening to Celestia Radio
10rofl
People grow tired of mindless hatred and agression.
/me has never heard of Celestia Radio until now.
INSTEAD
0MIGHTY MORPHING POWER RANGERasdfkljsdf
they go for
PONIES
Thus, internet people seek a more peaceful, accepting community.
The stuff they're playing right now is a bit moody but mostly it's good.
GOKAI CHANGE
0Valthejean except better
Yup except for DerpyChat
HERESY!
Bronies are just the otherside of the coin for anonymous.
MLP has become the most powerfull force in the internet
Now that was funny
Who said that?
0NO U
me
It's why people went along with facisim after le First World War. Same thing.
Funny thing is it was super loud too
I, for one, welcome our adorable new overlords.
Agreed!
oh Nickel
Lawdee: moot did
you have still much too learn
i have never once visited facebook
@Nickel_Scream: Sure you don't have that backwards?
nope
facebook finally surprased porn in terms of bandwidth
Man, I need a pony shirt
...*jawdrop*
proof it...
I want one as well, but a good one, not a shitty one
i need one of little strongheart.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yLxGOLaM5dQ&feature=related
Yeah... I like that Pinkie Pie one from welovefine a lot
0http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODqdlBeC0ns
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Soap Drop" - "lol all clean like me"
woah
http://www.buzzom.com/2011/03/social-networking-sites-attracts-more-users-than-porn-sites/
thats what i was going for
there you go.
Sethisto played UO? win
social networking sites
NOT facebook
PRISON RIOT!
hey, are we all wathcing the same thing?
alright
/me sighs
but still
eeyup
Yes Kitten?
/me hugs Kitten
10if it's in that box on the left, then yeah :P
facebook is a social networking site, and its somewhat synonymous with social networking
also, that is going by hits, and not bandwidth
oh wow there are new shirts :O
0ohai Red guy
yeah I got that point confused.
because i'm quite confused as to why the hell i'm looking at a demon prisonguard
But still, hits are worth more than bandwidth
http://www.welovefine.com/img/p/663-1572-large.jpg
its a old show
lol
also
because each hit is a person, versus bandwidth were one pornhound could take up a lot more of the number
soon
MLP will be Number 1
hit != person
That one's pretty nice...
I've never used facebook or similiar sites, heh
10Cow & Chicken :D
me neither
but i have used Ponies
then you two are luddites.
Me neither also...
?
"pork butts"?
10oh wow this brings back ridiculous memories
What!?
Come into the modern effing world and use a social networking site.
NUCLEAR LAUNCH DETECTED
this is strange
I don't like social media sites
10it is.
PFFFFT
They're pretty cool, and useful for organizing things and keep in contact.
you know whats also pretty cool?
I only use them because some people I know can only be contacted through them because they never check their email asdf
Facebook is nothing but a drama site.....
colgate: man, why dont you drop that BS and get to whitening teeth?
PONEIS
<3
fuck
Nickel, tell me a reason to do so, when all my friends and buddies have either IRC, Skype or MSN, and I'm in contact with them, in real time, every day?
i mean PONIES
So what do you think the odds are that EqD will hit 40 million before Sept 17th?
>_>
:P
lol I love this show, but they still show it on CN here sometimes.
its possible
mr: because I doubt literally every one of your friends doesnt have a facebook.
i guess
0Now THIS is WAY better than Rocko's modern life
and my personal favorite CN show, Courage the Cowardly Dog
uhm
It'll hover at 39,999,999 until the episode airs.
Nuclear: This
10anyway gonna go potter about the house, maybe grab some munch
alot of my friends dont have facebook
ah, Courage was a good show
Some of 'em have facebook, some don't, some use different service
10be back in a little bit
see ya later Rainbro :P
i'll look for courage
can you stream an episode of Courage later, Sathi? :3
what other service do they use?
later RainBroDash
Hi
Heheh
10bye me
10ciao
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=TUE14bqxkDE
I need to ask Twilight about that one.
Hello
Twilight told me this video is about ShiNeigh Teeth and Me (Shiny Teeth and Me PMV)
10lolwut
lol
Google+, MySpace, and what have you
NOOO
NOOOOOOOOO
I can't think of anyone I know who doesn't have facebook, other than family.
im crying right now
FUCK
I would never admit to using myspace unless I was a band.
Thats some old hat.
the "ITS TIME TO FIND OUT" video got banned 8 [
Well, those buddies of mine who do ARE musicians, so...
Wait, what happened
Did I mention I have a Krookorok named Gummy?
how can i life without that...
HAHA, oh man
/me hugs Ari
What video?
i didn't get my parrot :(
FUCK
and i want to get a tattoo
i could have thrown the joke there
7FOR-EVER
but no
its banned
FOREEEEEVERRRRRR
:O
removed from youtube
we will miss you, Optimus
but my mom has the rule of no getting a tattoo while under her roof
Sathi, y u no play pinkie pie forever?
7good plan
I shall return friends! I must absorb calories for the living!
/me slowly takes a bite from an apple while looking at Sathi
Hey, can I have everyone's attention, please? I have a quick question for us all.
?
Yes
Blood for the blood god! Calories for the living!
Fire away, RainDancer.
lolol
ohai pinkie
I am listening attentively!
Eh yup
/me takes his glasses
lol
Please, proceed
Can promise ears, can't promise coherent response.
My, aren't we obliging tonight.
*RainDancer goes AFK
olol
It's a bit of a April
Gimme a minute XD
Ok
I have to run, got band practice. Catch you lovely people later.
/me flicks her fringe feathers.
Later, Ske-- dammit.
a surgery?
oh wow
(Pardon my Anglic, ist y first language.)
Huh? Why country?
http://kamek.piiym-net.com/chromadancer/equestriadaily.html
Hi
Has breakdown by what countries those of us who've given Owlowysius stats claim, gender, age, etc.
Parchment_Scroll: ?
hey Barry
howdy barry
ohai
well, I wouldn't trust those stats
It's a start.
Could you eloborate the question, Rain?
considering most people put down Equestria for their country :P
You mean a "study," not a "surgury?"
Are you saying they're.... LYING?
What what WHAT
why am I still not in front of lunasta
ffffff
Dammit
...Probably. XD
you don't spam enough
I get that, but the end of the question's still a bit wack.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WxVyg3-3d0M
My faith in my fellow bronies is shattered.
.....
That didn't take much
I am dissapoint
@pony Barry's secret crush (I.R. Baboon!)
6 Barry's secret crush (I.R. Baboon!) is 0,1Z1,0e0,1c1,0o0,1r1,0a
back. whats going on?
MY FAVORITE PART
Where you from anyway, RainDancer?
I am Weasel!
RainDancer wants to know what country bronies are from.
so awesome
I really overuse "awesome" don't I
But the word awesome is just so awesome
Me? Germany. Breslau.
I love how he constantly smells his finger...
I keep trying to get on the "language of their own" list. :P
>:D
Too bad I can't talk in german anymore
I always try to say something different too bad my vocabulary is quite limited :V
*up
I used to be somewhat good with it
7ValtheJean: PM
I'm not sure how Owloysius got the age data
sorry my computer overheated
I'm good with the german accent
*GULP*
Age huh.....
just not the language.
Wait, age?
welcome back, CHAENNE
@Colgate: You can give him your birthdate.
I'm the oldest one in his DB, apparently.
yeah, there's an age section
/me is a fogey.
Phew!
fogey?
as in old?
H'okay. So, if folk could just type what country they're in? I'll log this section of chat for review.
is this the same show?
I glanced at "fogey" and saw "Fogerty." Not sure why.
RainDancer: /who #EquestriaDaily
I'm in the Nethelands
Netherlands*
Lol wat
then just read off the domains, usually lines up with country
Saunaland on the country list
Colgate: Zhat data is a tad circumspect
Finland has a nickname now!
also, <Colgate> RainDancer: /who #EquestriaDaily
Yay for needless pinging
whenever I get pinged, my system speaker beeps
and I have an awesome system speaker
It's "I Am Weasel", and it's part of "Cow & Chicken"... at least at this point, it was later made into its own stand-alone show
whenever I get pinged I pong.
Mine makes the Windows "Ding" sound.
7Alright guys semi afk.. will try to switch shows as they end
Mine makes a small blip
Fuckin weasel
Oh, wait, no it doesn't. Not for pings.
Okay, Sathi
Pings slip by silently, like a malevolent black cloud of REQ/ACK
!seen KnightLight
CogWeaver: The last time I saw KnightLight was Wed 24 Aug 2011 08:23:38 PM CEST
while(1) printf("\a");
dooooo it
Okay, plugging again.
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HAIEycWLLbI
Twilight told me this video is about PMV - Sonic (Rain)Boom
Same video as yesterday. Needs moar views.
this is so wierd
I don't think that /who thing's gonna be much good, dude, all I see is .nets and .coms.
Eeeeyup
protectedhost-C6B66F44.ntlworld.ie
;_;
you are from ireland, .ie
That comic man, that comic
~chatzilla@protectedhost-C9049BF0.austin.res.rr.com
@pony Chaenne's waifu now and forever
6 Chaenne's waifu now and forever is 15Rari6ty
that PMV is awesome.
US
You like it that much, AllisZero?
I love that song
Not only can -- THANKS!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FzxDTPePtvQ ... i made this one ^^
Not only can you tell where I'm from, you can see my cable provider is Time Warner.
Actually no, it's not the comic
Tower of Zalost
TOWER OF ZALOST
Yay!
/me 's IRL is from Ireland, true, though I don't normally give out my location or gender. It's unavoidable sometimes, though.
>.<
uuuhg bleah
*bleach
second best cartoon of all time! ...or almost, anyway
I liked it for what it is but it's the feelings it brought to the surface that kinda give me the chills
Gilda: so you're either a guy trying to pretend girlitude or a girl hiding from randy nerds.
well, you were either from ireland, or connecting through a proxy in ireland, /shrug
Won't work. You're Irish, which translates to "awesome" in my book. :P
I can see why
@firelight: Good start. I think you can work a bit more at making it feel more like the Bleach OP, but that's mee.
Is there really a third option there, Nickel?
Reason being I've always been very conscious about the passage of time
Er, "me."
i'm half irish, does that count for anything?
just as a reminder, tomorrow(friday) at 7:00?
Then don't play "Passage" :P
Gilda: Yes.
Gilda: Erin go bragh! ^_^
Passage?
Gilda: Your a transexual whose experience a form of freedom in a place where people dont judge by apperarnce but by thoughts.
/me starts chewing a minty stick of gum.
Colgate: you're a terrible representitive, gum is bad for teeth.
Erin abu!
/me stares
EST, CHAENNE, I'm pretty sure
7 eastern is like 9 pacific, right?
that is the 3rd option.
but it is minty!
I'm also a griffon in a room full of crazs ponies.
nope
dunno exactly
7 eastern is 4 pacific I believe
crazy*
Hey, I resent that remark!
oh ok
cool
This room could hold a LOT more ponies.
And one talking piece of paper
Nukes......
LOL
Mmmm. Ponies
...
Hi Gilda!
I am not my name.
Hey Nuke.
7dumb fabric
Nukes are funny. Because they explode.
Hi Fireant!
And everypony else!
Hello
............
lolol
uh oh, it is FA, hide!
So, who here has Pokemon B/W and wants to know how to get a 2nd Master Ball?
SillyNilly: tellthat to a Japenese person. >_>
Time to go make an emotionally charged blog post so I can read it in 10 years and feel embarrassed of myself
Well this smartphone is laggy.
Huh
Oshawott?
raindancer: Don't get serious. Otherwise you'll lose the power to breath.
and Passage was a short "game," meant to evoke certain feeling
hello, i'm prolly gonna get the 843 error soon
What's that?
Japan
Nukes
Oh I get it.....
the "server error thing."
Deep.
sux
whoa you screenshotted it
JackiePie: What I'm saying is that you can get a second Master Ball. Honest.
843 error?
Pinkie Pie promise.
That I did
That's awesome and scary at the same time
nvm
thanks Parchment ^^... but I've been busy with a fanfic and I'm making another video of equestria flayers
I have no idea, my interest in Pokemon is purely the cute
@RobotPinkie Gotcha
Cross my heart and hope to fly, stick a cupcake in my eye that I know how to get a second Master Ball. Anyone wanna know?
When Rainbrodash posts a text wall you don't just ignore it
"Flayers"? As in...
how the fuck is eustess still asleep?
http://images.wikia.com/forgottenrealms/images/3/34/Mind_flayer.jpg
10Rinbardosh why is that? :P
mind flayers, ahhhhhhhhhhhhh
icky
AllisZero: http://hcsoftware.sourceforge.net/passage/
7Rainbro modroom
Doesn't work for everyone, some just find it stupid.
ohai
Interview room pls :)
mmm no
Because you're almost never serious Rainbrodash
Be a hell of a [grimdark] story, tho...
Hm....
I'm in
Ohboy. Tentacled monsters who hce mind control. Ive seen enough anime o know where THIS is going...
could be uh, a friendly mind flayer!
dat spider!
lol RainDancer
10Rinbardosh I'm always not serious
10:3
raindancer: you really dont
Mindflayers dont care about humping
They just want to eat your brains.
./)^3^(\
WOW, way to take illithid in a direction I should have foreseen but somehow didn't, RainDancer.
!seen Marshmelon
Fireant: The last time I saw Marshmelon was Thu 25 Aug 2011 07:01:34 AM CEST
!seen DerpyBot
Look into my eyes.. 6_9
/me puts her front hooves on Plorf's shoulders.
that is my favorite command
Mindflayers have nothing on Pinhead
!Seen Jesus
RainDancer: Sorry, I haven't seen Jesus lately.
also, they only have tenticles on their face about a foot long each.
hrmh?
Whcih wouldnt be useful for anime hijinks.l
AH! MENTAL IMAGE! MENTAL IMAGE!
BRAIN BLEACH!
I'll save that and play when I'm not at work
Wuh happund?
Honestly during these times strong emotions don't fit in well.
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mPPvDrR1vws
I need to ask Twilight about that one.
Twilight told me this video is about Unicorn Chaser from ThinkGeek
Nickel made me picture Illithid naughty tentacles.
Yeah, I can understand that. Though as I said, it doesn't really do it for everyone.
by saying their appendages wouldnt be useful?
pervert.
Mmmmm.....appendages...
I will baww at anything, ANYTHING that involves the passage of time in any shape or form
The naughtiest thing I think abuot is rainbow dash and Pinkie pie smooching ala lady and the tramp pasta. XD
How do you know Rain isn't thinking of Calamari?
well, i'm off to ponychan. later!
Shit, I was depressed for Weeks after Lucky Star ended, I didn't even want to watch K-On because of it
Later CHAENNE
later, CHAENNE
haha, oh god
GO GO POWER RANGEEEEEEEERS!
New post on Equestria Daily by Sethisto: Story: Blood is Thicker than Friendship (http://tinyurl.com/3dvf7ty)
Non Cal starships have to the the ugliest starships in space. Period.
Mon Cal*
I assume I haven't missed anything big
but imo that experience counts
yep
NOWAI!
Friendship is the strongest magic known to ponykind.
I love non cal!
FFFFUUUU GOTTA GO
asdgfasdg
You and drink as much as you want without geting fat!
10;D
I need to sotp conking out in my chair...
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4uC1dunsoF0&feature=related
I need to ask Twilight about that one.
You know, I saw an episode of Law & Order SVU involving a Wasp knife, it can use air pressure to explode things from the inside.
Twilight told me this video is about Fluttershy Sings You A Lullaby
They had a video where someone used to explode a dead fish, was pretty cool.
@pony RainBroDash's secret identity
6 RainBroDash's secret identity is 14Silver S15poon
10I've been rumbled
10D:
:O
hi
@pony RobotPinkie's secret identity
6 RobotPinkie's secret identity is 8Flutter13shy
um... I guess that's okay... *squeak*
10xD
not something I'd be that interested in, but as a fun activity it's a good idea
aye
at least he has -some- initiative :P
;_;
@pony AllisZero's secret identity
6 AllisZero's secret identity is 7Brae8burn
um... you win, Alliszero.... if that's okay...
I love Twilight Sparkle so much.
>mastodon dinozord
Such a great pony.
>sabretooth tiger dinozord
I can't get over Princess Luna. ^_^
Not sure who braeburn is
I like celestia =D
Avast, google
Someone didn't know enough dinosaur names...
It's the guy in Appleloosa
I like Twi very much. She's very nice.
Lawl gotcha
Just googled it
10octy we have mod stuff going on if you want in
Mmm...TwiLuna ships.
Nerd pony is best pony.
:D
The everybrony
Indeed.
but she didn't do the awesome foreleg wave like twilight and celestia
Especially with bedmane.
i mean applejack and celestia
or I mean... um... if that's okay to call him that...
!link bedmane twilight
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/32569?search=bedmane
10xD
So far i'm quite pleased
/me squeaks
14I know, just got on
10^^
I'm quite pleased
he hasn't tried to sell himself though
like, qualities that make him worth the job/
I think he did
/me thinks Robotpinkieshy is adorable
10ew
the reporting, artist, helping with design for website
man, power rangers was awesome... I'd forgotten so much about it
oh, well fair :D
If there was a portal to Equestria, I'd immediately try to hang with Twilight first.
Lol colgate
Holy fuck, that was an awesome reverse shot right there
7dat throw
Why is Pinkie Pie kicking the crap out of that chimney?
/me is now hungry for bacon.
it says fourth wall on it
I'd try to get a job as Royal Hoof-Shiner. *sagenod*
It's a fourth wall, dude
I mean with the off-balance stumble and everything, that is SERIOUSLY brilliant
Ah.
Oh, it's frickin' labeled.
technically applejack should be invisible in that picture
*facehoof*
10xD
10i swear they used the off-balance stumble so much
!link pinkie_pie
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/46988
in shots filmed in reverse? :O
ergh, I just wish I could make this better.
Also it seems /co/ doesn't like fanfic discussion
It really adds a lot believability to the shot, like Bruce Campbell's reverse acting in Army of Darkness.
why is AJ made of purple gravity?
Dark matter.
she should be made of dark matter, but that tends to be invisible
also why is rarity a marshmellow? and why does twi have baconhair?
lol >believability
10xD
I just realized I said that about something in Power Rangers... FFFFFFFUUUUU
They identify with them the most.
alot of people thing rarity looks like a marshmellow and... idk about wi
!link trixie
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/21195
10:D:D
Rarity is seen as a marshmellow by her white legs and their detail
14Jeez, this show is cheesy as all hell, but I used to love it when I was little.
I wonder how many tries it takes till it links either one of my gifs on ponychan
At one point, Twilight's hair resembles purple bacon. The internet ran with it.
&
oh XD
It's still fun... cheesy but fun.
I never watched it, living in Sweden and all that shit
14Delicious cheesy fun.
oh you're Swedish too, lol
>never escalate a battle unless Rita force you;
well that explains it.
10hai RaZor :P
Rainbow Dash has an awesome house. An Olympus themed cloud house in the sky that leaks rainbows.
It actually aired on TV here, RaZor :P
that robot is such a racist stereotype....
I agree
Biggie Smalls agrees as well!
Pfft.
Yay, more Power Rangers!
if you could get a smooch from anypony, who would it be?
Yeuch!
hahah
Fluttershy.
Gross, man!
?
what about boy ponies gilda?
His lips'd be pretty swollen by the time he'd get them back!
Yeah, it probably aired, but I never watched it
again, no worries from me
he seems passionate about it
Wait, so you'd remove his lips, beat the crap out of them, then GIVE THEM BACK? Talk about insult to injury!
^
Well it was pulled after the second or third season, I think... Some kid was killed by other kids, and they blamed it on Power Rangers.
7i'm sure you guys can handle it
All I'm saying, paper dude, is don't try it.
I blame shitty parenting, but what do I know? :P
7or do you want me to put it off?
Well I was born '92, did it still air by then?
10XD
good day evrypony
Don't worry.
I'm on the fence, but I missed a good bit of his interview too.
10RaZor is my age :D
Oh, lol, you were probably too young when it aired, then
You seem grumpy gilda. want a hug?
Yeah, '92 is the best year
I'd say "no" is a pretty safe bet there.
>mfw I'm a decade older than RaZor
10ftw
Grumpy? Gilda? Please.
10like it matters or anything :P
14Jeez, you guys make me feel old.
lolol really, Octavia?
Y'all just ain't cool enough, methinks.
14Ya rly
You're even older than me? :O
14 92... younger than my little sister. :P
My sister is born '94
December 31st
10my sister's older than me. I'm the youngest
I'm curious now, how old are you, Octavia ?
Says someone who uses "methinks" in casual conversation.
I'm pretty cool.
I own a bow tie
14 26 in less than a month from now.
Pffft
Bow ties are cool.
And then I was back
Oh wow... now I feel old again....
/me hoofs Nickel_Scream a fez.
7i'm older.. *shy voice*
I own an entire nuclear stockpile
Sup Lawdee!
14dat tiny spaceship
Next up: Gilda races and F-35 Lightning II. For more on this, we go now to the F-35 construction and testing facility in Marietta, Georgia
I'm betting you're still younger than me, Sathi :P
14And lol
Nothing at all....
Pffft
/me 's eyes narrow
Though I guess I wouldn't know...
That F-35
ohai Power Rangers
/me 7fluttershies
I'm 30... I feel ancient...
Well, I do like the word "yessums".. lol
Brb
Well it was either that or the P-51 we keep in the hall closet
Would get smoked by a SR-71/A
@pony Ocatavia's wafiu forever
6 Ocatavia's wafiu forever is 15Tw6i4st
XD
lol
LOL
Oh god not Twist
/me meows at Sathi
And I'm pretty sure
Nuclear: In a straight line and after the in-flight refuel.
Out of nowhere
VIC VIPER
/me 7meows softly
So... much older than me?
Oh yeah...
lolol I know, that's probably an insensitive question...
14Twist?! Ugh!
14@pony Octavia's real waifu
6 Octavia's real waifu is 7Scoota6loo
10*ahem* No get is better than this fail->win:http://i.imgur.com/dgnSy.png
It's fine, I don't have to know how old you are, you're still awesome Sathi :3
14Damnit, looks like I'm having chicken tonight.
quotes the rules, solid
/me 7purrs happily
ohai Hipster_Brony
Mfw you screenshot it
10Yo Hipster_brony
ohai
10rinbardosh you know it sunshine/
10.*
8o hai ponies
14Sathi is a pretty cool girl eh? She streams awesome shows and doesn't afraid of anything.
14Hey Hipster
Blue Ranger is coolest Ranger
7i'm just me.. lol
Whoa
7nothing more, nothing less
I thought I was pretty old.
10RobotPinkie wasn't the Blue ranger the gay one?
But I'm glad I found some older bronies to hang out with.
Even better, RainBroDash :3
10ikr :D
I lol'd
lol'd so hard
Obviously Green Ranger is best Ranger
Hmm.
Me too, AllisZero
he's a winner to me
10Teal Ranger is best Ranger
well, I'm glad so many cool people like FiM :3
^
You mean Green Ranger?
10nah I mean Teal Ranger
if so, sure, but he's not on until next season :D
sounds like a fair answer?
im gonna withhold judgment til i read the full transcript
By the way, I'm pretty sure I had an interview scheduled for about now
alrighty
10yeah the last one ran over a teency weency bit
http://knowyourmeme.com/videos/14829-supercut-movie-clich%C3%A9s
10we'll be with you very shortly <3
Yeah, because I need to eat something too
Yeah, I missed some of his interview as well.
gilda vs voyageur 2 in a race?
to jupiter?
gonna say when he'll find out and stuff?
Stream's derpin' for me though... :(
/me is running
10XD
10<3 n'awww
Would you guys consider Rollerball(1975) an A or B movie?
10checking it up 1 sec
interview is on the forums
haha! No wai! It's Power Rangers! :D
next candidate coming in now
10" In the future there will be no war. There will only be Rollerball."
10errr tbh sounds B to me
10:P
It's a great movie, the remake sucks though
/me nods
this is my childhood right here
/me hugs Kitten
/me nostalgias
WHat kind of tattoo do you want?
I'd say remake is B, original is A, really...
Was he the one from the other day?
10fair enough
10it sounds like 1984 with a sillier sense of focus
we rescheduled this one yes
but I guess it's not entirely clear cut... like Running Man
10i need to brb quick
mfw http://s3.amazonaws.com/kym-assets/photos/images/newsfeed/000/166/048/earthquake08232011-neverforget.jpg?1314228190
HAHA
14Lmao
We will rebuild!
lol
stream's not derpin' for anyone else?
HAI BRONIES!
looks good to me
hello Rodman
Its derpin a bit for me
Hi ValtheJean
read interview and voted
AWWW YEAH, BONE AND SKULL!
hey Rodman
Hi RobotPinkie
Not the hugs! NOT THE HUGS
IT BURNS!
Who's streaming this?
lol, is anyone reminded of the Animaniacs parody of Power Rangers?
Sathi is streaming
I don't remember it
Mind linking?
can someone take over?
I nearly broke my neck
bleeding and all that
sure lemme find it
10..Are you okay?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UVqf8ZfHtBs
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Animaniacs Power Ranger Parody (Full)" - "Rita is back, but this time she has to face Power Rangers who are quite &quot;different&quot;. She also has a bigger hat! IT&#39;S MORPHIN TIME!!!"
oh shit are you ok?
cat litter everywhere... and like I said i'm bleeding
awwwwww
you beat me to it :(
i'll clean and fresh up
we can take over, go take care of yourself
I'm sorry :(
Sathi, just letting you know, the stream is lagging
Although I don't know if its only for me
it might be your internet connection rodman
For me too
mfw vultures in her hat
and I think it's veemi that does it
o.o
again, I can watch youtube at 720p with no lag... :P
hmm
so it's probably some bottleneck at Veemi, might be a difference depending on where it's streaming to or something.
Ah, well I guess that makes sense
DAT WB-BOT!
oh well, it's derpin' little enough that it's still fun to watch, now
...and when I say that, stream freezes completely, lol
lol
Oh irony
wait a minute
WAIT A MINUTE
the VA for Alpha!
Richard Horvitz?
Mind = Exploded
really?
Is that his name?
WOW
RBD, can you take over for a few mins?
Yeah, it is
/me yawns and stretches.
omg, he is now infinitely cooler
/me <3's Richard Horvitz
Well, I got places to be. Later.
he VA'd in like...ever show I watched lol
Bye
Damnit I missed!
/me puts on his Ohai face
i'm back
lol
just covered in bandages :P
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DyHUZ-qoMg&NR=1 .... twilight high light moment XD
The pen is mightier than the Zord
hey..
oh yeah, I forgot this is the series with the green ranger
and he had his flute :P
banged my head against the balcony door
Hoya, User!
Hey kids, playing with a giant bug is not cool
14Ouch
Yeah but I think he's on much later in the season, or season 2 maybe...
I'm new to ED.
ah
anyone know where I can get a massive pile of MLP music, official or fanmade, preferably in one giant file?
And I'm here finally. How's he doing so far?
also I think he switches color at the end of season 2 or so
my iPod needs some friendship and magic
It's been a while, so I don't remember all of it, lolz
not the latter
/me realizes he didn't finish the Fallout Equestria chapter last night'
There's a YouTube video with nine hours of Pony.
/me facedesks
link ?
/me cackles and drags off the User newpony
!muffin
Muffins!! You have any? :3
yees
yes!
I dunno the link
got about an hour of pony music on my iphone now, but it was all collected piecemeal usually via links on youtube videos
argh
POWER GLOVE!
someone's gotta make like, a top 50 playlist/torrent
I'd laugh if someone just walked up "POWER CARPET BOMB BITCHES"
to get you started: http://tindeck.com/users/PinkiePieSwear
these are good
and then they all died
good start indeed :-D
We had a perfect 1st interview
it's on the forums already
you ok, sathi?
played them now far more often than the last three radiohead albums (all paid for), and i consider(ed) myself a big radiohead fan. :-}
I know that feel Bromine
a bit dizzy but okay
Alright, I'll go check it.
ponies have undone me
and in pain.. but I guess that's normal if you bleed
you might want to go to a doctor and get checked out
you might have a concussion
Wanna hear a joke about Nitric Oxide? No
I keep thinking Kamen Rider would do a much better job at fighting monsters.
I will tomorrow
unless Den-O...
>sexy as hell
14lol
heh yea lol don't know what so say next :P
Is Silicon the same in Spanish? Si
I never thought I would do it, but I legally supported ponies by buying the season off iTunes
not a penny wasted IMO
New post on Equestria Daily by Sethisto: Music: Diamond Dog Mines racing theme / Pinkie Party Anthem / WWU Trance (http://tinyurl.com/3merhrl)
i *would* buy it off itunes given half the chance, fo rthe same reason
User_8144, do you know how to change your nick?
say pics or it isnt true :3
oh dose chem jokes :P
in fact when the official mlp twitter account just invited me to i replied fairly instantly with why i can't. don't suppose they'll get the hint any more now than in the past though
Yeah
Tell a Potassium joke? k
GumballCrash: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9i8t2krmRfg
i'm baaaaaaaaaaaaack :)
@pony The pony most likely to ship with Rinbardosh
6 The pony most likely to ship with Rinbardosh is 5A8ce
Dare me?
Nice get!
look in description for download links (generally)
Try to think of a good chemistry pun. All the good ones argon
...
oh u
Also, he's benching bitch weight right now
14LL
14*LOL
noted
brb taking a painkiller
You know i will. don't give me ideas.
was hoping there'd be a massive compilation torrent somewhere but...seems I have a mission now :-D
ditto http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSLvjfrxynA
where's the fun in that
hot
10sorry sorry, have to keep going afk, helping with cooking and helping my stepmum with this advert for her company all of a sudden
hellooooooooooooooo?
needs teh bass. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EF4Ta8JXa4
i'm not impressed so far..on this one
14Yeah, not as impressed yet either.
lol
14He doesnt sit right with me. And I'm not entirely sure why...
14Hes a little bit of a suck up, but most are. :P
i like that he has mod experience
/me continues to wear his unimpressed face until he becomes more confident.
but his availability isnt great
14Val raped with his application and interview. lol
lol, Zordan looks like Charle's Foster Kane
yeah, val's was great
Dammit hey jude, why did I decide to learn you one evening before im supposed to know you
Whatever :3
I guess a bit
Whats going on in threw wheels of bronydom
you guys want to inform Val straight away or wait till after the weekend?
14Up to you guys, I'm fine either way.
Hmm... I don't see any reason to put it off. Might as well give him some time to learn how it all works.
yea but since Dari is not around till monday
lets inform him, but wait til next week to mod him
^
ok
14That works.
true
14Indeed.
Yuna summons Titan
14My first one. I'm nervous.
She's going to need Yojimbo for this!
wait, he's not even in that game...
7Sorry guys I had a little accident at home.. will visit the doctor tomorrow to be on the safe side
lol nope
is everything alright sathi?
btw sathi, 2 things
ouch, what happen Sathi?
/me pats Octavia on the back.
It's real simple, you'll get the hang of it, no prob.
1. do you have the movie downloaded yet?
7I was walking with the cat litter box and did not notice the many cables on the ground..
:(
I'm a little confused as to why EAD is more active than here :U
Where'd you all go
owowow
/me hugs Sathi
To the abyss.
Hope your ok Sathi
7I banged my head against the balcony door and I got wounds on my leg and elbow
Tripped with the box, I take it.
That sounds terrifying
maybe everypony went to EAD then
unless the abyss leads to Equestria
of course
:)
well I hope everything turns out okay
oww, I'm sorry to hear that Sathi
Hey FallSilently!
Hellew
I hope you're okay :(
I hope that it doesn't turn into an episode of House
7i'll be alright just covered in bandages now
Thats because cupcakes
k, just checking
Congratulations on procuring HOP, FallSilently.
elo
!muffins
Muffins!! You have any? :3
Yes!
Thank you!!
/me glomps RainDancer
Outch
Thank you!!
2. theres an international student from the netherlands in my discussion group for one of my classes
so many ops and half ops!
1link
/me glomps BitZero
!link
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yre5nBXAxyk - 2Pac - Do For Love
where are they all coming from?
I was just thinking that, Blums
/me is le glomped
>inb4 pic test fail
/me is glomped
7let's hope not no.. btw House is scheduled in 45 mins from now
How did that happen?
7I derped
/me goes back to the abyss from whence he came from
yeah, im not expecting anything great here
too many froms!
It's one of those days huh
DoRD
What lies beyond the everfree forest ?
7seems so
Oh cool 2pac
@pony The pony that's best suited to take care of Sathi's wounds
6 The pony that's best suited to take care of Sathi's wounds is 15Tw6i4st
More ops and half-ops.
I... wouldn't trust her...
mountains.
7neither do I
Guilesdale
at least you'd get some free candy :P
Where the Street Fighters live!?
:3
7;_;
ohai VioletVanilla
hurm? not quite
howdy violet, didn't see you log on
Imagine Guile-pony trying to do a Sonic Boom with his hind legs. He'd hospitalise himself.
@pony Pink Ranger
6 Pink Ranger is 8Bo12nB13on
ohai~
Oh I've been here for. . .
I think about three hours. XD
!link
@pony Yellow Ranger
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQOqQZOOz2Y - Star Trek (2009) in 5 Seconds
6 Yellow Ranger is 2Princess L10una
@pony
12VioletVanilla is 10Sni5ps
and make a nice crater
lol I haven't seen you say anything, VioletVanilla... I might just be blind, though
@pony
12crono_flash is 11Photofin15ish
@pony Red Ranger
6 Red Ranger is 7Mr Br15eezy
@pony Megazord
6 Megazord is 8Flutter13shy
Sunny something
With the blanks
lol
:3 It's fine Pinkie~
So, how's everypony been?
um... I guess I'm going to transform.... if that's alright...
/me squeaks
>mfw everyone thinks we can remove posts
Doing good Violet
fairly good violet
Doing horrible
:(
Not only dat comic, but I just read part of the plot for Titanic from Cracked
what's wrong allis?
ah
Who agrees with me that this would be a good battle song for Raindbow Dash
TALES OF OLD AGE ABOUND
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8SL6ooUHoo&feature=related
i think it's a better battle song for Noel :P
>inb4 might give a warning for image 4
I am aware
argh, I wish I knew how to make the stream not derp
Good to hear! ;D
I need to ask Twilight about that one.
I just think it woild fit dash too
Twilight told me this video is about Blazblue OST - 04 Bullet Dance
Except for Allis o:
14inafter
Late derpy bot is latte
doesn't sound very dashy to me.
it sounds fast, but then again all the bb songs do
game over
my favorite bb song was condemnation wings
14Image 4 is the easy one too
14lol
/me shrugs
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZukz8CzYB0
don't think I've ever seen this show
It's alright VioletVanilla, I'll be okay
this is more suited to rainbow dash: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iH88G6wgnBo
I'll go home, watch some ponies
You sure??
If you don't think that's ban worthy, what is?
I'd have to say my favriots are thin RED line and White Requiem
http://i.imgur.com/WG5gp.jpg
Once you party with ponies.. .
You'll be seeing rainbooms
14:P
OOO OO OOO OOO OOO OO OOOOOOOOO~
whoops
I really should have saw that song coming
It's got CP, gore, explicit intent of causing a problem.
http://www.explosm.net/comics/2378/
=P
I got disconnected from OOC like 20 minutes after they went mute
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK
Just...
darn
/me facedesks
/me parties
I knew I should've stopped hours ago
/me partied with RobotPinkie
yeah, the only thing that could make it worse is if it had visible genitalia, srsly
!seen KnightLight
Though AllisZero, srsly, don't play that game I linked you to, then...
i never liked Red Line
lol Allis, we've gotta get that frown upside down!
oh right, durr
It's NOT going to help at all
7another doctor :P
14Mhm
she's being upgraded
but i never liked...well anything about Arakune
hey cog
LET THE PONY PICTURES BEGIN!
I know what this needs. . .
A PARTYYYYY!!!
i got to know pretty much every character in BB since i played it so much
YAY PONY PICS!
mind you, i wasn't good with every character
Yeah, I kinda don't want to play it
I play Carl mostly
but i understood how every character played
dat Pinkie :D
except Arakune
he's always been foreign to me.
14Though I understand what he means by high tolerance, as I do too. Because of that I have to set personal judgment totally aside and make sure I'm following the rules closely.
i main Tao and Rachel
ponies.
mostly Tao
i alt everyone else depending on my mood
http://26.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lnsky58NdW1qincmao1_500.jpg
Carl and Rachel. I use Toa whenever I fight Noel or Nu
but then everyone alts Ragna because Ragna is easymode.
dawwwwwww
That might help, though
Dawd
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/49642 Nooooooo!
It's more like Ragna is simple and everyone else is complicated.
this guy is a no to me
yeah
that's what i mean
Obvious no to me.
I mean most fighting games don't have characters with these unique abilites.
14Besides the image portion, I was just unimpressed as a whole.
http://29.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lpf3ijJ88V1qincmao1_500.jpg
14Felt bland.
like the drives?
well
http://s3.amazonaws.com/kym-assets/photos/images/list/000/037/435/28845116.jpg?1264295317
FIRE ER
TO THE MOOOOON
That's a very well done picture
Well I mean. Not many fighting games has a character that's two characters.
The coloring, sharing, I like it
BB has a name for them, so they SEEM more diverse than they are
yeah Carl is out there
argh, beeping!
Oh, BlazBlue talk?
but Tao sorta plays like people from other fighting games and Ragna plays like Sol and Jin plays like Ky
What I really mean is most fighting games the characters are more unifrom.
et cetera et cetera
see i'd agree with you that you're right, per say
but
Tao sorta plays like... Who?
Oh hey! VioletVanilla is around!
eh i dunno
>mfw interviewing, ship-teasing and spidermanning at the same time
Like a feleica?
Alright re-inviting Val in
never played much GG so can't think of an example
but
I can't think of any other game than Arcana Heart
no
Haven't seen you in awhile.
alrighty, let's see if this'll cheer you up allis
you guys ready?
k
not felicia
Nah
hsien ko
a bit
DASHITE!!
because that series has a dedicated dash button
eeeeeeeyup
ohey Dashite
anyway
/me ponypounces Dashite
i think that if you get really in depth
I was going to say a bit more like Jon Tolbain's dash move
14Eeeeeeeeenope
what's that? More Luna?
14Kidding, lets get to it
http://27.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lp7gv2piyU1qincmao1_500.png
there are tons of fighters way deeper than BB
howdy dashite
Hey people.
Yeah, there are
more woona
but on it's face, BB seems more diverse in it's characters
http://i142.photobucket.com/albums/r118/ValtheJean/5024b34c21b8b56635b1916d218624d9.png
7ValtheJean: PM
ohai Dashite
Guilty Gear being among the most technical there is
mind you, i think BB is the best fighting game series
Jon Tolbain is one oif my favriot fighting characters ever.
at least it's my favorite
so i'm not knocking BB :P
Werewolf WITH Nunchucks!
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-jyHlQRtdqF4/TfruyHoHuBI/AAAAAAAAGBY/duLZ6wulHpY/s1600/25127+-+0r0ch1+drunk+luna+princess+spike.png
lol
But yeah, GG and BB
Some of the most diverse fighting games there are
They only reason I don't want another Darkstalkers is becuase Capcom has been making everything in 3D
Poor Spike. :D
Moe luna
mvc2 and 3 have a pretty diverse cast
Deus Ex finally arrived.
by virtue that they have so many characters
True
I know 3d is easier to make, but 2d fighters don't feel right with 3d characters.
They feel slower.
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-houston-were-coming-home.jpg
3D isn't bad. The 3D updates of both Street Fighter and MvC are both excellent.
Meh
Aw fuck, that was the best one, too...
But heh, MvC2 is laughable, seeing how the characters are ridicilously unbalanced
chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-houston-were-coming-home.jpg
But can't really balance a fighter with that big roster
dat cliffhanger sathi
mvc2 is also ridiculously complex and deep.
14Indeed indeed :P
with horrible character balance
lol wish I knew which images work and not...
but known for having some of the best fighting mechanics ever
I think they all felt better with 2d characters. MvC3 and Street Fighter 4 felt a lot slower than previous games.
O:
SFIV is not a slow game.
@Dashite: Lemme play it? ;3
I've just come to it that I enjoy SNK and ArcSys fighters more than Capcom
Street Fighter IV is a deliberately slower game than SFIII but get two fast characters like Yun and Ibuki together and the speed outmatches any 2D game. So it's not down to technical limits.
it seems a bit slow until you get into it.
then again it's been a long time sense I played Street fighter 3.
it's faster than SF2
3 i'd say is comparable.
Main point is. I just liked the 2D better.
anyway
i gotta go
Sorry, but I've got first dibs. I've have people attempting to spoil me all week with story details and "Haha! I'm playing already! See, if you'd just ordered on Steam you could have been playing too! :p"
i think i left my wallet at this diner i went to
and i have to find my fucking walle.
wallet*
which is worrying because i have no idea where it is
SFIV's speed doesn't bother me that much, but rather the stiffiness, seeing how BB/GG/Arcana Heart/etc give more freedom for the character to move around
>:
hat might be what I'm thinking off.
I understaaaand~
No I had lunch yet and already the 3
The meanies shouldn't do that to you though. . .
14We have one more today dont we?
Oh you know you love Luna
^ Love it RobotPinkie~
I also like fighters with a lot of three movement. Like Dissidia.
dat insult
but where are her socks? c;
:P
*free
nope
we're done
It's been a few years since I gave GG a go. I'll have to get it off my brother next time I see him.
14Oh, last was the third.
Socks are off! http://27.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lpbqtbES4Y1qincmao1_500.png
We are out of candidates :D
I've been playing GGXXAC+ occassionally with a couple of buddies
14Thought we were just finished the second. :P
Need to learn dem Baiken combos better, though
14See what happens when you come in late? lol
Well Today I plan to start playing as Ultimecia
And timing Baiken's mat and inputing tk srk give some frustration at times
So... what's that, six new mods total?
14Loooooooooots of mods
Hellew
@pony The pony that looks best in socks
6 The pony that looks best in socks is 7G5ild15a
I would love to see Sega make a cross over fighter
14lol
If only for the virtue of having Sonic and Bayonetta fight
well we need looooots of mods
Doubling the mod team in ten seconds flat.
@pony The pony that adores Octavia
6 The pony that adores Octavia is 5Doctor Whooves
Btw CB & Octavia
@pony Pony that hates Dari
Sega's characters tend to be too cuddly for a serious crossover.
6 Pony that hates Dari is 12Spit8f7ire
14Yessssss?
can you PM Sprinkles on the forums?
He needs info for the about section
@pony The pony that is most like House is
6 The pony that is most like House is is 5Little Strong7heart
14Ah, yeah.
14He asked me about that.
just a friendly reminder
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lo9ydtmj5Z1qincmao1_500.png
14I gave him info, but I think he left. lol Will do.
Who said it had to be series
*serious
I wish that were a wallpaper instead...
sonic= around the speed of sound. Bayonetta= FTL fighter
wot?
What do you think of this piece of music?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwORu4adPxw&feature=related
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "KH2-Tension Rising-Nightmare Remix" - "This is a remix from Kingdom Hearts 2 I made. Enjoy fans! Also if you want to download it, give me yuor e-mail address and I&#39;ll send it over!"
Well... you did mention Bayonetta....
Fighting game logic
/me sighs.
Solid Snake fighting Mario, no logic needed
I thought I already gave him that in the skype.
Exactly
XD
I think he missed it
I'll do it on the forums.
thanks
SSBB isn't exactly a serious fighter.
yep yep.
I repeat
Who said it needed to be serious
@pony the pony who hates socks
6 the pony who hates socks is 6Spik3e
as long as the fighting is good it doesn't matter.
I prefer serious fighters.
Mixing up "serious" as in "grimdarkey-ish" or "competetive"?
competitive
SSBB is a party game.
@pony
12VioletVanilla is 7Ste6ven Mag7net
that depends
@pony
12Barry is 13Pinkie 4Pie
That's what I'm getting at.
I'm a party pony
sounds a lot like boss music
It's generally a party game.
It is
But some players make it very serious
OMG U HAVE TO SEE THIS
@pony
12RobotPinkie is 7Ste6ven Mag7net
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OkxLzKC3RlM&feature=related
It's a remix of one
people take it seriously
I can totally see a Sega fighter but it would never be up there with Street Fighter.
Nice.
but people take My Little Pony seriously too
I thought you meant as in dark-ish, how you said about Bayonetta, Fall
and it's not a serious thing
U HAVE TO
/me takes all his gaming seriously
You should see me play mario party
though... how can we both be him?
@pony
12RobotPinkie is 10Trix11ie
well i dont think people are scrambling to sign up for mario party at evo
And well, with crossovers it may not be necessary to have it very deep and complex
Nowai
It would need to be somewhere between Smash Bros and MvC. Sega does have serious IPs like Virtua Fighter, but most of their stuff is more Nintendo-ey.
/me ponypounces RobotPinkie
Ship me with myself, now!
:P
Trixie be my fillyfooler~ :3
Doesn't mean it can't be a serious fighting game
I find Virtua Fighter rather boring to play, though
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OkxLzKC3RlM&feature=related
It just means have the characters won't be serious
I don't play Virtua Fighter myself.
!Muffin
*half
/me ponyglomps VioletVanilla
That could hurt... a lot
But yeah, Sega will likely try to mass-appeal with a more simple pick-up-and-play style
Well, if half the characters aren't serious, then it can't be a serious game ;)
/me ish ponyglomp'd by EdwardNewgate
If they ever make a crossover fighter
Helloooooo Edwaaarrrrddddd~~ [:
Serious characters and serious game are two different things
ohai Violet
lol that was really troll of him
The characters can be silly but the game can be hardcore
House now?
@pony The pony that ships with Trixie most often
6 The pony that ships with Trixie most often is 10Trix11ie
mfw
that is true
that is very true
and look at what I said above...
Or the game can be serious, be competetive and poke fun at itself all the time (BB)
Doesn't sound like good marketing.
@pony Pony that loves to be shipped with VioletVanilla
6 Pony that loves to be shipped with VioletVanilla is 6R12A3I9N8B7O4W 11DASH
kinky~~
<33
Point is I would pay money for sonic fighting Bayonetta. Oh yes that would be entertainment
@pony the pony that loves to be shipped with EdwardNewgate
6 the pony that loves to be shipped with EdwardNewgate is 7Applej8ack
OHHH RAINBOW DAAAASSSSHHHH <3333
Street Fighter pokes fun at itself all the time.
Duckula!
<3
True
Or Ulala vs the guy from Vanquished.
Im okay with Applejack
imokaywiththis.jpg
@pony the pony that loves to be shipped with RobotPinkie
6 the pony that loves to be shipped with RobotPinkie is 14Hoity-15Toity
Lets dance!
How do you have all these series?!?!
/me hugs Sathi
snrk
I'm a filly and what is this
/me hugs Sathi too~
/me 7feels loved
Frankly I'm enough of a Sonic nut to buy any fighting game they wanna make starring him, but I'd be unlikely to train myself up to elitehood on it.
/me also hugs Sathi
@pony The pony that's already been shipped with RobotPinkie
6 The pony that's already been shipped with RobotPinkie is 7Scoota6loo
oh oh! I want in
....
/me hugs Sathi
/me hugs sathi, too
And when the party's over we'll gather around for a group hug?
7yay
there is either another user with my username right now
I'd treat it like I treat Smash Bros. Learn the essentials and then throw it on whenever friends are around.
or i logged on then got disconnected
@pony the pony that was already shipped with Sathi
6 the pony that was already shipped with Sathi is 6Cheeri13lee
No need to bring a gift
being there will be enough
!seen SummerRain
Oh wait, we've no Derpybot.
/me takes smash bros as seriosuly as he takes any other game
birthdays mean having fun with friends, not getting lots of stuff
sigh
If its a game were I play against you. It is officially competative.
But yes, there is a SummerRain logged on.
probabally me when i attempted to
7so true
but refreshed the page
for me anyway. Everygame is serious buisness
@pony Crono_flash
6 Crono_flash is 2The 8Wonder2bolts
aw. Sketchy and Atomic/HotCocoa arent here
he's three in one
/me can't wait for his birthday email from Hasbro
So he's like the doctor, only a duck dracula?
(yep that was me)
Sweet
/me is shipped with Rainbow Dash <3
Holly! I just now realized the obvious that Luna and Celestia have both horn and wings.
;D
Thank you Edward~
@pony the pony that's already been shipped with Barry
6 the pony that's already been shipped with Barry is 7Brae8burn
lol, I have never seen this show, yet for some reason I like it :P
Welcome, WhatPayne! We watch My Little Pony in here.
*sighs*
@pony The pony that's most likely to be inside the Rainbow Dash disguise just to get close to VioletVanilla
6 The pony that's most likely to be inside the Rainbow Dash disguise just to get close to VioletVanilla is 15Sweetie 6Be13ll6e
I always get the short end of the stop, don't I
;)
Wow did you just egt yoru eyesight back
people please vote on the forums
lol
I'd like to be shipped with Braeburn
Oh dearie me. . . .-.
14I still have to look at Razors again, but I will.
lol Atomic is sleeping?
Does Celestia ever actually use Magic, actually? Neither uses their horns much.
I'd rather be with RobotPinkie D;
at this hour?
@pony the pony who will be shipped with Edwardnewgate
6 the pony who will be shipped with Edwardnewgate is 15Rari6ty
I dunno where in the world Atomic is.
That actually sounds pretty cool
he never sleeps now, he's usually at work right now..
Might be early there.
I know! I've been watching that show for almost six months and only now realized that... Heck I even made huge fanart with Celestia in it
@Pony
12Daz is 7G5ild15a
It's only because I'm Trixie :P
hey Daz
<33 How'd you know?
...
/me headche headche
So, what is DMan's preferred name now?
You drew them and still didn't notice
lo all
Yes... yes I did...
Hi, RobotPinkie. And Barry - My real name is Daz, i just used 'dman' for a while, but it's Daz
hello sumica
No one can escape the psychic powers of the Great and Powerful Trixie, VioletVanilla
ohai Sumica
Hi Sumica, and ah, Daz
hey Sumica
What did you think of my LoZ/MLP story?
heh, countducula eh?
I mean I realized that as racial lines go they do not belong to particular one group
So how are ya Barry?
Heheheh~
I'm good
:p chat is rather boring right now
Earth Pony/Unicorn/Pegasus
*derp*
not as many active users
I'm nostalgia-ing so hard right now...
I think the unofficial term is "alicorn."
So are you going to use those powers on me Pi-- Trixie? ;3
see ya guys
from what?
have stuff to do anyways
See yah later!
may be back soon
either really soon, soon..
@pony Pinkie Pie really
6 Pinkie Pie really is 2Princess L10una
@pony RobotPinkie's secret identity
6 RobotPinkie's secret identity is 5Chief Thund11erho15oves
or a little later
Now that I think about it they are perfect leaders, representing all three types and whatnot
...oh no :(
D;
RobotPinkie has always been Chief Thunderhooves
I hope you still love giant muscular buffalo
he was the year before that
and the year before that
Well, I dunno about "perfect" leaders....
except earth ponies are kind of the base
and the year before that...
and the year before that
ENOUGH!!
and the year before that
I remember before MLP people called them Pegacorns
pegasus = everything an earth pony can do +wings and cloud manip
... This awakes some obvious questions...
unicorn= everything an earth pony can do +magic
The "year before that" thing just gets old, fast
You don't love buffalo, VioletVanilla? :(
yeah, that's why I stopped :P
Hopefully they'll think up something that makes earth ponies unique in S2.
That is so racist!
alicorn is the term for a unicorn's horn
yeah, and have it be something significant
At the moment they have some special bond with the ground or nature or something but it's never made clear.
0no u
lol
lol, that is one trippy sarcophagus
Ari, a star, butterfly, or an inspirational word.. it'll be a smaller one not big and bulky, but cute and petite
What would happen if say normal Unicorn and Pegasus ponies would have offspring?
7Looks like House will be a bit later
Well he said "no u", so...
????
hiya kitten
@pony Princess Celestia really
6 Princess Celestia really is 5Snai10ls
50/50 chance im guessing?
hi Vampy
How does that one work?
Barry - I'm very sorry, I haven't read them yet. I just got back from the police station, and i'm, well not to bore you but my mother's losing custody over my and my father's gaining it. i've been busy, but i said I'd read it. I'm sorry. If it's ok, I'd like you to link it to me in a PM, and i can give you a running commentary of what I think of it. Again,
yep
i'm sorry for not having read it yet.
how ya been?
That or the gender rule
and talking about a tattoo i want
At the moment the fandom seems to accept that a foal's offspring is random. Derpy (pegasus) has a unicorn daughter. Berry Punch (earth) also has a unicorn.
decent, u?
So there are hereditary laws in working there?
:(
That's fine. RL comes first
@pony The biggest troll in all of Equestria
6 The biggest troll in all of Equestria is 0,1Z1,0e0,1c1,0o0,1r1,0a
I'm sorry to hear that daz
not really
so..
hi Fall
@pony ValtheJean really
6 ValtheJean really is 8Flutter13shy
Some fandom-based ones only so far
hi Blums
excited. my man is coming to see me. :)
Barry - but I said i'd read it. link and PM please :P
Hellew
Whatever ValtheJean don't sweat it! ^_^
congrats
ohai Daz--whoa. hope you're okay
I-I'm fluttershy? Oh...um...okay...if that's alright with you
but i'm jealous :P
=)
BEST COMMUNITY EVA
lol, sry?
i cant stress it enough!
Ow, I'm sorry Daz
well, either way, internet hugs go out to you
GGgala, dude, it's fine. In fact, some people (sathi, dari to name a few mods :P) knew this
Or is there some rule that even if unicorn and pegasus would have offspring they would only inherit only one characteristic?
I'd be happy with the random theory. Makes Darwinism less of a threat.
¬_¬ ok seriously now, i don't want your pity, and i'm handling it more than fine, but uh thanks aniways RobotPinkie
/me hugs daz
Unless both parents are the same type, I guess.
So far, the show has only shown single-type families. The Apples are all earth, the Pies are all earth etc.
crap i g2g. see ya'll mon or tues.
7dat tune
not questioning your ability to handle it, Daz, I was just hoping you're doing fine
Both families are earth, and both families are farmers. Guess that reinforces the "special bond" thing.
they stayed with him
I'm fine, thank you RobotPinkie. I have set aside time JUST for fluttershy brushie tomorrow ! (FINALLYYYYYY)
Nice :D
brushie brushie brushie
lolol
TROLL CHECK! *floods room with a wave of lava two pony-heights tall*
wallop
And campus Wi-fi is finally set up.
>_>
<_<
hey FreezeFrame
wellp, no trolls here :I
Neat troll check. Only the trolls survive.
hello freezeframe
might do Pinkie Pie tonight
...not in that sense, Jesus, you pervs
seems unlikely
:P
unless they want to make sure they think interracial relationships are ok
lol, looks like you were the only one to think that :P
It's 2011. They're pretty okay.
from canon, we only see pure-breds. from fanon it looks like wings are recessive and horns are dominant :-)
New post on Equestria Daily by Phoe: Story: Stolen Harmony (http://tinyurl.com/3djyolz)
FallSilently: quite; it's kinda, if they want to nail it
Every waking moment, Val :P
It bothers me because I just spent last year studying biology and am interested.
as an official stance lest certain people take to presuming otherwise
O_o
lololol
O LOL RobotPinkie
Hey Sketchy, you just missed SummerRain.
Ach well
whopss
wrong channel
dat wordplay
Well that was a nice chap.
I'm only dropping by briefly before I head home.
0ohai Abott and Costello joke
Haha
Hola everyone
Hellew
I would kiss Fluttershy on the forehead and stroke her mane until she went to sleep
Who's on first?
I'm just saiyan
My goldfish claims to be an affront to nature.
not that i'd judge you :P aaaaniway it's gonna be weird taking a shower, where I plan to simultaneously get fluttershy's hair wet (dat multitasking, cuz of hot water) (NO F U IT'S NOTHING LIKE THAT)
Waka waka
me too, AllisZero :3
moving to other room; may come on from there. i think i'm stuck here though so i'll probably set it up on my proxy at the weekend… :-)
!moon
Daz, hermind?
~You would not believe your eyes, if 10,000 fluttershy's~
/me walks in the door with a bag in his mouth containing cherry coke, a pie and a dozen chocolate chip cookies... Is content for this weekend off =D
dammit isn't she here?
You crazy people and your work internet access. I work in a bank. We don't have 'net access so the concept is strange to me.
Wow DerpyBot was slow welcoming me
Also, happy Kiss and Make Up Day.
didi someone contact me?
I'm on my phone :p
Showering with Fluttershy? Sounds like a solid plan!
did*
~flew in the room as you....went to bed?...forgot lyrics xD
not even a phone with internet access?
Here in Ireland, it's National Potato Day. What a bloody cliche.
Grab my tail, rachel!
RobotPinkie I NO RITE!
Anyway
I went to sleep*
lol
lol
Wow, go Derpy ha
ah thanks AllisZero i only know the ending off by heart
This game does a lot of refrences.
We have restricted internet access but for security reasons it only accesses the bank net.
~Cuz i'm obsessed with ponies so it seeeeeeeems~ :3
Bayonetta? as in the character from the game?
oh
"Whaddaya buyin? I heard that in a video game once"
I'mma vanish for now, will be online properly in about half an hour.
gotta admit, that song is a great lullaby :P
Yeah
It's awesome!
Later folks!
I liked that game, and that remix of fly me to the moon
/me is totally going to sing it to his firstborn child
I gotta admit, I use it as a lullaby...
Myeah
I've been listening it to constantly before going to bed
:I
eh, screw that I can't wait. I'll sing it to my niece the next time I sing her
lolol mfw everybrony does
see*
I feel sorry for the one fearless in one of the boss battles that gets attacked yet never bothers Bayonetta herself =/
it's on par with IBRINGDALULZ music, and pony swag, and 'times are a'changing brony' and uh taht new one...yea there's a load of really good fansongs :3
*itself
Eeeeeeyup, agreed
haven't really listened to the first guy you mentioned though
havent listened to any of them
/me laughs at the picture of rarity using applejack as a polo horse lol
that was an odd picture
but a lot of good fansongs, that's truth
RobotPinkie: i g2g dinner now, but when i return i'll link ya my fave fansongs
Dinner bai bai all
Haha oh yea
thanks Daz
Rarity is perfectly entitled to that sort of treatment.
and later
system check complete, all systems derpy
see ya later daz
0bai Daz
system check?
Later Daz
!seen Sketchy_Sound
7dat theme
Fireant: Sorry, I haven't seen Sketchy_Sound lately.
Yep. Derpy.
!seen Marshmelon
bai RobotPinkie, ValtheJean, EdwardNewgate, AllisZero ^_^
kinda likes that one posted lastnight. Wasn't original or any thing but that dash comic went good with the theme from up
7bai Daz
Fireant: The last time I saw Marshmelon was Thu 25 Aug 2011 07:01:34 AM CEST
14Theme <3
14Later Daz
Sketchy_Sounds. He was on just a bit ago, he'll be back later
last night
If you'll excuse me I'm off to draw some hybridization charts...
/me is lurking...
!seen Sketchy_Sounds
CogWeaver: The last time I saw Sketchy_Sounds was Thu 25 Aug 2011 10:04:53 PM CEST
You missed the "s" at the end of the name
yeah sumica, because both try too hard to pull your heartstrings :P
eyuptp gave Derpy an upgrade to 3.0.3
man am I tired... darn visitors had to visit and someone didn't set something ata ll and I ended up having to skip my lunch to get their work done...
Sumica, you reminded me of the comic again
There we go
Fuuuuu
"No matter how much you ask I'm not putting achainsaw on your arm"
Sorry AllisZero
this music...
sounds so familiar
14Dat Luna desktop
I can't place it...
uname -r
3.0.3-gentoo
7Final encounter with Nightmare Moon
oops
Must be Sathi streaming, I know that BG
*derp*
ah
tis a good background :P
14Yup, its Sathi's :P
Why wub that BG
14 /)^3^(\
Rodin made me a sword but the game won't let me go to the weapon menu
Indeed!
hum...
I never liked any of the weapons I got in that game after I got the shotgun for her feet and the Katana for her hands
brb, going to put conditioner in Pinkie's hair and get it wet.
sounds like someone pulled a channel swap to get that song.
unless I don't get it till after the third chapter
hm
Becuease I can't wait till I unlock the ice skares
I think he makes them when you get the disk, then you need to buy them don't you?
yeah he made the Saruba
I just can't find the darn menu to equip it
If I could remember I'd tell you... I have the game in my room somewhere ( need to return it to his boss though, is kind of done with the game lol )
14These dresses are simply divine!
dat fashion show
and I need to get my PS3 back from him lol
/me 7claps for Octavia
14:D
Got a bunch of Blu Ray anime at Otakon this year and he has my only Blu Ray player
*yay*
Louder.
*yay*
Louder!
14I havent even been on EqD yet today, I'm falling behind. lol
yay
/me squeaks
LOOOOUUUUUDDDDEEERRRR!!!!!
yay!
found the game locke, I'llt ry to find the menu
not much today
14Time to make ZE MAGICKS!
urgh, too much protein too quickly
was very nice though
only 3 post sence the nightly round up
14Well, least I'm not missing too much yet.
i just couldnt stay away ;P
14I comment on almost everything besides most of the stories. :P
that online demo looks promising
k
one is just you woke up as RD what would you do.
I know that song.
14Yup... 4 comments... lmao
14*400
oh CarlG, you're such a loudmouth
Hellew
i am so tired.
lol
and no its not early or late
That's too bad.
lol blums
just from a looooonnnnggggg day
why was your day so long?
lol, sorry this is so random
but this just happened to me today:
Locke, 360 or ps3?
school, worries, etc
360
if 360 hit the back button
during game play
not start
ahhh well i'm sorry...my school started today...=/
7Here we go
its ok
it just sucks.
its long and boring and too hard
op list is soooo long right now
and they are too strict
the back button! How did I never think fo that
Man this scene is gold
yes it pretty much does
but i have a pretty awesome teacher so that is ok i guess
0http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xSLlZh9yelk
My laptop is now ponies, mainly Apple Jack.
hmmm
now will it be the dad or the kid
well one of them is a complete.. brat, if you will.
and applejack rules.
yay applejack!
both are equally tragic :P
Row row fight the apples!
i like pinkie the most
Pinkie scares me
14Wrod up!
14*word
14I have that song.
and one of the teachers i have is scary, he has a loud voice and.. erg.
that's like 1/2 the fun
pinkie looks better with straight hair
14Awful, I know. :P
lol
to each their own :P
i use to agree with that but i think her poofie hair fits her personality better
yeah
Apple Jack: Row row buck the trees!
Ah that explanes the stream derping on me. left BT running.
Hi! ;>
hello there
hello Lets_
Hellew
Looks like my pinkie plan is a good plan... I just need hairpins, or it's gonna fail. :(
0Wow, was not expecting that in Fallout: Equestria
lol, the tragedy of male bronies: No female hair tools :P
Baaaats, bats on my face
Heeeelp
lol that's the truth right there
Bats?
pinkie quote
ticket master :P
OI
the awesome teacher i have has a ninja poster, a zombie poster, and a chuck norris poster on his walls
House's face: "Challenge accepted"
oh lol
Gaben
lucky
who is SomeFrenchBrony?
Gabe Newwll needs to make episode three
and he fences
'It's never Lupus'
sounds awfully familiar
It's a brony, who's french
no kidding.
there will never be an episode 3
well i know no one so i can't help you there
instead they're making the third game
oooooooohhhhhhh
so THAT'S why he needed 5k
Maybe Gaben's watching ponies!
I heard that they might use lupus on House, but only for the last episode
PONY UPDATE FOR EPISODE 3!
THis vid explains what happened to episode 3 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZaY1jV96jI
I would be okay with a full 3 instead of Episode 3. I would be annoyed to have waited for years just for a 5 hour game.
Rofl
what, pony update for episode 3?
there was a "pony farm" in a pit in portal 2
You guys know
That
This chatroom might get me fired one day right
:(
If I had that bike, i'd buy myself a short-spear and put it in the holder
I haven't gotten shit done all week!
rly?
That's... not good
BUt it's all so worth it.
0and we'll still be here for you
It is a scientific fact that no-one in this chatroom can handle my brain if he or she attempts to borrow it.
do what I did when I was working, keep the chat window REALLY small :P
10AllisZero it's worth it. We're so awesome
ohai Rainbrodash
/me brohoofs RainBroDash
10;)
wonderfulnessness
Same for Charlee Sheen and Pinkie Pie.
hey RainBroDash.
They'd be the best of buddies.
my, you ARE a flatterer. glad to see it's not just me
Pinkie Pie is Bi-Winning
that is a most defs truth
got to go again, see ya guys :/
Food and shelter < this chat
^
uh oh, dad was lying
lol
everypony lies
HE JUST LOST HIS SON'S TRUST
AdultSwim is afraid of bronies
Losing a son's trust is the fastest way to lose a son
FOREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEVERRRRRRRRR
HA
hey what the!
I wish I knew what happened, but my stream's been hijacked by Derpy
lol
What
the advertisements at the top
beautiful
are for MLP right noagh
HOW DID YOU DO THAT
and also nice Pinkie :P
0Wow, what a good chapter
@pony Derpiest pony
6 Derpiest pony is 7Scoota6loo
If Gaben were a pony, how fat would that pony be?
i was in a target a few days ago and saw a mlp fim display and totally freaked out. old ladies' expressiones priceless
Blueshade: POnyville would be extint.
hahaha
...I can't really argue with that, considering what she does on the show...
0kthx
Due to his fatness breaking everyponys' houses.
His presense.
c:
Makes sense
is this S2E5?
Meanwhile at valve
Herro!
no, it's House
Not sure, I know it's S2
*trolololol*
lolol
0No, this is patrick
10oh u shadowman
0*trolololol*
10>shadowman
I would have loved to see that papyrus XD
:D
10shadowmane is now a superhero
he is as shadowy as his mane
i might have also kinda said in a screamoish voice my little pony
/me is now a superhero
does that mean Silvermane is your arch-enemy?
Ohai House. and is this a 4th silvermane variant?
Ohai everybrony
of course not. Silvermane is my son, sillys
howdy dermathil
10so ShadowMan is now arch-nemesis of SilverMan
Sup bro!
Father son is a good hero villain combo :P
ohai Dermathil, wb Daz
Applebloom: Scoota Scootaloo , where are you? We got some work to do now
Ty GGgala
Class ended 30 minutes early
hot dogs went down nicely :3
nice
so Silvermane would have to be the superhero that eventually discovers that I was one of his foes for years and it causes drama
Dermathil: what class?
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozDvkBe2rdg
I need to ask Twilight about that one.
Twilight told me this video is about Pinke Pie can&#39;t decide.
optional class
...wth is that
The class is for people who are new to College
hey again Daz
Daz: ii've seen silvermane silvermare, shadowmane--what's the fourth?
oh ok
ahhhh
hai RobotPinkie :3
So they can be shown how to adapt
is this your first year Derma?
GGgala: Pizzapony!
P-PIZZAPONY!?!?
eeeeyup Daz
Daz: D'OH. i should'a remembered
0ohai Dermathil, did you read the latest chapter of Fallout: Equestria?
:P
yes Edward.
HE'S BEEN HERE!?!?
hello?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CWrLPum_HQg
Y U NO keep receipts of scoo scootapizza? xD
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/49488 :3
if so, let me be the first to welcome you to the life of freedom and bookreading!
never have i seen so many bronies
0It was a wonderful chapter
Just thinking 'bout it makes me cry rives
*rivers
Dermathil, EdwardNewgate: is FO:E rly good?
yes, Daz.
0It's amazing
If i get my hooves on that Pizza Pony..
Latest chapter is 51k words long
yo
hello there User_3202
I don't see any broneis right now
except myself
stream's really derpin', gonna have to download to watch this with you guys...
51....k?
halp. i got 2 urgent ones to read, and then i'm back t obacklog. i guess ... shouyld I put it 3rd?
that's the length of a short novel
yes Val
Lol house
0Valthejean It took me forever to read
shows you how much content there is in there.
no, it shows the lack of organization
The entire fic is still incomplete and is over 440k long
haha I just started watching season 1
is it well written thou?
NOPE Valthejean.
he needs to cut that back, big time
It's awesome
Valthejean, maybe that's because it is the equivalent of 4 chapters?
0Val the God of Writing
7troll
I fully agree 100%
OI
yes
ValtheAuthor
ValthePen
50k is about the length of a short novel
/me pounces on Sketchy_Sounds. PONY.
I have returned
especialy the part where there are ponies!
/me is pounced!
yay
100 pages?
pony pony pony pony pony
/me hugs Tavy ^^
0Also, how can you say that if you haven't even read it?
HAHA
lol, these nicks....are somewhat filling my ego trip :P
Man, that conditioner really helped Pinkie's hair
pwnies :D
because the first rule of editing
there is always something to cut back
mo ponies
@brushiebrushiemeter RobotPinkie
6 RobotPinkie is 83% brushiebrushie. (1517)
50k for a single chapter is excessive
True.
ValtheGreat, ValtheMaster, ValtheVisionary :P
yeah, if Fallout: Equestria were put into conventional publishing rules, it would be split into multiple books and form a series/
@brushiebrushiemeter Daz
6 Daz is 42% brushiebrushie. (1518)
but it's not in conentional rules, it's online.
Pooooooniiies.
D: RobotPinkie teach me the ways!
yeah, GGgala's right.
0Valthejean, after reading it he probably did cut back a lot
yeah, but it's why I'll never read fanfics :P
Hm
:O it's THAT big?
Ponies forever
10ValtheImpaler
yes Daz
but keep the nicks coming, I haven't NEARLY gotten my ego fed enough :P
Before FIM: I hate ponies with a passion, After FIM: I F&%KING LOVE PONIES!
ooo0oooo
10(mine was best)
the Impaler
Whoa, I had 44k words halfway through the first chapter of my noveru
I like that one
owlowlicious should record the number of times pony is mentioned
Rainbrodash wins a gold star
oh gawd...dare I read it. hey um Dermathil / EdwardNewgate what if i've never played any fallouts? still worth reading?
10:D:D:D:D:D:D:DD
Yes, Daz.
What fic are you guys talking about though? Fallout Equestria?
(ValtheDigger) (Dermathil just punched the air)
Before FIM, I also hated ponies. After FIM, I continue to hate the ponies I hated before FIM.
Before FiM: I am afraid of ponies, they will eat me!
RANDOM BRONY TRIVIA: the author of /Fallout: Equestria/ , Kkat, is actually female
ok...Dermathil it's 3rd now in my list :P
nanananananana ponies!
It's not really that hard to put conditioner in a pony's hair, Daz
I went back and watched some pre-fim and stuff and it was ok. wasnt too bad
0You'll miss out on a bunch of the allusions, but it'll be worth it
just make sure you rinse it out completely :P
I did likewise. It was terrible.
Lol pre fim is awkward
Ponies before fim are just horrible and ugly
0mfw I should
Fallout just helps you see some of the early plot points further in the story
so i should put conditioner in, but not much, and then wash it out?
0should've known that
Yes
slightly awkwardly, theylook more like actual ponies
ponies arent FIM cute in real life you know
will shampoo do? (i THINK there's conditioner somewhere but not sure)
next time Dari tries to troll me, imma just be like: "I WILL IMPALE YOU WITH MY TOOTHBRUSH!"
I know
i have an intense love for fim ponies
Not even the real-life unicorns!?
10ValtheImpaler: http://www.donlinke.com/images/Vlad/vlad_tepes_big-x01.jpg
/me notices Val's toothbrush is dulled
yeah they're just so cute
ValtheImpaler: YOURS IS THE BRUSH THAT WILL PIERCE THE TROLLS!
Daz, RobotPinkie... wtf are you talking about
fim ponies are proportioned a bit more like bobble-headed llamas, tbh :-}
I don't think so, Daz, hair's clean when it comes out of the box
FIM reminds me of Sonic when the characters don't look like there real world cunterparts
lol
>_>
Clunterparts I mean
Conditioner makes it easier to brush, that's all :P
ShadowMane: hair styling
counterparts
dope
phew, got there
THANK you
fim reminds me of all thing good in the world
i see that. but... for what
oh ok then RobotPinkie. i guess i'll try it. i found a goodish method for Shy , so gonna try tomorrow
Ponies, ShadowMane :P
also RobotPinkie what do you use to dry hair?
MLP: MEN LIKE PONIES. FIM: FAUST IS MASTER
i presume toys
a hair dryer.
lol....wow...random disconnect
ShadowMane: pubic hair (!) No seriously wth did you think we were on about if not Ponies? :P
Right now? lol a low energy light, I have no hair dryer
I guess ValtheImpaler even impales himself!
lol +1
faust isnt the head hauncho anymore
Blueshade: YES
I'd use a hairdryer, though it's a bit risky
i know =(
Daz, honestly, i've heard weirder conversations on here
Yeah. D:
but Dermathil is a hair dryer better than just light? why risky RobotPinkie ?
ShadowMane irk
ikr *
Oh well, the drug spread good enough for it to be good.
besides, she's working more on her Galaxy Girls
They're on a drug called Lauren Faust.
Well if you get too close with it the hair can start melting
/me wishes he had a pony to discuss brushing strategies
D:
ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNO-PINKIE!
and ValtheJean go get one!
well...I have the McDonald's Rainbodash
the pony can't tell you when it's too hot
Be right back. I have a budgie that needs to be put to bed.
Would the show still go on it's constant path of awesome without Lauren
faustian bargains have been made!
well, I'm waiting for more accurate merchandice
dise*
also RobotPinkie my dad odesn't mind driving to ToysRUs tomorrow ... i'm getting Rainbow Dash (and rainbow flash) tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
jeez
I figure as long as you keep it at a bit of a distance it's fine.
yes blueshade. and she's still on the team btw
i wish it could RobotPinkie :(
o.o
yesterday I found out MLP:FiM is produced in the city where I live
yay Daz!
YAY!
excellent
but I will say that the pack from Target with all the different characters looks interesting
you live in the phillipines 3202?
buy eet ValtheJean
10woohooo~
lol no canada
Can't find it
Aha, another one!
too loud, RainBroDash xD
unfortunately they don't sell it online
MLP FIM is animated in the phillipines and voiced in vancouver
South Florida dude
Ah
"[Grimdark][Shipping][Adventure][(Black)Comedy] "0_0
ponied
0Daz, everypony's in blackface
also I've heard a LOT weirder conversations than hair styling discussion here.... :P
Hi
they're also produced near the bad part of town
ValtheJean be a hero and buy them in person, and not with autocheckout
hello
EdwardNewgate: :O
/me is too scurred >.<
HI
I can see it from where I live
like 3 blocks away from where crack dealers are
i expect a lot of the primary animation is done in-house and they outsource stuff like background characters. hence derpy, lyra et al, so it works!
10:3
scurvy!
>_>
yeah almost all cartoons do that
Reverse trolling!
So some guy in another country could have been responsible for Derpy XD
hey ValtheJean dunno if you've heard my story of my 1st purchase but ... well, i left the shop, got in the car, and got out the car to go back in
also about 5 times in the shop i walked over to pink area, to MLP, and away again...
HaysforPonies: and will probably never get the credit
Lol I dunno, I feel derpy was more of an inside job
lol
Sonic Paradox is filled with bronies
did you end up retrieving the sacred artifacts?
well all he did was screw up some eyes
lol
the fandom created her personality
this is true
dat soundboard sathi, dat soundboard :P
0mfw
LOL
I want that soundboard!
LOCO IN THE COCOA~
Haha, a guy has a bad day and decides to draw Derpy with stupid eyes to give himself a laugh. Then it ends up being taken.
I am definitely loco in the coco
Blums: we reward enough other artists for serendipity
I want it now
I've only had an adrenaline rush (where it's not 'butterflies' but properly intense BZZZING through your body) a few times. a few horror games, themeparks, and sometimes at swimming competitions :3. but I had it there...when I saw the MLP toys...and saw myself in the pink aisle D:
ValtheJean: it's an experience
lol
Still better than disgruntled artists at Disney :D
I'll bet
twas horrible i was all 'wtfamidoing'
i love the word serendipity
Disgruntled artists with Marvel comics were beautiful.
but then when i went into the car and got myself POWAH'D UP
I THINK that's probably it...
disney bought marvel, they're friends now :P
i ran back in, grabbed fluttershy, and stood there LIKE A BOSS genuinely, at the till, about 3 dads with kids looked at me, at my hand, and then ಠ_ಠ at me
ahahaha
I mean, sorry that happened. But god that must have been awkward
i walked on, gave to man at till, who also ಠ_ಠ at me, and then gave him my 8 euros and walked out. Oh man, it's just ... an experience! go buy them ValtheJean !
ValtheJean: to tell the truth it was awkward as fuck, but 2nd time in...i was BAWS.
lol...I dunno if I could
Daz, I got no idea if a hair dryer is useful.
you don't know that it might be a hostile takeover
ok Dermathil i felt nothing. no shame
It's very baws to buy ponies
("i felt nothing. no shame" was for ValtheJean )
lol, I'm too concerned about purchasing up in a very...very...odd state
miss all the good cartoons disney had in the 80's and 90's... heck even their real old stuff
ikr RobotPinkie
CALL THE DECONTAMINATION TEAM
OH NOES
i am in a state of agreement
I would not feel shame in buying ponies, but that's because I just don't worry about that sort of thing.
it's lupus. DO ho ho
lawl
THANKS FOR THE CANCER!
FreezeFrame: so I thought. but then ... the pink aisle ... FIM ... Dat huge adrenaline rush ... D:
RobotPinkie: Thank you!
Hey man, I literally JUST got to the phase of buying FiM t-shirts
Okay, the bird is in bed, y'all can be cool again.
I'm not ready for in-person purchases yet :P
no, AllisZero, thank /you/
/me 10has no merch at all
I don't buy much right now, though. No moneys.
lol, this vid compares 3.5 rainbowdash with fim rainbowdash http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwyIR598a_s&feature=related
RainBroDash needs to go and buy some.
RBD: :(. DO IT FILLY
for the soundboard, or the cancer, AllisZero? :P
/me realizes he actualy has direct LOS from his house to studio B
ValtheJean NO U do it filly :p
I BOUGHT ONLINE STUFFZ!
lol East Hastings?
rainbow dash always dressing in stlye... I found out where that reference came from finally lol
/me is still pretty pissed off about the FiM dvd only having 2 episodes
from across the burrard inlet
don't buy ponies online, go to a shop and pay for them face to face with the checkoutperson.
I haven't gotten to the stage where I buy MLP shirts
The soundboard haha
because it's expensive to import :P
nice
/me awaits a 1080p release with extras and no watermarks. ONE CAN DREAM
What about a dvd
fair enough robotpinkie
Gahh! It burns
Sumica: there was a dvd with a set recently, but had only 2 episodes in it
Sumica: They released a dvd, but it only has 2 episodes on it
THE G3.5! IT BURNS!
twodells
n-n-n-ninja'd
Feh
:P
>: (
lol
Lawl, i love you really ValtheJean
I WILL IMPALLLLLLLE YOUUUUUUU
They haven't released an entire dvd set yet
10ValtheJean XD
/me leaps at Daz with a trident
I was just in North Van yesterday :D
0ohai mom and dad
Scootaloo will show us games to play~
Now a hilarious comparison with Pinkie Pie http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9y0w9g7CN1c&feature=related
Yo could anyone explain me why the heck when i'm logged in my google account the chat doesn't work?
GIIIIIIIIGAAAAAAAA. BRUUUUUUUUUUSH. IMPAAAAAAAAAAAALEEEEEEEEEE. http://images3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20110419021257/deadliestfiction/images/b/b8/G-L_-_Giga_Drill_Breaker.jpg
As soon as I saw the video and G 3.5 Dash, a suddenly disgusting taste touched my tounge.
/me uses a very powerful magnet on the trident to disarm valthejean
awwww, I can't see the image :(
firefly is the mother of rainbow dash ?
aww...
Think I will wait on a box set, dont think I can work up the nerve to go buy 13 dvd's one at a time.
aniways it's just 'giga drill breaker' from gurren lagann, an Anime
nope.avi
The magnet is grafted onto my arms, it only serves to pull you into my killzone :P
it's R lee!
trident*
not magnet
Sumica: it's a one off dvd in a toy set, there's not '2 eps per dvd'
ah
Btw i'll burn your god damn house down WITH LEMONS!
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/548f7a52-9334-4593-9aeb-ac140b389390.gif
oh, it's a teaser
alright anyone knows where can i find me some furries?
Oh god the sky is falling outside my office
gotta check something out ;)
yeah, I mean. I want to give Hasbro my money, but they've got to reach me half way
Firefly was killed and her brain was taken out, improve, and put into Rainbow Dash
So much rain
*improved
yea Sumica. it's all 'have toys, have dvds, watch us on Hub'
along with her wings
Rainbow Dash is basically Buttercup+Bloo
sudenly, death
ikr ValtheJean. now go buy ponies :3
what is rain?
lol
and a little of sonic if you want to compare it to that
the patient has deceased
I will say this much
if they made a Caramel toy
oh and let's not forget her goofy personality
I'm sure he died
shutupandtakemymoney.jpg
sonic is probably RD's father for all we know
all ponies are goofy lol
like damn that goofy persona when she first meets twilight or messes around with just guards
is there a colgate toy?
it's 120 outside I wont see rain for a long time.
just makes me wanna snuggle the crap out of her
there would not be a force on earth to prevent me from purchasing that Caramel
120 farenheit?
10daz I wish
Jesus imagine If Pinkie did get her wings! Rainbow and Pinkie would of became Fred & George
yarr
of FIM
Valthejean, I'm sure they'll make a colgate, Lyra, and tons of other background ponies before Caramel.
Sonic = Rainbowdash
Bloo+Buttercup = RainbowDash
YOU TAKE THAT BACK
just sayian
I WIEEELLLLL IMPALE YOU
# rainbow dash always dresses in style
10ValtheJean it's alright. We all know Caramel is best pony
0Do they have a Spitfire yet?
/me Lunges at Dermathil with a sharpened Toothbrush
help, stuck in my head now
/me is immune to stab attacks.
Wow, someone in House's family is a bigger dick than him
wait wait, a SECOND time RBD?
alright so i was asking myself this morning or whatever the time is in your country
this is uncanny!
10xD
screencapping the fuck outta this shit!
Where you all from? like 4chan, other, g-mod, counter-strike?
wher do you think he got it from RobotPinkie
>best pony >not Twilight O LO LOL
nearly 10pm here
Suddenly, SPOTTED SATHI'S PICTURE
@pony RainBroDash's secret sex slave
Madagascar?
6 RainBroDash's secret sex slave is 6Spik3e
G3 intro done in FIM style, making it 20% cooler http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fjot9jkpmv0&feature=related
rainbow dash= fyre flye
We can rebuild her, we have the technology...make her better, stronger, faster, and 20% cooler.
10.........
>mfw
0_0
7zomg
0ohai Uncle Pedo
10@pony RBD's waifu
6 RBD's waifu is 8Mr a7nd 11Mrs C13ake
LOL
7no!
Again RBD?
10>.<
lol
RainBroDash: why always old women, little kids, and babies? why cna't you have normal? oh look, and a married couple now too...
@pony RBD's non-waifu
6 RBD's non-waifu is 7Brae8burn
...and M/M
@pony AllisZero's waifu
He's also a DEAD kid soon...
6 AllisZero's waifu is 15Sweetie 6Be13ll6e
I'm ok with that.
Suddenly Twilight
RainBroDash Y U NO NORMAL ships :P
lol, that soundboard makes everything better :P
@pony AllisZero's secret sex slave
6 AllisZero's secret sex slave is 2The 8Wonder2bolts
ValtheJean: it makes the show ... 20% cooler
Wow, harem
/me now has two pieces of evidence against RBD :P
Daz: :P
that the pony SB that was on DA?
10:3
0GOD DAMN YOU ALLISZERO SPITFIRE IS MINE
G3 scootabuse FTW
dat psp
I'm okay with that.
dat GTA
I'd hug Spitfire and fondle her ears.
0...I can has Spitfire?
10House isn't playing metroid...
7he got a PSP now!
@pony EdwardNewgate's secret sex slave
6 EdwardNewgate's secret sex slave is 6Cheeri13lee
eeeyup
damn House has good taste! metroid fusion, ninja gaiden black, metroid prime hunters, COD 6 multiplayer. LAWL
he's always high-tech
x32 PCI-E 3.0 ports..........
/me 0is okay with this
(he did once play cod6 multiplayer on xbox, i remember eet >_<)
>mfw COD6 multiplayer is good-taste...
@pony Daz's secret sex slave
6 Daz's secret sex slave is 13Diamond 6Ti15a6ra
Oooohhhhhhhh
WHAT KIND OF WORLD HAS THIS BECOME
Dermathil Hey now lemme say something:
...
0Daz you filly-fooler
lol I know that feel dermathil
I wonder if I should join in all the atpony fun.
I'm no gamer. I rarely play games, and I'm aware of the huge hate at MW2. Here's where I stand:
I'm so sorry...
wtf EdwardNewgate i'm male
NEW POST
G3 and 3.5 brings tears to my eyes...and not the good kind. >_<
here's where I stand:
@pony Sumica's secret sex slave
6 Sumica's secret sex slave is 9App3le 8Fritter
oh Sathi: trolololo :P
O_o
RUN SUMICA
RUN NO
NOW*
New post on Equestria Daily by Sethisto: PMV: The Count of Equestria / Stargate Equestria / My Little Saints Row: Violence is Magic (http://tinyurl.com/3eqgwmz)
Now you're in on it, whether you like it or not.... though RainBroDash probably doesn't
Oro?
0Trololololol
:P
G3 is what cause Luna to become Nightmare moon
0Don't play me bro
<MFW when I google Apple Fritter MLP ...
First result, MORGAN STANLEY
lol wut?
10Sumica WHAT HAVE YOU DONE
I DONT KNOW!
10YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO STEAL MY APPLE FRITTER FROM ME
Violence is Magic? xD Must watch
10;___________________________________-;
Luna wasn't really forced to the moon! She was forced to watch all the episodes of every MLP before FiM!
RUN SUMICA
I'LL DISTRACT HIM
7inb5 ban
/me juggles in front of RBD
7inb4*
0inb5
For 1000 years!
10inb5
10is canon
@pony Sathi's secret sex slave
6 Sathi's secret sex slave is 4Apple 8Bumpkin
MW2 is ridiculously overhpyed by little kids all overt he world. on the other hand, it is stupidly blindly hated because of this and seen as a horrible game. NO U says i! The campaign was explosive and awesome, and the multiplayer is hella fun! Dermathil, WHAT SAY YOU? http://mygeekblasphemy.files.wordpress.com/2010/12/10257aragorn4.jpg
I'm more fond of inb7, but that's just me :P
Greatest Torture ever
It's like a family reunion
Then she went to the moon for some peace
0Im more of a inb789
@Daz: It isn't hated because stupid kids play it
0geddit?
10Valthejean nopony cares for your inb7
10<4
i'm not kidding, it really has lodged in my head
ValtheJean: why is it hated then?
it's hated because it's just another shooter clone with nothing to add
I'm more for inb1337
0or rather
I still like to think Luna was playing video games on the moon
earworm!
partying hard
haha, ic wut u did thar rbd :P
0inb4789
10inb1337 hahaha
and all that fun stuff ;)
smoking some pony weed or whatever ponies smoke
I'm glad there are no humans in FIM
^
amen to that, brotha
^
ah. well now ValtheJean it is indeed just another shooter, but it's fun IMO. but hey! that's like my opinion man ^_^
as I said i really rarely play vidya
*brony
till we find out Discord is a human =O lol j/k
is ok in some fan stuff, but yeah, should stay out of the show
inb9 the 9 9
om nom nom
I didn't mind aspects about g1, like the drawing style was fine
fair enough
Or that Celestia extinct humans
I played the MW2 campaign once, skipped Black Ops
but I still hate it :P
Bahahaha @ Twilight Sparkle saying to Celestia "Do you have ANY idea who you're [bucking] with?"
Will play 3 for sure though
???
G1 was decent for girls but G3 is the worst
blops was all 'WHAT DO THE NUMBERS MEAN MASON' 'ALL MUST DIE' and 'FUCK MY HEAD'. that right there sums up blops ; )
lol I haven't gotten MW2 yet
too expensive
deh musickz....it calms me
fucking activision...
Okay, got more stupid orientation stuff, back at 8-ish
(it's 5 here)
10cya FF
naw blops was a fun to play campaign too! only played it once though, but on veteran (I don't often play vidya, but when I do http://troll.me/images/the-most-interesting-man-in-the-world/i-dont-always-but-when-i-do.jpg It's on hardest possible settings)
see ya later freezeframe
oh, bai FreezeFrame
>yfw the EA-powered Origins has in its TOS a clause that allows EA to basically take any and all info about your computer, including what websites you visit, what stuff you download/install, and then can sell the info to 3rd-party providers. Also, you can only say no to that clause by not installing the program.
14Ugh, now I'm so damn pissed off.
I Want a Derpy, Bon Bon and Lyra Spinoff
Now you tell me EA ain't a bunch of A-holes.
y u Octavia ?
10whats up octavia?
I would never tell anyone that EA isn't a bunch of assholes...
/me hugs Octavia
lol yeah, I think it's common knowledge that everyone hates EA
EA has pretty much ruined any spontaneity in games
ValtheJean, The hugs one! :3
14Apprently my friends stupid mom cant wait 5 damn minutes for me to get back from the post office to give me a ride
Pony sitcom?
10D:
there is not a force on Earth more powerful than brony hugs!
CMC probably have the best chances of a spinoff
14So now I have no damn ride to the store.
10sux
yeah, but now they will make it so that everybody who will play Battlefield 3 will see their privacy invaded even worse than even facebook could ever do.
it would probably be more derpy and carrot top
eeyup
Octavia: Run. I'm serious. Run.
@Octavia: :( I'm sorry to hear that
aw
So tell me, guys...Why are you naked?
@pony The pony that would gladly give Octavia a ride
6 The pony that would gladly give Octavia a ride is 10Sni5ps
I'd offer to drive you...but I neither live near you nor have a car :P
We don't normally wear clothes
alright here's the real question ;P
14I aint running 4-5 miles in no 100 degree heat
What game
the small kid is having ASTHMA
Links?
With Fluttershy and Rarity
100 degree what? farenheit?
:(
Who's chasing you o_O seriously...i've got like this owl staring into my soul for like 3 hours straight
he's having a crysis
14Yeah, farenheit
>Kid has Asthma attack
lolol 100 degrees celsius would be boiling....
>Dad gets cancer
10daz it's not going to be 100 degrees C is it XD
Also, the the biker
Can't figure out how to do anything in the room
14lol
Roy: Owloysious exists IRL! He's trying to take you into Equestria!
lol, I love that they keep faking out
RainBroDash, it's only 212. You can handle that
TAKE ME WITH YOU!
Yo don't go all fanatic
/me 10can handle anything
phfff, I live on the sun, you have no right to complain :P
10because
10he is
i know you like to live the dream
"100 degrees Fahrenheit = 37.7777778 degrees Celsius" Now, i'll have you know I run 8KM (8 kilometers = 4.97096954 miles) erry day at 1pm in spain - in 50 degrees celcius, (50 degrees Celsius = 122 degrees Fahrenheit) So it's possible. Do it Octavia >_<
/me takes a breath
*brushie brushie*
14Just so pissed she had to leave RIGHT when I was gone that whole 15 minutes
DOSH! GRAB IT WHILE YOU CAN!
Yeah, I bet nearly everone here wants to go to Equestria.
14She couldnt go any other time, it HAD to be in that 15 minutes
10lol daz
GOLDBERG MACHINERY
Rube gold berg
You do know that running in 50 degree temps will kill you pretty damn fast, right?
DDR333333333333
MONEY MONEY MONEYYYY~~~~ CHEERS GOV'NOR!
So tell me, forum...would you like to become a pony?
http://youtu.be/MH7lXcUvgwY
ShadTheCrazed: I'd go with
ShadowMane, orly? well, i've survived 5 months of it, and survived the worst (55 celcius is worst it got)
I would be a pony in equestria. But I would rather be a dragon
!nuke
?
I would say try doing that runing in death vally but I recall spain is mostly desert too.
wow, spain is hot
well, sorry to hear that Octavia :(, let me browse through my pony folder to cheer you up :P
I remember going to Turkey in the summer
40 degrees in the shade
MLP ETFs Standing Tall
lots of water was had
RobotPinkie you betcha :P
bit disappointed with the stargate equestria trailer. probably expecting and visualising too much :-}
hmm ShadowMane what do you mean though about killing?
and yeah we stayed in the shade as much as we could, then...
Derpy and Dinky always cheer me up! http://i142.photobucket.com/albums/r118/ValtheJean/130793898615.png
if the body's internal temperature reaches 105, your brain cells start dying
so glad I live in Sweden :P
Me too. The Saint's Row one was funny though
10PLAWT TWEEST
The lack of new blood in the clips available is really starting to show.
alright i'll change some other persona...cause this guy is dieing...and going back to sleep
...except in the summer....
Out here it's illigal to build a house with out AC.
Pinkie Pie.......
>yfw Gamestop has now stopped selling the normal pc version of Deus Ex Human Resolution
ShadowMane - During, and for like 20 mins after, i sweat that my whole top either gets LITERALLY soaking wet, or i take it off...i take it off ofc :P
Dermathil: wat
EEYUP
Ha Ghost...
Dermathil: what are they selling instead?
but but y
http://www.escapistmagazine.com/news/view/112579-GameStop-Pulls-PC-Version-of-Deus-Ex-Human-Revolution
I dun wanna buy 'speshul edishan' for no reason >8^(
Valthejean: they are pulling it out of their stores.
Those were some awesome chips
They are not going to sell the game at all.
I drew another mascot picture for a club at school.
:P
wat.
wtf?
so it's not 'sold out' but 'pulling oUt'???!?!?!?
What?
it's actually impressed me that every time it seems people start saying, we've exhausted the material, someone manages to pull out something new from even the tiniest detail and turn it into something engaging
Last I heard they were only removing the OnLive codes from the boxes.
So they're stealing from consumers, and when people point it out they stop selling the game completely?
Pony Spin! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L2gwTWkjujQ
yes Daz
Dashite
http://www.chilango.com/media/2011/02/09/wtf-indeed.jpg
that...ung...
EEEEYUP
RobotPinkie, they aren't stealing at all, as they are removing from non-sold merchandise an item not included in the sale's price
but it's still a dick move
RobotPinkie: teach me some swedish =D if you want
/me hates the politics of capitalism
Darn, expected Dead or Alive (the band). Still interesting
Oh, there it is, in related links.
Twilight turned into a giraffe in this scene http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nv2SIgoDX4Q&feature=related
Valthejean, would you prefer something worse?
Yes, it is, ShadowMane. It's part of the package. I got a code to get Portal 2 on steam when I got Portal 2 for PS3, removing it is removing part of what I'm paying for.
ShadowMane, if it's put in the box by the publisher, it's part of the package.
no, I'd prefer something better
Hey guys, how do i revive Einstein?
Hey Pony Folk
Hello Mongoose
put his brain in a robot
lol what do you want to learn, Daz?
He returneth from the graveth!
The publisher is not the retailer. A store can purchase any product, alter it however they wish, and resell it altered as long as they give notice to customers that is has been altered
eyedunnoh RobotPinkie :P
Also, gogo gadget Extendo-Neck!
hmm actually
Michio Kaku or Albert Einstein?
Valthejean, any suggestion for a better system?
LET"S DIG UP PONYVILLE AND PUSH IT SOMEWHERE ELSE?
I dont think they toled people till some peopel called them on it.
And by better I'm sure it rules Communism out.
yes, Valthejean as Supreme Overlord
wait wut
how do I ask for beer, and what is the word for 'running' :P
and what is 'pony'
xD
ValtheSupremeOverlord
What's going on? >_<
True communism would be impressive to say the least, but humans will never accept such a political scheme
Valthejean, Alright then. I'm going to send you all of my taxes and everything I buy. because the boss always has the biggest workload.
That was probably Roy.
Daz: Icanlivewiththat.jpg
nothing!
My mascot drawing: http://i557.photobucket.com/albums/ss17/Kiniest2/YukoMimi.jpg
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_g9apI72UCqM/TSvCNMMo2LI/AAAAAAAAAM0/5R7k5LIVIJ8/s1600/Push+it+somewhere+else+Patrick.jpg
lol
@Dermathil: Please do. I could use more blackmail material >: D
ValtheJean: Foreveryourloyalservant.gif
xP It's not how I wanted it to be, at all.
I have a minion!
/me does a 'Dash' Salute
This calls for an impaling festival!
...sure
They acknowledged it only after complaints were made, ShadowMane. Doesn't sound like they gave any notice.
>yfw I find your personal informations and impersonate you.
lawl
JackiePie: We should just take anti-bronies, and PUSH them somewhere else!
hah, you wish you could impersonate me
lol the word for "beer"... that's hard to pronounce
Was the coupon advertised on the package, Pinkie?
One day I'm talking with investment bankers and the next day I'm talking with bronies >_>
Gamestop is trying to throw their weight around and they can do it in this instance because Square Enix is small enough that they can do so.
I am an enigmatic cog in a far greater clock of mysteries
How about that cliff over there?
Sure!
>Square Enix
>Small
>implying
Comparatively.
perhaps
If I ever become quardraplegic like Hawking, I don't want microsoft sam as my voice, I want a pony soundboard
RobotPinkie: OUL
kinda
(just heard it)
That's jsut something that had to be said...
Mayeb it shoudl go in my will?
JackiePie that Idea can get us all killed!
You'd probably just say "En stor stark" to the bartender, Daz :P
also RobotPinkie i can pronounce umlauts
LUPUS
Hello
10Yo D_E
ohai Denied
Um, you could just tell them that you'd like the soundboard after they install Microsoft Sam.
hey Denied_Existence
10>Lupus
what's that? "Öl, vänligen" says google...?
And Dermathil, Square Enix has recalled the product, so it's not Gamestop doing this on their own.
Uhhh....*acts like Patrick getting hit by the confused ray*
You know, I find Bronies a lot better than anti-bronies by doing some research. Wanna know why?
Welcome back.
Yes
ponies.
Because ponies.
It's always because ponies.
lol that's a very literal translation, Daz
Yes it is.....
Retsamoreh: no
poh-nays
Because...
oh dear
FlOOtershy!
Twilight and her Pills http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nwy7exSOlv4&feature=watch_response
thanks, i stop by every once in a while, if i am not too busy, to keep sane
Bronies are a group that most of their kind will help support. Most of us are very friendly, unless otheriwse.
"En öl, tack" would be correct
I don't enjoy pennies
*otherwise
Yup
Also, "GameStop said this morning it does not want to promote its competitors. "We pulled the coupons because, like all retailers, we prefer not to promote our competitors and their competing offerings and services in our stores," Yet they still sell steamworks games. O.o
It's how it should be
but I enjoy ponies
pohnays
loll
New post on Equestria Daily by Sethisto: Story: Newsworthy (Update Part 4!) (http://tinyurl.com/43wotxp)
"unless otherwise" Best disclaimer ever...
lol I wish I had brony friends >_>
!link applejack
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/46575
0.o
@Dashite depends on the competitor :P
User_3202: you on RDN?
eeeeyup
;)
pfft, yea, if the competitor is ValtheImpaler, they got no chance!
Trololol
but you'd probably say "en stor stark", Daz, meaning a big glass of "strong" beer.
Anti-bronies are a group against ponies, but are not a group. Most of them won't support each other when it comes to hating ponies, and will moan at anything pony-related.
Tru fuggin dat Daz! Tru fuggin dat!
...strong beer? I like the sound of that :P
?
NONE CAN ESCAPE THE WRATH OF THE IMPALER
wow what losers.
I read moan as moon there
What about people who like ponies, but behave in a anti-ponyish fashion?
/me is stroking, caressing, and BRUSHIEing ValtheJean's ego :P
nanaimo?
Even Adult Swim fears bronies
/me 's ego is getting large
nanaimo???
In short, my conclusion comes to that Anti-bronies are the complete opposite of Bronies.
what about nanaimo/
?
wow...I just realized how that sounded
oh god
...
Is RDN nanaimo?
Nanaimo? ._.
/me 7tames ValtheJean ego
okay, let me rephrase that...
uhh
http://rainbowdash.net/
ValtheImpaler > RBDtheImpaler
....OH GOD VAMPIRES
There are two kinds of bronies
lol
!link big_macintosh
Ha I saw that Sonic. Suggested competing programming.
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/33473?search=spike
Koyaanisqatsi~
I just figured out what the "impaler" part refers to...
/me ego has been tamed, never to return for fear of my sanity
Koyaanisqatsi : A film about a world without ponies
O that pony site that resembles facebook :)
O_o
no
That's flankbook
this is toen oen that resembles twitter
lol
!link big_macintosh
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/10729
whathaveidone?.jpg
"Bronies and furries, oh my!" - Adult Swim
ValtheLordship ValtheInventor ValtheDiscoverer ValtheAdventurer ValtheKing ValtheGeneral ValtheEmperor ValtheHero ValtheMythical ValtheLegendary
GO GO
^ and the word ``moist''
oo0oooo
I'm not sure what I like best
Excellent
Vinylsmith... :P
omgs i love that pic
/me must now contemplate this INCREDIBLY important decision :P
/me is in love
Lol me too
:( >google 'heroic titles' for more names. >results are 'Guild Wars' :(
/me with that pic, that is
Heh
I have also noticed that not every single Brony is a furry.
ValtheLegendary my personal fave i'd say
Skeettchhyyy
Summeerrrr
Shocking, isn't it?
although ValtheImpaler is good
ValtheGuildWars
xD RobotPinkie
Which can be good or bad, depending on your perspective.
RP? :3
well I am pretty legendary :P
ValtheGod
haha
Maybe
probably not even many of them
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Q4OQAkrxcI ... this is awesome!! XD
ValtheDiminutivelyScary
10ValtheLoser
i dunt like teh maybez.
Furry incedence rate is higher amongst bronies yes, but still not an overwhelming trend
RBDtheWank'ah
ValtheCaramellover
ValthewaybetterthanRBD
D:
curses
Eh furries, they don't bother me
ValtheMiniatureGiantSpaceHampster is too long
hahaha
whatre furries?
wait...how am I the impaler again?
What ever floats their boat, I ersonally never got into it. o.o
By my definition of "Furry", yes, every Brony is a Furry.
personally*
@pony The pony giving ValtheImpaler his/her uncritical and unquestioning love
6 The pony giving ValtheImpaler his/her uncritical and unquestioning love is 14Derp8y
RBDthesillybilly RBDthechav RBDtheinnit RBDthemush RBDthesolid RBDthefish'n'chips RBDthebenefits RBDthecouncilestatehouse RBDthecornershop OH SNAP THE BRITISH RACISM xD xD xD (I only jest, rainbrodash)
O_o
Derpy!!!!!!!
I wub wooooo!
ValtheImpaler father of ditzy
@pony The pony giving RBDtheImpaler his/her uncritical and unquestioning love
6 The pony giving RBDtheImpaler his/her uncritical and unquestioning love is 7Mr Br15eezy
I'm not furry
dats me
lol, why is it always Mr Breezy with RBD?
SummerRain: Alternatively, such characters themselves.
sorta
I think it's save to say ValtheImpaler wins this one...
That's... not the definition of a furry.
who's, um (almost afraid to ask), giving me undying love, RobotPinkie ?
oh well.
Two types of ponyfans would explain everything http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HbdupCmaGiM&feature=channel_video_title
I have to agree with Soarin, I love pies
there there Rainbrodash, not everyone can be as awesome as ValtheImpaler :P
@pony The pony giving Daz his/her uncritical and unquestioning love
6 The pony giving Daz his/her uncritical and unquestioning love is 7Mr Br15eezy
i dont need a lecture
WOW
Sonic_the_Brony: Well, I knew when I said it that definitions would differ.
0______________________________________________________________0
ypi cam
i don't gonna read that -.-
you can't change the world by changing definitions
One of my eyes is touching a wall, the other the oposite wall 10 meters away, and my head and neck have gone through the roof. DONOTWANT
@pony The pony giving RobotPinkie his/her uncritical and unquestioning love
6 The pony giving RobotPinkie his/her uncritical and unquestioning love is 5Snai10ls
:(
weeeeee
I lost
:(
Existence thinks, therefore he denies!
defining ``furry'' differently will not change who considers themselves a furry and who doesn't
3>House getting his rocks off
3Lol
3So true Val
summer!!! =D
huh?
If a tree falls in a forest and no one is around to deny it, does it exist?
:P
SummerRain : I am NOT lecturing, I am DEFINING. [/Rarity+Twilight Hybrid]
3Not at all.
how long has flankbook been offline?
ohh this morning i did NOT like summer rain one bit
it turns out that everything is just like the angels
nothing exists without being observed :P
3Also sorry Daz, you dont really exist either.
User_3202, it's pretty iffy whether it's online or not
DracoDei: i have no clue what you're talking about. yes i said it but i wasnt talking to you.
:(
but ExistenceTheDenier if no one is around to deny it, they aren't denying an existenc eof something, there for there IS no existence of something, there for it doesn't exist :P
(dat troll logic)
@pony The pony most likely to be brushie brushied by Daz
i had to take the bus this morning to school
6 The pony most likely to be brushie brushied by Daz is 15Sweetie 6Be13ll6e
he denies your trolling denial
Xiagu: But it might serve as a preventitive measure to keep people from jumping to conclusions about what someone means when they use the term.
so at the bus stop, at five in the morning
...I must go buy. RobotPinkie are there CMC near you?
I love rain.
its POUNDING down rain
lightning and thunder
Nope, unfortunately not yet
DracoDei, only if people actually give a crap about your definition as opposed to what they've picked up in their heads
Sounds fantastic. Really, I'd love that kind of weather.
imma go as I said tomoro for RD, but 's far as i'm aware we only got the 2 sets you know. what u got? just mane 6 individually?
and i didnt have an umbrella :/
any more?
3ValtheImpaler You talking Shrodinger here?
Ever since I started school, the rain has stopped here. I miss it already. >_<
i sat there and i got so soaked, i was still wet by the end of the day.
yeah I just got the mane 6 individually thus far
...As it begins to thunder. O_O
if we were going to have a long discussion, it would probably be worth saying what each person means when they use the word (without arguing over whose definition is `right')
I despise umbrellas. As a tall person, I take my life into my very hands when it's raining in town.
I'll get more though :P
eh, was kinda thinking that. But mostly because I can't get that damn Dr. Who episode out of my head :P:
just not right now
3>Obviously the bicycle police.
yeah well it was unexpected
RobotPinkie: i don't even have 4 of the 6 :( I NEED TWI
so User_3202, you checked otu the group?
/me 10had a BSoD
ohai rainbrodash
Alright folks, going home. See yall in an hour or so.
BRODASH! GRAB IT WHILE IT'S HOT
Nothing beats the Vegan Police
Xiagu: its ok now.. chill :D we can drop it, its just a useless discussion IMO.
10cya alliszero
fail, RainBroDash, just fail
see ya allis
later AllisZero ^_^
7Val?
>mfw I've been on this chat for 9 hours straight
obai Alliszero
Jesus.
7Hows my theme!
yessums?
Later all guise
OH MAI GOD
THE THEME
Bye AllisZero
I will email it to you as soon as I find it!
10mfw Val used yessums again. All my d'aww
New post on Equestria Daily by Cereal Velocity: Story: Seven Ponies (Update Part 5+6!) (http://tinyurl.com/3wzwu3v)
/me frantically searches for his flash drive
3Here is a riddle: How many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
that makes me a hypocrite
yea, moving along. =P
later Daz
10wat
Hipsters don't use lightbulbs
10@pony Best Apple Fritter
6 Best Apple Fritter is 6Twilight Spa13rk6le
10^wrong
3Some long, made up number...
or did i miss something? lol
From a psychologist's point of view, there are no useless discussions.
umbrellas are cool
oh alliszero
Twilight Sparkle... is a fritter?
I was screwing in lightbulbs before they became mainstream
bai AllisZero
yea RobotPinkie :P
FallSilently: :/ sigh
Hey everypony!
hey Pyroh
What word are we arguing over?
I hope it rains when I bike up to school. That would make me happypanda.
Sorry i havent been on in a while
Marsh: drop it forget it
Furry
lol I'm too busy playing with Pinkie Pie :P
My internet was been finicky lately
BUT, not anymore
I guess not.
Guys
SUMMERRAIN HAS SPOKED.
you aren't ending the argument properly!
Yus?
except that with all the rain and storms there was high humidity
... creepy.
Do I have to do it for you?
Cracky means we all have to group hug.
hmm...i'm 'busy' waiting for 'the tudors' on tv to finish so I can show my dad Gurren Lagann first 3 eps :P
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVmdTf7Vcxc
YES!
Twilight told me this video is about Fluttershy - Were we arguing, I'm sorry
there
Exactly
ENDED
Indeed, group hug!
/me group hugs various ponies
toys are in mah room...Crap now i missthem i'm bringing in Daisy to hold :P
so my hair frizzed up... :p
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZwMAB75ZgE
That's Pinkie Pie style.
I need to ask Twilight about that one.
Twilight told me this video is about Winter Wrap Up [ElectroPop Remix] PMV
O U house
thats the only thing i didnt like about the storm
Peter Parker went to a research facility to take pictures until A RADIO ACTIVE PINKIE PIKE CAME OUT OF NOWHERE AND BIT PETER PARKER BY THE BUTT. Thus giving him new super pony powers, thus becoming PONYMAN.
other than being freezing
Alllevelsatonce is awesome.
Sorry, Cracky, I forgot :(
and yes i HAS SPOKED Marshmelon.
....PonyMan
Okie Dokie Lokie!
House is... so House
SummerRain: You're late. furthermore, holy cats, that vid.
Electro remix.
*derp*
I've been to college
"She's just being Pinkie Pie"
ohb u
Marshmelon: yup i had better things to talk about and type.
:p
Router: Derp!
it was just a stupid reply
anyhoo
I'd like to be a half op, just so that by abreviation I could belong to a group called "hops"
i have the same issues all the time Sketchy
RobotPinkie: will you be at LOTR marathon all night? because, well, i'm considering not going :( i mean, 1am to 6am? when I gotta get up 9am saturday (for festivals admittedly :P) and 8am sunday? I dunno... so are you going?
we're constantly abused by the full ops.
Is it weird to be drinking pepsi out of a coke can?
7he must
7he must
he must
?
Yeah I don't think I can either, Daz
who must?
Pyroh: what sort of sorcery is this!?
!moon FallSilently Mwhahahaha
Grab my tail, FallSilently Mwhahahaha!
FallSilently: I see waht you did there!
It's...interesting
:( RobotPinkie
It is if you bought it like that
hello bronies
DAT RARITY
YOU MUST
look down now back to Ziltoid now back down, Ziltoid is now PONIES
o hai ziltoid
yay moar soundboards
I think he recorded his own.
i love Rarity's one-liners
Thaough i'm not sure he did it on purpose. Coz do you think he did?
...soon...
10yo ziltoid
WHO MUST? I MUST KNOW!
.............
7u!
Becasue it was a good pun if he meant to do it
This is not sorcery!
u what?
Its called
3ME?
MAGIC
7RobotPinkie:
Oh I must be at LotR?
Eating while watching house is smart
so...
YES U
Which is entirely different :3
actualy
7yes
Some how....
that should eb on bornydb
I think my sister's bus just passed by my house
Because i say it does
case closed
3NOOOOOEEEESSSSS
:( but Sathi ... what timezone are you?
without letting my sister off.
aw but I don't think I can stay up that late, I have to study for a test :(
I remember mixing Coke and Pepsi togeter once, I thought it was pretty awful, which I guess is appropriate.
T_T i hate watching kids 5 and up
7I mean I must stay up late too
Sounds like a good day so far, Marshmelon.
I hate kids in general
yeah... no
Sathi - timezone?
i dont.
That's true
its just i hate watching them.
usually
I don't really want her here, but I'd rather have her here than stuck on the bus
she's GMT, Daz
Like when i went somewheres with my gf
I'm not good with kids
at all
it was all going FINE
if they are way too snotty for my taste.
.......
She's not the non-verbal one, but I'm not sure she could tell the busdriver where she lives or anything
I am sorta.
until this annyoing little 3 year old came
and starting hanging off my neck
LOL
lol
Literally!
You've met witha terrible fate haven't you?
I don't hate kids
housequest
Hello
GMT? thanks RobotPinkie. so that's 12 to 4ish? 1 hour behind
hi barry
hai again Barry
You shouldn't have done that
lets kids be kids.
yeah, 1 hour behind
@pony
12Barry is 5Chief Thund11erho15oves
you were one too
..........
I hate neuro typical kids, the fantastic siblings I'll never have'
and you were probabally a brat
.............
Wow Summer
and snotty and stuff at that age
neuro typical?
I let kids do whatever the buck they want
Harsh >_>
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxoGmVjAsmE&feature=related ... my sister found this when i was eating
XD
which ends in me getting yelled at by their parents
@pony Daz
6 Daz is 15Princess 11Ce9le12st13ia
Meanie
Cracky: Not autistic.
I like that one Barry, I like that one very much
because "Little Timmy cut his knee wide open"
OMH HOUSE IS JESUS
I wonder if Barry likes bananas.
House is God
and "Billy broke his arm"
!moon Blums
Grab my tail, Blums!
Hello
Cracky, are you on meth?
I like the PMV with Fluttershy singing Light's "Quiet"
who are these Timmy and Billy kids?
honestly sathi, RobotPinkie, it depends how the reception is here in preshow. I may be motivated to stay up, or I may just shutdown turnaround jumpontobed fallasleep
oops
Powerabuse much?
The Moon will fall
Blums: op abuse
Jake and Matt, my neighbors kids.
THATS A YES
We'll see, Daz :)
:3
Oh
KEKEKEKEKEKEKEKEK
beat me to it
Yeah
Pyroh: There is a chance that there is a methamphetamine moluecule bearing my weight somewhere.
Is it safe to come back now? Is RBD still mad at me?
I'm not really trusted by my neighbors anymore
lol
LAWL
lolol trollan
TROLOLOLOLOL
I concure
3No, go away
i love watching 1 and 2 year olds though.
3Hes horribly mad
3He will eat you, no joke
It's safe, Sumica
lol
they cant talk as much and are easy for me to entertain
CLEANUP ON AISLE THREE
IMO
I hate watching anyone younger than ten
Deploy the COLOURS!
I'm like
dat line
Houseism
WTF, you can TALK!?
Me too
@pony Sumica's new partner
6 Sumica's new partner is 12Soar1in'
I HATE not being able to understand people
Because when i ask what?
See? Everything's fine now.
I feel like an ass :/
But i sort of have to
Same here
I can relate Pyroh
Who is Soar?
What are you talking about?
We all can
4 and below are easy to watch
I hate people not being able to understand me.
@pony Crono_Flash's best friend is
6 Crono_Flash's best friend is is 15Rari6ty
it's Soarin
once they hit five
Usually I'm just like, "I'll Google the damn thing."
oh black text on black background
they go crazy
Highlight the name, Sumica :P
through my pudding-thick accent
lol yeah
You cant google in a conversation
mmm... pudding
Oh I thought you meant in general
IRL anyways
Yeah some accents take getting used to.
@pony RobotPinkie's soul mate
6 RobotPinkie's soul mate is 7Ste6ven Mag7net
...
0_0
Again, cracky beat me to the mmm pudding line
but I dont swing that way =p
@pony Daz's Partner In Crime
It's SO truuuuuueeee!
6 Daz's Partner In Crime is 15Prince Blueb8lood
!mmmmbanannas
The hardest accent to understand is Cajun
hmm...this could work to my advantage in the interrogations
mmmmmmmmmmmmmbananas
was that footloose I just heard?
@pony Crono_Flash's rival is
Ya like russians
6 Crono_Flash's rival is is 7Ste6ven Mag7net
head aches fail
Russian accents can be SO think sometimes
im bored... time to play my drum XD
But epic
I heard that Liverpool accent is hard to understand
thick*
ohai ghosties
4What's that? You say you want more red?
Yes
The moon will fall
ohai Ghosties
4Well, here I am!! : D
i'd love to play the drums
Cajun accent? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JwbUCI9bEvA
Russian accents sound kick ass
My accent is not russian
/me wanted more blue
though I am part Russian
my accent bears no trace of it
3Sorry, I dont remember asking for blood...
/me wants more green
Oh god, the color it burns my eyes
okay...having trouble finding my flashdrive. I *promise* you I will email you the progress sathi
LOL try talking to a cape islander like myself
3Mabye it was on my shopping list?
You've met with a terrible accent haven't you?
also ohai ghosties
We have so many slangs
LOL
its ridiculous
10oh god, Ghosties is here
Cracky: was that a pun?
Hey Ghosties will you be at LOTR marathon?
10I mean HAI GHOSTIES
TGIF tomorrow. DX school really does bum me out and scare me.
ohey Ghosties
Oh you, Ghosties
4I hope, Daz
15:46 Cracky: My accent BEARS no trace of it
Marshmelon: Are you saying i have a BEAR accent?!
You know what we say here instead of yes?
one of the teachers i am terrified of. i fear her and heck yeah show respect to her
Eyah!
@pony Ghosties' soul mate
6 Ghosties' soul mate is 6R12A3I9N8B7O4W 11DASH
10lolwut
4Annnnnnnd, I dunno if the cable will hold up
OHSI-
Try to sound that out to the best of your abilities
I sound nothing like a bear!
aw
4But I'm fine with my soul mate being Rainbow Dash
ROAR
i say Eeyup. Big Mac would've wanted that.
4After AJ, she's my choice
10eww
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEYYYYYYYYYYYUUUP
10AJ
Oh another brony who likes AJ
10why would you do that
I always say Eyup, always have...
No, its ALOT thicker than Eyup
We must be 1 in a million
inb4 mod war
AJ is awesome, stfu hater :P
10another misguided brony*
Like 10 times more hard to understand
with just one E though
4AJ is down to earth, practical, sensible, honorable.
yay AJ
And we call rope, Popaleen
Try to talk western with that voice bro
dude
For some reason :/
3Sorry, not an AJ fan...the accent doesnt really register as interesting when you hear an accent all the time
"Faithful and Strong" too, Ghosties
4I do too, DE
My accent is entirely unique
3And all those other traits I see daily
4I live in Southeaster NC, remember?
To bears
My accent is "normal"
4So, the accent is everywhere
which no accent really is
Wat. ok um AJ is awesome, got that? :P
3(Also, I am the element of loyalty myself so....)
There is no such thing as Normal
To anything
The first question nearly everyone asks me is "WHere are you from"
yep
i don't have accent ... i think
when meeting me in person
10eww what is with this love for AJ
I had a good standard, eastern coast, announcer, non-accent, very perfect speech
4But still, AJ would be my first choice for qualities in a wife
/me glomps HotCocoa
You see this? This... is my PONY! YOU GOT THAT?
THe only exception I can think of is "WHat's your favourite pony?"
/me is glomp'd, snuggles SummerRain
3.......
you le-left me alone, is this cold, harsh world..
4Then it'd be a tie between Twilight/Rainbow Dash
Now I'm gaininga southen/cowboy
/me shivers and rolls into a ball
4Rarity would honestly be last
lol
cone
4Fluttershy would be high up, though
AJ: here and RD are like the 2 fittest ponies (and i guess maybe big mac? cuz of farm?) but yea she's sporty, my kinda girl. honest, so won't lie to you in a relationship, so stronger relationship. Hard working / knows pain (g2 get up earli for work / lives off farm). C'mon AJ isa wesome pony!
Ah teeya son
Spitfire is best wife
4Maybe make Twi/Dash a triple thread
Mine is semi-british
YAY!
mfw PinkieQuest
but only semi
/me 3facehoofs...
Yay! AB finally found a fillyfriend.
lol
10Ghosties you're forgetting Apple Fritter and Colgate are best ponies
Your what is semi-brtish?
..
O LAWDY
My mine!
f-f-f-f-f
10inb4 TOOT
4I'm forgetting that RBD is worst mod :3
Marshmelon
Mongoose
10:D
It's on the border between England and France.
as said by RainBroDash himself :P
I am your fillyfriend
underwater mining...
induring TOOT
...
/me pouts and snuggles SummerRain some more
let's see who is awake
....?
3>inb4 RainBarDosh or Toasties war...
/me meows at NightCat
/me 10prepares his TOOTmissiles
dun dun duuuunnnnn
4Oh, and Sath should stream some Pete & Pete
I'm your FillyFriend
/me hides in his anti-toot bunker
4Since we're getting into Nick nostalgia
/me embraces the toot
come at me!
/me holds Marshmelon's hoof
:3
GENDER DISAGREEMENT.
/me Does anyone know how to search for transparent images?
4Eh?
INITIALIZE CONFUSION
TooTooTooTooTooT
TOOT
7TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT
10IMMA FIRIN' MA TOOT
10TOOT
10TOOT
10TOOTTOOT
10TOOT
10TOOT
10TOOT
10TOOT
10TOOT
10TOOT
10TOOT
10TOOT
10TOOTTOOT
10TOOT
10TOOT
10TOOT
7TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTT
10TOOTTOOT
10TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT
*headdesk*
>mods spamming. Durr.
lol
10TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT
4TOOT
10TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT
4TOOT
4TOOT
>mods spamming. Durr.
4TOOT
4TOOT
4TOOT
4TOOT
10TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT
4TOOT
lolol
4TOOT
4TOOT
4TOOT
4TOOT
4TOOT
10TOOTTOOTTOOT
4TOOT
10TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT
>mods spamming. Durr.
4TOOT
10TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT
4TOOT
10TOOT
dear god! they turned off the spam filter!
4TOOT
10TOOT
4TOOT
10TOOT
4TTTTTTTTTTTTTTOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
4TOOT
10TOOT
4TOOT
10TOOT
>mods spamming. Durr.
4TOOT
10TOOT
4TOOT
10TOOT
EVERYPONY FOR THEMSELVES
7TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTT
4TOOT
10TOOT
TOOT
TOOT
TOOT
TOOT
TOOT
TOOT
>mods spamming. Durr.
TOOT
4TOOT
10TOOT
TOOT
4TOOT
10TOOT
TOOT
4TOOT
10TOOT
TOOT
TOOT
TOOT
TOOT
TOOT
TOOT
TOOT
public bool? Gender()
TOOT
4TOOT
10TOOT
TOOT
4TTTTTTTTTTTTTTOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
4TOOT
10TOOT
TOOT
TOOT
4TTTTTTTTTTTTTTOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
4TOOT
10TOOTTOOTTOOT
TOOT
/me TOOTs at mods
4TOOT
10TOOT
TOOT
TOOT TOOT
4TOOT
10TOOT
Do i win?
TOOT
4TOOT
10TOOT
TOOT
4TOOT
10TOOT
4TOOT
14IN AFTER TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT
4TOOT
10TOOT
TOOT
4TOOT
TOOT
4TOOT
10TOOT
4TOOT
4TOOT
10TOOT
4TOOT
4TOOT
TOOT
4TOOT
4TOOT
10TOOT
4TOOT
TOOT
4TOOT
TOOT
I knew it.
4TOOT
10TOOT
4TOOT
TOOT
4TOOT
10v
4TOOT
4TOOT
4TOOT
10TOOT
TOOT
/me Does anyone know how to search for transparent images?
4TOOT
10TOOT
4TOOT
TOOT
4TOOT
10TOOT
TOOT
4TOOT
10TOOT
4TOOT
10TOOT
4TOOT
10TOOT
¬_¬
4TOOT
10TOOTTOOT
4TOOT
10TOOT
hey its over
4TOOT
10TOOT
4TOOT
10TOOT
4TOOT
10TOOTTOOTTOOT
*slam slam slam slam*
4TOOT
10TOOT
14SO MUCH TOOO
4TOOT
4TOOT
10TOOTTOOTTOOT
4TOOT
4TOOT
10TOOT
you can syop now
4TOOT
10TOOT
4TOOT
4TOOT
10TOOT
4TOOT
14TOO MUCH TOOT
4TOOT
10TOOT
...
4TOOT
10TOOT
>mods spamming after vid. >rules ¬_¬
4TOOT
or not
toot war
4TOOT
10TOOT
4TOOT
10TOOTTOOT
/me takes elevator to roof, lights building on fire.
4TOOT
>mods spamming after vid. >rules ¬_¬
4TOOT
/me 10TOOT
between mods
4TOOT
/me 10TOOT
4TOOT
10TOOT
4TOOT
/me has kicked RainBrodash (TOOT)
4TOOT
10TOOT
4TOOT
10TOOT
4TOOT
4TOOT
obai TOOT
LET'S GET READY TO RUMMMMMMBULLLLLLLLLL
>mods spamming after vid. >rules ¬_¬
public: bool gender = true;
4OH GARSH
inafter TOOT
Oh yeah.. i guess
fail
10Daz implying we dont write the rules
10u mad?
/me leans to kiss Marshmelon
Please don't code
4It was so worth it LOL
4Oh
4and
It'd be public String I think
I would use a char for gender personally ;)
RUN DAZ! RUNNNNNN
nah
4And?
public enum
10And.
with an enum
But
/me is on fire
14LOL
Dwarf pony
Remember kids: Be Type Safe!
want
You gotta be careful about those e numbers I heard
See? You can't break the rules, RainBroDash
because the world is no longer just male female XD
10STOP! You have TOOTilated the law!
(Yes I know it means enumerator)
Well! Since there's clearly nothing going on here, and i'm a little ragy, i'm going to bed early. http://mylittlefacewhen.com/media/faces/34.png Mods y u do dis? http://mylittlefacewhen.com/media/faces/16.jpg
4Pffft...laws.
Crack is illegal (geddit?)
Mongoose
tootilated the law? that sounds titilating
yes?
You cannut take elevatur
4Y i do this?
4Because I can
10^
Can I take the stairs?
fire=no elevatur
have a good night daz
...
4O look... u made Daz sadface...
¬_¬ fucking mods, i'm outta here. night ValtheImpaler
You cannot grasp the true nature of Giygas's attack
4Yor a terrbble persin Ghosties
Sketchy_Sounds: enumARABLE
lol
10>fucking mods
I WARNED YOU SIS
10wat
House kills random dude
4Dammit
4He left before I could kick
AWW CRAP
nevermind about the stairs
4: /
eeyup
ANAPHILACTIC SHOCK
4Oh well
Cracky: Close enough >>
House, the Murderer!
I remember what you told me
MURDERERRERERER
4HE'S GOING INTO LUPUS
MONGOOSE IS FALLING DOWN ALL OF THESE STAIRS
4LUPUS SHOCK
yeah i somtimes have taht reaction to House too
10House the Impaler
All the stairs?
FINLAND!
O_o
THERE ARE ONLY TWO PEOPLE IN THIS WORLD ALLOWED TO BEAR SUCH A TITLE
cut back on the caps
10ORLY
@pony The pony RainBroDash will never ever get to touch the soft mane of
6 The pony RainBroDash will never ever get to touch the soft mane of is 15Rari6ty
Anyways
Mah plan. It wurked fantasmically
10that's fine
10since she's join worst mane 6 with AJ
Can gender be true?
lies
4>Wednesday=Hookerday
10@pony The pony waiting for RBD on his bed
6 The pony waiting for RBD on his bed is 7Mr Br15eezy
in programming, yes!
10FFFFFFFFF GET OUT BREEZY
Friday is carday
10D:
4Because clearly it's Rarity
4Even though I still like Rarity
I love making data structures that make zero semantic sense but work and are efficent...
She's joint first with AJ, Flüttershai, Twi, Pinkie and Dash
4I dont have a worst pony...
4Just a 6th place one.
4OHI GEESE
4I R SHOSTIEZ
Sweet Bloom and Hella Jack
4Ohai!
Was pretty cool
4I R POSTIEZ
I'm glad it got linked here, even though it's not safe
This is getting confusing...
well, the only problem with that is, what about neutors or trannies?
Sweet Goose and Hell Melon
4Orly?
I was gonna link it here, but it's not safe, so I realized that and didn't.
/me whois Shosties.
WHAT IS THIS NEW STRANGE WORLD I'M LIVING IN?
4As much fun as it would be to cause the chaos we did on Saturday, I don't have the energy to do so now
they don't fall into a 0/1 male/female setting
4lus
4xD
4fair
and I think we all knew it was due time before it was ponified
4*Plus
4twas lush
4:b
If I were a mod, I'd ban you all for posting in the same color.
Its not lupus
4There's just the regulars here, it's not nearly as fun with only a handful of people
Colgate: that's why I made it a nullable bool
lol
"When in doubt:
return null;
"
4And that's why RobotPinkie isn't mod <3
lolol
oh, just do a channel-wide sweep. I'll exit the room while you do, alright?
ah, so a ternary for other basically
Not really, RainBroDash :P
NewDcD was so getting anoyed with saterday.
Oh wait no
10good stuff RobotPinkie
|mfw
4Don't make me hate you, RobotPinkie. We both enjoy Joy Division, Bungle, and DK after all
>mfw
10and saturday, was that us derailing his super kawaii otaku robot stream?
My sis rides a short bus
like THAT one that just passed by out hour without stopping
New post on Equestria Daily by Sethisto: Story: The Worst Bakers in Equestria (http://tinyurl.com/3ftbahe)
4Yeah, it was RBD
lolol you get mad at me for joking about banning you, Ghosties?
4I mad?
10that was so funny
She's here with me right now
10the translation tool was literally godlike
4I was actually joking about the "hating" part
I'm letting her watch....
whatever it is she likes
and...
Pokey Pierce would never make a soufflé.
@pony The pony that wubs Ghosties
6 The pony that wubs Ghosties is 10Trix11ie
something about Ransom and bits
4Trixie?
Cracky: I do must of my coding in C, so I don't have fancy nullable types -.-
Wow
Sit down on this sofa Ghosties. Why don't you take a seat? Tell me about these anger issues you've been having :P
4Loving someone other than herself?
Colgate: Of course you do!
3Bleh
jsut return 0
That's quite a get, Ghosties
that is my false
Oh now Val is trying to be Sigmund.
it's also null!
Dah! If I vere Sigmoond I vould be tawlking vith zee accent!
4Nurse, I think Dashite has split personality disorder too. Give him a strong does of an anesthetic to calm his jittery mind
10>strong does
10:D
4Nurse, I believe mein spelling is off today
Wait what?!
What did I do?
well, I did think of a way it would work but... it is kind of messy
But wouldn't that require a psychological follow-up instead, doctor Ghosties?
I haven't don't anything!
Hmmmmmmm Ghosties. I Zink I zee seh prowblem here. I believe zis is caused by your love of ein mozher!
I'm innocent!
just use an enum
well, that's the smart way
Computer genders?
or a pointer to a bool
I'm talking ridiculous work arounds
4Indeed it would, Dermathil. *slaps on latex gloves* That's why it calls for a more...thorough exam
Time for some frontier psychology
lol, bool pointers
dat mouse is cute
Pokey Pierce, an attractive colt.
or a struct
inb4 dead rat
(>mfw House was godly that moment)
DAT HEAD
DAT HEADA TITL
well, bool wasn't in C until C99, so you can't rely on it to be in every compiler, although nearly every one has it now
3OH GOD GHOSTIES
ok, char then
same difference
10I love this guy
a pointer to a single char. :P
lolol
Just let that idiot die already. He obviously wants to die very, very young.
The patient is all yours then, doctor Ghosties.
@pony The pony most likely to not wear a raincoat
6 The pony most likely to not wear a raincoat is 15Prince Blueb8lood
SUDDENLY
4SHE'S GOT THE HIVS NOW
thanks ass
lol
well yeah, then change the value to 0/1 for M/F, or null the pointer if other, but that leaves a small memory leak
"This is the last time I help an HIV patient"
or get abusive with preprocessor metaprogramming
@pony The pony that now has HIV
6 The pony that now has HIV is 7G5ild15a
I'm okay with that.
THe patient is now to be banned from the hospital for being a big fucker.
@pony the pony Gilda got it from
6 the pony Gilda got it from is 8Bo12nB13on
if you need more than two values then bool is wrong
4Seriously, that's one of the reasons why I would NEVER work with HIV patients
I'm not sure how, but i'm sure there's something you can do
rachel: yes, we know
Uhhhhhhhh
abusing the C/C++ preprocessor is my favourite
well, what's with even debating it?
I totaly saw that CSI where the dude killed a chick with hiv and the spray got em in the face.
I hate fish!
Stupid mother......
Yeah it seems kinda scary like that...
we're just being nerdy and thinking of stupid things we could do
>yfw I met someone with SIDA. Didn't touch him but he made a pretty good speech
We're not just sure
we're HIV+
Just talking to, hugging etc. someone who has HIV isn't a problem.
eeeyup RobotPinkie.
However standing close to someone with HIV who is coughing up blood....
I wouldn't want to do that, no :P
I can never remember exactly waht you don't have in C that you do have in C++ though...
no pills here
pills here
grabbin pills
a lot of stuff -.-
Any semblance of an idea of what's happening.
Jeese........Im still on part 13 of FO:E :/
last time i coded any significant amount in C was pre-C99 :-}
I really gott get back to reading that
gotta*
AND I SHALL!
Brbz
Pills are touching
3I SAW LUNA
7lies
3WHERE DID SHE GO!?
LOL
7it was your imagination
@pony Princess Luna really
6 Princess Luna really is 0,1Z1,0e0,1c1,0o0,1r1,0a
In your dreams?
LAWL
it seems like luna
*glasses*
went to the moon
@pony The pony that Denied_Existence just saw
6 The pony that Denied_Existence just saw is 8Mr a7nd 11Mrs C13ake
got washed out
Marshmelon are you there ?
See? Sorted.
/me bricks ValtheImpaler
Yes.
@pony ValtheImpaler really
6 ValtheImpaler really is 15Tw6i4st
How can I help y'all?
I got bricked :(
http://askpinkaminadianepie.tumblr.com/ New Post for you followers. X3
o wow, the microsoft visual studio compiler has 0 support for c99
brb
Heh.
i ahve to ask you something PM me
@pony The pony that bricked ValtheImpaler
6 The pony that bricked ValtheImpaler is 7G5ild15a
Okay...
/me bricks Gilda
yeah, it's not really a C compiler...
/me makes buffalo wings out of Gilda
10@pony The pony RBD stole and now hides in his closet
6 The pony RBD stole and now hides in his closet is 14Hoity-15Toity
3OH GOD
10meh
I"ve pmed you , what it is?
3CUPCAKES FLASHBACK
@pony the pony Robotpinkie stole and now hides in their closet
6 the pony Robotpinkie stole and now hides in their closet is 4Apple 8Bumpkin
@pony The pony that's currently ashamed and crying in RainBroDash's bed
6 The pony that's currently ashamed and crying in RainBroDash's bed is 8Flutter13shy
NO
10heh
...you bastard...
3Thats...
3FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
FIRELIGHT!?
@pony the pony who will seek vengeance for Fluttershy
6 the pony who will seek vengeance for Fluttershy is 10Trix11ie
remove his heart?!
As opposed to sunlight?
must be a marriage proposal
electric light.
He told me to pm him
HEART TUMOR
I did
the light of a glowing hot iron poker
It's lupus
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aPm4LkkzzwU&feature=related
I need to ask Twilight about that one.
wtf am I supposed to do now?
3LETS PLAY OPERATION
That's the cause of heart tumors, AIDS and risky behavior
Cracky just gets kinkier and kinkier
/me 3grabs the heart with the tweazerz.
So
@pony the pony who will be operated on
6 the pony who will be operated on is 4Apple 8Bumpkin
/me 3touches the sides!
I time the pullback perfectly...
NO
did he died?
Nobody will know when I decide to cross the line
or if...
3OW FUCK SHIT BALLS
If you guys had to buy a plushie, would you pick Rarity, or Fluttershy?
/me hugs Apple Bumpkin
Fluttershy.
3FUkken electricity
fluttershy
Does the fluttershy say "Yay" ?
(I can't figure out how I should have phrased that, so Just did the best I could)
No
it must say yay
Just standard plushies.
Let's play Operation: Bricks edition! Where you're bricked every time you touch the sides
hm
still fluttershy
For extra fun operation use a carbattery instead of the normal battery.
Does the rarity say "Wahaha!"
You can rip her open and stuff a soundbox in her
Lol, no
that reminds me of a sick episode of 1000 ways to die
Fluttershy
Rip open Fluttershy?!!??! YOU MONSTER!
that the battery fishing one?
A guy set up a cow's heart to a car battery just so he could... you know
I don't think I could cut open Fluttershy. Wouldn't have the heart.
ORLY NAO?
ubercharge?
I would kill a man for the Fluttershy plushie
lol
needless to say, he died
Seriously, I would pull a man's heart out for it.
3No ValtheImpaler MOOOBERCHARGE
fluttershy?
I see "Rip open Fluttershy" and I become concerned.
http://askpinkaminadianepie.tumblr.com/post/9382370603
lol
Twilight told me this video is about HEY, WHO POSTED PONIES?
that wins :P
What if the man's heart... WAS the fluttershy plushie!
Hahahaha.
And then there was one where this guy had a meteor shoot through him
thought you were talking of the guy that tryed fishing by throwing a truck battery in to the lake wile in a metal fishing boat.
then I would keep it
I wish my heart was fluttershy
Would you buy a Rarity, if it weren't a contest between the two?
Best... Organ... EVER!
I know the person that does the AskPinkamina. Very strange person.
3Small lake
Fluttershy is in all of our hearts
Cracky: We all have a little--
please tell me these are just theoretical examples
3Or big battery?
theres like 3 of them or more
Damn it Mongoose
and not the result of the worst of society
@pony The pony most likely to be retconned into a sea pony in season 2
6 The pony most likely to be retconned into a sea pony in season 2 is 7Mr Br15eezy
I do ask goodguy greg
nope, 1000 ways to die is where they take real deaths and broadcast them
Blums: three or more what?
3Blame society on this one ValtheImpaler
Which I only one question a day
but still
pinkemina blogs
idontwanttoliveonthisplanetanymore.jpg
oh yeah
we wait he was an electrision and taped in to a power line.
but THAT one
!moon
Grab my tail, rachel!
/me grabs
they change the names of the deceased and warn against doing the stuff, though how you could replicate the meteor death, I'll never know
it's still horrible and is a shame on mankind
Hi!
just like the pain olympics
:(
Somepony is sad
was sab because everypony ignored me
wut
sad*
What's wrong my sad little pony"
Hello my DesertRose, how I wish to caress you like the warm Saharan air that seranades over your lusciously curved petals!
?*
what
nvm
>suddenly, raep
wow
im hapy now :D
Oki have fun guys, gonna go play some Sins of a solar empire.
...
damn i hate this keyboard
have a good one sumica
bai Sumica
clopclopclop
7sup guys?
...
10...
Y U STOP VIDEO
howdy sath-...er...I mean Nightcat :P
Sathi be trollan :P
i see the stream freeze-framed on Chase's shoulders
"hate" is such a strong word...
actualy im still pretty sad....but for different reasons
@Cracky not strong enough
@pony the pony who will star on World's Dumbest
6 the pony who will star on World's Dumbest is 2Princess L10una
oh dear
lol
I hate Cracky
3NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I jsut quoted Party of One didn't I?
I didn't even realize
3*sniff*
I think
ponies have metastasized
in my brain
Re-roll
Hey guys
1. my fingers are to big for the keys. 2 i have to realy hit they keys for them to work. 3 Ive discovered that memory unit manufacturers lie tous about a units true data storage capacity
3>Daddy ise so sowwy
@pony the pony who will really star on World's Dumbest
6 the pony who will really star on World's Dumbest is 8Flutter13shy
:(
lol
DesertRose
I wish my keys were stiffer so I sould work out my fingers as I typed...
What is your BMI?
10Y U DO DIS
3THATS HOW I FEEL YOU BASTARD
dun dun duuuunnnnn
oh shit
erm....
7there's a problem now
7he won't get back
7before monday
last i checked i was 62 kilos and im 185cm tall
so.....caluclator time
3MUAHAHAHAHAHAHA
18.1
wow
even lower than mine
yea :/
DERP
but only slightly :p
yeah
cant remember how to caluclate BMI
i need to gain weight too
http://www.nhlbisupport.com/bmi/bmicalc.htm
that's how
/me facehoofs
alternatively: Mass/Height^2
metric
lol people really are in mourning, now...
/me goes to do some push ups
I don't eben know mine
even*
hey everypony
all I know is that am in shape
Not recently, really, lolz
theoreticaly...
3I call self-defence on this one guys
Height/Mass mongoose?
I SAW YOU DENIED
I SAW YOU GET MAD AT HIM
?
YOU KILLED HIM IN COLD BLOOD
IMMA GO TELL THE PO-LEECE
5'10
uhh...
3I PLEAD INSANITY
lolol RainBroDash, I don't even need to look to know what that is.
oh hey pyrohs on
/me runs
210 I think
hi
3NO COURT IN THE LAnD WILL CONVICT ME
Then
YOu are technicaly obese
I'm not sure
You and your fritters :P
really?
I'm pretty skinny
yes
@Cracky not if he's ripped
30.1
10:<
BMI is a bad measure of anything I think
depends on who your ware/what your job is
BMI is awkward.
?
Its not a way of measuring fat
why are we discussing weiht?
yeah
i guess
DesertRose: is underweight
mass to height ratio
RainBroDash: http://30.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lmht57Oj6c1qfewofo1_500.png
I'm skimming the limit....
And when it comes to muscle it will still rank you obese or something XD
3U Mad bro?
I can't see the image :(
10Denied_Existence who needs court when we've got /kick
You know you want those
nah....im just barely "healthy" weight
ponies have huge eyes
yes
<18.5 is underweight
3YOU'LL NEVA TAKE ME ALIVE
I thaught you said 18.1?
that's a rough guess
10RobotPinkie where did you find it? O_O
I'm gonna go weigh myself
24.9
10also lol
Through magic!
finally got my DJ-PON3 shirt :D
Deniedception
since that makes no sense
oh, you just said 62kg/185cm
that's 18.1
/me is having a non-epic meal time
oh man
dammit i said 62 killograms
they mad
meant 65
punch number 3 on house
ohh dj pon3?
oh
Kilograms?
wesome
so you ahve 19 :p
actualy ima reqight myself....
Pounds are better
lucky you :P
reweigh
172....
or well, google...
4House is a badass
dude what
I was off....
7indeed he is
My Little Pony: Google is Magic
Seconded Ghosties
by a lot.
Metric system is obsolete
3House wins...forever
10RobotPinkie I swear I found every pic there was...
inb4 soundboard FOREVEERRRRRRRR
that's not how you spell imperial
^^
You hadn't seen it, RainBroDash ? :O
10nah D:
we measure in the weight of your foot now
lawl
4O.O
Wow... so much do you love me right now? :P
7>mfw I had the soundboard closed
lol
3Too slow Sathi...too slow.
lol
@johnsey Soon every country will use the U.S. measurement.
Hey.
4That's Cuddy's phrase for the day: Go see Stacey
!link DJ PON 3
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/36851
10RobotPinkie quite a bit
Looking at my name, that doesn't look right.
3eeyup
....
Cletus: coolstorybro.exe
66.4 kilo's.....working out is helping. 4 months ago i was 55-60 kilos
thepenismightier: yes
3U still mad bro?
jonhsey: wise guy
Fixed.
/me still has no idea what you're all talking about :(
shemad
jonhsey
Cletus: nou.png
loooooll
where you from jonny boy?
Man, a year and a half ago my BMI was like, 17
Cracky: It's not "Hat is such a strong word", but instead, "'Loser' such a strong word"
*hate
http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-hzp-_3G5B_E/TehBj2KUujI/AAAAAAAAFZI/0c7teOHcm2A/s1600/pinkie_pie_and_applefritter_by_smittyg-d3hw55q.png.jpg Though this you've seen, presumably, RainBroDash
HAT IS SUCH A STRONG WORD.
:|
3ValtheImpaler Apple fritter amn...dontcha know?
x_____x
Mongoose: you got 3 guesses
ah
New post on Equestria Daily by Phoe: Story: Our First Steps (Update Part 2!) (http://tinyurl.com/4yogsga)
johnsey: Why I oughta...
I figured it was *somewhat* related to fritter
3eeyup
...Cletus Apple?
ok
U.k
Norway
4RobotPinkie MFW I hadn't seen that
4seriously
or Denmark
4teach me your ways
lol
done
Do I have to keep the _ in my name? They make it seem cheesy.
4(also I accidentally closed the tab with RBD in it)
lol
use CamelCase
the solutiopn to all of life's problems
You can ... yeah. Wait, what? What's "camel case?"
It's just some Google Fu :P
anyone find themselves being ripped off when you finaly realise that manufactures of memory storage units measure, as an example: 1 gigabyte as 1,000,000,000 bytes
Did I guess right johnsey?
CamelCase: ThePenIsMightierThanTheSword
4D:
all wrong :) thought you'd look at my hostname
No, DesertRose.
http://bronies.memebase.com/2011/08/25/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-new-season-trailer/
3OH NOES
ugh, lyrica makes me nauseous.
huh, uppercase I's aren't that prominent though
it's germany, but why were you asking?
...what does?
I wanna find you
7Also guys
7I need input
Google fu
and do stuff to your body
4orly
SHE LIES
DesertRose: No, i've known that for years
7for the after - house show
that sounds kinky
lYEAH
lolol
tell me more
I guessed .de right!
4PETE & PETE
3INPUT *Bzzzt* I need imput!
/me 4should go to bed after House really
and....
because 1 gigabyte is infact 1073741824 bytes
http://xkcd.com/394/
I'm going to try to keep this PG as possible
I don't think either of those was on ponibooru, ValtheImpaler
/me inputs 1/0 in NightCat's calculating matrix
Mongoose: If you've read it
3*Beep* Locating IMPUT standbye...
/me was going to write out his recommendation in binary...but that takes too much work :P
"Applejack... Apple?"
for every gigabyte of memory advertised your losing 73.7 megabytes
4robotpimkie. WHAT DID YOU SEARCH
aw this was last House ep?
Use your tea bag to keep my tea cup full with tea, and lick your lolipop because I enjoy candy.
7nope
7 1 more
7 208
3*Breeep* IMPUT LOCATED, STANDBYE *Beep*
Mongoose is a rapper.
i dont like this :|
He so fly.
lol I just use different permutations of "apple fritter" and "fim" "my little pony" "Friendship is magic" "pony" and so on
waitwut^
is everybody here from europe?
anwyays, technicaly a gigabye is 1,000,000,000 bytes :p
No.
What you mean only 1 more
I'm a lyrical genius
3*Beep* Imput posted: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHg5SJYRHA0&feature=fvst
DesertRose: it sucks, but not much we can do about it now that it is market standard :P
Nope
It's not all that hard :P
I'm from my mother's vagina.
Coloradian over here
cone
4fair
PG, the_pen_is_mightier.
4Oh Twilight
4but I'd not come across either of those before
Mongoose: all i can say to that is: http://tinyurl.com/cloparoundtheclock
the_pen_is_mightier Shut up
does anyone else think Hasbro needs to have Pinkie's VA sing that song?
Pen: Change your name to "MightyPen"
because mfw Pinkie becomes to new Rick Roll
3*Breeeeep* Awaiting viewer replies*
what song?
Ziltoid: Denied_Existence's link
Derpy, let me grab your tail!
you might have to scroll down a couple of pages to find some images, Shosties
!moon
Grab my tail, the_pen_is_mightier!
and we are supposed to use the term that sounds like a bad lisp: "gibibyte", to refer to 10737341824 bytes
eeeeee=nope
technacly yes
yay SI units
If you type !moon, do you get kicked?
not always
Cletus: try it? :)
Derpy: She's so commanding
but, realisticaly...
Dominating, even.
902 bytes in a kilobyte
two people did it?
and they got kicked
wut
that's a pretty low sample size
The end
because its anoying when an advertised 8 gig memory stick is actualy 7.45 gigs
you can't draw any conclusions from that
I am a rapper
here, check this out
!moon
Grab my tail, firelight!
If you haven't seen that one.... then I dunno what to say.
Anypony here good at spriting?
!moon and_touch_my_rump
Grab my tail, and_touch_my_rump!
As in, for games
I'm just awesome, then, I guess...
see? doesn't always kick
/me Derpabuse.
!moon
Grab my tail, Cletus!
I liked "and_touch_my_bum" better
lol
Just, fyi, Octavia
HHMMMMMMM
that was necessary ? -.-
firelight, you still around?
dat plot
the rainbows make me cry
Oh, I guess so
johnsey is always neccessary
yes
i'd try that a few more times for higher confidence!
(mod abuse...)
firelight: You were UNNECESSARY!
OVERDOSE
The singing makes me act just like that woman
+1
4EAYAAAAAAAAAAAA
Ohai House
Firelight, I pmed you, what did you want to ask me?
Are you registered?
4She's giving her battle cry
she done got the diabeetus
4She's about to kill someone
Because if you're not, I don't think you can pm me...
probably that dad's convertible :P
Dat wasn't a battle cry. That was someone crying for their mummy!
Shosties still hasn't told me if he'd seen that pic. Is he busy clopping?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7uhhVe1QiU
baw.
do I have to?
i could realisticly sue the company i just bought my new HDD from for 6.86% of the costs for the hard drive
A Battle cry sounds like dis: WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH!!!
7So Pete & Pete anything else?
Guys, try to say you watch the show for the deep, big plot.
*oh ho ho
GL with that Desert, I'm sure it has been tried before
!link plot
DesertRose: did they sell it to you advertising it as 1000000000000000(etc) bytes?
a simple /whois will show registration
and they probably have little disclaimers
Moar Duck Tales!
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/13188
):
yeah
firelight, you're not reg'd.
OH! I'd second that!
Can't PM
How ever
^
Click that
Duck Tales is awesome
Ren and Stimpy
ShadTheCrazed: we watch it and then come to IRC to discuss how to fill the plotholes :)
+1
Omg yes
we talking cartoons?
Anyway
anyone read the life and times of scrooge mcduck?
advertised in gigabytes, when memory is measured in multiples of 1024, not 1000. i could actualy win a lawsuit
Why did firelight quit...?
I'll probably go to bed after this episode, though. :(
We not talking. We typing.
/me facehoofs
well, I wish you luck Desert
well
semantics
4Hell yeah, Pete & Pete! : D
D:
but why would anyone even try
Desert: doesn't that mean you got MORE bytes?
Ziltoid, I love arguing about them
who came up with the storage-measured-in-powers-of-ten stuff anyway?
HOLY SHIT
no-one did
A little bird just flew down and landed on my laptop screen
I thought it was a moth at first.
4RobotPinkie I was afk moving to my bedroom from the lounge
HDD manufactures probably
Marshmellon: Wat.
It probably wants to tweet
Yeah
4also I do already have that pic
4:3
Hehehe.
Marshmelon: IT'S FLUTTERSHY'S MESSAGE SAYING SA PORTAL TO EQUESTRIA HAS OPENED!
@Sharksky, I mean, "Yeah"
Aw, I'm not awesome, then :(
*saying a
Sheesh, JakiePie
What?
memory is measured in the powers of 2
Animaniacs
Take me with yoooooou!
7Cartoons & series
not ten
^
2^ *
7everyhing is welcome
3^
!neptune
Sorry for making a joke?
4^!
but DesertRose, who came up with that?
Shad: I wish. Except I squealed and hte dog chased it awat
2^x
*away
the greeks?
Actuallyt
4also Robotpinkie I'm going to bed after this ep too I think
I'm going to pursue it.,
*facehoof*
bbNever
>not staying up until 3 am every day to watch cartoons
>in 2011
Considering how bytes work, it makes sense for it to be a power of two.
the greeks were the first to use number systems in multiples of two's because it was the simplest
who came up with this crap idea that storage should be measured in powers of ten?!
lol
/me hugs Luna
/me 7likes to be hugged
wooooooooona
marketers
Hmm... I think I just heard voices coming from outside. Sounds like... a portal!
It's the law
/me hugs Luna
/me 0hugs Luna~
^5 exactly
/me bytes BitZero
oh, wow
FOR THE LUNAR REPUBLIC!
and technacly its not, its just marketed that way
just so they can make more money, huh?
I prefer powers of 16
Ouch.
4elky I'm suffering from allergy symptoms, meh
/me looks outside. "HOLY CRAP! A PORTAL! Something seems to be coming out of it..."
oh, what're you allergic to?
powers of 16 is also found uder the powers of 2
4It'll be hard enough to keep up with my exercise regime, I wanna do that then pass out asleep
fun?
but 1,024 isn't a power of 16
4I'm allergic to cats
he's allergic to love
QUICK, LOVE HIM
the base power is 2
I'm allergic to grass pollen
4XD
/me hugs Shosties
me too, but only very slightly
/me 4oh noes! I'm dying!
It's gone
BlacklightShining: I think he meant all powers of 16 are also powers of 2
awwwww....no kitties?
Who cares about 1024
I feel sick now
but I wub deh kittehs!
people only think it's important becasue it's clkose to a power of 2
er
10
7me too
Cracky: 1,024 is important
1024 is IRRELEVANT!
/me misses his cat
2056 is where it's at.
no it's not!
Like
me too, which is why I put up with the itching eyes and nose
0Kittens are awesome!
Like I just missed my chance
11Cats are awesome
11I fixed that for you
we use 1024 because it has the higest common divisibale power/thing
/me 11purrs
because each _byte is 1,024 times the next lower _byte
i.e., 1 TB = 1,024 GB; 1 GB = 1,024 MB; etc.
Horribly crushing. Also, my stomach in squeezing.
8 is the only number that matters!
9.9
Just awful.
4Whoa
silly Luna, you're not a cat!
0...HNNNNNGH
because that is the minimum addressable size
you can divide 1024 by 2 right down to 1 perfectly
4Sath is using Silver's color
Colgate: tell that to Cirno (9)
That is purely a cultural connotation
dun dun duunnnnnn
colgate is right
yes
11Eeeeeyup
I never liked Cirno
Luna can be anything she likes
DesertRose: same with any power of two
/me 11nods in agreement
cirno?
DesertRose: that happens eithe every pwoer of 2
I never played... um, that game
yup.
>give you up
>let you down
4Elky my allergies are quite bad, and I also have asthma. So when I come to my dad's house (2 cats) I get symptoms like itchiness everywhere and pain in my teeth, with the standard cold symptoms too. I can hardly breathe when I'm here, and it takes me like a week to recover when I get home too >.>
11NEVER
:( Shosties
ugh, that's rough
who is cirno?
lol
4 398 046 511 104
/me hugs Shosties again
Ouch, Shosties
I don't care what anypony says: Row Row fight the powah would best fit as Pinkie Pie's theme.
So
0Shosties... Sad story bro...
do you react allergically to other pets too?
thats why we use bytes in the form of the powers of 2 and not 10.
3>Green penis
its easyter to divide
4nope, i have a dog too :D
yes
4I love my dog so much
but we youse it in multiple ten powers of two
wow, Cracky!
at least you can have that
/me 4misses his dog when he's at his dog :P
hang on a sec
because powers of 2 are incredibly easy to work with on computers :D
Um
4>at his dog. At his dad's*
even though cats are way better :P
4dogs > cats
ShadtheCrazed, you were making that up, right?
11CATS > DOGS
2^10 = 1024
4my dog > cats
cogs > dats
becasue multiple ten powers of two fit nicely within our preconcived notions of the importance of ten
4my dog > all cats
MOPE
4Um
pirate cats > ninja dogs
With my whole bird scenario?
4Dogs>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>Cats
4times infinity plus 2
2 = base, power = 10
cats > all
let the war begin!
4my dog is like this http://images.clickpets.co.uk/golden-retriever.jpg but much more cool
How long is August?
4MUCH more cool
31 days
(actually I'm just trollan)
also: 2^42 is the largest power of two google will display in standard notation
11pics or it did not happen
ponies > all
!link http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/18628
23 days
Twilight told me this picture is about spitfire badass Soarin' pooryorick badflank (and 2 more)
4What a noble looking dog, all regal looking and shit
2^4 == (2^5 >> 1)
Marshmelon: Maybe. I just came back. Something still seems to be unfolding from that portal!
4ikr.
till pony
4398046511104 = 2^42
whew!
I'll have to do a ddeper investigation!
equestrian math, it is so magical, base on hooves, powers on top o/~
10I'll get pics of him when he comes and huggles me when I get home
that dog is all like 'Somebody fetch me a nipple'
2 to the Power of Trixie = Great and Powerful Trixie.
/me fails at making a funny.
That is how I see math now.
Thanks
haha
Well, portal closed, but I did see a hoof stick out before it closed.
now I'm not as confused anymore
lol
…!
Darn it, I thought I found something good.
0RainBroDash is a spy!
aw :(
10i just never got round to it
3I gotta go.
3Seeya
10also: Ghosties is Red spy
Gonna eat dinner. Gonna do more investigations laters.
bai Denied_Existence
BUT WHY
10cya D_E
/me is sad because the portal apparently doesn't do conversions
still getting ripped off every time we buy a memory module or something
bye
4Red spy? Me? Never :3
later denied!
see ya
10oh u :3
…at least not going FROM Equestria
Octavia: Prime marks represent now add the series up!
pretty sure memory is sold in powers of 2
there's a very small chance that it might still do so going TO Equestria
nah
Colgate: now always
/me shifts BitZero to the right
no
I've seen 500 and 750 GB hard disks
that is hard drive space... not memory
oh
a marketed 8GB USB drive is actualy 7.45GB
rihg
/me shifts himself to the left
t
memory = RAM
DesertRose: nope
BitZero: I think you're missing some bits there
it's 8 GB BUT
bitzero is now a power of 2 larger!
it's sold in powers of 1.9952
unless he overflowed
then he is smaller!
Oh RainBroDash ;3
It's quite fine, johnsey.
its not 8GB, its 8 billion bytes
when you format it, some —NO!
—space is reserved for…uh…
no its not
I'm not sure what exactly
I was surprised how much space an ext4 file system took
BlacklightShining: nope
I love this
http://i570.photobucket.com/albums/ss143/Plorf/learningismagic.png
that's 'cause it's ext4
DesertRose: 8 GB = 8,192 MB
the rest of the memory you thought you bought never existed
owowowow
…what
It's painful watching House sometimes
sandisk is terrible about hiding things on their usb drives
cat /proc/meminfo
damnit i just accidentially stuck a hoof in my eye
Whose?
nope, definitely power of 2 for memory
mistakes are SRS BSNS
Whose hoof?
Wouldn't that hurt more than a finger?
at least my RAM is -.-
mine
Cross my heart and hope to fry, stick a DIMM slot in my eye!
I'd even be okay as a human in Equestria.
8GB = 8192MB, 8 Billion Bytes = 7.45GB, my 8GB drive, stated by my PC, has a 7.45GB capacity
I wouldn't
a DIMM slot eh? ripping it off of your mother board? -.-
It can be done
HAHA
/me gnaws on johnsey's hoof
Colgate: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5Hzom_Wm-E
that 7% or so memory im missing never existed
0Dr. Troll
Oh well.
Good lord
DesertRose: so then where's the space that's reserved for filesystem use?
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5Hzom_Wm-E
Twilight told me this video is about Twilight Sparkle - (giggle) yes
Mongoose: oh i'm not sure you want to do that, considering where it was before my eye...
Sounds like Fluttershy...
The yes.
actually
nevermind
10so good XD
DesertRose?
"Actually...
johnsey
Keep going"
on a 1 TB(advertised) HDD, ext4 used like 50 GB of HDD space
Sometimes he looks at himself in the mirror, flexes his muscles and goes "Lookin' good, House!"
:[
you know what I am going to say
10XD
lol
mmm ext4
Mongoose: Guessing game!?
Mongoose: you will say yes
not sure on the actual size of the drive, since it isn't my drive and I no longer have it -.-
Is it, "OHM NOM NOM"!?
You never get exactly what you're being advertized
MrPoniator: that's why you su.
"That makes me want to gnaw it even more"
*sue
and what not
ok, my "250gb" hard drive laptop; 250 million bytes, or about 238GB in true capacity, including whats being used by the file system
Most of the time filesystem space is included in the size of files, at least on NTFS
…oh
Cracky: it is for me too
Mongoose: actually i was slicing chilis
Fluffywufs
Oh
I enhoy chilis
whatcha up to
I also enjoy them
It's just "cooler" to advertize with the capacity rounded up
14Yayy~
…wow, seriously?
I should get another HDD now that I think about it, this one is getting full :/
14My friends mom came back and gave me a ride.
i need another too
hmm
10woot :D
hurray!
only ~65 GB of free space
Nice, Octavia!
only 122GB left
0Yay~?
14lol
Nothing will stop me from gnawing hooves
/me only has ~25 GB of space left
I no longer delete files, I buy new hard drives
oh nice, 3TB disks have gotten cheap, now that you mention it
it's actually cheaper
11wb
everythings cheaper
they under 200$ now?
argh!
MUSIC POST
/me has 2 GB left
10>trance/dubstep
no wait
7 Gb
3 TB disks!
why?!
New post on Equestria Daily by Sethisto: Music: Luna(Trance/Dubstep Remix) / Trees of Gold / Always The Moon (http://tinyurl.com/3o7uvoc)
got 4GB ram cards for £15 each, 1366MHz kingston ones
I hate haters who are hypocrites (Though not direct hypocrites)
3TB disks: because I need room for ponies
/home/rabbit/MyLittlePony 42,100 items, totalling 48.6 GB
why can't they just stuck to powers of two?!
Colgate: depends on the current exchage rate..uhm..
everythings cheaper
I need a new power supply to run more disks though
14Yay, Luna welcomed me back. Best day. <3
I'll just look it up on newegg
0I hope it's better than that other Luna deubstep...
but then again i did get those ram cards tax free
$170
all these 750 GB and 3 TB stuff is annoying the heck out of me
3TB: $129.99
`Colgate: Your username is 'rabbit'?
yes
err, $129.98
/me 's username is TC
gotta get two of those
and RAID em
Hoo. (Channel stats page updated! View at: http://kamek.piiym-net.com/chromadancer )
oh, the stats
I keep forgetting about themm
would probably be cheaper to buy an internal HDD and also get a HDD caddy
130$ for a 3 TB HDD, what?
eeyup
what!
http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16822145493
4Dropkick
yeah
/me 11hugs Octavia
that one
if newegg would load for me, that'd be great.
4Obviously this wealthy doctor is a pro wrastling guy
I'm gonna get two of them
11Welcome to the moon
/me 14hugs Luna
11population
11us
/me puts socks on Luna
that is quite tempting...
err, more like $110 with that promo code
14Do'h!
but alas, it is time for...
PONIES WITH SOCKS
10so far the trancey part, not toooo bad
the current wave of 3TB drives worry me
nap time
10:3
-.-
14Oh no lol
particularly, my WD external
0>Implying old guys don't have a 50/50 chance of watching some kind of sport
cya Colgate|Nap
Hey, dat music post.
I should also buy an SSD
or five
I always have bad experiences with Hitachi drives.
they always fail :[
Later colgate|nap
whats a terrabyte?
could be worse, you could have a Maxtor
everythings always so god damn expensive in the UK
terrabytes are 1000gb
lolmaxtor
WOAAHH
Maxtor's are horrible
1000gB?
NO, a 1TB is 1024GB
FluffyWuffs: 1,024 *
and seagate buying maxtor is why i won't buy seagate ever
0Frantic Keyscratching. Always funny.
I once had a Maxtor drive physicaly disintigrate on my
2^
3^ *
WWOOOOAAAHHH
it jsut turned into a whirly blender of hard drive SHRAPNEL
redd, do you do any music stuff?
segate & western digital are my preferred HDD's
way more thn needed
well actualy yea....1TB is 1 Trillion bytes
…
i play gutar
/me facehooves
I vouch WD for reliability, if only because
why
TB SI *
just asking
TiB that would be
420mb WD HDD. Manufacture date April 1994
or * 1,024 GB
FluffyWuffs: Good man, I'm also all for Seagate/WD
still running strong today.
11lol
11http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-derpy-invades-your-windows.jpg
i sent a 500gb WD back to them for repairs, they could not repair it and did not have that model anymore so they sent me a 1TB as a replacement.
I like the seagates a bit better I think
hmmm
Well...
Octavia: eeyup that happens quite often
>mfw I need to reboot right now...
time to get my code on!
brb
Consider me offline.
i was like <3u
11why?
0Why?
seagates really are good now, compared to the older models
sound's shot, headphones out of batteries. :P
a 3TB hard drive costs £120 here in the UK, thats over $190
after the exchange
brb
0Sounds always shot.
!flip
/me flips a muffin
/me catches the muffin with her hoof, correct side up
0Seeya
see you in a bit RP
i fracking swear its cheaper to buy stuff from the US and get it shipped
/me 10throws a medkit to sound
usually is
seagates are expwensive though
>shipping
yay!
probably
X
D
XD *
0Silly RBD, you can't throw medkits at buidlings
Really? And here I'm always complaining about the prices
:c
(hit return too early >.> )
10wat
sure you can
USxUK
http://ncix.com/products/?sku=62178&vpn=WD30EZRX&manufacture=Western%20Digital%20WD
heck yeah
>inb4 rage
10brbrbrbrbrb
/me does maths
fffffuuuuuu
Bah, I'm not even ready for SSD's
dun dun dunnnnn
holy crap, when did the canadian dollar become worth more than the US dollar
I'll stick to raid
GumballCrash: long a go
Oh there I am again.
since the economy accidentally itself
clearly
lies
0I shall be off for awhile as well. See you all in 15!
when the US uneconomied
welp, at least not all is lost
Well, my research on the portal has cme to an end.
i LIKE TRIPS TO THE us A LOT MORE NOW :P
*come
oops, caps
cya Razyn
see ya razyn
/me lives in a US state without sales tax!
hmm, still no sign of any of those kids. Oh well.
:P
wat
VAT, to all our UK bretheren
man I just cleared out my email and I keep thinking I delete a reply ;^;
/me 's state has crazy taxes.
but I don't want to send again incase they haven't replied
Seems it was just a failed attempt by Trixie, and not Twilight Sparkle.
Taxachusetts?
/me thinks of HST
Sorry guys, no portal to Equestria yet.
>greeted by Luna desktop on reboot
So nice.
>Luna
>not Applejack
A portal to equestria will probably be in the form of a matrix-like mind plug thing
oklahoma/arkansas, i live in one and work in the other. state and federal taxes on pay, sales, and income.
Donitz, you on?
ouch
10>AJ
10get out
yes
:/
>Same wallpaper as Sathi
lol or
10also stream is derping so hard
10assadmgagf
>same wallpaper as Luna
But hey, at least I got to witness it! Couldn't get a recording, though.
>having a bad connection
I just try to avoid living next to the rich
>liking Rainbow Dash
it's a wonder people actually live in other states if they pay less in one state
related?
when a portal to Equestria is made, it needs to automatically convert to pony when you go through it
/joke
inb4 kick
johnsey, family house
just asking, since I'm not experiencing any derping
i miss alaska, no sales tax at all.
lol
yeah but typically people tend to jump through all kinds of hoops in order to avoid taxes
lol stream's fine for me right now
same
10no it's all my connection
wasn't earlier, though, so...
10I know that
i am reversed, honestly. i would avoid taxes living in arkansas
10I'll speedtest for you
10just because I like it when people feel sorry for me :3
tax avoidance is fine. Tax evasion...well
lol
they'd better pray I never get a job at the IRS. Or I will find them.
0.1kbps down, 0.01kbps up
Shad, is there some reason why a portal by Trixie is unfavorable to a portal by Twilight Sparkle?
i have to pay almost twice throughout the year, get most of it back, and i have to file my gas receipts to get most of it back
uh...
Well, your SoTB characters are being used in RP.
:P
Just FYI
DinkyTroll?
O.o
o.O
nice
A new flash, that's going to be 1320 frames long, and at 24fps that equals to 55 seconds, though the main animation ends around 40sec mark already.
Personal deadline: Have it done before September 1st (University starts etc).
i actually get 60% of my gas costs to and from work because i travel over 50 miles a day and my truck is considered a work expense
>Oh boy here we go.jpg
hi
GumballCrash: :o
Are you a spy?
how ya doin? :D
:3
10just waiting for it to finish >.>
god i dont get any of this stuff in the link you gave me fluffywuffs
Marshmelon|C_M_O: Well, I did see a blue-ish hoof come out, but quickly reel back in, so I think it's Trixie.
horrible
/me takes out fancy cigarette case
no.
!link pinkie_pie
/me vanishes
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/29018
10HAHAHA
Octavia: at the end of the day it matters if what you gain by doing something is worth what you pay for it :)
10oh wow
I know, the one with gaming?
10this is the best one ever
yeah it's actually outdated
10mfw that upload
Too bad I couldn't jump in said portal.
10http://www.speedtest.net/result/1450460274.png
RBD got an original Hayes from the 70's.
I realized that yesterday
can't see it :(
oh :( how come?
4Man, RobotPinkie
11my turn?
4That completely sucks the dust
why is winter wrap up such an addicting song
XD
10http://www.speedtest.net/result/1450460274.png.
10remove the dot
you don't want to val
uh-oh
lol that's not my connection, Ghosties
if Trixies messing around with world portals…
4Oh
:/ just found out my dog is dying
but it still uses some basic concepts
good to follow
11dat grade f
johnsey, if i get this new job, i will be over the luna-populated moon happy, otherwise i am just doing it to survive.
…we could all be in serious trouble
Art of the dress is more addicting
lol
i learned how to sew today
was humming that the whole way through
10dat less than 98% of GB
Wow, RBD, I feel for you :(
:'(
that's terrible!
/me 10feeds of your feeling for me
10off*
indeed..
Damn right you were
if you want better tutorials for game-coding in java, probably just youtube a couple videos
F-, even, oh wow
Octavia: keeping my hooves crossed for ya
or google
my dog is going blind, so it is only a matter of time before we lose her
4Chase, just fuck her already
I thought F was the lowest...
johnsey, thank you, dear :)
better than grade G+
thenewboston should have something on it probably
pets shouldnt be allowed to get sick or die
no, they should'nt :(
Going for a new job? Well best of luck to you.
Man, I just can't stand java...
:c
10my upload is better than my d/l
My connection is pretty solid, my ISP just doesn't like competition...
I haven't stuck my nose in it yet, so I can't really judge
...so that's why I'm going to switch to a slightly friendlier ISP
ShadtheCrazed: I know, but you said it was "just" a portabl by Trixie, and not Twilight Sparkle
I just wish we did not get german sheperds all the time, they are the most loveable dogs ever, but they also have a high risk of something, anything really, going wrong with them
ugh java
11Do eeet
hm, are the fanfics available in .mobi or epub format anywhere?
10it's just the cables here
10they're shit
and go from I dunno what to 100/10 connection...
Marshmelon|C_M_O: I have a tendancy to say "just" all the time.
how would a pony hold a weapon?
Also, DinkyTroll, What is "SoTB"
:o really? i didnt know that
yeah
LightDasher: With her hooves
would they have some sort of arms to sit on their back like cameras?
/me 10hates you
...
Arms that sit on their back like cameras?
I just got 11.77/0.82
10with a fury as powerful as a thousand suns
Do cameras sit on your back?
11no hate here
the vet said that are dog has kidney failure and tht it was prob genetic
lol
/me goes to find the picture
I'm sorry RainBroDash :(
how come it cant be fixed :((?
10xD<3
oh Fall, you're a half-op now?
my average is 5.55/0.85
Yes, so I'm informed.
congrats :D
There's not much choice in Stockholm, it's all very fast.
I thought they weren't looking for any more mods…
The UK is number #100 on the top 100 faster countries
Think of me more as a special victim.
seeing a few new ones here and there
22/4 here
10UK internet on average is balls
meh
4Fuck that shit, fuck his shit up House
If I'm ever a mod, I'd probably be very power-hungry...
7. I wanna be mod! Well, by asking that anywhere on PonyChats you are one step AWAY from ever becoming one, aha! Currently we are not looking for mods, but if we’ll ever be in need we will be contacting potential candidates - if you are active and nice’n’swell, it may be you.
dat ending
4Whack him with your cane
like my mom out in the middle of nowhere has 8/2 or something
Currently we are not looking for mods
so, WTF—actually, nvm
But if.
lolol
They're just saying that!
http://images4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20110822054522/mlp/images/thumb/4/44/Film_Reel.png/377px-Film_Reel.png
The UK is lower than Lybia, Egypt, Iraq, Iran, Afganistan
I have a feeling one of those guys' house is going to burn down
little arms that sit on their back like the camera
WHO'S THE BOSS
hahaahah
lol
4Who was House's boss
Wilson?
4SATHI
10With the lemons!
4WHAT THE FUCK
oh Sathi, u so troll
11Foreman
THE SUSPENSE
OSHI
How do they get that on?
http://speedtest.net/result/1450465585.png
*Crash*
Hallo guys
your face
truely, asking is in some ways a form of begging (especially if you do it constantly)
when
DO they need a handmaiden unicorn?
you need to earn it
hello barry
ohai
11my turn now!
Dermathil: do want
ANd you earn it by proving your solidity!
eeeeyup
which makes sense
I
am not
10stream refuses to start
I guess...?
JELL-O
/me 10is mad
o.o
lol
And that's with a server about 400KM away
u jelly?
/me awaits Durrrgan time
yes
4NLR music
:D
Hi Shadowmane
Durrrrrrgarrrr only appears when Dari's awake :P
ya u jelly!
love it!
>:3
NPR music
oh wait
I'm semi-jelly ;_;
>stop House. play music
4Oh right
hello Barry
lunar republic
4Wait
Dermathil the server I connect to is 500meters away
Of me?
4Yeah
4It's NLR
no never of you
this song always reminds me of Deus Ex
Spaz, show me the image
That was an awful lot to hope for.
yeah I just be jokan
/me 4has this on his WMP
what's the name of the song?
MFW epic music is streaming
Its LUNAR REPUBLIC
yes
Do you have 'For Those Who Love The Night' ?
It's the best remix of this song out there
Spazturtle, mind showing me the picture?
/me 14would be apart of The Lunar Republic... because Luna <3
10are we seeing any more house?
11nope
I'd love some duck tales
11more house on monday
may or may not disable my internet...
Well, as Evil Uncle Ben said to Evil Peter Parker in the Evil Spiderman movie, "Remember, Evil Peter, with great responsibility, comes GREAT POWER."
10kk, bedtime then I guess
awwww, gnight Rainbrodash
I'm on the east coast :[
aww
!moon FluffyWuffs
i have no idea what pete & pete is
Grab my tail, FluffyWuffs!
Boop
10no, workout time.
night RainBroDash
or... not
Dermathil that one wasn't using speed test
10workout time then bedtime
11Ghosties request
ABUSE
night Rainbro
d'oh!
/me spanks FallSilently.
Funny abuse.
show me a speedtest image or something about your connection plz?
10workout time then watch one starcraft video then bedtime :3
ABUSE
FallSilently: , i think you're thinking of contraposotive ben and parker, not evil....
Oh my.
I ain't seeing nothing yet
haha
night Rainbro!
The moon was cold ;_;
so I guess I go to bed then
Hi
no luna hugs?
aww
Oh hey it's Octavia.
10yeah nn all
Yes, Luna hugs :3
11sweet dreams RobotPinkie
night RainBroDash
you too RP? have a good night
oh well, bye robot
night Luna *hugs*
huna lugs?
11*hugs*
lugnuts?!
!hug
Hugtiem? :3
yes
actually with a server in my city I actually get 1/3 the DL speed
/me wraps her front hooves around Octavia in a tight embrace
night night everypony
!lug
Derpy hugs are fantastic, also
Ok most of the Uk is ofline now, time to start downloading
Night Pinkie
11lol
!hug FluffyWuffs
14Night RobotPinkie
Sathi, please stream Duck tales?
Aw, that's not targeted.
D:
/me 's hobby: Inputting comands that don't work and acting like they do.
/me hugs FallSilently
What's this?
/me !moon FluffyWuffs
what sort of commands?
!lug
see
/me lugs Cracky
it makes derpy deliver you a package of lugnuts
4DUDE
thank you derpy!
!makeapieandtheneatit
dang...
!takeapotatochipandeatit
!kill FluffyWuffs
Pfft.
/me grabs FluffyWuffs and flies off in the general direction of Sugarcube Corner
!thisisacommand!!!
wait what
4Oh, fuck yeah, it's the Nightcrawlers
wat
>suddenly, redheads
/me returns with a cupcake with FluffyWuffs's name etched into the frosting
There. She's made something edible for y... no, Derpy, I said FOR him!
GINGERS HAVE SOULS
Got to go eat. :0
WHAT
Why is that thing so infamously popular anyway?
Less infamously popular
4L.O.V.E this show
NOT THE NIGHT-LIGHT
more popularly infamous
4It is quite honestly the epitome of the 90's for me
Never seen it
it looks fun so far
?
A combination of being early and being graphic.
that was a fast nap colgate
Wait, this is a 90s SHOW?!
4Yep
~25 minutes
And messed up - wait that's still graphic.
Becuase apperantly everyone is a wimp who can't handle some gore.
Dermathil: y u so surprised?
4I found some great music through this show
>mfw I originally thought it was a 70s show
did you dream about toothbrushes during those 25mins?
:3
Today I bought the S Club 7 cd
lol
4Fun fact: I used to really dislike this show as a kid
due to the mom's haircut
NOT when it's Rainbow Dash's gore!
Honestly it's a gorey story. Nothing else really.
heh
4Most likely because I just didn't get it
4But now?
I swear, I'll turn this pony into a fanon
/me fails to see how that chainges anything
watch me!
4Dear lord, I completely get it. I resonate with it
It's more colourful
True
you can really "paint the walls" with it
I can handle cartoon/fiction gore. It's when I can picture it vividly in my mind and (eventually due to my stupid imagination) place myself in either position...
/me claps
To anyone who knows about the earlier generations: Gem-eyed ponies (whatever they were called) visually creepy? Yes or No.
FluffyWuffs: actually, I didn't dream at all, which is weird for me
Yes
Oh god yes
looool
Well I have to look a sableye an a regular basis so probably not that muc
Their eyes were gouged out and replaced with FRICKING POINTY STONES.
rainbow dash dyes her mane
nuff said*
no
Colgate: D:
she doesnt
lier
I thought those were cataracts.
SAY NO AGAIN, I DARE YOU I DOUBLE DARE YOU
Rainbow dash doesn't actualy have a mane, she simply has access to potent illusionary magic
I like that the others are still frozen
Haha no
SAY NO ONE MORE TIME
liaaarrrr
she has
!link haha no
Twilight says she doesn't have anything in the library about that
rainbow hair
DEAL WITH IT
!link hair
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/27622
11dat brain
Rainbow Dash is secretly an alicorn
Anyway
???
Weapons would be shouldered
Hey, that guy looks vaguely familiar!
!link plot
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/44755
>yfw she be idiot...
I just have one of those faces.
hehe
slade lol
come on, ponibooru.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__6EqfVkBAk&feature=player_detailpage#t=1167s
i need my plot.
where's her mane there?
THere is none!
hey whos octavia?
Oh man this is crazy.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tikbalang Slender Pony is in our myths.
dat music
redd-coding, what does that mean?
who is she in the series
ponybooru is dead
Marshmelon|C_M_O: Nah, they just use eyebeams
ive never seen her
Wow sudden jot of postings.
in any episodes
redd-coding, you are the only one.
hi
Octavia is the pony playing the double bass
Brb spriting
in the last episode of s1
in episode 26 3^
ohhh
"Ponibooru, are you drunk?" "PONIBOORU IS DEAD"
the entire fun is in the confrontation!!!
ya
i saw that
ok wait...no its not
didnt know she had a name
!link ponybooru
Twilight says she doesn't have anything in the library about that
!link octavia
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/33473?search=spike
Damn you twilight
it's a fanon name redd
MARTY
:3
>search=spike
4Artie
Personally, I like the name
XD
Anyway
?
FluffyWuffs, not for long!
Absolutely everypony seems to have a name by now.
._.
/me said too much.
>yfw they ain't got no coffee
so true :[
oh
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FbLXdn1V7i4&feature=player_embedded
I need to ask Twilight about that one.
why the hell not?
Twilight told me this video is about Michael Arellano vs. Alex S. - Luna(Trance/Dubstep Remix)
OM SO ECITED
name for who?
they might not even bring her back in s2
Shad: it's not great
This is sheer greatness.
I listened to it
No
The original was greatness
hello shad
This promises betterment of the song
Doesn't do anything better.
!link http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/48486
4Haha
The original is better, yeah.
Twilight told me this picture is about vinyl artist:NarbeVoguel vinyl_scratch dj_p0n3 djp0n3 (and 1 more)
Just moves the verses around.
What about "Kiss my ass pony"
4I love Artie
You want greatness
!link griffon
oh hey, thats what i was gonna ask
Twilight says she doesn't have anything in the library about that
why is there no SaphireShores on here?
uh oh
she is fab
I just found Super Ponybeat for the first time
*SapphireShores
the adult who stays up all night with children? :P
I forsee much excessive speeding in my future
I think
Cause I don't want that nick
dude
I like my nick
11Indeed they are
fluffywuffs
oh :(
they will be spared when the Lunar Revolution comes
pm me
Probably because I've had my fill of ostentatios canon characters to roleplay.
Super pony beat isn't my favriot
I need to post here more.
post post post
ostentatious*
Also, they ain't got not enough Pepsi, Coffee and black chocolate to stay up.
hmm
you changed your name
I hope Swagberg does another pony track after S2
:/
!link sapphire
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/33473?search=spike
related to the bestest background pony.
also, not enough ponies
okay
uhhh
dude
eeeeyup
!link magnets
Twilight says she doesn't have anything in the library about that
Crazy Redd!
I did a msg
!link magnet
you see it?
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/39259
black chocolate?
YOu owe me money for those fake paintings!
yeah
11Pure
eeeeyup
the good stuff.
!muffin Octavia
damn you
cocoa is gewd...
da Overlord is here
you evil, evil people
!muffinkiss
get out the muffins!!
/me regurgitates a whole, fresh looking muffin and approaches Octavia, showing her most adorable kissing face
/me omnom
you've awakened a craving that can't be fulfilled
eh.
because I have no chocolate here right now...
i sent you a message
oh my god...I remember fig neutons
fluffy
My title?
I loved those things
i
do not see it...
ah well
okay
the link you sent me yesteray
do you have mirc?
don't they still exist?
redd: you're not registered
you know about it
but
they do
i swear
just I haven't had them in forever
*sigh*
redd is on the Flash client, BTW
Register. It's fun
That way we know it's you, and not somepony else.
/me would drink pepsi then coffee then eat 90% cocoa chocolate, all the while raving all the time long.
yeah, get an irc client
I have Colloquy
flash client has many setbacks
it is a Mac thing
4^
best recipe to stay awake.
there
Colloquy has some bugs and flaws
flash client looks clean though
and it hasn't been updated in forever
but other than that, it's good
XD
flash is the basis of almost everything now
!moon
Grab my tail, ThatGuyWhoLooksVaguelyFamiliar!
hi
nevermind
pming me doesnt matter
also, cold water showers every hour....
but, the link
!link explore
Twilight says she doesn't have anything in the library about that
Back
lol, I loved it when they were complaining about Flash about 2 years ago
i dont get it
I don't have a detailed plan for this sort of thing
trips to the moon are in high demand lately
!link Zebra
http://e621.net/post/show/127601/
Adobe might kill Flash
LOL
why
I heard something about that…
Dermathil I like a -30C shower
I dunno
but it definitely would involve coffee
maybe because it's a resource hog?
eeeeeeeyup Spaz
Adobe 'almost' killed flash
maybe because it's buggy?
*shrug*
yes
Hate orientation stuff.
flash is still buggy
but not as bad
also, stay away from alcohol.
i wonder
still, always good to spam ctrl+s
wow these kids are tripping balls
That thing makes your system slow down.
:/
eeeeeeyup
not under Lion!
^.^
?
psh
The problem with Flash isn't Flash. The porblem with Flash is People using Flash wrong!
/me considers spamming command+S to be deprecated now
it'll die soon
lol, how can you use it wrong?
after tabulating the results, I have completed 145 stories on EQD out of 1066
redd: Lion has Autosave~
lets see if i can derp DerpyBot.
!moon Octavia
Grab my tail, Octavia!
including some quite long stories
START READING FO:E NOW
darn!
lol
HUrr, there's a button in the corner of my site, better make it a FLASH BUTTON with GLOWIES!
backlight what
Hmmm...
Nah
redd: Blacklight *
;) i'll get around to it, but i have many things to do
wat
johnsey = smarter than i
what is autosave?
…
lol
*facehoof*
People using flash for features supported in HTML
it's when the system automatically saves your crap!
BlacklightShining: Oh man, that reminds me I need to get Lion
duh!
kk
XD
4Artie: DON'T LOOK, BOY! ...Just one look
no, but srsly
im watching hatventures
lawl, Artie
I'd probably be in the tall man's place.
Hm...
Lion is for OS x :[
T_T
Still dancing like dat
!moon @DerpyBot
Grab my tail, ThatGuyWhoLooksLikeTheFamiliar!
…
no…
90% of all problems with computer technology aren't related to an inherent flaw in that technology, but are rather related to abuse of that technology
Lion is the next major release of OS X
pffft lion. Get one of those room sized computers and a crate of punchcards
OS X Lion
flash; we may not like it, it may be buggy as hell, it sucks, and theres allot of stuff out there thats way superior.....yet its still used by most things
flash, it has ponies. done.
yup
even MLP is done with flash
flash 6.somthing
Flash, when used for correct reasons (eg: ponies) is nice
ironic, very ironic
NO NOT THE RADIO!!!!!!!!!!!
DON'T DIE NOW
Flash is a MAJOR part of the internet, or has been
BOOMBOX NO
0Back guys. What am I looking at here?
redd: http://www.apple.com/macosx/whats-new/auto-save.html
It's not as important as it used to be, but it's still pretty damn important
?
Shadowmane: http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/04/story-fallout-equestria.html
flash adds arent nice
4The Adventures of Pete & Pete
i dont have mac
14Ah, shoot. Roomie just stole the shower. I was going to take one. Think he knew. lol
I DARE YA
]
same here
0I can't watch that poor Boombox die...
have windows xp
flash ads are easy to block....atleast
for instance
I don't plan on owning a mac either
Youtube
lol
uses Flash
I don't like macs
Octavia: I HATE IT when my roomie's do that
>yfw he don't know what a camera is
They're not for everyone
inb4 pcvsmac war
I like them, though.
ah
well html5's video tag doesnt seem to work as well as flash on my comp
I don't think there needs to be a war.
Versions FTW!
Flash accelerated the internet big time, however, we need to go past flash now and move on
now, the next thing we need
were old enough to not have a flame war....
i'm just gonna assume the nineties camcorders were super expensive
we are better than that
Eh
is a branch-type Versions
it was a dark age
And if not old enough, that at least mature enough.
LOVE and TOLERATE.
yes.
(Yes she does)
the brony community is better at avoiding arguments than most
isn't Html 5 still being tested?
Flash is great for stuff like making youtube work
eeeeeh
FluffyWuffs, yes
Hello everrone!
She's way too cheesy.
HTML5 is beyond testing
I am back!
Im guna love and tolerate the shit outa you, whether you use Mac,PC or even Linux
but it's still slow to adopt
html5 is in use already
She should've used the HEALTH CARE card instead.
things take time
hrmp, I haven't noticed
kinda like IPv6 but I still have an IPV4
Linux may be pushing it a bit...
eeeeh
lol
I've seen Flash lag like hell on good machines. It needs to be replaced.
its getting hardware accelerated on most browsers now
lol
0Forever?
mfw I missed 6 stories. I'm actually at 151 completed
flash support on linux is abysmal
flash does not need to be replaced
SM
not yet
Shadowmane: http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/04/story-fallout-equestria.html
ShadowMane Congradulation you completed the pokédex
mobile phones dont like flash it seems
grrr ipv6
it still has some uses
Flash needs to be made better
lol
geekshed's IPv6 support is still broken
By the time you have head of it, it is already being marketed/incorporated into systems
it jsut needs to not be sprayed over everything
bwahahah
flash still fills a niche
You still haven't tried catching the Most legendary of all fanfics!!!
0Shadowmane what are you talking about?
so annoying!
nothing else does vector on the web really
that's another thing, IPv6, why didn't we do this switch years ago!
^
We are moving towards technological specialization
in the "old days" everything on the web was html
now there are many technologies with their own niches
"Overspecialise and you breed in weakness. It's slow death."
SM is talking about fanfic reading
I'm back. :0
is the older brother always just the narrator?
http://xkcd.com/927/
related.
we never expected IPv4 to get as cluttered as it is now
IPv6 is the next big step to the web
Luna, I request Duck Tales!!!!!
ohai hero
we might aswell jump the gun and go to IPv16
hoo boy...that episode about not sleeping...made me rather sleep
4Whoa
sleepy*
ohai Elky
4Max Headroom
and it isn't even night tim
time*
v16?!
doesnt exist
4Man
wait
4I forgot about that guy
me too val
welcome back hero
wut
v16!!! holy ****
what up internet people
if v4 has 4 billion addresses
can't help but think of the trippy TV-hijacking Max Headroom guy
Thanks Val :]
no
Hellew
IPv6 is initially going to mean all kinds of hell as suddenly every IP ban everywhere is rendered meaningless.
ipv6 will be enough
if it's not enough, we haev bigger problems
and v6 has 4 billion ^ 4 addresses
actually, about not-sleeping. I think just watching a livestream nonstop would keep me awake.
oh, and if possible, requesting gargoyles
IP bans never worked well
PYROH YU NO ON???
Spazturtle, lol Pokedex
then how many addresses would v16 have?
Cracky: "640KB is more than enough for anyone."
Graphine....superconductivity at room temperature....another example of a scinetific breakthrough that you only recently hear about yet was discoverd ages ago
O.O
the number of ips with ipv6 is very rediculus...
Dermathil, I'll get around to it, I swear. Past Sins is on the list as well. Lots to do
Sketchy_Sounds: Do you realize how "big" ipv6 is?
I hope FO:E is higher than Past-Sins.
I do, yes.
BIG
I thin i'm going to go watch futerama now, bye
we will run out of physical materials for buildign stuff before we run out of ipv6 addresses
thats how big
What other fic has 250 readers all at once on the Googledoc?
nuffsaid
see ya later spaz
your arguments
are invalid
Don't underestimate the human race's ability to use up all of an available resourse.
SMURFS!!!!
THE OLD SHOW!!!!
mining mercury =D
**resource
We will use up all of the other resources first
pony --FTW
your arguments are invalid
0Smurfs has 250 readers at once...?
...
no
FO:E
Ipv7 might make sense when we become a large interstelar society...
eeewwwwwww
^
OH NO
Smurfs Classic?
Smurfs are giving me an enormous rush of nostalgia tho.
hey everypony
Smurfs are invading
Cracky: the future is already here
howdy gummer
even if we make nanomachines?
gummy
why would we watch a show where the only female was a trap placed by the main antagonist
is Are You Afraid of the Dark in here?
Naa, we'll just recycle the IPv6 addresses when the sun consumes Earth and we move to Mars.
man....my spelling is atrocious today
nah
POWER RANGERS
hey, wanna watch nostalgia critic?
POWER RANGERS
MMPR
by that time we will have cracked faster than light travel
lawl, Beatles cartoon
OMG XENA
we should watch Batman, that animated series
wat?
I think we're closer to nanomachines than FTL..
YES
I'd best request moar Duck Tales if possible
white fang? what's that
^
The show was awesome.
i've wanted to see that batman cartoon for a while
http://www.xkcd.com/865/
mhm
lol that comic
butbutbut Power Rangers :[
We are closer to everything else than FTL
.
FTL FTL
one of the best kids' cartoons of the 90s (2nd after animaniacs)
lol mfw i'm nostalgia'ing every other show
>robocop
bah, we watch enough gokaiger as it is
speaking of, HOLY CRAP ANIMANIACS
/me has the entire batman animated series on dvd. You jelly?
Go go pony rangers
hehe
mfw Animaniacs. I miss that show
WHERE ANIMANIACS
Only Pinkie Pie poseses true FTL
aw, nopony likes my jokes
:(
TTZ
THE TWILIGHT ZONE
they got away with so much crap
i jus t dont get them
0The Twilight Zone. O shit
I liked it, Blackie
yay Duck Tales
they made a joke about giving prince a handjob
lol
FTL is just a theory....like flying was a theory in the 1800's
and it got tv-y
interior_gummy: NOPE
yo
*weak smile* thanks
how do i register?
0Wasn't it fingering Prince?
Duck Tales WOOHOOO
they did Razyn.
interior_gummy: that was assplay
So we're closer to tunneling into other universes, building dyson spheres, harnessing ZPE, and other such things??
something like that
only pursued by madmen and people with deathwishes
Luna, my request for Duck Tales still stands.
FOUR SPATIAL DIMENSIONS!
i vote animaniacs
PORTAL TO EQUESTRIA!
if it's there
YEA!
pinkie resides in the fifth
we'll get all that…and THEN FTL?
11Alright who wants DUCKTALES?
ping6 ipv6.geekshed.net
0I personally want to watch Two Stupid Dogs
unknown host
:(
/me raises both hands
/me 11counts only 1
Blums: yes
11:p
(I know)
me
11that's 2
Seeing those things are theoreticaly possible :p
14Why not? lol
(Just to show the fact I wub that show so darn hard back in the day)
11that's 3
what, what I said?
sure, let's go with ducktales
Especialy the Dyson Sphere one
11looks like we got a winner
eh, fuck it
oh
I'm in the mood for nostalgia :P
YAAAAAAAAAAY
ducktles
yeah thats the most likely one
/me is nerdgasming oh so hard.
What show did I miss?
but if we can somehow find a way to enlarge a wormhole
They've goooot, a Friendship and a force that you've never seen before! They've gooot, the Elements to morph and to even up the score! Noooooo, Poooooo, -ny can take them down! Harmony lies on their SIIIEEEIIIEEEIIEEEIIIEEEIIIIIIDE!!
i was raised on dexter and johnny bravo myself
tunneling into other universes
Equestria first! ^
GO GO PONY RANGERS!
11any ep?
maybe we can send FTL television broadcasts
11we had 6 eps of pony rangers
and we need to develop a technology to convert people to pony
we exist in our own dimension. we can create smaller dimesnions within out own, but cannot explore outside of our dimension
/me 0brohoofs interior_gummy
ftl?
i want a Matrioshka brain dedicated to computing the mind of pinkie pie
/me is not going to be happy as a human in Equestria
for the loss or faster than light?
?
hnngh
Luna, Is there the episode where there was that duck that got stuck in a 1-wheeled power armor?
FTL = Faster Than Light
Converting people to pony is relativwely easy, compared to FTL
11No idea lol
Pinkie Pie IS Ftl
oh wait
nuff said
and i watch those shows again and realize how much stuff they got away with
11it's not like I memorize all this
an episode with BUBBA
Cracky: really?
You lie Luna
all you need is mind-machine uploads and you're halfway there
We know you memorized this.
or gene fusions
umm…
theorecticly, FTL is just breaking outside the bounds of our own dimesnsion....
Then you just need to find a way to download into a pony
Or you could engineer a pony body and transplant the brain within five minutes
inb4 Pinkie "WHEEEEE" gets replaced with Ducktale's "Woohoo
what's the title of the E10? that I see bottom of list?
…umm…
Transvering a conciousness into another living body
AND THEN!
alternatively, let's try and survive a full episode of g3.5 ponies
a pony irl would probably freak me out...
transfering*
NO
11Robot robbers
…umm…
11we had tat one
ah
yeah fluffywuffs, the massive eyes would be
SATHI ALREADY TROLLED US WITH G3.6
...
5
problematic
Pinkie Pie comes to life!
look lower in the list
oh god
…umm.
11and you all loved it
wait
0I'm up for some torture. Throw on some 3.5
real life pinkie pie would...
not exist
what about the magic?
lol
XD
a pony's brain could not contain a human concience,
I HOPE WE HEAR A STORY FROM CHEERILEE
I am brave. I third G3.5
Suficiently advanced technology...
more than Heman? Sure :P
the G3.5 will only be after Duck Tales
wouldn't the whole thing be impossible in this universe?
ponies are suddenly series business
RAINBOW DASH ALWAYS DRESSES IN STYOLE
but nothing is better than UNI THE FUCKING UNICORN
inb4 new Equestria Daily post notice
it would probably overload and the brain would...you know....die
just put a little tractor beam in the horn
you guys...
0Yes~?
What about Charlie the Unicorn?
I'd liek to be the man who unleashes Pinkie Pie upon the world
New post on Equestria Daily by Sethisto: Story: Sepia Tock: Adventures of the Ponyville Clockmaker (http://tinyurl.com/3fzpcfb)
ffff
not even close Nittany
i want a big macintosh episode... do yall?
FUCK YES
Theres nothing in the laws of physics that says magic cant exist....
if he's an interesting enough character
atleast not that i know of
And now people didn't let one of the great episodes I remember be taken.
0muuuuuuuuuuuute
Three votes for G3.5! That would mean something if this was a democracy. :P
…true
fun fact: you can't swim in coins, you'd just crash and di
*die
but then, why haven't we discovered it yet?
EEEEYUP
cool
This song is addicting.
I'd like more screen time for big mac
oh no
We have. We just call it science.
and derpy
it gets in my head again
lol interior, I saw that college humor vid :P
:D
just wanted to know if you guys wanted an epsode too
YES
uh-uh
yeaj
Disregard physics, become pinkie pie
and someday science will progress enough that we can have something like magic wands
yeah, and like, more male characters
science |ˈsīəns| noun
the intellectual and practical activity encompassing the systematic study of the structure and behavior of the physical and natural world through observation and experiment:
because it doesnt reside in our known universe
More screen time for Lyra and Bon bon too
I GOTTA WATCH THE EPISODE WITH THE LITTLE PINK DUCK IN THE BASKET
doesnt mean it cant exist
the systematic study of
there will be no pony couples
ever
Most everyone in that show are dogs.
I'm a young adult sitting in my basement watching Duck Tales
lol
I have lost at life
what about Mrs and Mr Cake?
because this is a kids show
or what about the hindentenic episode?
Mr and Mrs Cake
well theyre married
You are WRONG
I WIN
Blums: not in the official show
there
i wonder who the villain is? :P
im register
herospirit, that's not how you spell epic win
but in the fan…
I lost so hard, that I have won.
A lot of what we take for granted nowadays would be considered magic barely even a century or two back.
FANON>YOUR ARGUMENTS
0That's the spirit
YEA^
we can dream cant we?
XD
@pony the pony is the richest duck in the world
scrooge mcdemo
(a titanic joke with hindenberg spin)
Awww, still broken.
That old duck guy could run Activision.
no he was fixed
and anything cannonial we dont like we can shun....just like religeon shuns the big bang theory
but Denied banned him :P
heh
and allot of other science stuff
Heck, I found it mildly disconcerting at one point some months back when I first tethered my phone to use as a modem. I tethered it via Bluetooth. So it was sat there, no physical connection to my PC. And the phone had no physical connection to the internet. And yet I had net access.
hi there
:<
lol
bringing modern tech back into the 50 BC period =D
And I was like WHAT IS THIS SORCERY
oh dear Luna
WAAAAAH
my eyes!
11shitty ep..
hehe
WHO IS THAT PINK
11switching
wait, didn't we see this ep before?
they are seizuring!
It's Bobby Koduck!
11and fixed
the two richest people in the world are scottish ducks?
they make a bet and there's a sailboat made entirely of solid gold?
I mean yeah, I know how it worked and all, but it was still bizarre to do.
XD
hmm
You know what else is freaky?
SPOILER ALERT: scrooge wins
Wireless charging.
.....
DAMNIT GUMMY
but he only makes 1 coin, and the other guy makes 0
GUUUUUMMMMYYYYYY
lol
It's done by magnetic induction loop.
Well its not like its constantly radiating electricity into every direction
what was bizzar for me was getting a lightbulb to light up without a power source....dunno how the fuck it happened still
wireless charging is old
Millionaires making $0 in two weeks
mfw
/me 11aims her kickboot at gummy
Valthejean, that's only out of nothing
I watch this show FOR THE PLOT, Gummy!
if there's one thing that makes DuckTales, it's shocking plot twists like those!
Blums: tower?
eww, what's great about duck asses?
yeah
horse asses are better for some reason
/me slaps interior_gummy hard.
mbulu: then how come I still need to plug in my MacBook Pro?
Blums: ?
/me looks at ShadowMane. Then turns to look at SilverMane. Double-takes.
ASS.
Ha ha ha
It works
Amazing
the wireless charger
what happen
O_o
AEIOU
ShadowMane?
i trolled
SHADOWMANE!?!?
let this be their final battle
I'll kill you if you don't get out of here right now old man.
QUE THE FF END BOSS MUSIC
too late Silver!
>observe no reply from mbulu
>conclude no valid reply exists
just because something is old doesn't mean it's practical
he's gone. Good.
dem stereotypes
No one should interact with shadowmane
well that was a boring boss fight
oh
after all, we still havent cracked cold fusion
oh hey, it's the random featureless rocky mountains and plateaus from the Road Runner/Coyote toons
What is this Shadowmane creature we speak of
I thought you meant practical applications of wireless charging have been out for a while
or controlled fusion for that matter
:P
Inform me
no worries
is this pauper-dari?
dari awake at this hour?
don't worry about it herospirit
Well, I'm in France now.
cold fusion is a funny term
fusion is beyond our own plannet
dat quicksand
it does'nt really mean anything
11viva la france!
DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARI
what is Dari doing with those Cheese-eating surrender monkeys? :P
WAT
hey guys
FRENCH DARI
i'm a new brony here
Going to one of their weddings, Val.
:P
Hi DerpyHooves
how is everyone
welcome!
what do you mean beyond our planet desertrose?
ah
hi derpy
have some of the wine and cheese
hello
I hear it's to die for :P
Blums: i tink he means the sun
I can count to muffin
would you like to see how
lawl
You know what else is weird
i know but we can do it here too
did he say "get a room"?
>mum describes my suit as a pimp suit
I see
Light apparently being able to provide propulsion.
I'mokaywiththis
also cold fusion is possible, just fuse anything heavier than iron at room temp
Anyhoo, Is time for me to being going to bed.
(DerpyHooves: I think that's a reply to a message posted before you joined)
yeah that is weird sketchy XD
I know
Or jsut use electrical confinemt fusion, that's "cold"
Sketchy_Sounds: doesn't seem weird to me, does light have energy and or mass? then it can
I'm gonna go
durrgan?
I win.
I'll see yiz all upon the dawn of the new morn.
i think that dog might want gold
See you guys another time
I remember reading about that recently and being all "...the crap."
cya Mongoose
@pimpmeter Dari's suit
6 Dari's suit is 26% pimp. (1519)
well....for fusion to start naturaly, you need allot of hydrogen...and i mean allot.....for there to be enough energy to start the reaction, and then you need a continuous supply of fuel to keep it going. without the extreme amount of mass its near impossible to keep a fusion reaction stable
if light has mass then it cant go at lightspeed
I recently got into ponies
andherewego.gif
I was a hater before
What?
watched it to see all the hubbub
SilverMane: In France, no Durrrrgurrrrrr
:P
Light is a photon, it has mass
>joke “hubbub”
Colgate: True. Of course, light is a crazy-ass thing anyway, what with it being a wave and a particle and doing all sorts of other weird stuff it shouldn't be able to.
lawl
Well no desert you just need to put enough pressure on or excite the hydrogen enough that it fuses
interior_gummy is Twist
14WB Dari :P
Dari, no French Durrgurr?
Thanks
photons do not have mass
FOOORE!!!!
I don't have FME installed here
Nor did I bother transferring the save file to this laptop.
just a posotive electron....
:P
uhhh
you are thinking of positrons
not photons
ahh crap
14@InFrancemeter Dari
6 Dari is 56% InFrance. (1520)
well JEEZ Dari, did you do ANYTHING right? *trollface*
its been 3 years since i failed physics :/
@Frenchmeter France
6 France is 26% French. (1521)
14The other 44% is back home. :P
k...
what would they do with a fusion reactor anyways? they'd probably still use it to heat water to turn a turbine wouldnt they?
and DesertRose fusiuon has little to do with mass
except in the case of stars
11so what's next after this ep?
@Frenchmeter French Canada
6 French Canada is 99% French. (1522)
Blums: yes
O____O
Unless someone tells me otherwise, I'm assuming Silvermane tried some Black Magic. Silvermane was removed from his or her body, and the one he or she inhabits now is a shell of metal and biologically crafted fake skin. Silvermane's body was left, mangled and bleeding, to the demon Silvermane had accidentally summoned.
i'm bored and moderately something or other. where is my shi- story partner?
if fluttershy lived in a tree and then ate a bonsai, would it be treeception?
o_0
Sister probably wants to talk to her boyfriend on FB.
So I'll be going.
14Awww
so its not going to supply a bajillion times more energy per reactor than fusion
confound that sister
tell her to use her cellphone
11later Dari
i mean fission
herospirit... wow. just wow. No. Shadowmane... is my father
awwww
to create a stable fusion reaction you need allot of energy, in stars that evergy comes from the shere mass of the hydrogen
It now inhabits his or her old body, stalking the soul that used to inhabit it's body. It is now known as Shadowmane.
Cya
was good to see you dari
14See ya Dari
Fission is splitting atoms
cya Dari
Blums: the idea is not OMG massive ENRGY, the idea is OMG, cheap fuel
and harvesting the energy
but bye dari
That's a cool idea, though, herospirit.
well yeah theres that
@correctmeter Herospirit's Shadowmane story
6 Herospirit's Shadowmane story is 43% correct. (1523)
(yfw I stole it)
Fusion is slamming two atoms together to make a new atom
Oh the days of Sim City 2000, how I miss the fission power plant.
i keep reading ShadowMane as SlenderMane for some reason...
desert rose fusion releases more energy than it takes to induce it =P otherwise fusion would be moot
(i'm stealing that idea)
well.. for everything up to excluding iron at least
/me is the son of Slendermane. It's canon now
I'm cool with that. B]
THEE GOLD
once you start the reaction the problem is making it go at a steady controlled rate
SilverMane: OH GOD
what have i done
hey hey
urg am i getting fusion and fission mixes up again?
hi
POLYTICIANS.
Hey, nice camera you have there.
so it was -14% right then herospirit? *trollface*
no you arent desert
fusion = stars, fission = reactors....right
:[
yea
I wish Cheerilee was my teacher for all classes
>: D
that would be awesome
wait, it's negative percent?
I hope we hear a story from cherilee
That means.... Shadowmane isn't the demon.....
>.> wh-what camera...
(DerpyHooves: The thing is, there was already a conversation going on. From my experience on IRC, if you try to introduce a topic to a channel when there's already a conversation going on, ponies tend to ignore you.)
(just saying)
SILVERMANE IS.
!hug
Hugtiem? :3
lol
yes
yes
/me wraps her front hooves around Vinylle in a tight embrace
DAT RAINBOW DASH
i wana know how derpy got her cutie mark :3....
D:
randomdash?
(shhh, stop trying to blow my cover herospirit)
i missed the rainbow dash, aw
me too
me three
11it's never random
14Dat chicken
DAT SCOOTALOO
Derpy was obviously
the best at blowing bubbles
Hello people I have possibly met before but was not properly introduced to!
maybe its for bubblewrap?
Seman Chip badges? THE FUCK, SCROOGE
solid gold sure is shipworthy!
are they using gold as planking?
Hello
>GOLD SAILS
cutie marks are not to be taken literaly
wow, cloth gold
ur doin it rong
14Indeed
Rarity must be on board
so are we watching g3.5 ponies for the lulz after this?
duh, EVERYONE knows gold is not only buoyant but is the best material to make armor out of :P
^
I sure hope so gummy
^
Why?
because somehow wanting to always win a race means a rainbow lightning bolt
Applejack ha apples
and she bucks apples
with afew exceptions
Furry lads, get me a cannon bowl!
actually... we eshould stream Marble Hornets sometime
DesertRose: you know the Sonic Rainboom?
She is RANBOW DASH
^
How did they melt the gold in order to shape it?
well cherilee has flowers or something and shes a teacher so..
lightning rpresents speed
and she can FLY
so the cloud
I haven't watched Marble Hornets in forever
magic Nittany :P
it's when you go really fast (lightning-fast) and you get a rainbow
gotta come up with a playlist
WHAT
*shrug* makes sense to me
There needs to be a MLP-Duck Tales crossover
it's still running, isn't it SilverMane?
Firearms in children's cartoon, Ftw
speaking of Rainbow Dash
GGgala, probably
...there are PATCHES in their SOLID GOLD SAILS
I read the story "Cupcakes" yesterday
no, ShadTheCrazed is not Rainbow Dash
Hey, you guys see the new season 2 opening?
OH geez
no
vinylle not here
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfsQiZ6FHIc&feature=player_embedded
Hey look cupcakes, why is it always cupcakes!?
somepony should write a happylight story named cupcakes
/me facehoofs
It was the most disgusting thing I've ever read
So, do we now have an official Shadowmane origin story?
I almot puked
Shadowmane is my father
NOPE
that's all there is to it. He's a pegasus like me
NOPE.
dat soundtrack...
I wub it
LOVE THE INTRO!!!
i imagine the closed captioning would say *triumphant music* at this point
Cell: that was awesome
lol
It's great.
I can't wait for season 2.
Cell: …
Suddenly, I notice desync in the episode
inb4 "mm, juicy!"
..
...
14lol
wizardry
CUPCAKES!!!!!!!
22 more days...
hi
EWEWEWEWEWEEWEW
.. 6 days until i have decent internet.
hah! nice timing on that video
FFFFFFFF-. I hat diz slow internet.
g3.5, gentlestallions?
:C
Art Of The Dress
/me still hasn't recovered from the horrors of yesterday
0G3.5
11actually
gentlecolts, to evil.
Hop skip and a jump
11there's only 1 ep available :(
Efreet: unless you're getting less than 150 KB\s…
whew
Giggle At The Ghostly
the one with the Twinkle Wish?
If he is your father, Silver, why did you react with FEAR and CONTEMPT at his presence? Demon possessed body is the only acceptable explanation
11but I can of course put Strawberry shortcake on
I think I deserve banishment for that link, so...
!moon
Grab my tail, Cell!
I'm getting about 50kb/s
:V
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU-
0How about no.
Herospirit, what, I can't hate my father's presence?
what year is that Strawberry from anyway?
Well That's incorrect.
Sathi must have been taking trolling lessons from Dari :P
I only get less then 50kb/s
MECAUSE DARTH VADER
from 10am to 2am.
OH GOG NOT STRAWBERRY
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Im out
Anytime during that it can get up to 500kb/s
11:P
Hey there *Drmatic Entry* Anypony here a Chrono trigger fan? I have mind blwoing info
**Dramatic
if you eat one of the characters, do they taste like cakes?
11yes
THAT CHOCOLATE IS NOT CHOCOLATE. IT IS MELTED HHHUUUUUMAN FLEEEEEESH.
woot!
but you get diabeetus immediately
>mfw Penny Arcade's "Strawberry Tart" parody is still down :(
lol...if that were true herospirit I would so watch that show
I never actually beat that game
delicious, delicious human flesh
fuck no not fg
fg?
family guy
Family Guy
oh, missed it
lol, not a Seth McFarlane fan? :P
ReBeCa bLaCk mAkEs GoOd MuSiC!
Remember when it was funny? That didn't last long
ok, that is quite enough mixed case typing
0"Stupid Dogs"
Animaniacs, Tiny Toon Adventures, Goosebumps, Power Rangers, Batman
14Wow, this computer is overkill for anything pretty much. lol
Okay
Are You Afraid Of The Dark?
I vote either Power Rangers or Batman
G3.5 lolol
Or maybe Inspector Gadget
^
>mfw I'd love to watch episode 18 of Duck Tales (Dinosaur Ducks)
:P*
Beware Beware, Listen to Robo's theme one last time after i link this you may never hear it the same way again
"Forever"
/me 0has sads now. No Two Stupid Dogs available.
ren and stimpy?
>mfw looking at the list of episodes I've got at home, they are far and WIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIED apart
fooooREVERRRRRrrrr
I LOVE RAINBOW :C
O_______O
Powerbat or Rangersman?
NOT. Ren and Stimpy. EVVVVER.
o, Dermathil,the DuckTales ep with the origin of the unicycle-robot-suit is a two-parter called Liquid Assets/Frozen Assets, btw.
not sure if you found that yet
Bowerpat or Mangersran?
Pinkie Pie breaks all laws, and gets away with it.
j/s
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-_XvOAF8zk Beware Beware it will blow your mind!
Renman and Stimpy Rangers?
Speed limit? pfft She don't care.
Lol.
Pinkie is comedy relief and is a good one.
Rowebtap or Rangemnar?
ooh AYAotD?!
YES, GGGALA. THAT TWO-PARTER!!!
wat?
I REMEMBER IT
sweeeeeeeeeeeet\
Yes I am GG why do you ask?
0Oh this show.
confound you
OH YOU MEAN THE SHOW.
hmmm, it would seem the clouds hate me
"But we're all bronies"
And I LOOOOOVED IT as a kid!!!!
herospirit: lawl
lalalaaa
0Is there a name for this type of show? You know, different stories every episode?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfsQiZ6FHIc&feature=player_embedded
never gonna get tired of how cumbersome this acronym is. AYAotD? AYAotD? AYAotD?
Razyn: Supernaturals?
This made me wonder, do you get the Twilight Zone on this, whoever is streaming? :0
oh nice, new post on http://askpinkaminadianepie.tumblr.com/
mfw this script
0Yes, hero
0OH WAIT. Tales From the Crypt! We have to watch it!
>mfw I mostly remember the Season two of Duck Tales...
pfft, old news
Blindfold guy will kick your ASS for doubting his story skills
Razyn: yeah, there's a word. anthology
0I like anthology shows.
>mfw this is the same stuff they did with the creepypasta feature episode on KYM
You know what'll be funny? They'll make him get back home on his own.
pinkie pie is the best pony
I preffer twilight
no carrot top is
They should've ended the AYAotD series with one of the kids who tell the stories ending up being a serial killer.
Lol.
going to background ponies.....RoseLuck
herospirit: O U
who's carrottop?
0What.
Telling a story about himselg.
lol
himself*
the carrot one
and then they all died
who'da thought
And revealing it at the end. :]
dat acting
Lets just stop this and agree the Rainbow Dash is the best...
an orange or green maned background pony
Colgate is the best!
man, this /is/ whacked!
there's this one cute country pony dancing in the you gotta care you gotta share number
I like Derpy best
14Man this is whacked
GRAB ME YOU TURD
with braids
I will agree that rainbow dash is awesome....but octavia.....
ninja'd, Octavia
thats a funny way to spell Cloudkicker tobi
14;P
/me always wubs GizmoDuck
Man, this Turd is whacked.
with /formatting
Octavia is the best fan pony
with /formatting/
What about fluttershy?
*falls*
14Whacked is this man
0Cheeseball is now a legitamate insult
too timid
Twi. *sighwistfully*
is man this whacked
OH GOD NOT COLD
I SO SCURRED
Not rarity no mo?
0Man whacked this is
I vote Octavia for best pony!
No, It's either Dash or Trixie....
Ts wan ihis mhacked
You broke Earth's magnetic field.
14>man-whacked
Snips. Best pony
!link Trixie
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/48079
oh lord
YOU DUN GOOFED KID
not snips
!link nightmare moon
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/33473?search=spike
least smart geek ever
0>Running through a forest
inb4 road
14The consequences will never be the same?
welcome
0>When lost
4I'm gonna take a guess and say this is either Are You Afraid of the Dark, or Goosebumps
snails is apparently coming back in s2
this is the third time i get search=spike this evening
false
0The former
i finally got into the derpy love the other day
it's Strawberry Shortcake
st naw sihi si
Ghosties: eeyup
*trollface*
4Ah, cool
0Actually, this is Tales From the Crypt
and now I don't know how I could've not
gonna slash you kid
BRITISH
RAPIST
THEY WALKED ALL OVER TO BRITAIN
14Suddenly, rapist!
RAEP
wait, British?
0I wouldn't trust that guy as far as he could count
and it's the same damn link every time
14"You've got a perdy mouf boy!"
@pony the pony who is the rapist
6 the pony who is the rapist is 5Little Strong7heart
!link nightmare moon
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/47776
:0
lol
bad touch BAD TOUCH
14Makes sense
/me would threaten the guy with a can of pepperspray.
0@pony most likely to tell scariest story
6 most likely to tell scariest story is 6Spik3e
/me really has one.
4Oh wait
Denny's into it.
@pony the pony who gave that kid the bad touch
6 the pony who gave that kid the bad touch is 4Apple 8Bumpkin
O-O
4This is the riddle ep
I love you Luna
I could see Spike telling a scary story
4Yep, the riddle ep
Ghosties: yeah, i think so
yessss....the doctor....
I remember the answer to the riddle.
4>mfw I still remember the answer to the riddle
0@pony who is the Equestrian Crypt Keeper
6 who is the Equestrian Crypt Keeper is 5A8ce
RIDDLES
i wuv you too
"Let's go practice medicine...."
0Awesome
Just gimme the riddle.
Riddles in the dark...
DOCTOR S
p
h
Scootalo a chicken?
@pony the pony who gives the riddles
6 the pony who gives the riddles is 14Silver S15poon
y
4The answer is a hole
n
/me points RainbowDash.
x
What have I got in my pocketses?
/me glomps.
eeeeeh
14Raep whistle
@pony Lord English
6 Lord English is 15Tw6i4st
!link scootaloo chicken
/me enters a hole.
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/39292
It's her
just point
and glomp
0@pony Pony Slasher
6 Pony Slasher is 5Snai10ls
!link fluttershy tree
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/25276
@pony the pony with the SECRET BUTT FUN
6 the pony with the SECRET BUTT FUN is 4Big Macint7osh
O-o
0oshit
@pony The answer to the Doctor's riddle
Octavia: there was actually an episode of this where the kids had to give some ghost girls their missing rape whistles
6 The answer to the Doctor's riddle is 7Applej8ack
wait...
The Doctor...
spiderman, you are not a pony
But Doctor Who...?
LOOK AT MY BEARD
0You shouldn't have done that
RECURRING CHARACTER TIME
MY BEARD IS AMAZING
,,,
no. Doctor Scratch
0Wrong house. In a forest.
Ohai Hagrid
Epic beard time!
0Dat meth lab
Doctor Kek
Lol.
Expecting doctor? TOO BAD. WALUIGI TIME
LOL
Vink!
heh
dat story ain't scary.
GIMME SCARES
Okay Dermathil
0Nutfag?
Blink was scary. This is not.
/me rolls 1d20
Once there were two children named Hanzel and Gretel
blink was also awesome :P
seven1
eh.
Now they are dead
The end
0That is the single most fucked up thing I've ever seen in a children's show.
heh
The writing/cinematography really sold that episode
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/44538
Blink was scary. Gimme stuff like dat.
4Hagred?! What are you doing here?!
/me *brohoofs* Dermathil
is ponibooru slow for everyone else too?
or do I need to make an angry call to comcast tomorrow
/me brohoofs herospirit back.
lawl.
also, a friend of mine wants to play a paladin in our pathfinder game, bt we are a very chaotic group
probably has a large ammount of traffic on it
not sure how it would work...
ooooo
He wouldn't cut the phone wire if he didn't know how to fix it.
good
It's Comcast, always give them an angry call.
0Are you sure about that?
Just steal the shears, stab the creepy guy in the leg, and use the phone.
This show is creepypasta-levels of scary.
as in, not at all.
0Oh u
There are some pretty freaky CP's, Derm. :P
4*Fun Fact: This guy also played the chef during another episode about a soup that is so delectable, it's all the rage in town
0Helium
a hole
Void, Pally.
4A HOLE
Baldur's Gate did that riddle better :P
FFFFFF
College is slowly making me feel dead on the inside
And it's not even been a week yet of the new semester
heheheh
The comments for the Scootaloo + Marty thing.
Oh my.
oh lawdy
MOAR RIDDLES! :D
PENIS.
PINGAS
PENIS IS THE ANSWER
hey I just came back
Hah.
OH MY GOOOOOOD
4Man, that little kid had NO emotion
LOL, A PP IN A BARREL
omg david tennents hand
lol
That was troll level emotionless
Imagine how much shipping fics are there with ponies and some character of another franchise.
4At least the older brother actually looked frightened
Troll 2 level
0Oh you can see it.
it's a hole you retards!
4Oh man
4I miss this show
That riddle is pretty fucking easy
So whats this show?
beat feet
beat fet
actually, what about antimatter?
...crap
4Are You Afraid of the Dark
"Are You Afraid of the Dark"
Antimatter has mass.
antimatter has mass, i do believe... wait, or is that darkmatter
with a question mark on the end, though.
Could be photons.
right, antimatter it the unweight
Nittany_Tiger, one of the theories of antimatter is that Antimatter has negative mass
THE AnSWER IS NOTHING
plus, antimatter doesn't make it lighter .it makes it explode
^
0 444-4444
I dont remember this episode
Actually, not really.
I am matter, I am antimatter, I can see your future, I consume time, and I will consume you!
HE SPARKLES IN THE DAYT
matter and antimatter react when in contact to destroy each other, releasing the energy contained in their mass
It's 555-5555 in the states. ;P
welcome to the taxi of rape
Or 867-5309
I need some wallpapers that are larger than 1600 by 900. Anyone got any Luna ones that fit that criteria?
0Oh u
OH MAN
Antimatter won't make things explode except if it meets it's opposite.
still on the same show?
DAT REVEAL
Yes it will, Nittany.
SERIOUSLY. FORTY YEARS?!
NO ONE GOT IT IN FORTY FUCKING YEARS
aaah
4Still no emotion on the kid's face -_-
Troll 2 Level scream.
Antimatter and Matter negates eachother and turn into energy.
4God, put him out to pasture
/me has pepperspray.
0Someone dies every day? The fuq?
But the particles have to be the same.
Nittany_Tiger, matter is matter, so matter and antimatter are the only two things that exist. therefore, if they contact each other, big badda boom
0Forty years, a death every day?
Read particle physics.
Standard model.
a proton is a proton, whether it is in copper, iron, carbon, or sodium
IT'S A FUCKING HOLE DAMN IT
lol
A CHAINSAW THAT'S CUTTING ONE HALF OFF
HORRIBLE HORRIBLE ACTORS
Having a pension is neat
DERP
especialy when it's $2.58 /mo
A BLACK HOLE
try http://images.google.com/search?tbm=isch&hl=en&source=hp&biw=1024&bih=601&q=Princess+Luna+wallpaper&gbv=2&oq=Princess+Luna+wallpaper&aq=f&aqi=g1&aql=&gs_sm=e&gs_upl=3436l6971l0l7129l23l19l0l8l8l1l232l1691l1.9.1l11l0#q=Princess+Luna+wallpaper&hl=en&safe=off&gbv=2&tbm=isch&source=lnt&tbs=isz:lt,islt:2mp&sa=X&ei=fu1WTsDvF8fUiALNwrjCCQ&ved=0CA0QpwUoBA&bav=on.2,or.r_gc.r_pw.&fp=2e7b596111a6642d&biw=1024&bih=
…whoa!
But putting a proton and an anti-neutron should be ok.
YOU HVAE TO TAK ESOMETHING OUT
that is one huge link
didn't realize it'd be so big
Tiny URL for the win?
SAY IT ALREADY DUNPASS
sorry
probably truncated too
BE SLOWER THAN THAT SQUIRT
It's ok
hang on, I'll shorten it
oat.nu
no homo
thankfully, the curse is gentle enoug to remove their momentum!
I read Cupcakes
I would have broken that curse WAY earlier :P
lol
no one got it in forty fcking years
http://t.co/4wQrU7z
oh wait they dint say that back then
there you go!
Sharksky: 2^ try that
that story sucked
I love cupcakes.
That kid travels back in time and becomes the bearded doctor
WEED
Want some, Vinylle?
inb4 he's denied
Thanks, BlacklightShining! ;D
Yes DinkyTroll I do.
The meth lab blew the house up.
Sharksky: no problem; that's (one reason) why I'm here
0That /sucked/
/me gives some muffins to Vinylle.
*thumbs up
damnit
Ghosties: Vink was also the villain in the episode with the Evil Pinball Game, wasn't he?
when I refer ponies to Google
I don't just refer them to Google
What is Applejack holding? http://i53.tinypic.com/2ep1pqv.png
4Possibly
/me would've thumbed WAY down.
/me pukes all over DinkyTroll
4I know he was also in the Soup episode
^
do they ever deny anyone?
I google it myself, add parameters, and then send a link
/me takes off the costume she had just incase.
/me walks away.
4I think they only did the voting for the original cast members
I'm guessing no since they let THAT GUY in :P
4Until the later recast
because it was the moust disturbing disgusting thing I had ever read in my life
SilverMane: http://www.halolz.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/halolz-dot-com-teamfortress2-nope.avi-obama-poster.jpg
SilverMane: naw, taht would be too DARK :P
looks like bug spray
oh man I think I remember this
Try SAM.
4OH MAN
=P
4I fucking love this clown
OH GOD NOT A CLOWN P
OH FUCK
CLOWNS
/me 11hates clowns
fucking evil clowns man, hiding in yo microwave
/me loves giggling at clowns
0Don't worry Luna.
OH SHIT
OH FUCK
How does she hope to spray it, then without some thing to provide a force toward her?
that this was horrifying
Were there clowns on the moon? *runs*
/me 4thinks clowns are funny
did SOMEPONY say clowns?
http://thelifestream.net/wp-content/uploads/dissidia_artwork_kefka.png
I hope this is about ghosties.
If it ain't, I be disappoint.
4Real clowns are just that, they're sarcastic assholes
4I love it
i wonder what metal blend that powder is. probably has copper or sodium. nah, not sodium, that only reacts with water
House is a clown then.
Hey again guys
Clowns are nothing against violent updrafts.
phfff, that isn't a clown
howdy allis
To be quite honest, Vin.
4That isn't a clown
HHHEEHEHHHOOHAHAH
I laughed like a maniac during CC.
t was just so funny.
0Oh hey, Homestuck.
0Been meaning to read that.
Scootaloo?
Mmmm. Gamzee's pretty much a clown, if you read Homestuck. :P
4Now that's a clown
lawl
lol
can't see it ghosties :P
SCOOTS.
and nice applebloom
CC?
Homestuck! i jsut finished chapter 2 of it.
*just
Crap, I mixed my CMC
vlocking typos
4I posted Pennywise the Clown
CC.
BEATY!
only 4 dollars each
never heard of him
/me tripleglomps
I couldn't see it Ghosties. :[
11oh god IT back then gave me the creeps
there is only one clown that legitimately freaks me out
14WHAT A THING TO SAY!
but fortunately he's dead
4Well, at least Sathi knows who Pennywise is
Don't spoil It for me!
Bwahaha I love this paradox
And pennywise isn't a clown, he's a *ShotForSpoilers*
11eeeyup
I've never seen it.
/me is tripleglomped apparently
I'm inside a virtual machine, remote-desktop into my PC at work, which remote-desktops into my server
:s
4For the sake of suspension of disbelief, he is a clown
Lol like the topic.
I should remote from the server over to my home PC and see what happens
LS?
11suddenly geekytalk
Leave.
He's a clown but also a *ShotAgainForSpoilers*
I never watched/read It.
Now.
but i have not found scootaloo yet
Neither have I, but I had it spoilered for me.
:[
Lets never Scootabuse ever.
^
^
^
and ^
4Strangely enough, Pennywise spans multiple Stephen King stories I think
...
BMN selection idea!
>Scootabuse
Why.
Oh fuck. It's this clown. THIS CLOWN
helo
NOT THE TICKLES
11DOINK
LOL
Every Scootabuse picture I've seen was 100% pointless.
Hi redd. :V
First off, Scootabuse is not allowed here.
4At the least, he's considered one of the most powerful entities in his universes
This episode FREAKED ME THE FUCK OUT when I was little
FEE BS
Pennywise in Shawshank Redemption. Lol.
4FUMB DABRIC
immm baaaaaccckkk
DinkyTroll: everything is pointless in the long run, /shrug
*feebs!
14Dumb fabric!@
Fumbdabrik
14<3
BUMF CABRID
TELEPORTATION
BMUF CIRBAD
We're here! Thanks Twilight.
Colgate: x is pointless in the [time variable here]
Wigi?
4Weegi
scootaloo everywhere
4Oh lawdy
Goosebumps by any chance?
Chicken again!?
4And Goosebumps is also great
4But I still say Are You Afraid of the Dark is much better
why is scootaloo abused, anyway
what is the function
It is?
some silly meme
inb4 rapist carnie
New post on Equestria Daily by Phoe: 30 Million Pageviws Contest: Gallery (http://tinyurl.com/3rmu287)
@pony the pony who is a rapist carnie
6 the pony who is a rapist carnie is 6Spik3e
/me turns all lights off and laughs.
Nope. Not fun.
:I
He has cleavage.
OH HI
DONT SAY HIS NAME IN THE MIRROR YOU FOOL
Say it 5 times.
jiggle head
4That's dangerous, you know
DUDE. That is NOT SAFE
Fire in a kid's ride?
4Now I like this idea
4Have arrows pointing in the right direction that leads to more arrows
MOST UNSAFE RIDE EVER
It basically arose from people asking Faust if RD would ever become like a big sister to Scoot, to which Faust said Dashie is an only child and also probably would have been ill behaved to younger siblings if she had any.
4Pointing in completely different directions
awww
DUMB
total bummer
STOOPID
word of faust always does things like that
4He needs that nose
DEAD
4Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh
LOL dat yell
RD is just Scootaloo's role model, not parent
it was even WORSE than the one from the other story
gweeker
I like how this circus actually acknowledgess that clowns are scary and uses one for a horror attraction.
@
@pony
12Barry is 12Spit8f7ire
nice
was that... his middle finger?
@pony Fluttershy really
6 Fluttershy really is 13Diamond 6Ti15a6ra
secret middle fingers
Nose based flipoff
Did he say that he had to crap?
"I gotta crap"
11eeeyup
1196
@pony Luna really
6 Luna really is 7Mr Br15eezy
11NO!
@pony Barry really
6 Barry really is 6R12A3I9N8B7O4W 11DASH
11NO
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFF-
YES!!
Sidestroke is Princess Luna now?
o:
@pony Octavia
6 Octavia is 7Mr Br15eezy
11lol
14lol
Singe: are you a spy?
This guy is kind of a cunt
dam
11me too
can I buy a fan Octavia? :P
4He's a mean kid
suddenly Zeebo
4It's typical
@pony Ghosties
6 Ghosties is 12Spit8f7ire
@pony everyone in this channel but Nittany_Tiger
4I like Spitfire :3
6 everyone in this channel but Nittany_Tiger is 6Cheeri13lee
14Grrr :P
@pony
12Dermathil is 12Spit8f7ire
@pony Luna's lover
6 Luna's lover is 14Silver S15poon
>mfw
@pony ...because Nittany_Tiger
6 ...because Nittany_Tiger is 8Mr a7nd 11Mrs C13ake
0Glasses and socks.
XD
Now?
DO IT FILLY!
/me has sweets ready.
I've ALWAYS been Princess Luna, silly.
0@pony Crypt Keeper
6 Crypt Keeper is 14Hoity-15Toity
@pony the pony who beat Zeebo
6 the pony who beat Zeebo is 14Silver S15poon
14@pony
12PrincessMolestia is 7Mr Br15eezy
4Tim Curry should play Zeebo
14......
14..........
oh god Ghosties that would be awesome
14FUUUUUUUUU
his laugh
lawl
/me wonders how many people remember my original nick here
priceless
11lol
WUT
NNOOOOOOOO PUDDING
0The PUDDING!
>mfw the kid is scared of a creaking door
but now the pudding is gone!
11such delicious pudding
@pony the pony scared of a creaking door
6 the pony scared of a creaking door is 6R12A3I9N8B7O4W 11DASH
11BAM on the floor
;_;
0We-we can save it!
killerrabbit, Colgate?
wait, JUST a baseball bat?
Beamed what?
he wasted good pudding
yep
you win a muffin
he should be gronded
grounded*
!muffinkiss
/me regurgitates a whole, fresh looking muffin and approaches RainbowDash, showing her most adorable kissing face
/me doesn't know any better.
>doesnt know its his closet
This kid's gonna be a bean counter older.
0Weegee?
DERP
There's your muffin!
Hey, a properly used bat could kill a man easily.
AIM FOR THE HEAD
He better clean that mess up.
WEEEEEGEE
"hey josh this is WEEGEE"
0@pony Weegee
6 Weegee is 7Applej8ack
@pony
12Dermathil is 12Spit8f7ire
ya dreamin pal
*WeegeeStare*
>mfw TWICE IN A ROW
0@pony
12Razyn is 13Pinkie 4Pie
@pony
12herospirit is 15Rari6ty
IM GONNA RAPE YOU
/me glomps RainbowDash.
inb4 it's just his friend trolling him
FUCK, I'm Rarity.
nvm, it is my idiot father sucking up all the bandwidth
@pony
12herospirit is 0,1Z1,0e0,1c1,0o0,1r1,0a
0@pony
12Razyn is 14Hoity-15Toity
:I
wtf is he doing?
CIGAR SMOKE
is nose
0Tripping
EWWWWWW
>burning takes it in his hands
0Da fuq
smart
Evil clown ate my food!
Lol, If everyone in canada goes to equistria daily, We would double the number...
@pony
12Dermathil is 7Mr Br15eezy
>whew.
Now if someone can convince all of Canada to watch.
I mean go to the site.
Watching is good too
only 30kk people live in canada?
30 million o.0
He just wants his fucking nose back, asshole
lol
Ya, Only 30 million people here....
OH GOD
0Adn maybe cut you up a but
Who's the villain here?
Zeebo: the completely misunderstood clown
We have a lower population then California
So much trucks.
Now that's starting to feel Creepy, not scary.
33.7 milion
I thought canada had more people than that
Nope! :3
What are we watching?
No... We have more room...\
http://www.google.co.uk/search?rlz=1C1AVSC_enGB436GB436&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8&q=population+of+canada
Huffy the Magic Dragon Ride!
Canada has the most room of any country
are you afraid of the dark?
You guys are cramped down there...
Barely anyone up north.
0To catch a clown
/me never gets pegasi love. Sadface.
united states pop is 300 million...
>OH SHIT NOTHING
And I get 10 miles of backyard...
West and East spread out so much.
NOT NOTHING
/me sits there eatting his food while the chat continues
[22:12] * @Octavia never gets pegasi love. Sadface.
wat?
eh...
NOTHING SCARES ME THE MOSTR
most*
plenty of that in #SP Octavia ;)
0NOTHING'S MY FAVORITE
/me qualifies: filly.
1.3bn in china
Evil strobe light!
Seems legit.
I realy think we should make it a goal to have at least an interplanetary empire by 10B
If this show was about a Clown who stole a child's nose on a dare, and the child followed him to get it back, we'd STILL think the clown was the villain.
what planets though?
mars
herospirit: lawl, a+
Venus.
How was that kid able to buy tobacco?
we cant inhabit anything in our own solar system
magic
We can inhabit mars
Which is why science.
THE MOON
SCIENCE!
Alright, I give credit to this story.
without taking resources from out own planet
and the moon
MOON!
Gread story.
A magic ID?
OHSHI-
MUCH better than the earlier one.
Yah, this one was good
4The old man is the clown
But we have a zombie problem up there...
Dermathil: inorite?
wed have to take exygen on earth and put it on mars
EEEEEEYUP
vast improvement
We han't inhabit anywhere wlse in the galaxy without taking resources
you can synthisize O2 on mars
less shitty acting
not yet
lol
and not on a massive scale
by 10B
And then everyone pissed themselves
mars for sure has oxygen in Total Recall
we have CO2 burning candles already anwyays
oh she mad
YOU GON DIE
nope....it has ice
dat unreliable narration
Well it gets hot
Remember kids, only you can prevent forest fires!Q
....
Luna, mind streaming a few episodes of Season 2 of Duck Tales now?
And then OXYGEN!
suddenly, circus-ified theme
4Do the doll one
The episodes in it are among the best
Seriously, he just wanted his nose back
lolz
WHY WON'T THE PORTAL WORK!
!link space
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/48667
CO2->O2 is not hard
OH NO
11no more ducktales
0Well, that was something. What next?
plants can do it
Terraforming. Well...that stuff would take centuries, and money.
4or the soup one
11I dont want to dream about ducks
not the doll episode
alright then
The Tale of the Dangerous Soup!
lol
jesus
DARKWING DUCK THEN LUNA
4Yeah, The Tale of the Dangerous Soup
Mars has ice, which is H2O, sperate the 2 H's from the O's and you get oxygen YAY!
But pressurized cities? easy as pie!
mwahahahaha
the sensual, delectable soup
Doll episode is creepy as fuck
it seems as if that people never log off or uit, just put themselves in a status of sleep
mars also has an atmosphere made of CO2
Guys... Do what I do...
what portal?
Ziltoid: the one with the dollhouse?
0Can we watch Tales From the Crypt?
and the ice on mars is dry ice anwyays
User_8360: it is IRC, what do you expect?
4YEAH
CO2, not H2O
Ghosties, between this and Rocko's Modern Life, your television life as a kid was creepy as fuck
4Awesome ep is awesome
Use Blood Magic to open up portals into other universes!
yeah I believe so
I love Desktop Ponies. Tiny Pinkie Pie makes the bad things go away
well, i dont do that
4How old are you, Edward?
i jst quit!
17
<3 tiny Pinkie Pie
4Oh man
Dat theme.
geez!
IRC has connected and disconected stauses
4You missed out on the greatest time to be a kid
since I don't turn my computer off, why bother quitting irc
0How old are you, Ghosties?
Lol.
sorry
4SHUT UP SATHI
lawl
Kids these days, so so spoiled :P
there is no logging of users
PINKIE KNOWS HER SHIT
11:P
Let us discover the Warp already.
'Spose I did
4IT WAS AWESOME AND YOU KNOW IT
i turn my computer off
except registered ones
/me 11nods
4What?! How can you not love dogs
4And I'm 23, Razyn
lawl
I'm trying to learn about portals...
I'm in the same boat as Edward here. Same age, actually.
*Grandpa voice* BACK IN MAH DAY, WE KIDS USED TAH BE TRAUMATIZED EVERY DAY WITH OUR TOONS
Sadly, I can't control destinations...
google wormhole
/me brohoofs herospirit
whee
have a pass
Google offers a wormhole service now?
0 17 here, I saw some good shows.
sweet
/me brohoofs back
I loved Freakazoid
:D
22, will be 23 this October
Edward has got taste
4shows today are too gentle
11Ghosties
turning 20 next month
4They're too homogenized
its in alpha...which means you die if you use it....usuakly
Hold on...
11Did you see the mirror ep?
what episodes are in store for season 2 though?
I miss 90's cartoons.
Ghosties speaks the truth
dunno
good ones
28 here.
4I probably have, Sath
mfw there's a horror episode in FiM
but will it blend?
4But I don't really remember it
Honestly, I was watching South Park with my dad at the age of 8 though so...
0They're steadily getting more... Brutal?
11Well this is the soup ep
4Well
11enjoy
we only know the first 2 pilot episodes description
4Adventure Time is a great step
inb4 saw
Precursor to Saw.
Wait, VtI, there is?
Really Val...? I honestly hope so
South Park isn't disturbing, it just pushes buttons of gross factors
beyond that, complete secret
darn
I want to play a game.
I actually really enjoy Regular Show
its a damn good thing if you ask me
4Yeah, maybe, back in their earlier days
what r first two episodes description
NUTSHOT WITH THE SNAKE
4But South Park really became about satire
Okay...
true
4And yes, that's Neve Campbell
South Park switches from hilarious to utter shit every other season, imo.
That wasn't a good Dimension...
"what scares you is the python between your legs!"
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/08/season-2-episode-1-return-of-harmony.html
it'll be interesting to see where they were going with this mid-season finale
seaon 2 stuff
The episode where the goldfish is killing everybody scared the shit out of me as a kid
suddenly
poop
I has the best idea ever.
A NEW MOVIE
11SOUP!
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DuckTales_the_Movie:_Treasure_of_the_Lost_Lamp
whoot!
4Her name's Jersey?
old stuff
11yes
>doesn't touch knives
Ghosties, she lives on the shore......
0Heard worse names
>works as a waitress
spoilers at own risk
4Do ho ho
And she doesn't touch knives
HOW DOES SHE CUT ANYTHIN
Sigh...
My arm hurts...
HOW DOES SHE CUT ANYONE
With magic.
11oh him again
4Yeah, like I said
dat beard
ohai doctor
lol i ship ponies!
so THAT'S what those jars were for
im still using the mind bleach but its not very effective....
4Vink shows up a few times
Dr. I forgot your name.
LOOK AT ME I AM MENTALLY STABLE.
welp
Which isn't a big suprise...
Vink.
Nittany_Tiger: Vink! with a vuh, vuh, vuh!
I think I'm gona get some LoL in with a few friends
/me has a bad memory
I'll see everyone later
11naughty walker?
11:o
i wanna rainbow dash plushie
Hold on... Going to patch up the gash in my arm...
thanks for the streams Sathi! It's been fun as always :P
/me 11is hearing strange things
4Well, it is Neve Campbell after all
"Vink the Fink", back in his gangster days.
o.0
11Your welcome Val
4Haha
11see you tomorrow
4Same character too
SAGe
Vink, with a Vuh vuh vuh
HE FOUNDED 4CHAN
oohhhhh
I use hands in my soup.
super slow mo season 2 snipet
4I didn't realize until now that Vink is probably Are You Afraid of the Dark's Colonel Sartoris
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DuckTales_the_Movie:_Treasure_of_the_Lost_Lamp Which movie category would this movie fit in?
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jIZn8-4wqqw
I need to ask Twilight about that one.
Twilight told me this video is about Tara Strong talking as Twilight Sparkle
C. C movie
lol this show was supposed to be for litle girls but 13 year old guys like it!
I'm back
try again, herospirit.
I have no clue what a C Movie is
GUYS, TO SERVE MAN
IT'S A COOKBOOK
So Vink quit botany/zoology and started being a chef?
its awesome!!!
mind explodes
I guess it's only for ducktales, because ducktales is unlike any other
11yep
actualy....this show is good for guys aged 13 to 50+
oldest i know is....44
0Ohai Doctor
Wat
and im alone :|
I love doctor Vink
Nutbag recurring joke
yeah! he's more of a sack, not a bag
"With a vuh vuh vuh", "I am NOT, a nutbag"
Here is a quick warning to all....
EARTHQUAKE!
There are about 2537 different kinds of equistrias...
Needs more urine.
ohhh that kind of waring....nvm
delicious, dangerous, green soup
warning*
If you try and to Blood magic like me to open portals to them...
HE'S SNEAKING A TASTE
THE FOOL
4Just a taste!
MAKE SURE YOU GET THE RIGHT ONE!
4I promise
New post on Equestria Daily by Sethisto: Story: Paradise (Updated Part 10!) (http://tinyurl.com/3gu9ohw)
I LOLed at Derpy Alicorn
OMG WHAT
FINALY
what are we watching?
dunno when the frack that waslast updated
lol johnsey
"Are You Afraid of the Dark"
>a schlupp?
oh. i haven'seen this show
it's a different story every episode. :0
LOUDER
Lol.
i need to get my ext hdd to find out what was the last chapter i read....
/me can do magicks!
XD
thanks for the heads up, Zecora
ohai Zecora
damn seems like such a long time ago that story was updated
did i just hear....
What's Zecora doing in the kitchen?
0"You got a mouth on ya like a bathtub."
i love the loud waitress
XD
o.0
lol irc
she's just a total dick
WHOA WHAT
By protige, he means "soup"
HE GON COOK HER
PARADISE UPDATED WHAT IS THIS I DONT" EVEN
/me spams caps
/me pisses off DerpyBot
!link http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/15418
you know, I hear human is addictive
ohai Silver
Twilight told me this picture is about portal_2 ponified robot portal featured_image (and 1 more)
wait... he's going to COOK her?
What's with that clown with the spiral cheeks?
Paradise?
Hells to the Yeah
Xiagu, do you like magic?
lol, dat Saw ref
....yes?
Though, I hear that humans cannot properly digest human flesh
Paradise is an celestia/luna origin story that hasnt had an update in over 2 months
It makes them ill.
one i realy realy liked
woah, that's one hell of a fear
Then I'll show you some special magic
THE INGREDIENT IS FEAL
which sends you...
FEAR*
:I
0It's not as cool as it looks
no, THE INGREDIENT IS VEAL
Oh, well. That's not so bad then
soup is PONIES
YOU GOT CAUGHT MOTHERFUCKER
Friendship OS G4
WHOS CONTROLLING DERPY????????
THE INGREDIENT IS VEAL FEAR
ohdamn
wtf she forgot?
That was funny as hell.
THE HORROR!
/me covers her ears with her hooves to block out DesertRose's shouting
I saw that coming. But wow.
What scares him
WAT
If the soup is as good as they say, I'd go through that willingly
what is this?
!muffin
Muffins!! You have any? :3
yes
Thank you!!
/me glomps Fooby
For free soup, right Edward?
!hug
Hugtiem? :3
yup
/me wraps her front hooves around redd in a tight embrace
yes
Hell yeah
This is "Are You Afraid of the Dark"
So...
/me gets sqoze to death
It's a different story every episode
!moon
Grab my tail, DesertRose!
thanks
YEA!
/me stands behind DesertRose, glowering
doesn't seem to use people for fear more than once, though
http://www.anilinkz.com/animaniacs/animaniacs-episode-1/
What do I do with the body?
NO U
You're streaming Are You Afraid of the Dark?
That is SO AWESOME
0Consume fear get strong. SEEMS LEGIT.
It's not the real episode one, just a clip
3ligahG are you in here?
I like the implications of the soup being as exhilarating as endorphins/adrenaline.
...caused by fear
Pussy
this is neat
If you are I found the chat you were trolling
0*click*
Oh wow
I just heard the funniest shit
...well that was random.
rapist uncle
eeyup
Friends of my mom's just drove all the way to North Carolina to run away from... *drums*
:0
...
hmm, I wonder if that name has even been in here, time to find out.
oh man, mfw
4Wait
!seen 3ligahG
Ali1017: Sorry, I haven't seen 3ligahG lately.
4They ran *to* North Carolina
He's a vampire?
Lol.
4Where we're going to be getting the most impact
doesn't look like it.
4Yeah, that's smart
That mean it's not a registered nick?
Eastern NC?
OH SHIT
Kick him in the balls
FACE YOUR FEARS BOY
/me 0fails at geography and meteroology
/me pokes Johnsey for technical support.
4Yeah
KICK HIS ASS
4I live in Southeastern NC though
I don't think we really need to worry about it -- they're gone
DAT CGI
you foal
WOOPWOOPWOOP
4Oh boy
I know, but I believe it means that name hasn't been in here yet.
Obviously they went to the wrong state
4That sure was smart of them
Yep.
Ali1017: hmm?
4To leave a state that wasn't going to be impacted in the least
Heel face turn for the villain
it does, yes
Well
Where do they live?
am I smelling "redeeming sacrifice"?
Four days ago we thought we'd be ground 0
4herospirit with DAT PRO WRESTLING TERMINOLOGY
herospirit: well, no. this is a 'we must team up against an even eviller villain'
so, that nick wasn't registered then huh.
that is a different question
I was close enough. :P
this chat is kinda dead
inb4 Neville and the Sword of Gryffindoor
DRINK THE FEAR
KNOW NO PAIN
i wanna watch ponies
SilverMane: YES
It's not dead. It's busy napping.
NC is gonna get hit so hard
It's only dead because you don't have the will to save it
br people of the pony forums
*thunderandlightning*
I just ate a chicken
ill save it!
4No we're not
no
I am dealing with this being from another Dimension...
4It's just gonna graze us
No? Is it going to be still up north?
i will save it
Oh fun
4It's not like it's gonna engulf the whole state
Outer banks are going to get it.
4Well yeah
4The Outer Banks will get the worst
Then either New York city or Philly.
...That room wouldn't work on House
Lets get ready to CORPSE RUMBLE
hello everypony
PUNCH HIM IN THE FACE
i am here to save your chat
holy..... shit.....
woopwoop
start talking before this irc channel dies
he killed it with hugs
obai Uncle Pedo
he vanished
It took a while to get back, I had to bum a ride from a few pegasi
Stop worrying redd...
What is it we watch after?
Were all kinda busy...
yup
4Would you say he "giggled at the ghostie?"
I like dat guy's hair. :0
Wow no kidding
Ghosties, OH U
DAT LAUGH
well said, ghosties.
wow, an actual scary ending?
dat teeth
aww yeah, no redemption, just pure awesome
It's going well on its way towards new england
Why can't he just do it again?
0What a story mark
Now... I have a dead extradimensional being in my room...
neat. much like goosebumps, with bad ending for the hero
0So what next?
What do I do with it...
That Vick.
Why doesn't he just break the fragile looking statue? :0
wut
*Vink
We watching what now?
because the statue has DE MAGICKS
Finally got finished with my project. WIsh I could have put some pony reference in it, thogh.
*though
What kind of project?
Lol
What about Animaniacs?
AWWW YEAH
Why didn't he just face his fear with hugs again then? :I
0Dat op theme
A project on the ancient Inuits.
oh lawl, Goosebumps TV show
dat dawg
That G.
I remember the books.
oh hell no im out of here that movie made me shit my pants im not watching another
is that G Adrian Brody's father?
the books wer better. except for the Evil Sponge episode (It Came From Beneath the Sink). That was cool.
0There was always some thing about this theme. It just works so hard.
FuckfuckfuckfuckfuckNOT THE DUMMY PLEASE NOT THE DUMMY
I think I'll just put on an accent like the Medic and say, "Oh, and ze Inuit watched My Leetle Poni: Friendship is Magickz!"
SID THE DUMMY?
Okay, camp nightmare, cool.
YES
TIME FOR ANIMANIACS
0Oh it's this one. This one sucks
I loved the 'Camp' books, all of them were great
Camp Nightmoon?
Camp Nightmoon... is it ghosts?
11dat quality
Nightmare Moon?
JustnotTheDummyNotTheDummyNotTheDummy
oh this is sooooooooo much better
who wants Animaniacs? Those who want it, raise yer hand!
I'm good at some accents.
nice black background all the way around
Then Twilight went to Greenland
Make it sound crazy and you got Richtofen from Nazi Zombies...
that is one creepy ass bus driver
I've always had a horrible fear of dolls and dummies.
dat gangsta
fuck all y'all, i'm going home
LOL BYE
Shit
D'aww, Spitfire is chasing my cursor...how cute
0That was funny, GGgala
That bus driver couldn't handtle those damn kids anymore.
*handle
Don't let Inuit aliens possess Twilight D:
Can't blame him
dat acting
Yeah, I think I'll just try to sound funny.
4Oh wait
Like ze Spy.
4I know this ep
4There's a great TWEEST at the end
wut
wait, Nightmoon. HAS to be a werewolf ep doesn't it?
Oh, and I'm listening to all 3 versions of Luna (Dream Mode). <3
Rawr. Rawr. RawBOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM
What the shit
0They all have TWEESTs, Ghosties
wtf
Guy just fired a rocket with his gun
0ALL OF THEM
"you said the magic words. It means we're inseparable! EHEHEHEHEHE"
Nice...
Welcome to Camp Nightmoon. I have one question. Are you a mmmbetch who likes mmmbananas?
"Actually, yah, they rob banks. Mother fucker."
There's a third version? o.O
oooh, i read this one
Now... Should I just chop up this body and leave it in the forest?
Fooby: Made recently, yeah.
4It's weird, I was thinking about this ep earlier today
Or ditch it in another dimension...
0Weird.
Ghosties can see the future
My tiny Gummy is chasing my tiny Pinkie Pie <3
/me 11is reading your mind Ghosties
luna chases celestia
This may or may not be the one I've read before
Where's camp counselor Nyx?
0I was thinking about this exact moment a couple of weeks ago
NO GIRLS ALLOWED MAN
4DAT VOICE BREAK
:D
I warned you about the girls bro
Thanks...
ERRYDAY
EVERY DAY
Bro's before hos.
"write home so we know you aren't dead yet!"
Camp Officer is Genre Savvy
The thing looks humanoid, But it's naked...
0How?
Is grey and has a tattoo on its ass....
pretty much what GG just said :p
Looks feminine...
0Oh wait, officer.
Nancy Reagan?
Dat rap music.
0I blame the hip hop
No... It's hair is yellow...
ugh dar music
ohhh, this is "Welcome to Camp Nightmare"? i don't remember it
Tobi: Maybe it's an Anthro version of a pony!
4yEAH IT IS
Maybe...
4Yeah it is
yup i know this one
a hip, hop, a hippy, a hippy to the hip hip hop, don't stop a rocking to the bang bang boogy
It came out when I opened the portal...
0You guys. That snake doesn't bite.
Kid dies in 5 minues.
*minutes.
0Well, I mean, there's no poison.
11Larry
Larry the Loser
4Go wash it off
4That works, right?
Hold on, Let me check it's eyes...
Larry is biggest asshole there is
...
Larry the dick
0Tough love, bitch.
Well...
Pinhead Larry
...
Shit...
:|
REAL MANLY CAMPS don't need medical attention!
don't worry guys, the kid made his fortitude save.
Or antidotes.
just roll again in one minute, and he'll be fine
what are we discussing in this fine chatroom
What does the tattoo looks like?
0*for tonight
Bubbles...
Ffff
Washing it off does help. It's better to use rubbing alcohol. It hurts like hell, but that means it's woooorkiiing.
I think I might have gotten like, maybe a few minutes worth of lineart work tonight
If I'm correct, that could be Derpy Hooves you're looking at.
This picture is never getting finished like this :\
Kid slowly dies of snake poisoning. No-one cares.
YEAH, WELL FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK YOU
YEAH LARRY
"good kid, you're still alive"
Well, At least it wasn't the real one...
11NO
Drag the body to your house, go to the store and get some muffins.
He's gonna die
and his arm too
Bring back the muffins, and waft it around the humanoid's nose.
Fuck, It moved again!
Then ask it questions.
Hooray
Okay... It should out cold...
woo
and there was a great rejoicing
0Whoo-hoo way to go
yay~
hnngh
did your cheering do that
Hold on...
lol dat FlutterRage
Fluttershy! Ahh!
I'm going to open my wound again...
11are you scared?
i am so scared right now
GUYS, she's gonna catch us. Then we can go with her to Equestria!
11How about now?
YES
0I'm gonna punch my monitor because of that kid's puns
wait, scared of what
lulz
GAAAHHH]
Ahaha, Nice timing
dat flutterhulk
Really hate it when my thing resets :C
She loved that kid.
I'll love you FlooterShai
lol
HAHAHA, ATE EM
...what is this
Oh god. I lol'd
loved him to death
Watching The Holy Grail.
Mfw I'm pretty sure I've read this one
i have too
EEP
nice underwear there, guy
Fluttershy, you're such a loudmouth
WTF old guy.
lol FlutterGuy
By the way, my mother just complimented all us bronies, for being confident enough in our manhoods to watch ponies. :0
the flutternoises make it all complete
ohai Herospirits mom
OctaveSauce is right.
Herospirit, give her a hug on our behalf
I'll do that later.
She went upstairs. :0
ohai Jon Heder look a like
give who a hug?
stop scaring me with Fluttershy!\
oop nm
Let's talk about the effect Friendship is Magic is having on global politics.
Three Headed knight. LOL
Ok, I threw that think back into it's dimension...
diiiick
Punch Larry in the face kid
because he's a dick
can we feed Larry to the monster now?
I'm feeling a tad tired...
moose
yes
Faces out of your balls
SYMBOLIC HORNS ON HIS HEAD
They just sat down.
How 'bout we don't type for a bit...
Okay
"who's up for a serious game of baseball!?" "Fuck you, Larry!"
He's Vince from Catherine?
GGgala He's a cuckold?
lol really? he's in Catherine?
EdwardNewgate: lawl, that too
Missing camper is molehill
I dunno. Haven't played Catherine.
lol...
gotta catch up on a week's worth of sleep
Night gents
Night.
night'
night
11Goodnight
night
Night Zero
night
Night AllisZero, give your mom a hug for me
...
Larry just killed Von.
alright guys I need help with a extraordinarily important problem
did he died
Or Colin
LET'S LYNCH HIM
what is it
wait, uncle?
no wonder he's evil
random thursdays?
Worst. Fucking. Camp. Ever.
I want to buy a shirt but only can get one for now so many choices where to tart
*start
Coconutswallow!
Brain swelling? You're fine.
Survival Night! Truth in advertising, it is not.
Yes? Huh? What? Where am I?
all you get is sticks to fight off the monster
id glare at silver but i dont have the energy :/
Are you African or European?!
meh, what's so scary about sleeping in the woods
also, hey TheTrollSide ;)
Is getting more and more sure this is the one he read
"Dear Mom and Dad. Two People died. Love, 90's kid. P.S., send help."
HISS
Oh god.
Well Spin, are you a boy or a girl? 'cause if you're a boy you're gonna wanna buy a mens shirt, and if you're a girl you're gonna wanna get a womens size or a small mens size and shrink it a bit.
*giggles* Oh you
European. Officially.
Off the bridge he goes...
lol
Oh Ok
I'd start there.
STOP WITH FLUTTER-SCARES
New post on Equestria Daily by Cereal Velocity: Twilight and Pinkie Pie Sketch Auction Winners Report In (http://tinyurl.com/3eve6dz)
Castle Anthrax
xD
Kinda torn between this one (http://www.redbubble.com/products/configure/7424363-t-shirt?utm_source=google_products&utm_medium=product_search&utm_campaign=us_tshirts) or this one (http://www.redbubble.com/products/configure/7511117-t-shirt?utm_source=google_products&utm_medium=product_search&utm_campaign=us_tshirts) haha
Wow.
they are really getting me.
FLUTTERSHY IS COMIN FOR YO ASS
but its d'awsome
lol Pizzicato
That Dash one is pretty awesome.
scootaloo is bad too, but funnier
It's yellow with pink hair! It's awful!
ILU SweetieBell
oh TheTrollSide, if she were coming for my ass i'd be cool with that
I would buy that.
OH GOD ITS THE CAMERA MONSTER
Only problem is school
I think I will be buying that, actually.
/me is playing hoofball with desktop ponie
*ponies
i totally would be fine with it too
so guyyyyssss, how is everyone?
I can already hear my teachers lecturing me about foul language
0Dun dun dun!
ANIMANIACS TIME
Are you a big guy? 'cause if you're big enough you can just verbalize what the shirt says and walk away.
0What next?
Louie Anderson.
/me is watching his Spitfire window pony chase his cursor
what, a two parter?
o_o
really?
haha
nite everypony!
If you're like six feet tall and weigh 220 pounds, you got the one up, dude.
See ya later, johnsey
I'm going to lay down for a bit...
they usually are
do eeeet
Later d00d.
and tobi
Gotta finish the 2 parter.
i was always bugged tahat the screen never QUITE filled up with slime when i watched this
unfortunately no
11cant see part 2 :(
I lost too much blood....
Oh god.
night Tobi
awwww]
Well, that complicates things.
A spanking!
damn
GGgala: I know, right!?
ANIMANIACS THEN
oh, luna is here, now all we need is a trollestia
Hey, There is a conciquence when using blood magic...
0It's just as well I suppose.
/me is honestly not that saddened
/me OCD-brohoofs herospirit
0Tales from the Crypt~?
Are you like, squirmy and fast? Like if someone gets you in a hold can you wriggle out of and flee in the opposite direction?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2NLrjVnMO7k
you were slightly off, GGgala
It's slightly less than the consequence for using bloodless magic.
'cause that would also work, but it's not as effective as showing everyone your shir.
t
are all of the episodes from books?
Why can't we see part 2?
Well very much so yes
11because..it's not there
Aww.
SilverMane: wait, about what?
/me brohoofs GG back
11you can all dream about it.. in your sleep.. !
Well, but see, then you'll run away and no one will be able to read your shirt.
the bigger you are the better shirts you can wear
fact
GGgala, your brohoof wasn't center
SilverMane: DAMMIT
but I know I'd likely get in trouble with the teachers of which wriggling might not work
0Episode two!
now i have to brohoof with all three other hooves to balance it out
0Season one
honestly, tales of the crypt was scarier in the opening than the actual show
0All through the house
Part 2: Flutterrage kills them all.
11name?
/me brohoofs silvermane in the face 8D
Do they like, grease up wiry hyper students before the school year starts to get practice on rounding up squirmy kids in class?
what am Igonnado run like hell out of the class though teacher knows my name
/me bucks Thetrollside for hitting Silvermane
wait..
wat
Or worse, Pinkamena gets them.
haha
Yeah then show up the next day like nothing happens.
what are you talking about
yawn
no ed
it was a brohoof
0Luna All through the house
should sleep...
just to the face]
/me apologizes for breaking TheTrollSide's leg with his beautiful, adamantium-boned face
They'll be like '...wait, wait what? It totally did', then you insist it didn't, and I think, maybe, the weird factor would win you over.
0MY HEAD PHONES
how u do brohoof?
Edwardnewgate, thanks for the protection
I am a Knight who says Ni
It's a long shot, but it's all I got.
Ni!
/me
11looks like it's not available :(
/me %o
Silvermane <3~~~
/me shoves edwardnewgate off a cliff, oops
/me 
/me is learned
0'^'
there is an alternative shirt that says "motherfacker" but idk loses some of the awesome
confound this DMCA. it deprives us of TV
/me is a pegasus, bitch
11any other?
/me explodes
man screw that.
/me laughs at this silliness
/me brohoofs Nittany_Tiger
/me returns brohoof.
Thank you.
/me questions why im fighting with another pegasus
welcome
http://www.yooouuutuuube.com/v/?width=192&height=120&yt=KhrteSZXFzM&flux=0&direction=rand
They should have made it say motherbucker, IMO
my little pony advertisement woot
we not watching animaniacs or something?
0Death of a salesmen
fuck unicorns and earth ponies D:<
11season?
Thetrollside, I'm a pegasus you know
hmmmmmm
0 5
That'd be a good option, yeah
I was just trying to help Silvermane, bro...
silver i made an exeption for you
Alright I'm gonna laugh when I get home after my moms gotten phone calls her 16 son was getting in trouble for wearing pony shirt
lol love you too
11>mfw only 3 seasons available
hahaha!
That'd be a weird phone call.
ugh
I've been working on my art today. I spent half the schoolday drawing one picture. I spent the next half noticing everything I fucked up on it. :[
Make a fuss over it! Say it's not 'cause the curse word, say it's 'cause they can't handle how awesome you are.
who controls what we watch?
keep watching or go re-play assasins creed 2 for the 3rd time
0Well that was a bust. Thanks anyway
OctaveSauce you do
Maybe I could make it into a rebelious statement
With your mind
Gasp!
0A random one will do, I guess
NOOOO
everyone would be like look out for that kid wearing ponies hes fucking crazy(awesome)
This vid is full of WIN! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8djg8H0yzM
Now we'll see nothing but naked Silvermanes, if Octavesauce controls the screen
Sathi, read us a good clopfic
^
:I
agreed
pwease~~~~
:)
0yay~
/me ties a cinder block to edwardnewgate and shoves him off a cliff, again i know im unoriginal
/me is fucked
/me catches him
0Oh! Extra yay~
WHAT THE SHIT IS THIS
We need to watch Beavis and Butthead.
/me brohoofs silvermane
then you go right the hell with him silver
0TALES FROM THE CRYPT
A DOLL. NOT A DOLLNOTADOLLNOTADOLLNOTADOLL
/me thanks Silver
Man, I almost knocked my retarded ass out at the gym today.
0His laughter is why children cry
Thetrollside, i'm a strong one
/me just shoots one of silvermanes wings, problem?
nice title
0herospirit yfw there is a dummy episode
Drop the bar on yourself.. I do that alot
well fuck
@likelymeter that Herospirit just pissed himself
0I would have suggested
6 that Herospirit just pissed himself is 39% likely. (1524)
We were running a drill that has some kicks, and I was holding Thai pads, which are thick pads that go on the underside of your wrists so people can run kicking drills.
i dare say i've been perforated
My attention waned for a split second, and I didn't have a grip on the pad, guy kicked, and my knuckle hit me right in the nose.
Made me dizzy.
@deadmeter silvermane
6 silvermane is 10% dead. (1525)
@pony Pony that gets revenge on Thetrollside for Edward and Silver
6 Pony that gets revenge on Thetrollside for Edward and Silver is 6Twilight Spa13rk6le
What is this? o:
0Don't shoot people
@wetmeter Herospirit's pair of pants
That when you returned fire?
11a x-mas carol
6 Herospirit's pair of pants is 59% wet. (1526)
11:D
0Tales from the Crypt
We were just running a drill, not timing.
I need new pants
:[
Oooo~
ok so i fight princess celestias student?
yay
/me 11hums with the x-mas music
@pony the pony who delivers the pants
6 the pony who delivers the pants is 5Snai10ls
she dies then celestia
/me bounces off a wall. "I need a bandaid"
Thetrollside: no silly, you get slaughtered by her!
not many active chatters on today
Thanks, Snails.
OH NO
no
He's a Scrooge!
Yeah it's quiet.
0Oshit
not that many
/me equips new pants
YEHS.
@shotintheheadmeter GGgala
6 GGgala is 90% shotinthehead. (1527)
I'm watching the Holy Grail
woop
ded
HOLY FUCK
ow. *bleeds out*
i thought this wa sa kids show
Great now I have to watch it
You're pulling the wrong way.
i didn't realize that this was... an adult show
I'm not doing a damn thing.
Hahaha, so did I Silvermane
That was surprising
me neither
OH SHI-
oh
thought it was a zombie
Killing dad while kid's at home.
Well I was thinking of finding fanfic but I lost interest somehow
There's so much productive shit I could be doing right now, instead I'm sitting down, too knackered to refill my water bottle or put my dishes in the sink. I'm what they call a winner.
>Joseph
You didn't know tales from the crypt was a kids show?
Message for you sir!
like a BAWS
>on Xmas
Gee Spin maybe that's because most fanfics are rubbish.
EdwardNewgate, haven't seen it in YEARS
There's a reason why some people are paid to write and most people aren't.
last i saw of it was a Simpson's parody
well I read up to the latest chapter of Fallout Equestria which was pretty good
/me 11is trying to recall when this was on tv
90's prob
but holy hell it was long
So what makes Fallout Equestria so good?
0RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: This story along with the other first three episodes were together as film.
Fanfics run a very thing Sturgeon's Law.
I hear alot about it but I haven't taken the time to read it yet.
thin*
>leaves murder admission on answering machine
lol
im expecting him to go zombie
Ni
no, it was inconspicuous
present'wrapped, tick it under the tree!
Mommy, why are you carrying Joseph?
I'm expecting Santa to come fuck her shit up
*stick
Ni! Ni! Ni!
Mommy, why does Joseph have a hole in his head?
Two? Two two two?
He's gonna shove some coal up her ass
0*Thump*
wow she is a pro
No. I'm a Knight who says Ni.
Ni!
this is a classic internet thing
http://www.yooouuutuuube.com/v/?width=192&height=120&yt=pAwR6w2TgxY&flux=0&direction=rand
Ni is Japanese for two.
/me stares at ny gun and then at twilight sparkle......
I know.
Ekki-Ekki-Ekki-Ekki-PTANG. Zoom-Boing. Z'nourrwringmm.
Ni! Ni! Ni! Ni! Ni!
Foreshadowing?
>Pleasantville
11hehe
11that name
I love these things
wait
Are you saying "ni" at that pony?
killing men or women?
well shit, she's locked outside
I only know that 'cause I've been playing FFXI forever and there some spells that have the suffix Ichi, Ni, and San.
woman
a man, killing women
ah, so Santa is a serial killer
olol
I wish I didn't fucking curse so much
0Well well well
I know most of the numbers. I remember all of them from my LOTE classes.
Parchment_Scroll: No, he's doing this http://xkcd.com/16/
KNEW IT
Oh hi Razyn
of course
he should have suffocated by now
I used to be pretty into anime so I know random things in Japanese
Ichi, Ni, San, Shi(Yon), Go, Roku, Nana(Shichi), Hachi, Kyuu, Juu.
11okay that creeped me out
11lol
I have taste so I never really got into Japanese.
0Hi Eddy. I've been here for a while~
:D I love that XKCD, but I will quote anyway, Randall be damned.
Japanese animation*
OH SHI- axe is gone :O
it's santa, come to fuck your shit up
i just noticed my stats quote, that makes me happy.
I didn't notice, I'm doing some other stuffs right now
looks like /she/ made the naughty list this year!
XKCD ftw.
11Santa!
Nyeh?
Everything makes you happy Octavia I'm beginning wonder if how you keep getting those meds from the doc.
hey there
sans the random if in that sentence.
"eve: multiplayer spreadsheet."
Ni
IS there any way they can both die?
wow this is some dark shit\
I'm awake again...
0What's this thing called, Luna? It's a site, right?
... was that an insult of anime?
he gets in through the little girls window
11what thing?
0Silvermane inorite?
I am Tim..
You better not breathe,
you better not move.
HA
You're better off dead,
Greetings Tim the Enchanter!
I'm telling you dude,
Santa Claus is gunning you down!
lol[
Yea anime's rubbish and I think most people like it 'cause it has the 'anime' tag attached to it, not because they're well made films and shows.
SANTA CLAUSE IS COMING
TO TOWN.
0The streaming service, Luna. it was x and some other letters
11xbmc
Aww.
I was slue.
slow.
Hey...
Slueslow.
I like anime...
silver are you sure nobody can rename to trollestia? 8D
I beg to differ I've found plenty of good shows
Anime is just as much hit and miss as anything else.
never said they couldn't
Pizzicato, 'if you cant say anything good, dont say anything at all', i tend to follow this within reason.
There are some crap ones but it was better then what was on TV...
i didnt mean you
dman it
Yeah what Coconutswallow said.
So guys
I do not have a stats quote yet. :(
go watch Highschool of the dead and call that rubbish shows the shit
Imagine the worst you've ever been in trouble
And look at this
http://i.imgur.com/87LHd.jpg
But there's a huge contingent of people who like anime just 'cause it's from Japan.
drat, it;s claimed
Daz it!
nick Silvermane
FINISH HIM!
Oh, oh Plorf. That looks brutal.
someone accidentally nasa
Well there are those. But there's also a lot of people who like things cause they have ponies in them....
I would rather see Luffy punch the crap out of a SeaKing then watch a fat guy eat on TV...
-->Don't turn your back on the body
so hate those people not the show
11pro tip ^
*shows
HUH?
0Renames. Renames everywhere.
Is she STUPID?
/me is known as Nittany_Tiger
YOU CAN BLAME YOUR HUSBAND'S DEATH ON THE SANTA.
@Spin: HSOTD is fun, yeah. A bit weird with the "hey, I used to draw hentai so here's some tits oh by the way decaying zombies" but fun.
ive been here 6 times but idk how to change names :/
11btw this will be my last show
AREYOUDUCKINGSERIOUS???
Seriously, just wipe your prints off and put it in his hands
SILVER
WHY
It's not that hard
Sigh...
what?
haha ya that is true
11for tonight
I feel Dizzy...
Thetrollside, what do you need?
not silverMANE
i mean luna
oh no the kid...
That's not as fun when Rainbro is not here
She'll see the dead santa...
Q_Q
What? behind the rabbit?
It is the rabbit!
My name is Cracky and now I Crack off!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is like, the PERFECT way to get away with murder.
11god this show is dark
