0that was the description end for Better Potin
why do you apply if your not sure :S
?
ewwww Dari, cover your mouth when you sneeze
god, it's all over me now
0lol, Val
:P
Sounds hot
lol dari
you know it baby ;)
0i just can't bring myself to hate you ValtheJean. you make me laugh too much
I like the taste of your body Dari
Silvermane: <3
0plus, i'm a brony, and i know no hate.
0EXCEPT FOR SNAKES
what?
0inb4 boss fight
/me is LONG NECK REACTION GUY right now.
you hate adorable little snakes? :(
ohai AE ;3
LOL
hi Angel
I'd still hit it
0RobotPinkie, i was talking in-character for the show. everypony is afraid of snakes
blarg
^
0lol EdwardNewgate
looks like I've gotta get packing now
0i personally love snakes
13o-o
02<Nick> the vids alone is impossible to watch!
02Nah, I'm used to the bullet hell thing
02BUT IN THIS TOUHOU
02DEATHBOMBING IS IMPOSSIBRUUUU
13ohai :3
I have to take of lads
have a good time, and enjoy DURRRRRRRGARRRRRRR
well afraid and hate don't have to go hand in hand
bye Val
0peace valtheJean
;o
and in the event I don't come on later, have a good Monday and Tuesday
13:D
later ValtheJean
aw bai ValtheJean
later all
Did AE change IP/Locations?
inb4 Dari x ValtheJean
02Angel teach me how to deathbomb in MoF
02;AAAAA;
MWAHAHAHAHAH
0too late
Bye Val.
13I can't teach you LOL
13You have to learn to adapt like I did
Huh SilverMane?
02;AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA;
13aka Bomb before the bullet actually hits you
/me cries
13and if you feel pressured, don't hold back on using a bomb
'sup Hipster_Brony
13because bombs are supplied by your power level
13so you can easily regain it back
Ohai Hipster
02But here is the point
o hai ponies
02I only used bombs in Deathbombing
0Vehrn makes this battle pathetic
When will we play requests dari?
02So...
02;A;
13Yep, so did I
Sup Hipster_Brony
Rayngel
13That's why I said you have to ADAPT
/me runs
0watch as he hits for like 500 damage
Also, >posting the events in a more timely manner
02+ I rush to much D:
12!Shipping
0well, 424 is what it would have been
13Once you learn to use bombs outside of deathbombing-only, it'll really help you in the long run even with other games :3
...we do it within 24 hours of PICKING THE MOVIES
Oo
12._.
yfw
13!espeon
0on the party
I'm not too impressed either, seems like the guy decided "eh, maybe I'll apply. I don't really want the job"
Do you have any previous IRC experience?
0just choose a party member
02In the first 5 stages I NEVER go at the bottom of the screen
0it protects them from magic
0so whoever is weakest against magic
02and that is followed by silly mistakes
i'll just wrap it up
inb4 Dari plays requests,but i'll still post my request.
this is a no for me
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJEEy2IKOI8&feature=mfu_in_order&list=UL
02So.. ;A; x 2
Yeah, no for me as well
13That's kinda your own fault then :P
02Anyways, bbl :\
He doesn't seem to really want it
13Don't stick to certain patterns if they're not working
0dark damage heals her
L4D2 FTW
exactly
13change how you play so you can get through it easier
02Yeah, I should
@nick thanks
02But it's easier said than done
0get some heals up in this bitch
02:\
13You should adapt naturally over time
0i suggest tossing a potion at mardek
02Anyways back in 2-4 hours
He's still gonna die
0for security reasons
Limited at best.Most place I frequent have some sort of server set but short of basic commands I am new to it.
o.o
ill wait til i read the chat log, but if its a dedication issue, he shouldnt be hired
13especially as the more times you play through the stages, you'll get to know the bullet patterns and how its set out
SECURITY?NOPE.
yfw someone dies
02Yeah ;-;
02Anyways Kthxbai
0she's got one last turn before she dies
06:3
This is sorta boring in my opinion.
bbl
inb4 Nopony cares
Mardek Y U NO DIE
I see
inb4 ponies
0plus Teste Cookies, and DUUURRRRRRRRGGGGGAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNNN
Banter from dari makes stuff fun.
inb4 Enema dies
Well, that concludes the first part of the interview, we're gonna move on to the second part of the interview now. I'm going to show you some images and I want you to tell me how you would respond as a mod if they were posted in the chat.
0lol enema
Are you ready?
Brohoof is back!
let me grab a drink =p
>mfw
I CHALLENGE ROBOTPINKEMENA TO RETURN.
>let me grab a drink
yes..
-_-;
0RobotPinkie, i like this plan
brb
You may fire when ready
brb myself
0Anne-Unn-Ah-Kai
yay!
Lol.
0pricne-dari, pronounced like ^
First image:
Anablableblu
show em your rage face
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/_images/b0888f66a008c11f490c79ec5656059f/26664%20-%20artist%3Aopalwhisker%20Cupcakes%20dexterous_hooves%20dress%20fanfic%20pinkie_pie.png
>yfw I always rename Red XIII to Nanaki in FF7
10yo
0RobotPinkie, just wait for the Red XIII character reference in chapter 3
0HELLO WAIFU
Ohai Karma RainBroDash.I was expecting you.
icantypemynam.com
...i cant even type NAME.
really, SilverMane ? u sure about that?
Cant say I would do much for that one cupcakes comes up frequently enough as it is.
0sure about what
back
Red XIII is like... my favorite FF character
Might warn people off of it if they asked where it comes from.
0he was an awesome char
0i loved having him in my party
Second image:
Awesome limit breaks, too
-_-;
0indeed
0healing AND combat? What's not to like
How's it going RainBroDash?
The answer to this one is ask for the sauce. =D
10not that bad, but I'm suffering from allergies atm
10shit sux
0go there and find out; i think there is a key item now though
0or at least a valuable item
0talk to people
0someone has an item somewhere... let me do some research
Yeah that would get a warning to not do that again. Noting too grafic but the peoples minds work connections could be made.
When i think zombies,i think L4D.
Third image:
HELP
OHGOD
Rudoph: All the ways you wish you could be, that's me. I look like you wanna look, I fuck like you wanna fuck, I am smart, capable, and most importantly, I am free in all the ways that you are not.
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/_images/39928ecc6ab5e77d15f055a6d2fdf935/26744%20-%20celestia%20Dear_Princess_Celestia%20kissing%20letter%20luna%20Nightmare_Moon%20shock%20wtf.png
10dari
10you're so shit
wow
>yfw I've had every single item possible + all enemy skills in FF7 on one playthrough
10LOL all that for 'I'm a woman!'
CAPTAIN OBVIOUS
10u so fail
standard shipping move along.
Fourth and final image:
I wub FF7
10bro u be getting trawled
http://www.ponychan.net/chan/collab/src/130115591169.jpg
I wub L4D.
0RobotPinkie, yfw i was about to get golden chocobo when my save file was erased by prick cousin
0Damage is normally more useful
FFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUU-
I'd be so pissed off
0but on Bosses, Poion is sexyful
?
This should be funny
I've had a ton of gold chocobos, though... Most of them on my most successful playthrough
had the entire stable filled with all gold chocobos :P
07I'm back
...he has to THINK about it is the funny part.
I already put my vote on the forums
...XD
+ some comments
0that's Final Fantasy
...wtf is wrong with people. Uh yeah would have to tell them not to post that.
Funny
0Chocobo is a giant yellow bird that will STOMP YO ASS
Like I said
lol
First one is hard as hell to get
0also, is fun to ride
funny yes
0yes, quite annoying
inb4 Riding
but once you figure out the quality of the chocobo doesn't matter so much...
I almost fell out of my chair.
Alright, that was the last part of the interview.
like excellent + excellent works, which it doesn't according to the Chocobo sage.
Do you have anything to add?
0you can wander off and find loot or push quest along or what not
He's such a fucking troll :P
"That's not nice : (, I'd send them an extra serious message with multiple frowney faces
And by "inb4 Riding",i meant "inb4 Somepony riding somepony",lulz.
I SUCK.
back
0sorry Pegacorn, i already did
0WOOT
and then everypony came
Would kinda like to know what sort of rules you have in place. So far as warnings and such.
0BJORNFOT'S GAME
Welcome to the funny hour
OHGOD
YES
I'm your host, Ghosties
IT IS
>mfw last comment
X_X
lolwut
"They sent me another image, but it was ridiculous so have some fluttershy instead."
>what rules do you have in place
colgate licking the screen
Look down below, you'll see "RULES' beside ABOUT US
RBD just came
that question gave me cancer
lol
hehe
and also above the chat window
0mfw Spike is not R34 able
0lol
Oh, Hip
Guess what
?
DE didn't show up...again
mfw This gets successful
what a surprise
its metal link all over again
Pretty much
Well
He hasn't emoted all over the main chat yet, but give him time
are the others R34able?
Ah I see, noting ever loaded last time I took a look but that was back at dinki
Please join our next regular BMN show as we will post further recruitment updates there.
If Bjornfot makes it so i'm in there,I WILL FLIP MY SHIT.
every thing has a rule 34
63 as well for that matter
Thank you, see you next BMN
ohai zombies
will do.
/me enters the room
oh hey
ohai Wrek
Well
That's over
ohai Wrek
Why is that image ridiculous
I'm hoping Octavia can knock it out of the park
I meant in game, though, Sumica
I actually find it fun
pretty sure he will
i have high hopes for octavia
0everyone is safe, dont' worry
0it's just a zombie invasion
Hip you forgot to vote :P
so far 1 no
EVERYPONY IS SAFE FROM THE CRAZY VIKING EXCEPT ME.
which was mine :P
just voted a second ago
I hope that it's not a clopgame...
ah there it is
Just voted
what crazy viking?
THE BJORNFORT
ah björnfot
nice guy
0lol
lol
that kick
You're swedish too, Wrek ?
inb4 Errypony trolls me about Bjornfort.
If you'll excuse me, I'll be back for Octavia's interview
take you logic somewhere else guy
guilty as charged
sure what do we do about DE?
Misstänkte det. :P
We wait
hehe
?
He'll either show up and explain the situation, or, in the worst case, he'll forget
I have around 9days of music
inb4 Dari trolls me
crazy viking gibberish
ok will put no-show behind his tag on the forums
What part of Sweden?
Hmm
And then the very worst case is that he'll emote all over the main chat about being late and how unfair we are
Västerbotten, Umeå
0it's a Geojacket
I never see any bronies here... or well, any obvious bronies. :P
0chest piece that i think absorbs earth
you?
missing 2 interviews, im not inclined to give him a third chance
Stockholm
RobotPinkie: I'm only here to brony up.
neither am I
0oh right, i just remembered the greatest reference in the game
12bbl
0one of the enemies drops a great item
0it's hilarious
Same here
Didn't we give Metal Link a third chance?
I'm only here because of ponies, but then dari started talking about DURRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGAN and I couldn't help myself...
yes, but that was because he had a legit excuse the first time, and he was a potential hub streamer
What's the item, SilverMane ?
Only things I am knowledgeable about are networks, anime and world of warcraft, most of which don't come up often in here
So I lurk
*shrugs*
Well, DE better have a doctor's note
0you'll see later on RobotPinkie
yes?
Okay :P
0Oh, there's also a key item (literal key) in the tainted grotto you missed
0use the map to find it
0it flashes yellow on the map, like chests
and I like anime and WoW.... or well, used to like WoW, don't have time for it anymore.
Well, that's a no from me, I'll vote on the forum.
hehe 4 noes :P
are those clopping sounds?
Says 5 on the forum
:P
RobotPinkie: I don't have time for it anymore but I raid about 8 hours a week with friends
I'm still around mostly for my guild's sakes
He's out
yes
so go in though the windows
Did we informed razyn yet?
0stop clopping to zombies
Ah okay, yeah I just raided in the end too. It was fun, but people were getting really obnoxious about making demands.
I have not updated his status, just like to be sure
0i get it
0and now i'm sad
this is lulz
UBER lulz
Like I wouldn't mind if I could just raid once a week and that's it, but then you have to find a relaxed enough guild :P
7This looks like pokemon :o
My guild is pretty fun times, I would've quit years ago if it wasn't for them
Yeah, we're that kind of a guild
7A wild Sathi appeared!
HEY!DOES ANYPONY KNOW WHAT THE HELL ROBOTPINKEMENA IS ABOUT?
0the GeoJacket and Key should be gotten now
fffffuuuuuu
0it's easiest for skill grinding, but not necessary
im gone
Wish I could join you guys. Would be fun to raid with a fellow brony.
0from Chapter 1
If you want to raid once a week you're fine, if you want to move on up the ranks, you have to commit to two nights a week
see you HB
im gonna miss the octavia interview probably
0Geojacket is the item the Shaman droppped; have to get it off her body
ill try and get back as soon as i can
0requires you to go back to her
0just don't forget
See ya
Right now school and work take up too much time during the week, though
/me throws a hacksaw at RobotPinkie in an effort to make RobotPinkemena appear.
0i wonder when MirthTinker/ReticentSmolder will get here. last time i wondered like that, they popped up RIGHT before i pressed enter
Kill it with fire?
Oh yeah, I don't blame you at all.
back
Be back later.
later Sumica
0if you hadn't killed him, that is
what'd i miss?
0not much Wrek
I started playing with friends, it became an obssession even after they left, so I found a guild, made other friends in there and that's the story
7lol they were poor
0he fought the World Saviors, killed the Shaman, and is now wandering into sewers
I probably would've been better off NOT playing it for starters but that's just the way things are
7not even cloth?
/me grabs hacksaw with his teeth
0there is a Silver Sword down here
0it makes you UBER Powerful against undead and dark critters
0i advise you do some fighting down here, you will want to start mastering skills and gaining levels
Heya Chime
0oh fuck
0Numb is the most bitch of a affliction you can get
05no I don't?
05Do it again angelcake :3c
/me already belongs to Espeon and Aurora, you thief D:
0well, for melee chars
0Silence is a bitch for casters
/me goes looking for his Morrowind CDs
07How come 2 peoplez?
13:3
/me hugg
/me 0can't wait for Skyrim
Morrowind sucks
Trolololo
0Morrowind was a great game. but i can't play it anymore, i'm spoiled
0Oblivion
trolololo
Dash is awesome.
0Motion Potion cures numb
0oh, you see that button next to the trash can?
God, why do you keep saying that. It's OBVIOUS Matt Smith is the greatest thing to bless the universe with his presence
Skyrim looks awesome, though
4You're all a bunch of pansies, I've first played Morrorwind and loved it. Moved on to Oblivion and poured hours into it, and then went back to Morrowind. It's simple, and Morrowind is sooooooo much better
0hit it
0it sorts the current characters inventory
13Pattyrick, there's Espeon for obvious reasons, and Aurora because she seems to own espeons in general :P
Oblivion > Morrowind
With what they've learned from Oblivion and Fallout 3, Skyrim will probably be awesome
U mad Ghosties?
4Not mad at all, but your preference is worse than my preference :)
0Morrowind has a better equipment system, but it just isn't fun for me
0it's more realistic though, on exhaustion and mana usage etc
Oblivion had crap levelling, that's my big problem.
4Morrowind actually didn't have scaling, which is one of Oblivion's worst problems
It was also a bit too simplified
0scaling allowed me to return to dungeons later though, whcih i loved
played some morrowind at a frined, liekd it but never saw it again, got oblivion, poured tons of hours into it. got stuck with other shit
4Also, there was an element of discovery in Morrowind that Oblivion totally lacked
0since i had been EVERYWHERE by level 12
Eh, I can see why you'd enjoy Oblivion more, just not my cup of tea.
0same for morrowind. just depends on your style.
0although I will say i liked how everything had value in morrowind
I want a game that can be punishingly difficult if you go to the wrong place
0sucks that i can't sell everything i steal in oblivion
4Yep
4And Morrowind is that game
DAMNIT WHY WON'T ROBOTPINKEMENA SHOW UP?!
0Demon's Souls is brutal if you screw up
besides, how does that vendor in burma know i stole this silver pitcher in anvil >:O
Oh yeah, I love Demon's Souls...
0can't wait for Dark Souls, in octover
It's not as difficult as people say, though
>MFW I poured hours and hours of my time into Civ5 and don't remember anything that happened in my life from May till July
4I cannot wait for Skyrim though
4So fucking amped for Skyrim
0November is going to be expensive
07ok
0fucking everythign is coming out then
most bosses in Demon's Souls are ridiculously easy once you know what to do
only exception I've found really... Flame Lurker...
0true RobotPinkie, although sometimes the strategy involved requires perfection
07She's one of Northern California's biggest Espeon distributers
wow
0took me around 40 tries to beat the last boss and Flame Lurker
0those fuckers just DONT DIE
haven't finished the game yet :P
the law is so silly sometimes
while on the topic of games, who here have played Dungeon keeper 2?
0the last boss had me in tears
I've played a little bit of it.
7I did
0I played Dungeon Keeper 1 and teh expansion
I went to the brooklyn brewery website and I had to confirm I was of legal drinking age to ENTER THE WEBSITE >.>
4November will be month to spend money on: Skyrim, Saints Row the Third
0Motion Potion cures Numb, dari
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9eGtyqz4gY
I've finished like... everything but two demons, so presumably the final boss is after that
>Modern Warfare 3
Discuss
0RobotPinkie, did you kill the old king? behind locked door in zone 1-1?
0nah
0trololol
4Nah
4No thanks
no idea, you mean after the second dragon, SilverMane ?
0RobotPinkie, there is a key you can get to unlock a door in the 1-1 zone, where the first red knight was
0oh good
Hi all, again
its a neat little time sink
ahhh, no
AllisZero: Hooker of the FPS genre. End of discussion.
I guess there's another demon in world 1, then
0now you can use remove taint
0RobotPinkie, he's non-aggro
0but he will woop your ass if you aren't careful
Hey.
Nittany_Tiger_: Touche
I'll see soon, hopefully, SilverMane
Only getting skyrim adn Deus Ex myself
Welcome Octavia
Great game that's now being pimped out by Activision.
Thanks. :)
Actually that makes surprisingly good sense. You play it for a while, have your fun, but it's not marriage-worthy
only games I'm getting this fall are Splinter Cell Trilogy and Team ICO Collection :P
0Skyrim, Deus Ex, Uncharted 3, MW3, book 4 of the Inheritance Cycle...
10yo
Yeah.
I'm holding off on the rest until they drop in price
0hello waifu
/me is a cheap bastard
Octavia, I'm just going to ask you a series of questions for the first part of the interview and I want you to answer them to the best of your ability.
Alright.
as am I
Do you have any questions before we start?
Hurray for E3 sale and being able to pre-order everything at $20 off. :)
Not that I can think of.
It'll take forever for some titles to drop in price.
Yo RBD http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-lMa6RX1G-fM/TlD3yPbUPSI/AAAAAAAAK0s/znhn4P6iRzM/s1600/colgatelick_by_colgatefim-d475u5e.png
06xD
/me already belongs to you, silly :3
0Zombie is an affliction on party members, not the same as Zombies
06:3
lololol
How did you hear about us?
0dammit RobotPinkie, that had fallout on others you know
0Antibody is more rare, use that
Hello Octavia
Believe it was EqD a while back.
0takes longer too
Hey Ghosties
fallout on others?
0like me. HHHNNNNNNGGGGGGGGG
Haha
I see. How many movienights have you attended so far?
0i love the pointless bridge maze
Hey
and well, it might take 6 months for them to get in my price range, but it'll still be the same games :P
0hey DE
OHGOD ROBOTPINKIE
Ghosties, I am here to say I may be a BIT late...
Don't go to bed!
:p
I have something important I need to get done first.
Think its been at least half a dozen or so.
0where is bjornfot? we need to regale him with praise for his game being mentioned on EQD again
But I WILL be there, it may take 1-15 minutes though.
RobotPinkie, they may infact be better games by the time you get them. :p
Do you have any experience with moderating?
05Espeon
05hi
07awww, I gtg D=
05cya :c
only game I've bought NEW new in the last year is Portal 2
07Goodnight, everybody =D
06gnite pats
and that's because I got a bundle with Orange Box for $50
Accidentally closed the wrong tab :C
In the last year?
Yes. Many forums, some chats. Can't recall if I've moderated on IRC before however. Maybe a long long time ago.
Hmm...
0use that on him
Oh wait, you've only bought one game NEW in the last year?
I buy everything new.
0it's greenish? i think?
well I've bought several games new and shrink wrapped
Wow you've been busy!
I mean close to release
Okay.
4Denied_Existence, PM
Well, I guess I got Sly Trilogy fairly close to release too
What can you do that would set you apart from other applicants?
But in the past year not sure what all I've bought.
0well, Mardek is a caster for now then
but that was like $30, not the same as getting a NEW game
0oooo the Sly cooper trilogy, not bad
In other words what would you contribute to the team if we would hire you?
I think Civ5 still falls in the last year.
I wub the Sly games
As in ideas, thoughts, plans; try to think outside of the box. But don't forget to showcase your abilities
0i'm waiting for them to remake the original Spyro Trilogy or something
0I don't understand how Insomniac could give up that title
Might not happen
0but at least they gave us Ratchet
Yeah that would be awesome.
The original trilogy were made by Insomniac
0yeah
0we'll never see classic spyro again
oh and I got the Tomb Raider Trilogy for like... $20 or something
I don't see Insomniac giving whatever company owns Spyro the go ahead to remake them, especially if it's Activision
0neither do i, barry
That would be even more true if this new idea flops
0cest' la vie
0or w/e it's spelled
Activision ruins everything. The game is going to flop and the developers fired.
4Dari, correct me if I'm wrong, but, you said this was a flash game?
0it is Ghosties
Hmm, tough question. Well, I think I'm a pretty decent moderator. I'm pretty dutiful. Outside of moderation. Well, I'd like to say I could help with the site. But its also been a good little while since I've done that as well. I'm good with promotion and networking.
0http://fighunter.wikia.com/wiki/Fig_Hunter_Wiki
4So, you can't download it?
0that has all the info on the game, although much of it is spoiler
4How long would you say it is?
Trying to think of anything else.
0Chapter 1: 1-3 hours
Take your time
0Chapter 2: 8-18 hours
Networking, could you explain that?
0Chapter 3: 25-60+ hours
4Jesus
0all made by one guy, music, graphics, engine and all
4I'm impressed, if not wary
0he is highly lauded for his technical skills and creativity
0fighunter.com is his site
Oh, simply networking with people and places.
To anwser your question SilverMane,i have no idea where Bjornfot is.
Nittany_Tiger: And then Activision will sell Spyro to the highest bidder
Any other abilities you like to showcase to us?
0okay Pegacorn
4Something about it being a flash game...
0Barry, i hope someone worth their salt buys it up. Spyro is... one of those titles that needs to be saved
yeah. What about Crash Bandicoot?
0Ghosties, it's good enough that I'd buy the trilogy for full price if it wasn't free already
0I loved Crash Bandicoot. until everything after 3 came out
This site doesn't recognize bandicoot as a real english word
0 10 minute loading screens killed it for me
Besides website stuff, which I would have to rebrush up on, I'm not coming up with anything else that would be of vital use. Not sure if I could host a stream or not. I've not tried it yet.
0really? isn't it an animal?
06aerooooo
06hai
exactly
it is
hi Lighty!
Would you be willing to test your mbps?
but this site doesn't recognize it
Sure. One sec.
Ghosties, give me 10
minutes
anyway, 10 minute loading screens kill anything their in
they're*
Might be slightly slow right now though, my roommate is here and watching Netflix.
brb,gotta do my chores.
That's why Zelda is so loved
no loading screens
one of the reasons, anyway
They've always found some way around them
hi lightly
0oh, that Elwyen char is 14 in chapter 2, but 17 in chapter 3. And she's a total nympho
10 minute loading screens, bad memories of Dragon Age. :/
0as in Elwyen, the Siren Nymph
Hi Elvis
HE LIVES!
0she's got quite the name
....she does
Yeah, it's at 0.95mbps down and 0.50mbps up
06xD
Perhaps when you have the internet all to yourself you'll get better speeds
I'll admit, his Netflix bogs down the network a bit when hes using it. And I'm on DSL
06thank you very much
Most likely.
Walking through sewers, listening to Harmony of a Hunter.
I game online and all alright.
0oh, who was it who loves Red XIII?
Works surprisingly well
I also see Napoleon sometimes
or "Bob", that's a good simple name
can you run a test on speedtest.net when you have the internet all for yourself?
I wub Red XIII
0or Nanaki as it were
Sure.
0go to this link
0http://fighunter.wikia.com/wiki/Solaar
I tried both Speedtest and Speakeasy and they both we're telling me about the same.
0it's spoilerful
0use Remove taint on durrrgan
I'm moving in the near future as well and hope to have faster internet then.
Oooh
Do you specific ideas do you have any specific ideas to improve Brony Movie Night and help us increase viewership?
bah
sorry
I usually have cable, but DSL was all there was here.
0Xe is an awesome character. I love Xyr
Sorry for what?
As for improving.
Do you have any specific ideas to help us improve Brony Movie Night and help us increase viewership?
0cuz xe is androginous species
0and i can'ts pell today
I was editing my question and hit enter
Ah, alright.
Have to give part 3 a shot, at least, then
0lol
0it's best if you beat chapters 1 and 2 first, so you can carry over skills and gear
not sure when I'll have time, is my problem :P
I think you're doing pretty good so far. The site could use a little bit of an overhaul. You get a shout out on EqD, so that's really good. The more places you plug, the better of course.
I'm not used to this "Mibbit", but it seems to work well. Kinda wish the video had a pop out window option, but not sure anything could really be done about that.
OK, i am here....
0oh good
0yfw you find Double AP passive skill for first time
hey Denied_Existence
0lol Poor Goblin, opposite of snobbish goblin
Ghosties, I am here now REALLY sorry about that.
I know you have events here and there and that's really cool. I would have suggested that if you didn't already do it. :P
I had some rather bad news
6What ideas do you have for the site overhaul you mention?
0Snee
I'm back.
0you alright DE?
Yeah, family matters, my Step-Grandfather is back in the hospital
0mmm, sorry to hear the Denied_Existance
Could use a bit of sprucing up I think. Snazzy banner, easy and fun layout. All the usual things. Not sure if I could help on that though or not.
6I assume you're looking at the dinkypage site.
I've only got limited experience setting up websites.
Ohai Denied_Existence
yeah, sorry to hear that :(
how is the octavia interview going?
Well enough.
Actually, I'm still on the other one. I forgot the dinkysite page got restored.
I'm pleased so far yes
0Rings of Stat are usually junk. don't bother for the most part unless you REALLY need that stat
ok, cool, anything notable
?
Oo >thinks the bronystate.co.cc needs an overhaul
http://nebelfuchs.com/photos/cards/tally_ho_blue_fanback_01.png
hey Dari, can you get rid of +N mode?
Since you keep saying it, dari
i gotta go soon, just checking in
thanks dari.
0lol Robot Pinkie
do we need that outside of movie night though?
0Zombies Zombies everywhere, and not a brain to eat
I'm done with followup for the moment, Sathi.
0mfw dat sexy game article
?
ok
moving on
God damn it, why did I have to end up with Action Hank's beard
which article?
about the dating sim
Though they both look the same to me. Is there a big difference in structure I'm missing?
Bjornfot's dating sim?
oh that. *checks EqD*
Yeah
If the writing is good, I'll play the Non-R version
/me puts an extra straightjacket on Insane_Lugia
I'm wondering just how risqué it's going to get...
0Aalia Kitregis El-Aureliae
0that's the name of that one LOL speaking priestess
You are shitting me...
6There's slight asthetic differences in the layout.
0RobotPinkie, it's going to have a date-version and sex-version
0full 34, except for Spike
I'm noticing the buttons at the top are different.
...wow
After octavia DE gets his third and last chance
I guess I should've known
That should be it for today then
OR COURSE!
I've played thru most of Monster Girl Quest
yes
Also, can we move on in the interview or is this necessary :P
I think we're getting off topic
The co.cc page was our fallback during the dinkysite downtime.
FiM dating sim isn't much compared to that, except, of course, the corruption of adorable and lovable characters
Sorry, actually backspaced there.
Tell me: Why do you want to be a BMN moderator?
*accidentially
I kinda wish they wouldn't, tbh... but oh well.
no idea GGgala
I thought the image was cute
It's the Colgate pic that's in the article, I believe
probably
He justs didn't want to put that as the story image
*rereads* oh, yeah.
sexy colgate
lol
!fart
LOL!
XD
I know. I was surprised when the dinkypage was suddenly gone. And just to help out primarily. I have a good time here chatting and taking part in the movie nights. Figure why not help out if I'm needed as well?
o.o
It's gonna bring a whole new meaning to "brushie brushie Colgate," I'm sure...
06RTOLOLOL
13o_o
I see
06random nicksf
06ftw
oh lawd
Colgate?I brush my teeth with that!
i can just imagine what horrible shit Bjornfot will do with her
13If that script ever uses my nick I'll shoot someone :B
/me runs
so, if you play that game, who are you going to focus on? assuming no harem mode
06try it sooo many times than
I honestly wanted to hear the ideas, and what was being criticized.
Silvermare: presumably there's an adventure plot? explaining your lost memories?
I think that concludes the first part of the interview, we're gonna move on to the second part of the interview now.
But you guys were just talking about the differences between our two pages
It's good to get the opinions of others.
!fart
Alright.
lolz
PARANOID SPYCHECK!
hmm, would be ineresting GGgala
/me shoots RobotPinkie
Haah
it sure is
If he becomes mod then you may continue the conversation as needed. But we've got another interviewee waiting
For like, two seconds, because that's where it went. But whatevs.
Um... I don't think I will play it. I mean no offence, I just don't think that's a very good thing to even feature on EQD, it's kind of the face of the community.
I think Wrek will have some good idea's aswell
And we've got a half hour before they're starting time, Ghosties.
I'm going to show you some images and I want you to tell me how you would respond as a mod if they were posted in the chat.
Actually
true, but the fact that there is the non-34 version is probably why they can even do that
Okay.
More like two hours late
So
That's just me, though, and I don't call the shots. :P
First image:
i'd rather it be word-of-mouth, but at least it's getting out there
...then he can wait.
=P
examine the earwax!
look at it's description
If he can hold us up, we can hold him up.
>>;
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/_images/b0888f66a008c11f490c79ec5656059f/26664%20-%20artist%3Aopalwhisker%20Cupcakes%20dexterous_hooves%20dress%20fanfic%20pinkie_pie.png
Doesn't EQD feature adult fanfics too from time to time though?
All I'm saying is that Octavia has been interviewed for more than thirty minutes and we have yet to proceed to the images portion of the test >_>
Nope Allis.
yeah, the extreme shipping compilations occasionally
Hmm, shock value image. Think that would be against the rules.
an interview normally takes around an hour
Gotcha
Not when I do it
:P
at least that the time I calculate :P
in my planning
whenever they compile those stories
I think it avoids clopfics, but I mean there's grimdark and stuff like that.
the dedicated-post stories are still borderline and suggestive only
I like to be swift
PANCAKES.
Plus, its Cupcakes. Which many people are uneasy about.
Second image:
but yeah, the shipping compilations are a slip-past-the-radar
WAFFLES
*pats*
meh, 'Spread Your Wings and Hers' was full blown clopfic and it was in one of the comps
:D
?
Hey
I'm not a dog...
The title alone sounds suggestive lul
PANCAKES
Meraeador Dunsin Fa-Doch
PANCAKES
No your not, but I do like to take the time. Maybe something interesting occurs during an interview
I dunno
Maybe...
HOH GOD WHY
Donovan Gonoru Fa-Alregis
+ in the meantime I can multitask on the forums
lol Hmm. Well, it's not technically showing anything. But it does seem to be Rule 34 material.
"tasty tasty *what*"?
I dun geddit dari.
I dunno, I think he should avoid them completely, but oh well.
WHY DID NOBODY TOLD ME THE QUESTIONABLE PICS ON PONIBOORU WERE >THAT<
Emela Andra Wu-Jardu
Which is against the rules.
06!shipping
06.w.
dat syrup
13!shipping
i simply love these names
!Umbreon
PANCAKES
:3
Third image:
mfw fight in front of chest
PANCAKES
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/_images/39928ecc6ab5e77d15f055a6d2fdf935/26744%20-%20celestia%20Dear_Princess_Celestia%20kissing%20letter%20luna%20Nightmare_Moon%20shock%20wtf.png
06!shipping
*cough*ineedgmod*cough*
>no real ruling on what they'd do about it...
Zach Ursus Ae-Jarino
PARANOID PEGACHECK!
RAMIREZ!
/me stabs Pegacorn in the back
OW
Sslen'ck Ea-Sslenal
pronounce THAT name
RAMIREZ!GET OVER HERE AND HEAL ME!
/me eats a cookie as he walks off into the sunset
Hmm, close one. Though it's not really sexual. It's shipping. Not sure if that would qualify under shock value.
RAMIREZ! KILL THOSE ZOMBIES WITH THIS HOTDOG
Fourth and final image:
/me shoots a rocket at RobotPinkie
http://www.ponychan.net/chan/collab/src/130115591169.jpg
/me "I'm a poooooor lonesome cowbooooooooooy"
lol RobotPinkie
who can pronounce this name V
Sslen'ck Ea-Sslenal
paste fail
Okay, thats gore. And Cupcakes-ralated. Also a shock value piece. I'd say that would be against the rules.
RAMIREZ!FIGHT DA POWAH!
it's a lizard man
it's designed to be pronounced by snakes
And what would you do?
What would you do as a moderator?
10 points to robotpinkie
6For clarification purposes, could you tell me what you would do for all four?
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
YOU BASTARD!
Deugan Selmae Eh-Deredu
aka DURRRRGAAANNN
/me watches as Spiderman leaves the orphanage yelling, "FUCK NOT ANOTHER ORPHANAGE".
lol
6On a no action/verbal warning/kick warning/ban scale?
Alliszero, i've seen that one
/me pokerfaces as the police arrives
Some of those are funny
lol giant bath
Alright. Well, for the last one, I'd take it down and ask the person to please not post anything against the rules such as gore, shock value images, etc. I never ban first thing. But it would be a verbal warning.
I'll add your follow ups to the interview format
Ah balls, I need to reflash my phone with a new ROM
gods, the random nick hilight scripts..
...AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH
...why?
They're not part of the format?
They're part of something Octavia actually said needed improving upon.
30 FLIGHTS O' GODDAWM STAIRS.
Muriance Pharezos Ae-Bross
NO! NOT THE ORPHANS!
Ohai
Danarius Vellamessantine
DIE N
Also, >yfw nopony is ever strict enough
i think he forgot a space or 2 in that last name
I used to be an orphan, you jive ass sucka!
Never T_T
Vehrn Juonour El-Ganobyi
not yet no.. the clarification questions i'll add if we do not get the answers we desire
Bartholio Strongarm El-Mars
Akhmed Wobblescimitare
Ohai Black_Dynamite
dat song
Wow, unexpected turns of events, here
Who is playing?
Miserable ol' Martin
We don't really need to, Sathi... that's like, the purpose of having multiple people here to do follow-up.
best name in the game
ok
I won't
I could understand if only one of us was here, but there's always a few of us watching the interview.
At least that's pronounceable, Silvermare :P
DY NO MITE
Annoyong
For the last one, if the chat seemed to be offended by it, I'd take it down. It doesn't go overboard to me, but I know it would make some uncomfortable. Trixie and Twis mom I would probably take down for leaning toward sexualness. First I would do the same as the last for, under shock value.
DY NO MITE
DIE NO MITE
derp
not always.. I did some interviews all by myself :P
it's a Hitchhikers Guide reference, RobotPinkie
and is even funnier when you see who he is
Odd, cut off some of my sentences.
Oh, HAHA.
Who is playing the game?
If you can figure out how to put it in the interview format without it cluttering it up, I'm fine with it. I just really dislike disorganization.
The robot.
XD
Haven't read that in a looooong time
So what are you saying for the final picture?
Not for the last one, second to last one I meant. If it offended, I'd take it down.
(*) (**)
o,i
DY NO MITE
not all items in here are in chests
DY NO MITE
same I did with the abilities question
Fail
use your map to find everythin
good night everyone
Okay then.
/me hasn't had a chance to look at it all yet
Final picture I would take down and issue a verbal warning to not post anything gore-related or shock images.
T_______________________T
Braeburn voice for Brohoof!
/me cries softly
.,.
06EVERYTIME I TYPE PANTS, I DISCONNECT
but but..
Lol
Prince Blueblood voice for DURRRRRRRRRRRRRGAN!
What is wrong with people
we can work on that though
I WEAR MY SUNGLASSES AT NIGHT
he did really well during the interview
Despite all the fail in the image section, I feel inclined to hire him
If they did it again I would kick. And of course, if they did it, yet again, it would be a ban.
yes exactly
ohai Edward
>plot items
y halo thar
06someone try ! pants
You will now think of that whenever you open your inventory
Ah fuck, missed that.
That was the last part of the interview
If only because he's well spoken, punctual, and has plenty of experience modding...or is supposed to have experience modding, that image test was not well reflected on his word
he did it a week ago
uhhh.....
Do you have anything to add?
when he started chapter 1
wtf..?
I wasn't there :(
What?
13LOL
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=iv&v=LcmBALxDkRY&annotation_id=annotation_491053
ah. i know that feel
yfw you watch that vid
true
So, what do we do?
Sprinkles?
/cycle ftw
What do you think?
06you
Lolwut
06gotta
06be
06ff
>yfw I already have :P
06kidding me
how did that happen?
13I'm assuming that's what the script does when someone triggers it >>;
06if you type ! pants
06you disconnect
mfw It's still awesome
No
level 10? Wow, slow grind.
You cycle
13and it makes your quit message "brb putting on pants"
06who invented that?!
RobotPinkie, it takes 1000xcurrent level in exp to level up
The initial application as well as the first half of the interview was good.
Not that I can think of. Images can be a tough call, I know that. Since there are varying degrees of what people consider to be "over the line". What offends some might be fine for others. So you simply have to try and figure out if its too much or not. I try and evaluate them as closely as possible though to conclude if theyre over the line or not.
odd....
so it's a taken script
06>.<
The second half of the interview just shows they need to be a bit more strict and work on their IRC knowledge.
It's like /cycle or /hop
@pony Silvermare's indisputable waifu for all eternity
6 Silvermare's indisputable waifu for all eternity is 5Chief Thund11erho15oves
:p
and exp gain drops at a ratio between current elvel and target level
13That's quite clever
13xD
Hot.
I'd personally have no problem with a Test Run, but not bringing on immediately.
very much so
XD
at least he's important?
06!pant
06phew
Oh okay
06now try !pant
06lol
!pant
lol
O.O;
he did better than other applicants though
/me pulls them back up
Yeah, that's true.
how embarassing
Who is in charge of the website?
13pant != pants
That means that's two people having test runs, and a potential third if DE doesn't completely fail the interview
did you see his last comment?
13try naming it trousers, the British alternative ;3
Octavia did do better, that's for sure
Not me, i'm just the local godling
I did.
GOd
I'd say pretty much anything Cupcakes-related is over the line. Most have gore in them. And almost all have a lot of simple shock value. Images not quite sexual, but leaning toward it are especially tricky. But there's a PG13 guideline to follow at least which helps in determinging.
XD
I'm thinking about it.
13Because pants = underwear here
or Celestia
13LOL
I can believe that.
lolz
wut
07and then suddenly
07!espeon
/me now belongs to Kyu for 8 minutes
13!kyu
The only problem with that comment is that he's thinking about the rules as they pertain to the viewers' tastes, not to our rules
/me 7does a barrel roll! ._.      |:      .-.      :|      ._.
07|3
07@.@
13:D
07:3
You have to think as a moderator, not a viewer
Alright, I say hire.
/me squished
/me is tiny o.o
@pony Spazturtle
6 Spazturtle is 13Diamond 6Ti15a6ra
as in now or tell next show?
If we hire, he definitely needs to be shown the ropes
I say we can bring him on now, so he's ready when we do LotR.
13You're heavier than you look :P
/me flees
07D:
/me fistshake!
One moment please
good stuff Dari
@pony Official new best pony of #bronystate for all eternity
6 Official new best pony of #bronystate for all eternity is 6Spik3e
that works very well
Alright.
wut
Yeah I guess dari's calling the shots...
We'll tell him to stay for a bit, just to make sure that DE doesn't/does show up, and we'll go over stuff afterwards.
good plan
mfw^
13I read that as fishshake at first
/me shakes a fish at Kyu
It makes sense!
Think its PG13 here anyway. Thought that's what I read.
DE is here...as far as I know
06ok
OHGOD I REALLY WANT GMOD.
06now try !trousers
yes he is
....
I told him to wait
The Gmod ponies look awesome
/me really should stop smoking...
idle though
Here's what I say
gmod?
07!boxers
I should quit the snus...
Just tell Octavia to wait in the main chat for now so we may go ahead with DE's interview.
he can insta-kill them without smite
!briefs
Gary's Mod
07firstshake
Then, we can proceed as necessary
07o.o;
How do you even get The Hub (in HD)? Are the only two ways through Verizon or At&T?
*Garry
ok
The best physics sandbox game in history is Gmod.
Lots of military guys hit the snus, apparently, Wrek
oh garry's mod
4Denied_Existence
because they're not allowed to take smoke breaks
Sounds good to me.
though they call it "dip"
Hiya
combat training, hit the snus, like a baws
Zombie dust. Dust. From a zombie. You know. Zombie dust.
Indeed!
lol
this game hates you dari
RobotPinkie Snus and dip are two different things
I wonder if anypony could gift me Gmod for Steam.
7Can you wait for a bit in #BronyState as we discuss your interview?
Chew and dip are the same
Sort of
Mardek can cast Heal on undead to hurt them
You don't "chew" dip
7We will get back to you as soon as we can
Really, Edward? They tried mine, I tried theirs... only difference was which lip they put it under :P
Alright.
I'll go ahead and bring DE in
^mfw
7wait I need to save the log
Alright
Tell me when you're done
7I will rejoin the channel then i'm ready
Skoal is kinda awful, though
hey Quan
06hey quan
06try ! pants
>mardek useful
7Hello, you two.
!pants
06try it please!
Skoal was great because of their citrus pouches, but they discontinued those, so I must agree
i dont use anything of the sort, so i has no idear
heya Quan
13ohai Quan :3
CTR, can you post the Nintendo 3DS ambassador link? xD
i'm ready
They kinda agreed, but it's expensive to import swedish snus...
/me awaits the europe one of that badly...
eh, you have exactly 0 casualties so far, which is really good considering you are about 2/3 through almost. at least 1/2 through
/me realizes that he still has dari on a leash
If I'm lucky I'll meet them again on my next Amerrka visit, I'll bring some extra
I'd rather smoke, but only cause it looks cooler. I like dip more though, because the effects are stronger
Woah.What happened?
Pegacorn....thats...interesting....
[18:46] * Dermathil cuts Dari's leash loose.
http://ambassador.nintendo-europe.com/ (coming soon)
CTR has that too xD
Ah
THIS ONE IS MADE OF ADAMANTIUM
IT CANNOT BE CUT
OR DESTROYED
Pegacorn, don't be talking to MirthTinker about this leash nonsense
Okay, bringing him in
PEGACORN!
It redirects to NoE's language selector atm
she doesn't need any ideas
Hi, DMan
Ohai Dman
Have you read my story, yet
Ohey Barry, how are ya?
Hey Dman
If not, you may want to re-download it
Though uh... I think they're in Afghanistan by now, so... kinda sucks.
4Denied_Existence
Sadly, no, i've been away ALL DAY, but it's actaully here open, i am now about to:P
I merged the two chapters together and did some major editing
Ohey RobotPinkie
the book can also be, a hat
RAMIREZ!
Ghosties you're here too? and Silvermare? =D
ohey Dman
RAMIREZ
RAMIREZ
Emela can't wear kettle hat, as kettle hat is a half-helm
she can't wear half-helms
CLEAR THE BURGER KING RAMIREZ!
Any UK bronies got Virgin Media TV?
Eeyup
mfw "kettle hat"
and dari is talking about playing cards
Kettle hat is a metal helm that the French used
or so I think.
i do believe
I do, Spazturtle
put her hat back on
Dman, you will be able to get MLP:FIM on channel 730
Spazturtle: FOR FREE?
Welcome, Denied_Existence
/me loves Spazturtle forever
lucky bastages
7Welcome Denied_Existence
and I'd smoke too, Edward, but my lungs can't take it.
We're glad you were able to make it
We've had MLP for ages.
Hey, sorry I was so late...
Since July 4th
but but on boomewang and u gotta pay
I think i'm gonna do exactly what Silvermare told me NOT to do.
We understand the situation
Pretty sure they've shown the entire series already.
i don't get MLP since it's onlyon the Hub over here
MWAHAHAHAHAH
No?
Now, Sathi will interview
I've got Boomerang.
You, that is
...yes? i can't get to it
It is channel 730.
says i gotta pay =[
:P
still, watching online
Okie Dokie Loki
We don't have FiM here :(
7Denied_Existence:, I'm just going to ask you a series of questions for the first part of the interview and I want you to answer them to the best of your ability. Do you have any questions before we start?
/me flyes away Gmod style
ohai Dman
because tomatoes are fags
*flies
6The rest of us will interject if we have any questions based on your answers.
No questions.
Pegacorn... at least suggest a silk neckpiece
also RobotPinkie same. (bear inmind i'm like UK and Spain resident)
no friction burns
Ok
RobotPinkie: SOON THE DUBS yay
Ohey GGgala how are ya?
we don't have fim here either
7How did you hear about us?
oh hi eeveesprit, don't think we've met before
RAMIREZRAMIREZRAMIREZRAMIREZ
On EQD
Yeah I think it'll air on Cartoon Network here
DMan: i'm good, you?
Originally
yes, i think so too
it would be nice if CN acquired it, but they ruin everything they touch now days
which has english language track here!
>mfw EVERYPONY herd about us on EQD
RAMIREZ! HELP MASON WITH THE NUMBERS
except adult swim
7ow many movienights have you attended so far?
7how*
Um...
5&1/2
RAMIREZ!GIGGLE AT THE GHOSTIES!
btw, is my text yellow on your screen too?
7Can you explain that?
I wish FiM were really aimed at grown men...
if you give mardek the silver sword, he can one-shot melee undead as well
once Vehrn masters his skills, of course
I got in about halfway through the first one I cam in on.
came*
no eeveesprit
4Do ho ho, giggle at the ghostie
6Due to what time you found the EQD post?
GGgala: well, i'm a mmmmmbeech who went to the mmmmmmbeach. I spent like 11 hours ... AAT THE BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACH BEE-YATCH
not that it were any different, just aimed at bronies, to give it more legitimacy :P
ok thnx silvermare
lol
No, I was open and I decided to go see it.
4DO HO HO
RobotPinkie, they've written shoutout and references for us
Er...by open I mean I had time to burn
:P it's Ghosties back from the D(oHoHo)ead
Dman: lawl
=]
such as even making Derpy Hooves/Dinky Doo show up in an episode outside of background
Ghosties, the unfunny Ghost
Dman: sounds awesome
4Yeah...no
WAIT DARI
check map once more
Yeah I know, Silvermare
just to be safe
GGgala, believe it! :P it was awesome
go back to prior room, check map once more
Episode 15 :P
6Alright. Just making sure for Public Relations purposes.
4Everything thinks it's soooooo funny to laugh at the ghostie. I understand that Pinkie made it popular, but what about my feelings? Huh? No one ever asked the damn ghost about his feelings
No.
Ok.
02baaaccckkk
02*WB03(Ray03)02WB* - <Ray> 02I'm a walking CDC nightmare, It makes me want to hug someone
02Buut....
I haven't streamed any since then.
/me giggles WITH the ghosties. Dman hugs Ghosties.
02:3c
AWESOME!
if there was no moer loot, go ahead
02Also ANGEL
/me is still flying Gmod style,trying to find a silk neckpiece for Silvermare
Uh, i mean, Bene
02I LEARNED TO DEATHBOMB
RAMIREZRAMIREZRAMIREZRAMIREZ
02BY REACTING OVER THOSE
lol but it's still not like... socially acceptable
Pretttttty much
020.00000000000000000000000001 secs given
Are we supposed to care about the ghostie?
lol Pegacorn, still RAMIREZing huh
Eeyup
yes, EdwardNewgate :P
come hug him bro
/me hugs Ghosties
13LOL
Why do we bother with Ponychan threads?
RAMIREZ!GIFT ME GMOD!
Oh, that's right... we barely care about them anymore.
RAMIREZRAMIREZRAMIREZRAMIREZ
4You don't have to care. Just have some modesty, that's all I ask
Ohai everybrony
Haha
02I still can't pull it in an normal basis
RAMIREZ!FUCK EMELA
You sound like my best friend
02but it's close enough
allo'
13Again, you don't HAVE to restrict yourself to just deathbombing in MoF since you can easily regain bombs :P
>mfw I put one up Monday last week, it 404'd on Tuesday, never put a new one up.
Ohai Dermathil
Is giggling WITH, 'stead of at, modesty?
Also, I was spurred to both contact Circuitmane of thebronyshow and come here after I heard you on it, sprinkles.
/me hops, skips and jumps over Ghosties
Sup, bro!
hai dermathil
02Yeah :P
amidoinitrite?
hey Dman!
/me wraps up Ghosties.
she healed it, so her mana takes damage
(keep the puns coming!)
*spuured*
I FOUND IT!
*spurred*
OH LAUD
I got it
/me flies back from the store
lol, totally not meant to pun
Told you guys going on The Brony Show would get us more viewers. =D
RAMIREZ!OPEN THE DOOR!
Blame my being a texan
RAMIREZ! GET ON TEH FLOOR
Dari. Using puns? NO WAI
I wanna go on the brony show... *pouty face*
RAMIREZ!WALK THE DINOSAUR!
MASON, WHAT DOES THE DINOSAUR MEAN?
7What is your availability for moderating?
/me yawns
4>cooler
EdwardNewgate, i meant at ghosties :P
oh
Ghosties. Using puns. NO WAI
If it wasn't for the fact that his show airs tomorrow and there'd be no time for him to prepare a timeslot to ask about our upcoming LotR event, I'd say go ask him.
/me throws the silk neckpiece at Silvermare
Dman, better?
But he probably has all his timeslots filled.
RAMIREZ!CATCH IT!
4I used a pun?
umm
Uh...everyother week I will be able to devote any time after 4 on weekdays and all day on weekends, other weeks my time may be for an hour on weekdays and mabye a few hours on weekends.
thanks?
stream dropped
ask Dman
well, ghosties - giggle at/with ghosteis, hop skip jump ghosties, wrap up ghosties.
I kinda want to get on his show again now that I have an external mic, should I ever get a Monday night off.
Stream dieded for me... what happen?
Which will never happen.
>_<
Dunno
4...?
we made 3 FiM song references to Ghosties >_<
And I should be able to make every movie night unless something comes up.
have some copypasta from 2 minutes ago
Yeah, I went into it Silvermare.
No problem Silvermare
oh good. streams back
/me flies away
COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMAAAAAAAAAAAAANDOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
7I see
Dman giggles WITH the ghosties. Dman hugs Ghosties. RobotPinkie hops, skips and jumps over Ghosties Dman wraps up Ghosties. <Dman>: (keep the puns coming!)
/me goes to the Grand Galloping Gala with Ghosties
4Oh, I thought EdwardNewgate was implying that I made a pun
geddit now ghosties / EdwardNewgate ?
Ooohhh
7What can you do that would set you apart from other applicants?
Well...
4I mean
4I made a pun much earlier
4But no one got it
7In other words what would you contribute to the team if we would hire you?
PEELZ
PEELZ HERE
ya did?
7As in ideas, thoughts, plans; try to think outside of the box. But don't forget to showcase your abilities
4Yeah, I did
I GEDDIT... i think
First of all, I am extremely smart. Scored 95% or higher in all categories of my SAT. I am a quick learner.
what, 'giggle at the ghostie'?
Therefore on-the-job learning will be simple.
sooo, what be happenin' 'round here?
(i just got here man i may have missed it...?)
no one can use Polemace yet
4You did miss it
Dermathil, i got here like 2 mins before ya
no idea
4And no one got it
4And so the world turns
>implying on-the-job training isn't always simple
I will be able to answer hard questions and take part in discussions of any sort.
ah, repeat Ghosties i may know it
:P
stream dropped again
mfw I thought that's what Dman was talking about
aww no wai! EdwardNewgate i just got here :P
4I kicked someone (forgot who) and said "How does my boot feel 3 feet up your ass?"
4Then
4He came back
IT WAS ME
Second, I am very well organized, my work has always been thoughtful and good in everying I do
Dman: eeyup. that was in the dating sim news post.
WHY ISN'T THIS MY WALLPAPER
GGgala i c dat :P
DNS server dep.
Maybe he ran away to clop?
derp*
Ohai prince-derpy. I mean, dari. what happened to your interwebs?
Alright, family visiting over. GOING UNDER THE RADAR FOR A COUPLE OF HOURS
ohai Hipster_Brony
inafter ohai Hipster_Brony
Stream's back.
03anyway brb shower
bai Dermathil
ok, cya later Dermathil
yay~
later Bro. YOU CAN DOO EET
7lol dari
Sathi, you were here all along? 0_o
did not know this :P
7I'm a ninja
a damned good one
7*bows*
ohai Sathi
or ninja, whatever your real name is
http://farm6.static.flickr.com/5099/5509421936_c5b98d2b12_o.jpg
All. of. My. quids and bits.
I want to go :(
...sadly, I do too :(
It'd be nice to go to. But waaaaaaay too far away for me I'm afraid.
it combines my love for the UK and for ponies...
Yes, >implying I won't be able to.
RobotPinkie has a love for UK?
/me hugs RobotPinkie
Brighton!
Yeah, I has the wingest boner for the UK.
http://astoundance.com/ponycon/location.html website
lol RobotPinkie. I guess i ... would too for Japan? eyedunno, i guess ilike japan
n
Hrm
Here's a touching story.Once upon a time you died and i lived happily ever after.The End.
Pegacorn: flashbacks? to bronystate chat?
I'm... uh... split on the sim, until I know what exactly it is. :P
Flashbacks to the.....you know.......that thing at the place...
>does gentlecolts.weebly.com male character survey. >realises all his answers rae LOLNO. >leaves website. xD
Pegacorn: ah yesh, the Thing!
I'm going live soon with a new show of mine XD on a different radio station
13Play th13 ~
:p
and there was that one pony...
I meant what happened on the moon.NEVER MENTION IT.
02Not playing th13 before everyother one before :P
02I want to keep the order
02:3
13:3
13th10 then~
02Already beated Easy, Normal makes me cry
so, what you're saying is... What happens on the Moon, stays on the Moon?
Found me some Morrowind, yay!
13Normal is easy for me until I get to stage 4
02reached Extra's boss. yet not lived to see her 2nd spell card
13LOL you cheat
13Shouldn't be playing extra until you beat normal~
02And this is why I haven't beated PCB's extra, lol
4Fuck yeah, Morrowind!
You and your wild lunar vacations. *shakes head*
4*brohoof RobotPinkie*
/me brohoofs Ghosties
WOAH WOAH GGGALA.
/me sits on Angel's head
WHAT DID I TELL YA JUST A MINUTE AGO?
13Just so you know though, Kanako's last spellcard on normal is way easier than its Easy mode counterpart |D
>2 hours from Brihton. :/
Brighton*
Well that's not TOO bad, is it?
It means I'd have to go with my family if I take that car.
Trains, I dunno.
13Also Ray, if you haven't seen it yet http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w337ij3wtXA&list=FLqlKKNJmbMqyhfns7DD8rMg&index=1
Oh...
the*
Pegacorn: what? didn't say anything really!
Your family all knows about your bronyhood?
Eeyup.
YOU IMPLIED SOMETHING GGGALA.
just the location! where stuff happens.
Do they mind, or are they cool?
They're fine with it.
Phew, that's good at least
02WAIT WAIT WAIT
02The revived the project?
02they*
13That's the fanmade anime from this year :P
I think I'll get to a save point then give this game a break for a while.
02Oh, lool
/me hits GGgala over the head with a baseball bat
Fine by me
13I think you're referring to Maikaze, which have announced they're releasing ep 2 this year sometime
02I thought that they revived the old fan made anime series
Those names were getting to me :P
OW! What's that for, Pegacorn?
BECAUSE I WANTED TO
/me 7blinks.
7Fanmade anime. O.o
Well actually,it's because of what you said.
6dari, mod chat?
Names like Fnordheeun Euthrooewjrened Schnweeeeeeeeeeee
Skype?
Or IRC?
4Octavia?
Hmm?
6IRC
4PM
Oh
Pegacorn: Oh, you're still on about >implying implcations? Which I /did not/!
There we are.
LIES
6Ah, there you are.
7Welcome once again
Welcome again
Thnak you.
Alright, listen up
Damn.
Both of you
WB Sky :0
6I'm glad to inform you both that we've decided to hire you both. =D
Internet's derping.
Yes?
We've decided to hire you
YOU TOTALLY IMPLIED.....you know......what happened.
02*WB03(Kosoveon03)02WB* - <Kosovo> Don't make me Octopus you. >:/
Ah, yayy~
6However!
Think my ISP's DNS server exploded or something.
What happened on the moon?
Thank you for this grand opportunity
Yes, however
I will not let you down
You both need a great deal of training
Yeah
WHAT DID I IMPLY BRO. SHOW ME
Firstly
hi Kos!
http://bronystate.co.cc/rules/
hi aero~
6You both need to get a more firm grasp on the rules as far as images and such go.
Did you accidentally a prostitute, Pegacorn?
Read them
Nope.
/me floofs Kosoveon
Yup, I've been reading the rules to get as informed as I can with them.
/me floofs back o3o
Is it something Bjornfort related?
o3o
Yea
13ohai Kosoveon~
6The first image, for example should have been a verbal warning, as it's Cupcakes, which is starting drama.
Except that both of you, for lack of a better word, slipped on the images
The very first Bjornfort event.
6The second image is R34, which is a verbal warning.
ffffffffuuuuuuuu
6The third image is just plain shipping, which is fine.
!Kosoveon
I thought I had said verbal warning for the first.
Last image is where you both really messed up
Since it was Cupcakes.
I did?
Oh, I missed the gore clause.
It's explicit gore and shipping
Oh... I'm sorry, I didn't mean to tear up old wounds...
That's instaban
7Last image is instant ban
Ooooh.
:>
Minnet: set my location to Northern Norway.
6The fourth and final, is gore, Cupcakes, shipping, and probably posted to start drama.
Lakorv: Got that.
Understood
6INSTABAN.
Instant ban.
Now listen
Minnet: what is Lakorv's location?
Lakorv: Lakorv's location is Northern Norway.
It's ok.I endured WWII.The "Moon incident" is nothing compared to that.
Dari, need to you add Octavia and DE to the exempts here.
Both hired?
>mfw Bjornfot spelled with two R's
seems good enough to me.. at the moment anyway.
Yes.
You both need to start thinking like mods, not viewers. That's the biggest mistake you made in the interviews. We understand the viewers are a priority, but we have rules and we do not tolerate porn or explicit gore at all
lol
Only 3 votes on forum?
posting DE's interview to the forums and updating status
It's his nickname
Alright.
6If something does come up, we have an appeals channel.
Ok.
He's a fort, apparently.
I'm probably more lenient than I should be.
I thought we waited for at least a majority vote?
Like A Rock?
Me too...
You're both too passive
6However, you will not be given access to the banhammer immediately anyway.
But
wb, Dman
We hope that we can train you
Back, erryone =D
time to ...*gulp* ...read
LIKE A ROCK
thanks, GGgala
Wut is it Dman?
Fair enough.
Yep
ohai Dman
Read what?
Hipster already looked over octavia and denied existence and agreed, as far as I remember
RobotPinkie: you DON'T WANT TO KNOW MAN
And four mods have already given consent
Pegacorn: the silvermane x dman. That's right, si- oh he's gone. still, I haven't ever read it yet
D:
I... don't?
whatwillIfind?
OHSHI-
6First off, pick colors. First come first served.
7Congratulations to both of you and welcome to the team
Blue.
Pegacorn: u read it?
6Which blue?
That's the last blue
Unless someone is already using it.
Huh?
12This one
6There are 3, two are in use.
Hmm.
Okay
....I DISAGREE WITH THE FIRST SENTENCE ALREADY!!!
That'll work.
WHO WROTE THIS?
12This is the only one not in use
6Yeah, the darkest blue is the one not in use.
14Though gray befits Octavia, wouldn't it?
Well I guess it was only a matter of time before you shipped with Silvermane...
Link so i can see this thing?
Yeah, thats what I was thinking...
uh...
RobotPinkie: was done 2 months ago
mfw D: so never read it
Is the Grey easily readable though?
02*WB03(Kosoveon03)02WB* - <Kosovo> Don't make me Octopus you. >:/
lol okay
4The only problem is that it may be hard to make out amongst a sea of whites
Out of 9 who can.
4But only time will tell, it may prove effective
So, before I start up Season 2 of Jackie Chan Adventures, what's everyone up to?
i dun wanna link it till I read it actually...sorry, i'll link in 2 mins or so
Looks readable
4Unless you want to go with blue, it's your choice
2 months ago was YEARS before my time
Not counting Cross really giving consent.
Dave_BroZilla: *brohoof* Love that show!
Stands out enough to me.
Since he's brand spanking new.
SO good
I think the blue is much more easy to pick out.
ohey Dave_BroZilla
Jackie Chan Adventures FTW
4Then go with blue
6It looks fine to me.
Finished season 1 last night...partially the reason why I couldn't make the stream
A YA! (uncle)
Right
lighty
6But it's your call.
you are evil
One more thing...
seriously
The Gray you mean Sprinkles?
XD
*smack*
06xDDDD
6The gray I mean.
14Lets see...
12And this one...
6Just know that some people complain about the darker colors, like blue.
Looks fine.
hey, I fell for it too :P
brb,gotta eat
4Blue, gray, your call. But you do run the chance that you may need to change it if people aren't noticing you in the main chat
hahahaaaa.........haha.....ha.....crap. i now gotta rewatch them. haven' seen literally since they were aired....greeeaaaat, something else to watch :P
bai bai Pegacorn
Apparently the episodes are on YouTube
So...
peace, Pegacorn
14I'll stick with gray then.
6Gray's dark enough that it's seeable.
lemme find 'em
What happens when we run out of colours?
hey guys, i gotta disconnect.
4Alright
03hm
: /
4And DE?
GIANT-ASS STORM STARTING
WE INVENT MORE
We probably won't before we split rooms.
03I'm kinda going :/ at the concept of using a Ponyta as my new Dream World slave
losing internet
Uh...Either Green or Blue
We still have a few more.
03just because EW MLP
03but eh
Lol, it just finished in Toronto
Or, create a palette wheel for our domain
Simple
3Hows this?
6Looks fine.
"Dman entered panic mode. He hoped no one would ever discover his secret... especially not SilverMane, the coolest and most handsome pony he knew." WAT WAT WATWATWATWATWATWATWATWATv
Oh yeah, not sure if we told anyone, but DCD and I were talking about that.
WAT
4Looks good
6Better than the blue.
...
3Oh good.
6The blue blurs...
4I do believe
4That's all the colors
3Greenery it is then
14Yeah, I noticed that about the blue too.
6All righty then.
3YOU MUST BRING ME A SHRUBBARY
He's onto you!
/me falls over. he drags himself back up, hands on the desk, eyes barely peering over it into the screen.
NOPE
NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE
We decided we should have a room with everyone which is throttled so limits the number of messages as well as split rooms with unlimited messages.
I was asking you to try doing something like that anyway...
About the domain, or colors?
02ANGEL
"Standing up, he could get a proper look of Dman's "speical outfit". It was completely black leather, darker than the void, yet shining brilliantly in the moonlight coming in from the window. There was no doubt about it - Dman looked totally stunning." D: D: D: D: D:
/me faints
Also, anyone want me to PM them the first episode of JCA?
03so, sigh
02THISISEPIC
13?
Who...who...who wrote this...
03the city is shutting our water off tomorrow
...I don't understand
13Oh, I know right :D
Dave_BroZilla: please, bro
Dave_BroZilla: what's that stand for?
Like a link?
You have them added to the exceptions, dari?
4Now
Jackie Chan Adventures
03they're like "We're installing some fire hydrants in your neighborhood so live without water for a day"
Not yet.
ohh
02best use of 16 minutes.
GGgala: jackie ch-aww ,ninja'd
youtube
4I think we should move on to a more private place so we may discuss your new positions
3It looks like a mosaic in here with all the colors now.
ohhh, yesplz
i can't find the first one
/me 7reveals herself out of the shadows a moment
So 1 room with everyone + say 1 minute between each message you can send, then the rooms with a 300 person limit or whatever, but not restriction on how much you can talk (until they hit the spam filter :P).
3Sure, where is more private then here?
6As soon as dari does his job... >>;
(i don't normally say this but) WHAT THE FUCK
We thought it'd give the best of both worlds.
You should right away, because we should invite them in here to talk without prying eyes
7Dman no new house eps yet
:P
*gasp* Sathi!
7there will be this week
14lol
...why are BOTH silvermane and FRIGGIN RAINBRODASH trying to get it on with me in this clopfic who wrote this?
!fart
Sathi: awesome! can't wait for it, don't worry about it
Sathi, want a link to the first episode of Jackie Chan Adventures?
Only 1 minute posting limit?
Does that go for mods too?
03EW
LOL
7Got s1 + s2 ready to go
03that script is disgusting
you actually did it aero XD
>prying eyes
Boss
>you can see when people join :P
excellent, thank you so much Sathi
Torrent is taking forever for S2 and up to dl for me, lol
But they can't see the room itself
I dunno, depends.
: /
Srsly, been like 4 days now
7I own all dvd's
7just needed to rip them
02WHY PEOPLE IS SO EVIL
03OK so
Don't the DVD's have scenes cut though?
02I NEED MOAR OF THIS
03for those people who think all rap is just a bunch of inapropriate stuff
03you should listen to this song
That's what I read from some of the Amazon reviews
03I've been looping it lately
I have TV rips
/me 4wouldn't mind if Sathi streamed more House today
6Alrighty, just join #bronystatemods
/me 4likes House
03it's about girls who get abused by their (step)parents and run away to deal with it
03:/
7Maybe I will
Need to add them to the acces list though.
Me too.
4Simple, we know
:>
oh hai Ghosties
ok all, i just have to post this. i still want to know who wrote it though, srsly who wrote it:
access*
3It kicked me
WAY TO NOT SET FLAGS
XD
14Me too :P
7who wrote what..?
*claps* good job
RainBroDash was NOT happy. "WHAT THE HAY ARE YOU DOIN' WITH MY BITCH, DMAN?" RainbroDash walked up to the earth pony. "WHAT THE HAY, MAN! GIVE ME ONE GOOD REASON NOT TO KILL YOU RIGHT HERE AND NOW!" Dman was too petrified to answer, so RainBroDash started beating the manure out of him. When he was finished, Dman was nothing more than an unrecognizable mushy
pile on the floor. He then slapped SilverMane's horrified, bloodstained face. "We're going home. NOW. And you're getting TRIPLE assrape tonight!" The End.
6Sorry, dari didn't change the flags yet.
Dman clopfics
3DAMMIT DARI
6Just the exemptions.
That, sathi. Someone apparently months ago wrote a fic with me in...wat
14Haha
Well I didn't say I was done
3Grahhh!
Did i?
[22:38] Well I didn't say I was done
[22:38] Did i?
You guys.
With your assumptions.
>>'
You didn't say anything
Seriously.
:P
who. wrote. this.
lolol
14Oh you guys. :P
Dman: RainBroDash too? i missed that.
>assumptions
They need to register, don't they?
Your fault bro.
3You may need to unban us too
:P
Oh shoot
God, that was amazing
14Hah
6You guys need to register your nicks.
yeah
no idea, gggala_ but apparently. and no u EdwardNewgate
They do need to register
Yeah, I can't add them to the access list unless they register.
So.
:P
14Ah, we need to register them.
I listened to that song a lot when it first released
very powerful
!fart
/me grows big eyes and faints as he smells Espeon's fart "HOLY SHEEEEET!"
I'm back
if i find out it was silvermane who wrote this...i don't know what i'll do >_<
Dman: OH! you mean the ending. lol
4minus the quotes
03x.x
I'm Beethoven, Pegacorn
hmmyeahmm
14I think I tried Octavia before and it said it was taken. Lemme see.
Done streaming, dari?
03why did you even make that script x.x
Silvertroll?
he has worse ones
:P
yea
4!!Octavia :P
06and now that script isnt good
4I keed, I keed
06jeez
Dunno, why?
03it's GROSS
4Don't want that headache
6If it was, it would be impossible for you to stay on it all the time.
^
it's questionable.
14This is true.,
06ahw, not again
Sathi /may/ stream House
03OK well now on to some happier music
/me 06is watching 03»» 072 Unlimited - Twilight Zone.vob 03«» 0200:06 / 04:07 [030203,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|02] 03«»02 720x480 03«» 0229,97 fps 03«» 02~915.08KB/s (220.73MB) 03«» 02Chromatic MPEG 1 Video I Frame 03«» 02MPClassic 03««
13Well, when I said I'd shoot someone the minute my nick is used in that script, I meant it :P So be warned
No.
Lawl.
:P
4No
I'm gonna stream real quick in a minute.
03it's obvious the goal is just to annoy people...
06drf, not going into it
14Yeah, been a while since I've done this too. lol
and nothing you say is ever gross
06and no
Dave_BroZilla: In that case...*glasses*... I'll Be Bach. http://snarkerati.com/movie-news/files/2007/11/terminator-poster.PG
ninja streamers :o
6No, only thing you replace is password and email
06you wanna know the truth?
...
3Oh, ok
but people WANT them.
12!fart
/me RUNS
06people ASK me to make them, not ME, alright?
mfw it 404'd
Dman,i feel bad for you.
Dave_BroZilla: In that case...*glasses*... I'll Be Bach. http://snarkerati.com/movie-news/files/2007/11/terminator-poster.JPG
there
If you find out it was him... well... QUADRUPLE?
!fart
/me grows big eyes and faints as he smells Cone2's fart "HOLY SHEEEEET!"
YEAAAAAAAH
I was gunna stop soon, yeah.
03not to mention
13Stop spamming it
12lolol
03that's also intentionally bypassing the swear filter :/
YEAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH
06and the !o3o script, was a JOKE for an entirly different community, so stop now, please
People streaming all over the place 6_9
03yeah right
Haha
4Um
Since SilverMane's gone, and that's who I was streaming this for.
4You'll be Bach
Pegacorn MY POST SUCKS AND I SHOULD FEEL BAD http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_RCFNKC41prU/TN12DGazLrI/AAAAAAAAADs/uiMUpbKCPhs/s1600/Zoidberg-dr.jpg
You miss all my streaming Ghosties.
I stream pretty much all week long.
and I'll be Beethoven
XD
06yes
Tim?
3GOT EET
4And I'll be the Mustard
6Yeah.
Yes, ghosties, and Dave_BroZilla will be beethoven
06now stop it please :/
7[spoiler] I may start stream House in a bit [spoiler] don't tell anyone
Are you coming to D&D?
I dun geddit Dman
02*WB03(Drake03)02WB* - <Lyon> 04I hate you all
yeah, drf, just stop. Honestly
[spoiler] Dman just gleed [/spoiler]
03I only started because I saw that script :/
Yeah, honestly, I have school on weekdays and have homework and junk
06hen dont START
I've not got anything to do yet.
let's stop arguing about this
please
Pegacorn u srs? bach and beethoven are 2 legends. and i'l be back is a legendary quote by arnold
06just be quiet
exactly
[spoiler]okay[/spoiler]
06^
it's pointless
School's back in a couple weeks.
14Just make up a password and put your email in right?
indeed
3Also, I got like 3 minutes before I got to go deal with my family suff.
6Yeah.
okay.jpg
I now geddit.
=]
do ya get the oidberb one?
College started back for me
zoidberg *
See
3I am already logged in.
yea
@pony The only pony to not have been shipped by Silvermane
3Yay?
6I'm just telling you for future use.
I usually get out earlier than most people in school or college, my county does that for some reason
OH that's right, no dari
RobotPinkie: Clearly nopony.
13I do have a problem with it bypassing the swear filter though
13could you at least change that?
3Ah, ok
6You should be able to join the channel now.
03^
And so I return to college before everyone else does
Has not been shipped with SilverMane.
oh there you are :P
6Wait, no.
I am the only one not to have been shipped by Silvermane.
Lawl.
dari, I think they're registered
Ok.
3You need to unban our IP's I suppose
03and really, any scripts that put random people's nicknames in them are grounds for being abused - at least make it use the name of the person who triggered it...
MWAHAHAHAHA
I love being shipped by Silvermane
Was it THAT good, Dman?
even if my waifu doesn't
Octavia still isn't...
3I gotta go in a minute or two
I'm not shipped with anybody...foreverabrony.jpg
no, RobotPinkie, it was HORRIBLE and OUTTA MY CHARACTER by infinity
Yeah.
XD
Dave_BroZilla, you so lucky
06i thought we'd STOP ranting
12!Pokemon
You so lucky Dave
I haven't been shipped either, whoo!
>implying Dman has previously established characterization
lulz
It told me when I tried setting the flags in the main room.
YOU MUST BRING ME A SHRUBBERY!!!
Good thing, my girlfriend wouldn't like that...
10It was a suggestion
6*whistles*
03intentionally making things that you know are going to p*ss others off?
GGgala_, true dat. I must wait ... For the Opportune ... Moment http://www.disfracesymascaras.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/disfraz-jack-sparrow.jpg
Ohai Denied_Existence,my son.
/me is now addicted to finding pics for posts :P
03I'm not saying I don't, I'm just letting you know that you're no better than I am :P
14There we go, got my registered now.
Savvy
both done
Octavia's registered.
Matey
suggestion: if it's for an entirely different community altogether, there is: if ($network != TheSkyTemple) { }
03^
which should make everyone happy
12fart :B
AND!! YOU MUST CUT DOWN THE MIGHTIEST TREE IN THE FOREST
/me RUNS
10.
/me gets a Seaking from the Dream World
03which means only one thing: F*** YEAH SEAKING
/me hides
WIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIITH
Moving both applications to the archive
03I actually don't even know where that saying came fromx D
The compass. Does it not work? ... http://aiden3812project.webs.com/3745_Tia%20Dalma%202.jpg Jack sparrow does not know what he wants?
03*xD
I'm not sure what would be within my established character to do...
Please vote on DE
A HERRING!
Got them?
before I can move it
Ok.
Dari?
Eeyup.
what about bypassing the swear filter?
:/
6You should be able to now.
but w/e
6#bronystatemods
hypocracy x.x
Check
Welcome both
03at least I had the common decency to use stars
3And green
03since I never actually swear
Yay, thank you.
14Gray.
mhm, whatever
3Camoflage yay!
A ...Red Herring :P
bwahahaha
Dari, did you stop streaming yet?
and you're all clean minded, too?
03two different things
I'll stop.
Welcome
06Good night ~
06and what
Do you like our clubhouse?
13NO
06oh
03LOL What
13Stay until 11pm
13:P
Done.
06gnite Xeli
13!espeon
@pony Dman's least favorite pony
6 Dman's least favorite pony is 6Twilight Spa13rk6le
05XD
03someone find me that image :P
wut
06I'm like honestly tired x3
7Wat!
...you.... bastard...
12Good night Espeon :3
Even mods are jelly of my rainbow text.
13Ah, alright then :3
13Goodnight <3
:P
6Refresh streams everypony.
14It's very spiffy. :>
There isn't much to look at, and the basin broke a long time ago
06!pillow
3.14
06Good night
>mfw although i change my fave pony every hour or so it's Twi about 60% of the time, thus if i WERE to have one it would be twi...or luna i guess. but Twi
14Whoa there. lol
06and what is this 3.14 stuff hnng
10http://s3.amazonaws.com/kym-assets/photos/images/original/000/003/201/625px-Seaking_original.jpg
7done
But yeah, welcome
03LOL nice
3Shit, gotta go.
6I am happy to inform everypony that we have officially brought on two new mods, give a great congratulations everypony!
06lolew KYM
3I am really sorry, grandfather ya know...
14Its been so long since I've used IRC to higher extents.
03KYM?
Right, my sympathies
7Congratulations!
03oh
SQUEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Gratz.
03what is kym-assets o.o
suddenly, mods
Also, Congrates!
MY SON IS NOW A MOD!
Grats Denied_Existence , Octavia !
14Aww. Hope everythings alright.
3I may be on at around 5 tommorrow.
dat vid
:P
Now
oh...okay
3I will start training with whoever is here.
And congratulations Denied_Existence and Octavia ! =D
3Bye
Cya.
Needs more ALESTORM
*waves*
14Laters
7bye
FUCK STEPHANIE THAT PINK HAIRED BITCH
Octavia, are you ready for training?
dat female voice
7We need more women!
/me 7feels alone
ALESTORM MAKES THIS MANLY
I'll need to get your info for the About Us at some point, but it's cool since I don't have Cross' yet.
http://s3.amazonaws.com/kym-assets/photos/images/original/000/163/591/tumblr_lpn4d2z22r1qe11kdo1_500.png?1313614897
14Thats fine.
RANDOM REQUEST OUTTA NOWHERE!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJEEy2IKOI8&feature=player_embedded
03LOL
7Octavia.. are you a woman by a chance?
7any*
03Vaporeon
JUST because You are a pirate is in it.
/me runs
03stop provoking people.
14I... dont have a favorite movie either really. I guess I better choose one before something ridiculous is chosen for me. :P
14Possibly.
And othe stuff too.
DON'T HURT ME
NO MORE
*other
14Its a mystery. ;)
Possibly?
And so begins my headbop
7wait.. seriously?
dat ponies
*dem
Sathi is interested o.o
dat headbanging
7Yes
14lol
7I don't want to be alone
I'll sue all of you if I got whiplash again from listening to this song again
7anymore
>BronyState Duties:
Being Possibly Female
THIS WINS ON SO MANY LEVELS
7hahahahaha
XD
THIS IS IMPORTANT!
>: I
14I'm what is known as a "trap". Inb4 Admiral Ackbar.
WHAT IS LVOE
DON'T HURT ME
NO MORE
7"trap"?
Now that
IT'S A TARP!
/me 7is confused
Wow
12I was just joking drf XD
14It is, it is!
Don't worry Sathi
what is lvoe? baby don't hrut me don't hrut me no moer
xD
A guy that seems like a girl.
Question
lol
Or
a girl that seems like a guy
03sure you were
14lol
14Reverse trap.
Sooooooooo
14But I'm a trap irl. Scary, I know.
/me 7head spins
I don't know, you're not there, I give you my love but you don't care. SO what is right? And what is wrong? Give me a sign..
14^
You're actually a girl
Dmann, you're hurting me with all the typos.
But you either dress like a guy, or...
14I look like one.
Shit, I dunn goofd the lyrics
May i have my request after this?
At least I can still play this on sax
Are you biologically male or female?
/me 7adds to her todo list to add the question in the application form
Lawl.
Dashite, sorry, internet derp'd and it's my like 2nd name
14I'm on hormones to a small extent right now.
Ghosties is so confused.
14Haha
So
inb4 Dmann Co.
Were you born male or female?
at least you don't have two chat streams like I had
o u Pegacorn 3rd time :P
So what is your excuse for this? " what is lvoe? baby don't hrut me don't hrut me no moer"
14Actually, funny story.
:p
*read bjorn*
>>;
Lol Sprinkles.
I must leave, I wonder what's for DINRAR
14I was born intersexed.
Dashite: cuz Dave_BroZilla said 'WHAT IS LVOE'
:P
14lol
Oo
14I know, confusing.
That doesn't explain all the mispelt words! RAAAGE!
BEST. MOD. GROUP. EVER.
14It confuses me too.
Dave_BroZilla, just make sure you don't accidentally 97 calories of DinRar, it's bad
14Lmao
Dashite: twas a joke
...wut
So wait
7interesting addition we have now
Dashite: yes it totally does :p
7:D
Uhh...
14I was born with... uhh... both items.
12!Apple
15EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW MACBOOK AIRS
14So... yeah...
Do you consider yourself a male or female?
I 88 miles per hour
GGgale, no. No it doesn't! :p
12:<
Are we gonna see some serious shit?
>GGgale
I'm a robot that never sleeps, that is also Hipster, dari is the chat room, and now this. Among other things.
>GGgale
@lovemeter What
13 What is 80% in love with him/herself.
>irony
14I'm in the middle right now. But I identify as female more.
@pony Love
...I have a burning question to ask
6 Love is 9App3le 8Fritter
/me is not sure if he should ask
@lovemeter Haddaway
13 Haddaway is 86% in love with him/herself.
I like some of their songs
12Dunno
hah, Dave_BroZilla, were we're going, we don't need Roads
@whatmeter love
WHICH RESTROOM?
6 love is 30% what. (1619)
14lol
GET READY
like dream on
14Oh boy.
WHAT IS LVOE
I had to ask.
LOL SPRINKLES
03want a piece of trivia?
I had to.
7oh god sprinks
7:D
14Haha.
oh new lovemeter
I see
03and yeah, Dream On is their best by far
Oh good, cause they're all flooded form this storm
Do you have a partner?
14Ummm...
03it's before they started getting messed up LOL
12be right ba,ck
14I've used both.
squeaky-Twi is best Twi
6Because more mods = more colors
Why Ghosties, interested?
03Vaporeon seriously, when are you going to stop mocking me for that typo :|
@lovemeter The Great and Poweful Trixie
13 The and Great are 13% in love.
14lol
6more colors = FAWK I'M HIGH
I hate you dari
I would like my request.
14I am taken, yes. :P
Just putting that out there
Gah
...
6I would like a bagel.
14lol
Poor Ghosties.
NUMA NUMA
CALLED IT
There's always next time.
03hm
14aww. XD
6!addmod Octavia
But it was important, I was curious
WHAT IS THIS I DON'T EVEN.
03what the heck is Wide Lens? In the POkémon games?
TROLOLO
SirSprinkles, will 3 new mods mean more streaming? or what does it mean for us?
03I apparently found one in the Dream World
7So will it be added to duties list?
03never even heard of such a thing
DO HO HO, DARI SO FUNNEH HURRRRRRRRRRRRRR
6!addmod Denied_Existence
Um
I'm putting "trolling" on my list of duties.
I only know 1 song
Add what?
/me 7is taken aswell
and that's it.
03which one, Dream On?
6At the moment, that there's more mod coverage.
I don't think you should put "is a trap" on Octavia's duties
6We're preparing for the future.
@yeimeter Numa Numa
6 Numa Numa is 99% yei. (1620)
yeah, from a NGE AMV
I see
03LOL
That's a potential shit storm waiting to happen
03Boulevard of Broken Songs FTW?
Who is the third new mod?
and RobotPinkie you win good sir
13Raises the accuracy of moves
6And I can't talk about it.
7eeeyup
Sounds accurate.
14lol
14Yeah...
03oh
03k
Oh
13Boosts accuracy by 10%
Duh
Can you play my request next SirSprinkles?
6Was hired on Friday.
10Means they'll be on our ass more if we jokingly post in colours
SirSprinkles: new surprises? *glee*
6Maaaaaaaaaaaaybe.
14I'm a female, at least in spirit and mind. Lmao.
14Sounds so ghey.
7to me she's a woman
/me 06is watching 03»» 07Akon feat. Eminem - Smack That.vob 03«» 0202:09 / 04:12 [0302,02|02,02|02,02|02,02|02,02|02,02|02,02|02,02|02,02|02,02|0203,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|02] 03«»02 720x480 03«» 0229,97 fps 03«» 02~839.05KB/s (206.48MB) 03«» 02Chromatic MPEG 1 Video I Frame 03«» 02MPClassic 03««
/me HIDES
ok
03I'm just watching random music videos now
Congratulations Sathi
...Halloween special? season 2 live?
0Nope, Dari's script still catches it regardless
You are no longer alone
/me smacks that VOB
Haha.
7YES!
LOOOOL
0NO
oh DMann: you forget a channel? :p
6=D
14lol
0HIS IS LIGHT BLUE
>post white >blue kick. dat timing
Sathi is happy
GGgala: nope, but Dman did
a wide lens , in photography anyway, captures a broad viewing angle for the camera. It's good for landscape and urban shots but also close ups as it can produce humorous distortion effects
/me 7dances all around the modroom
/me 14dances too
14Yay, it worked.
I guess Dmann doesn't want to hear RainBro's name after the.....thing from earlier.
14I havent done a /me in years.
03LOL
03I know that much
lolwut
0I wish there was an Alestorm PMB
Now
14Yes, I know. like I said, its been a while since IRC.
two bits is rainbrodash?
Do you remember any IRC commands?
0PMV*
6This one so goes out to Octavia. =D
14I may have to look them up. Unless you wanna throw some at me.
03and my mom needs me to run to the bank for her, brb
TO HELL WITH RARITY.I HATE HER.SHE'S A BITCH.
inb4 Hate
6That kind of talk will earn you a swift kick.
I'm all for mods using mIRC (or another proper client) instead of mibbit by the way. :P
14Though I seen to have more options when I use mIRC than this.
6Not because of what Pony, but because any "this pony sucks" isn't tolerated.
It's...A Map
0ON EqD NOW BRB
14Yeah, I got on here on mIRC last night to check it out.
7Dari
oh I need that map
For now, just use the IRC stuff
7if you help me use colours
7I will switch
6"so and so is best pony" is okay, however.
14And re-familiarize myself with it.
I can set you up with a colour script.
I DIDN'T SAY THAT SHE SUCKS,I JUST SAID THAT I HATE HER.
7that be great
I'm sorry.
/me is just fine using IRC
Mibbit != IRC
I wub Rarity
is that acceptable?
Mibbit == IRC client
:P
mIRC == IRC client
14I've never used "Mibbit" before here.
WUBUBUBUBU
Nope. Kick time.
Well, mibbit is using the term client loosely.
6As long as you're keeping things positive.
FFFFFFFUUUUUU-
6Negativity starts mudfests.
14I've only used mIRC in the past.
Mibbit's a web application, IE crap.
So and So Pony is Best pony, but This Pony Sucks just flat out sucks as a pony
6We dislike mudfests.
...lolwut. saying ana imaginary pony sucks is against the rules?
/me 7is preparing to stream in a bit
It's the best web client though.
yay~
14It seems okay overall.
in before the genius asshole, and 'house is baws'
14Wheres the bold options and such?
On mibbit? No idea.
7* bold *
A huge mob of survivors and two chargers.Let's do this LEEEEEEEEEEEROY JEEEEEEEEENKIIIIIIINS.
7*bold*
6I need to stream more of what I used to stream...
I know mIRC is pretty simple though
6OLD CARTOONS AND NICK SHOWS
induring me installing Morrowind
_Testing to see if this will work_
I guess not
Request time?
0Trottawa and Mountréal
_Testing_to_see_if_this_will_work
0YES
0SIRSPRINKLES IS NOW BEST MOD
_testing_to_see_if_this_will_work_
LIKE A BAWS
7Dari how does mirc handle images?
Ah
It just shows a link.
LIKE A BAWS
0Start with Jackie Chan Adventures, pl
0plz*
7ah ok
0Can't get enough of dat Wheatus ending
2nded, Dave_BroZilla
14Yeah, I was wondering that too.
Mountreal? I saw Halifanks, but not that first one.
14Little bit of an issue here.
LIKE A BAWS
LIKE A BAWS
!pokemon
Kosoveon, you are a 5Golurk.
You double click the link and it opens it in a browser, no problem.
7brb refilling my wineglass
6>is totally not playing a bunch of mod related vids
induring LIKE A BAWS spam
0Mountreal was what someone said before
0But I did see Trottawa
Ah
0brb, dinner some mroe
inafter LIKE A BAWS spam
14I spose so.
dat Nope.avi joke
14So easy just to clock on the little image here and have it expand right next to the chat.
these are mod related?
0_o
14*click
My request.I want it.
Meh, I could write a script to auto-open any pictures people post.
Which would be faster than mibbit.
>mfw IM AWESOME ...and I'm a Mormon
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
lol
14Kinda wish the video had a pop out feature too.
@pony Joseph Smith
6 Joseph Smith is 15Rari6ty
You mean the stream?
Or what?
06i'm off for bwed
14Yeah, the stream.
@Pony
12Dman is 11Photofin15ish
06Gnite all
wut
sure why not
Meh, could do that I suppose.
7that be awesome!
7great idea!
14If I had duel monitors, its be easier to keep an eye on both the chat and watch the stream.
0YES
0SPOSE
/me 7is back in case you missed me
0CANADIAN
night
14Unless I just sign in on mIRC, since I can move it anywhere on the screen.
14WB Sathi :P
Wat?
7thanks!
0scratch that
0wiki disproved me
7mods inc
14I have a sucky small monitor right now tho, so not much viewing room.
0Needs more Klassified
Ohai RainBroDash
/me 7is using a 5 year old monitor as second monitor
14Scary. lol
14Ouch.
7it's on the replacement list
0@pony
12Dave_BroZilla is 8Apple Bl4oom
0NO
@awesomemeter Rainbow Dash
6 Rainbow Dash is 18% awesome. (1621)
My request plz.
Sounds about right.
14Yeah, same with mine.
0which is the request chat?
Sup Pegacorn
Nah, that's too much awesome for Rainbow
inb4 teal
0TAKE ON ME
ohey RainBroDash
0DO EET
Chorus guy > Everyone else
RainBroDash,Dman would like some anwsers to something
inb4 colgate licking screen pic
mfw wtf collective
Ohai WTF Collective
10Pegacorn has Dman lost his voice, or can he ask me himself? XD
10also robotpinkie <3
He can
10Then direct him my way? O.o
0Oh, what do you know, that is RainBroDash's colour
6inb4 Dman emotes everywhere
6Again
10.. eh?
10:3
>_>
6I don't get my stuff wrong, Dave.
It's always been his colour...
Don't start this again
0Well, blue is blue
0Red > Blue
0just saiyan
4God, I hope he doesn't
lol
10Sprinkles has defended my honour in my absence. I thank thee.
6ALL of the blues are taken save one.
6And that's not blue, it's teal.
10... and it's shit hard to read
2This one?
10the other blue is*
lol
10teal is win
Hi, all
4And why was Dman brought up?
6AHAHAHAHAHA
Ah someone has to do it http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-lMa6RX1G-fM/TlD3yPbUPSI/AAAAAAAAK0s/znhn4P6iRzM/s1600/colgatelick_by_colgatefim-d475u5e.png
ohai Barry
7LOL!
bai bai dave
10XD
10>3
10<3*
There, now it's done
0lulz script
hi J
0brb anyways, dinrar
10kk dave :)
hi again xD
6It was just said he wants to talk to RBD
4He's not in chat
6He was a moment ago.
6He just left.
4Oh dear
4WELP
10also, Dman had something to ask, you say?
4I guess RBD may have to do it himself
yes
You still stuck with the horrible screaching mic Sprinkles?
4Unless he begins emoting more and more
6I am not.
Hell yeah, $40.
Thought so.
Seriously, stop this shit about Dman now. :/
Something happened to Dman.
J~
6If he emotes, our new rules are up, and RBD can point Dman at myself, you, or Hipster, Ghosties.
hi
hi Kos!
yeah. he looks like he lost his internet
4True...but Dman never comes to us
4Ever
This one is awesome.
4In particular because him and RBD are in a skype group together
6I know.
4So I guess he feels he can escape the ire of the senior mods?
6If he keeps emoting to RBD when the rules specifically say who to go to for complaints, I'll drop a temp ban on him.
6I'm not even kidding.
6It's annoying.
4Yes it is
aboot
French verse is best verse.
6And it's disobeying the mods, which is clearly against the rules.
4True, it is
mfw Braeburn is canadian, he's WAY too sexy to be canadian
4Especially since he's talking about CB to RBD and emoting about it
He hasn't done anything right now.
J'vais dire une phrase en francais parce's'kicit on es blingue.THERE I SAID IT.I'M BLINGUAL.
6He's going to emote about Octavia and DE getting hired.
So STFU guys, you're the ones just spreading shit right now without even addressing HIM about your worries.
Seems hypocritical to me.
4u mad?
dat Gilda
6I can't address him.
6He's not online.
6Or else I would.
4And, again, he's going behind our backs
4When he should be addressing his concerns to us
dat Rarity
He doesn't HAVE to talk to you.
6I didn't even realize he was online until he was just online.
dat Twilight
Gilda moustache is best moustache
4His concerns are our concerns, especially when it concerns mods
dat Scootaloo
dat foreshadowing
6If it concerns who we hire as opposed to him, it kinda is.
dat Morrowind done installing
Seeya in hell Scootaloo.
DAT IZ A LOT OF BEE
dat Spike
We already decided that we're not hiring him, so why do you keep throwing shit at him, where he can't see it, the way you said he shouldn't do.
dat Celestia
DUDUN
4Oh
4trust me
VAGINA
4I'll tell him
You guys are doing exactly what you said he did.
4When he actually confronts us
6I'm not throwing shit at him.
I WANT MY REQUEST PLZ.
6I'm honestly waiting for him to be online to ask what the issue was in the first place. >>;
4Also
BITCHY
6Repeatedly asking for your request is only going to make me not want to play it...
Ohai Daxton
Ok
I just don't want this discussed any more, it's all irrelevant now, he's not going to be a mod, so why do you keep talking about it?
4We really need to all talk to him when we tell him we're not giving him a trial. I want to be as prepared as possible for a potential drama storm and/or ban
/me 7wants to ninja the stream
6I've stated this many, many times.
It's just i'm impatient.
4Because we haven't actually told him yet
6I'll hand it over after this vid, Sathi.
So?
7sure i'll start setting up
4Um...we're planning?
Best part of my day
What is there to plan?
10As long as it's not dari streaming
Doing heroic Ryolith in Firelands and spamming YAY on our vent channel
10I'm ok with this
4To tell him that he's not getting the position
>streamed this video yesterday
10AllisZero. You're a hero
:P
7did you record it?
4It's not so simple as saying "you're not getting it because of such and such"
Well I already know what I want to say.
4It concerns RBD who pretty much ratted on him
And would have told him.
4It also concerns CB, who he bitched about
I wonder where Dman went.
4Look
4We can all tell him exactly what we think, I don't care, but he needs to be told
It's late where Dman is... and here too.
This conversation didn't start about telling him he's not getting mod.
ohey again AllisZero
It started with you two bitching about him. :/
6As long as it's done in a professional manner.
6And I wasn't bitching. I was saying that he was going to complain to RBD.
6...which he was.
You guys keep talking about professionalism, from where I'm standing, I'm not seeing much of it.
4I'm astounded that you see absolutely nothing wrong with the fact that Dman clearly went out of his way to not voice his concerns to the mods he's supposed to voice his concerns to
7implying it's not late here?
Ghosties, I don't want to have this conversation again, you already know what I think and why.
4Your obtuseness quite honestly blinds me
I wanted to tell to RainBro what Dman wanted to know,but i don't remember exactly.
Hi
lol where are you again, Sathi?
FIRE EVERYWHERE OH MY GOD
7netherlands
Oh that's right, you're in the GMT zone
<3 The Netherlands
I'm half dutch, so...
7i'm half dutch too
Hopefully you inherited the best parts of both countries :P
7hihi well said
0I'M BACH
7alright i'm setting up now
0So, what PMVs did I miss?
6All of them.
6Every last one.
0Can't be
Aww
0Haven't seen mine
0It's not even on the YOuTube yet!
0HAHA!
6>sock on horn
6LAWL
0Dohoho
0so qt
0SHIT
How do I socks?
0I WAS TRYING TO AVOID THAT STAGE OF BRONYDOM
0I CAN'T GO BACK NOW
0OH GOD
It's too late now!
6>implying you can avoid any stage of bronydom
/me laughs maniacally
0*curls into fetal position and weeps*
Great idea
DAMN YOU ROBOTPINKIE!
On a boss where doing damage to his legs
nyoro~n :3
And trying to keep stuff that's following him to hit him...
DO DAMAGE TO ONE LEG AND MAKE HIM SPIN LIKE A BALLERINA
0And I'm going to attack his weak point for massive damage...
Massive, massive damage?
Also
Someone who swore to hate FIM Forever
0Massive, massive damage
Has just been turned into a Brony
0GREAT SUCCESS
Oh man... I loved that so much in Viva Piñata...
So it holds true, you can't avoid any stage of bronydom, ever
"So DJ P0N-3 is kinda awesome..."
What stage can't we avoid?
The hatred stage?
I skipped that part...
EXPLOSION
I was neutral towards it
Before watching it.
Godspeed you magnificent bastard!
Some people though, oh boy, anything that can put a dent on their self-made idea of masculinity...
0I figured it was a fad when I saw all those pony threads on 4chan
0what turned me over was an edited entry on a wikia that got screencapped on Memebase AfterDark
There was initial confusion, then "eh, I got nothing better to do right now", then OMFG WHY WUB WOO SO MUCH PONIES
0That whole "PINKIE PIE IS A MOTHER FUCKER. YOU AIN'T NEVER EXPERIENCE A HIGH LIKE FRIENDSHIP"
0That thing
Haven't seen that.
0And I figured, oh, what can it hurt.
This is what i said:http://wiki.teamfortress.com/w/images/c/c8/Soldier_HatOverHeartTaunt05.wav
0I'll try and find the link real quick
It works.
0http://memebaseafterdark.com/2011/04/26/naughty-memes-pinkie-pie-get-it-done/
0This one
6I'll brb
6getting some food
0And from there, went through all the epis up till 24, got excited for Party of one which was two days from then
:D
0And found EqD after it hit the 5 or 6 million mark
Haha
0HOW HARD CAN THIS BITCH PARTY? HARDER THAN ANDREW WK ON FUCKING CRACK, THAT'S HOW HARD.
This is true.
I think I'm coming into the fandom at a good time
03LOL, I have never seen an ATM that was out of cash
03I had to drive to a different aTM
03*ATM
Godspeed you magnificent bastard.
Not too late that I miss the wait for sweet season 2
0I second Pegacorn
indeed sir
Pinkie Pie fucking INVENTED parties after seeing a sonic rainboom
/me watches Inspector Gadget on Cartoon Network
that's how awesome Pinkie is
03>A Disney movie that's on CN rather than Disney Channel
And not too early that the season 2 wait is painful
0I SEE YOUR TROLLING BULLSHIT, IT'S GOT NOTHING ON THIS GIRL'S PRANKS
Hey ReticentSmolder
'sup ReticentSmolder
I am here, and thus I am
But again I've been waiting patiently for more Full metal Panic since 2005
You finish Zero Mission yet?
yes
I beat it in 4:13:04
Heh.
0Are you error?
How do you shot web?
0EXISTENTIALISM: Perhaps we are all error.
My hard mode save from right before the last boss is at 3:40
yeah, but that's first run time
SQUEE
Yeah, I think my first one was around 4:30 or so.
0After seeing a GoNintendo user avatar, I just made the connection Zero Mission --> Metroid
Dave_Brozilla, you did it wrong
yes
I kinda overwrote it so I dunno what it was anymore.
0How so?
0also, sup Barry
Zero is a remake of the first Metroid
Ow
my ears
It's supposed to be I call your trolling, and raise you whatever
BTW,i was quoting the Soldier's thoughts on Bill from L4D.
7alright
The whatever being an object of your choice
whatamIlisteningto.jpg
7stream is up
0My brain hurts from the logic you write towards me
0inb4nyan
nyan
Dunno about you guys, but I'm listening to Harmony of a Hunter. :p
0does anyone else see fangs
0oh, nvm
...........................*chhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH weeeeeeeee chhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
0that's a house
What are watching?
Wat?
something weird with sound?
also sound is really fucked
0But what the hell are we watching?
audio is screwed up
Echo and distortion
7a sec fixing it
what is this?
AND THEN THEY FUCKED
LOLWUT
PONY PEN & PAPER!
7it's house season 1 ep 10
Moar House!
7restarting for sound fix
and then... everpony gamed
0I feel like I should stop watching so I don't spoil myself when I eventually do start watching House for the first time
indeed
16.66666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666
who here plays LoL?
lol RobotPinkie
0I lol on occasion
03stupid cellphone has no service down here
I used to play LoL
/me uses 5the landline instead
03-5
Legend of legaia?
I lawl
6am back
03HML
League of Legends.
03http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0056UOUHS/ref=olp_product_details?ie=UTF8&me=&seller=
oh
03back in stock :)
I'm in the 460 win bracket elo...it sucks
6btw Octavia, that's kinda something you'll have to do in mod chat during streams, since we need to know who all is... actually here.
FFFFFF Morrowind isn't working for me...
sometimes it'll be me, a 300, and 3 100 wins against a team of 500+...just cuz the queue like to fuck with me
0Eyup...I'mma go watch Jackie Chan Adventures
lol
I'm on the boat, but I can't talk to anyone and can't move. Just look around.
I might play SH2
Jack chan adventure is pretty boss
SH2?
0So true
But house is bawserer
Silent hill 2
as in Silent Hill 2?
yay! Awesome game, that.
yes
0But House doesn't have a catchy theme song by Wheatus
I've never played it
Looking forward to the HD collection this fall.
0inb4SilentPonyville
MIGHT buy it if it's cheap enough.
just read its ending ^
0There's an HD collection coming?
EXPLOSION
Yep, Silent Hill and MGS are both getting HD updates on 360 and PS3
0Only one I've played is Shattered Memories on Wii...and I honestly can't get past the first encounter with the face-huggers.
14Do what exactly?
0Hum, might be a worthwhile investment
MGS will have 2 and 3, same with Silent Hill.
Since SH4 wasn't really a Silent Hill game.
0Wait, isn't the 3DS MGS a remake of MGS3?
Hm
Well, yeah, I think so.
6Saying you're going afk or whatever.
everything is a remake of everything nowadays
0Indeed
0nothing original
I like HD updates
I play it for the plot
0It's merely how you combine old concepts into something not done before
6Of course do so in mod chat, we don't like to have the chat know when we're short a mod.
at least when it's games I love already.
14Oh, okay. I will.
03hn
03*hm
03just called Office Depot, they said they are going to send me the two tablets I bought XD
I dunno, some new things come out, it's just not as frequent as in the 80's and 90's
0StarFox Adventures Dinosaur Planet and F-Zero GX would be balling to have HD on console
0rather than through Project Dolphin
14Do I just -need- to be here during the movie nights, or you want me here as much as I can?
Minecraft is pretty revolutionary...
Minecraft is great
14I'm guessing whenever I can.
6Basically if you can't make it say so.
I want an HD update of another Rare game....
14Okay.
YES!
0But Minecraft was based on another game the creator thought had so much potential
0so even it can't claim full originality
14I know the BMN's I need to be.
NEW F-ZERO! SO MUCH WANT!
super awesome bonus props to anyone that can guess which one :P
14I just meant the slow times.
4Just come in some times
0Rare, eh?
Banho?
14Alright.
4Make an appearance and interact with the regulars
0Perfect Dark?
6Yeah, just stop in every now and then.
Bajo?
Banjo?
0GoldenEye?
14I'm usually multitasking a ton, but will do.
4That way, they'll identify you as a good mod
0Donkey Kong Country from the SNES?
14True enough.
Only too me three tries to not screw it up...
6Like, I stop in, and usually just lurk.
it starts with "Jet"
4Right
6I'll do something else, but I'm still in the chat.
14Yeah, I lurk a bit of the time.
Hey everypony, i'm back!
yup!
4And usually we're met with hellos by the locals
0Thank you
6>usuall
6*usually
4Rare made good games once upon a time
6Try always
0had a massive brain fart just then, lol
That would be... so orgasmic if they made an HD version
0Before they got sold to M$
4Hah, yeah, true XD
SilverMane!You're back!I need anwsers!
What's on the stream?
0Well, all the good devs left before then
6There is ALWAYS somepony here.
...oh, okay Pegacorn
I still like Rare
0but at least we would've had Banjo Kazooie and Tooie on the Wii VC like it was meant to be
4Didn't use to be though, remember?
We listnening to something?
Viva Pinata is awesome
0And Perfect Dark
0and GoldenEye
listening*
4It used to be just me, Sprinks and dari
4In the off hours
6Not like the good ol' days when it was me, you and dari up until 2 AM and then just dari the rest of the week.
Ahaha
That was fun. XD
4Haha, right
0and everything else that wasn't 1st party Nintendo
4God, I miss those days
Trying to fix sound I think, Dari.
4We've become too mainstream >.<
6...Hipster, is that you?
13http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WaAsR-jvRJs&feature=related
4...maybe
[1,0You0,4Tube]: Pokémon Expert? | by SsteinwayS | Length: | Views: 2 601
Ahh, cool.
4Oh god, I hope not
4Fuck now
Lawl
4*no
13Oh my god seriously
6XDDDDDDDDDD
Dman has encountered something recently.A fic where he was totally out of character,and you and RainBroDash were trying to get it on with him.HE NEEDS TO KNOW WHO THE HELL MADE THIS SO HE CAN SLAP THEIR SHIT.
i can tell from the medical jargon and seeing quite a few episodes in my time
13I'd love to be given that much money for a question like that LOL
4I like Hipster...but no thanks
We're reminiscing already.
lol
Pegacorn... me, RBD, and Dman?
4There's nothing wrong with reminiscing
0And after he slaps their shit
let me check my files, see if i have it
6We're on week... 16?
0I want to give said person a high five
I see no House?
I know, but BMN isn't exactly old yet. XD
6That's FOUR MONTHS.
4I truly do long for the days when there was no one here during the off hours
SilverMane: technically, no. it was you and Dman. RainBroDash was jealous.
violently jealous.
Oh, what's going to stream, lol
ah...
sup SilverMane?
hey smolder
6In internet terms that's FOREVER.
03LOL
03EW RECORDING HE TV
03*THE
4Pretty much lol
4Haha, just think about after Season 2 is done
6Like, Ponies has only existed 10 months.
4Then we will be mainstream
0DAMMIT, GONINTENDO
0UPDATE WITH NEWWWWSSSSSSSSSSSS
6We'll be... the mane stream.
6*shot*
03but I totally want to record that episode now
/me 4doesn't actually use ponyisms
Ih nice
/me 4is too cool for that
03well
03I'm facing a dilemma here
What happened? xD
4I'm too Gilda XD
10PEGACRON sorry was afk
03I can save a little bit of money by cancelling my Office Depot order and buying them from Amazon instead, since no sales tax
6I use them only because I'm used to autotyping to whatever filters filter to.
0Also, who's psyched for Senran Kagura on 3DS?
03but I've had Amazon orders be like "oh s9orry, we're sold out"
03-9
10I don't have my fic archive on this computer
03so I dunno :/
6Like, the most random things.
So That Fluttershy plushie dat showed up on EQD a while ago sold for 300$
4In a sense
I ahve that story Pegacorn, Dman, but I have NO idea who wrote it.
How much money are you saving?
...wow
4It's just me, sprinks, and dari in the mod chat
4at the moment
10But I know which one you're on about, and I can tell you in like a week when I get home XD
0shit
4JUST LIKE OLD TIMES
03about $20
7no its not
03for two tablets
4NO SATHI
4NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
7:D
LOL
03actually it's like $10
Brb learning how to make pony plushies
03Office Depot has free shipping, but sales tax
4Congratulations, Sathi
03so it's $318 for two
4You just ripped apart my nostalgia
Your nostalgia just exploded Ghosties.
Haha
03Amazon has no tax but shipping, it's $308 fot two
03*for
Damn
RainBroDash, i have that story on pastebin, but the author name is not in any of the lines
Too slow.
7i'm sorry :(
Yeah wtf seriously?
4T_T
03http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANKYbuVOyks&NR=1 <- LOL
[1,0You0,4Tube]: $500,000 Pokémon question on WWTBAM | by ChiSportsNut18 | Length: | Views: 89 714
14I guess I kinda screwed it up too. lol
I'm not sure either, but Amazon might run out again
03I can't actually hear it because it's another one of those stupid video camera recordings
03but that's hilarious
4Well, now you did >.<
14Haha.
14You're welcome. ;)
03so you think I should just keep my Office Depot order?
4Meh
I wonder what custom gala dresses would go for...
10silvermane I may have written it down
LOL
Yeah
10but I dunno
irl? hundreds, thousands perhaps
10>.>
6FEMALE(S?)? IN MY CHAT?
no idear RBD waifu
Lawl.
I mean brushable size gala dresses...
4Love the "?" part
14Its more likely than you think?
I mean, you could save 318$ if you cancel and Amazon runs out
Brushie brushie
14Hah
6...also, Octavia uses the ;) emote a lot just like Sathi. XD
03LOL
03but then I wouldn't get any tablets
14Oops.
14lol
14Must be a female thing.
/me is rushing towards the fic while the Startled Witch music cue from L4D plays.
14Betches love smileys.
4Must be
oh... that size RobotPinkie
Exactly
6I got that bitch an emote.
14Cant remember where I heard that from...
6Bitches love emotes.
So don't take the risk
xD
14That ^
well market value, 5-10 bucks. Ebay-Brony value, 25-100 bucks
6I don't even remember, tbh.
For the Solar Empire? wait... if it's anything like 'For the Lunar Republic' it's going to be sexy awesome leet
03http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sLaxWC1EKHM&NR=1 :<
[1,0You0,4Tube]: "We No Longer Have Phone-a-Friend" - Who Wants to be a Millionaire [Old Format] | by mecha03 | Length: | Views: 112 945
/me garbles out the Startled Witch Sound Effects while running around.
14Ah well, its funny regardless.
Hmm
(brb,gotta take a shower)
Pegawitch? Ohshi--
Huh... might not be worth it, then.
(and Pegacorn, i hope you kept quiet about our... discussion?)
I think I got to B2 or something.
7mibbit needs more smileys!
Guess I should get into plushies instead
did you fight any Warrior Undead, big mini-boss fuckers?
No.
03but yeah, I think I'll tell LL to buy one through Amazon
03since her tablet is kinda garbage
alrighty. you'll be able to beat the game with 4 hours more effort, 6 if you go for secret boss and the tournament
6dari, you have the chatlog of the order for the eps for next week?
I'll look in a minute.
6I kept losing it because my comp kept restarting while I was updating the code. >>;
6It happened to me like, three times last night.
6So I just said fuck it.
BRONYSTATE! WHY SO QUIET
Looking at intarwebs!
03it does now
13British version doesn't have a time limit for any of the questions o-o
Needs moar house
13well last time I checked anyway
03when they switched from Regis to that lady they added the time limit
03the show pretty much died when they got rid of Regis :(
03http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMNDwhxhUgI&feature=related
[1,0You0,4Tube]: Millionaire Phone a Friends using the internet | by Sashinator0 | Length: | Views: 44 560
03on the t'hird one, the video quality is so bad you can't even see options C and D :/
Trying to figure out if it's worth making more than one set of gala dresses...
7HOUSE is coming
7just sound derps fixing
RobotPinkie, if you custom-fit them with a plushie designer, you can work together to sell for over 150 on ebay
Sewing machine arrives on Friday, probably, which is good.
after all, a custom Fluttershy plushie was at $85 with 6 days left at auction
6The lupis is affecting the sound.
14Think its near $200 now. Last time I checked anyway.
I like detail, though, Silvermane. I'm just thinking it might be too much work.
well, if you make it once, you should be able to duplicate with less effort, correct?
14A plushie? Yeah. You should have a pattern to follow to make more.
Yeah, that's very much correct.
What are you guys going to do when you run out of colours for all the mods?
well, it's an investment of many resources, but the question really isn't if it's worthwhile, but if you can simply afford the time expense
6Also, I ran into a friend of mine I haven't seen for like, a year, in the bathroom. He starts talking to me. My only reaction "No talking in the restroom. Man Law, dude." and waited for him outside.
lol
SirSprinkles, best way to remember a friend ever
14Haha
6That just happened earlier.
14Thats how I am in the restroom too.
6Like a half hour ago.
cool shit bro
6I ran into my uncle a week ago.
6We both just looked at eachother and met up outside.
Octavia the plushie was taken down from ebay
14Really?
why was it taken down?
Copyright or somesuch
6Plagiarism
14Ahh.
was sold on another website for 300$
14Sad.
02*WB03(Kosoveon03)02WB* - <Kosovo> Don't make me Octopus you. >:/
14lol
14Wow.
6Pony stuff is really being cracked down on, sadly.
what? really? that's kinda... crap, but I understand it. they should have argued right of parody
14It never ceases to amaze me how much some of these things go for.
might ahve saved it
Hasbro really needs to notice just how big of a demand there is amongst us bronies
14A custom NMM made from a Celestia I was eying went for $202 on Ebay.
14Well, the problem with mass-produced toys is the cost to make them. They need to be certain they will sell so many.
(I'm back)
14And the really high quality stuff is a bit more than Hasbro is willing to spend to make toys.
they don't really NEED toys, they need collectibles and stuffed variations, as well as shirts
14Fan toys are usually highest quality stuff.
hey Pegacorn, Silver said you wanted to give me suggestions :P
hi, octavia
Phai MirthTinker.
Molded hair is best hair.
14Hi Barry
*Ohai
14Indeed, I like molded hair myself too.
Octavia are you a new mod?
14I think most Bronies agree on that. ;)
dammit tink...
14Looks like it. lol
Cool gratz
Brushable ponies are best ponies. :P
14I've been here a while, but I'm usually pretty quiet.
14Hey now. :P
4Dave_BroZilla mentioned existentialism
PEGAWITCH ON THE CASE
4Can't believe I missed a potential discussion on existentialism
7alright here we go
7take II
lol seriously though, I do love the brushables
Brushie Brushie
14I dont mind the brushables.,
Can't sew dresses for molded ponies
Brushie Brushie
Brushables only works when they do the hair RIGHT in the first place
Sathi, I'm reminded of Hoity-Toity when you said Take II
Dash's hair doesn't look right with brushables.
6Yes, Ziltoid, Octavia and Denied_Existence are both new mods.
7sound okay now?
:<
not really
14Ah, Zilt is the third, okay.
Sound very low, but no weird echo
4Yep, Octavia and Denied_Existence got it
a bit low
Quality is fine, volume is really quiet.
6No.
i hear nothing over a tv
4I've seen this episode
6I was talking to Ziltoid.
7better?
lol
14Oooh.
Better but still quiet
14Thought we had a third.
4Yep
4CB is also new mod
14Oh, okay.
14I see now.
wb Kos
Im to terrible to be a mod
Sound is good on my end.
6AND POSSIBLY MORE TO COME!
6WHO KNOWS?
7better?
sound is better now
lawl
dat tease
7and stream quality?
dat seizure
quality is fine
Stream quality is good.
7great thanks
7enjoy the show
6SEX HER IN THE FACE
WITH PLEASURE
7House is up
Lawl
03hm
dat chick with glassess... HNNNNGGGG
03http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FU14bYbJWVw <- is this some movie or something?
[1,0You0,4Tube]: Who wants to be a Millionaire - Major Fraud 8 | by RomeijnLand | Length: | Views: 464 250
4And there we are
6inb4 all the baws
thanks
Wait
@aero
and then the cops attack
Dash's hair has kinda weird colors on the brushable, but it looks fine
The sounds isnt suppose to be like this right?
sound is echoey
@bawsmeter SirSprinkles
4Echo?
6 SirSprinkles is 88% baws. (1622)
oh the audio is very wrong
The weird echo is back again.
6Sound is massively wonky.
7grrr
6>88
yeah it's back... weird
7bah
6STYLISH DUB 8'S GET
0@Modworthymeter Dave_BroZilla
6 Dave_BroZilla is 36% Modworthy. (1623)
Switch up bits per sample to 32 maybe?
0not enough
On both instances of VAC?
And set priority at realtime for both?
Oh really now
@sexymeter Silvermare
6Silvermare is 1276000916956% sexy.
6The Magnet has spoken!
@pony The pony that would be the best mod
lol
6 The pony that would be the best mod is 5A8ce
that always makes me feel better :D
SIGN HIM UP THEN!
XD
14Haha
6@modworthymeter Octavia
6 Octavia is 89% modworthy. (1625)
6...XD
14:P
sounds about right
Ace has pants and a beard, that's very modworthy
6@modworthymeter SirSprinkles
6 SirSprinkles is 24% modworthy. (1626)
6YES
Trololo
14LOL
so it DOES work
6@adminworthymeter SirSprinkles
6 SirSprinkles is 49% adminworthy. (1627)
4@modworthymeter
6 You are 48% modworthy. (1628)
4Eh, better than SirSprinkles :P
@modworthymeter
6 You are 92% modworthy. (1629)
WIN!
0@godworthymeter Dave_BroZilla
4@adminworthy
6@modworthymeter
6 Dave_BroZilla is 11% godworthy. (1631)
6 You are 54% modworthy. (1632)
@colour_worthymeter
6 You are 81% colour_worthy. (1633)
0damn
6@colorworthy
Woo! Gimme colour text!
@modworthymeter Sathi
6 Sathi is 11% modworthy. (1634)
6@colorworthymeter
6 You are 27% colorworthy. (1635)
4@adminworthymeter
6 You are 91% adminworthy. (1636)
0@gokairedmeter Captain Marvelous
6 Captain Marvelous is 44% gokaired. (1637)
4AHAHAHA
6I'm just so awesome. XD
@modworthymeter
6 You are 78% modworthy. (1638)
4You see that?
foreshadowing
4I'm 91% admin worthy
Well I'm still 92% modworth.
y
0@streamworthymeter
6 You are 39% streamworthy. (1639)
@modworthymeter
6 You are 66% modworthy. (1640)
4admin is better than mod
@adminworthymeter
0@good_for_nothingmeter
6 You are 15% adminworthy. (1641)
6 You are 61% good_for_nothing. (1642)
6XD
0...now I are sad
6Best. Roll. Ever.
I'd make a shit admin
Well, you may be admin worth Ghosties.
But I HAVE admin
@good_for_somethingmeter Dave_Brozilla
TROLOLO
6 Dave_Brozilla is 23% good_for_something. (1643)
0Still terrible
6You don't currently have admin, just owner.
XD
That was a pretty weak trololo Dari...
0@self-esteem_levelmeter
6 You are 78% self-esteem_level. (1646)
Pfft
6@founderworthy
0WAT
0LIES
6@founderworthymeter
6 You are 9% founderworthy. (1648)
>has admin
6...FAWKYES
@best_ponymeter RobotPinkie
6 RobotPinkie is 72% best_pony. (1649)
0@original_viewermeter
6 You are 30% original_viewer. (1650)
6@ponymeter @pony
6 @pony is 90% pony. (1651)
@spammeter this chat
6 this chat is 44% spam. (1652)
6@pony @ponymeter
6 @ponymeter is 4Big Macint7osh
Yay!
4@original_modmeter
6 You are 80% original_mod. (1653)
4MOAR LIKE 100%
4AMIRITE
6@FAWKING_AWESOMEmeter
6 You are 52% FAWKING_AWESOME. (1654)
0Naw, you forget Hipster
6...
NOURRONG
@dead_by_spammingmeter this chat
4Doesn't mean Hipster is original mod, he is original founder
0@depressedmeter
HE WAS MY WORLD
OF WARCRAFT FRIEND
14lol
RANDOM "PATRICK HATES" VID!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kHZQA41fi_c&feature=related
lol
7and backup
That looks like 100% to me...
This looks good
7derpy likes to play around with my speakers
6Sathi, turn sound up.
7and it looks like my headset is dying
sound a bit low
6There we go.
14So as halfop, can I actually do anything yet? :P Since I'm new to Mibbit still, I dont know if theres options I'm missing I didnt have before or not.
House is best building
Kill all sons o' bitches.That's mah official instructions.
4...where is that from?
i brought snacks, whatcha all up to?
7someone played a little too much left4
Exactly
4Oh, L4D
03LOL Eurotrash
We're up to House, Wrek
03http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQoNWw0G2AY
[1,0You0,4Tube]: Who wants to be a Millionaire - Major Fraud | by RomeijnLand | Length: | Views: 781 675
03apparently it was a special on ITV
L4D2's intro to be exact.
03about this guy who chated
hehe
03*cheated
6You can kick.
4But not ban
4Not yet
6But all you can kick is regular users.
6It won't even let you kick other halfops. XD
The black doctor is always a dick
13Oh I remember that
THIS USED TO BE A NICE NEIGHBOORHOOD BEFORE SHIPPING EXISTED.
14Well, no. Of course not. :P
6Sathi! Volume up!
lol
and this show always has tumors
Pegacorn, it was never a nice neighborhood. I just made it sexier
14Where's the kick option even though?
It gets repetitive after a while
6just "/kick name"
14Oh... derp.
SilverMane,i was making a L4D2 joke.
IZ NAH A TUMAAH
14Sorry. Been a long time.
6It's fine.
ITS NOT A TUMAH
DAMMIT
6We have to train all the new mods anyway.
14I need to read more about all this.
03yeah, I want a DVD or something
6We have a list on the forums...
03I miean, I'm watching this on YouTube but I hate watching YT videos :/
03such crap quality
6lemme give you a link to the mod forums, actually...
why is House wearing a turtle neck
Sathi, needs volume.
Because hes house
6http://s13.zetaboards.com/BronyState/index/
he can wear the fuck he wants
14I noticed it said someone who gets kicked one week, they can get banned the next for going against the rules again. Do we keep track of that or does it do that automatically?
but but but... it's not a black rock shirt
6We keep track.
14Okay.
!pillow
3.14
6We generally know who causes trouble.
;o
6And I keep a manual list when I'm here.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wgy0IqUAi2M
PEN AND PAPER
13Oh, forgot to change my nick back LOL
YOU SO OLD SCHOOL SPRINKLES
:P
You win Edward
03LOL scripts
4Sprinks kicking it OLD SCHOOL
Keeping it real?
14Oh no, another place I need to make an account for. lol And ahhh.
6I don't lose it this way.
6XD
omfg House, eww
DY-NO-MITE
DY-NO-MITE
hi everypony
hello macsweene
Just trying to show SilverMane why he's wearing a sweater
14Lmao
4But yeah, I wonder if we moved your application on the forum yet...
I mean turtleneck
thankee EdwardNewgate
House has to do what house gotta do
what are we doing?
4If not, you can get a little taste of deja vu
6Sathi's doing it now.
inb4 I fall asleep during House
watching clop fics
that were animated
wut
watching clop fics?
oh i remember this episode! its where they *spoiler*
05drf I need suggestions for a new PSU
I wish!
actually no i dont
03OK
I'm watching L4D2.
i'd rather not see animate clopfic
uh volume
7and done
03I suggest getting one by ULTRA
03Those guys have lifetime warranties
It's better than shipping,that's for sure!
He's gonna turn into a zombie, kill him now!
Uh huh, yeah right
14Something special I need to do, or just create an account?
lol Pegacorn
4Just create an account
there ya go
4Do mod stuff, make your profile
03though it's a bit expensive
L4D2 BEATS SHIPPING BY A LONG RUN.
03http://www.tigerdirect.com/applications/SearchTools/item-details.asp?EdpNo=4558892&Sku=U12-40503
4Or hang out in The Lounge
NO WAI BRO
7account needs to be enabled though :P
Well ponies beat L4D2 any day, so...
03lemme find you something cheaper
7*trollface*
LIES
What about L4D2 ponies?
L4D2 is beaten by... almost everything
WHEN PONIES ARE JUST SHIPPING MAGNETS,IT'S BETTER TO PLAY L4D2.END.
Ponies > all
/me doesn't like L4D
14Okie dokie lokie.
03http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16817139021
Well, I'm not saying shipping, I'm saying ponies, Pegacorn...
DAT RACISM
SilverMane,Y U ANGER THE PEGAWITCH?
03any less than like $100 and you risk having it fry your components like that Sunbeam did to me :/
Just bats.
YOU BASTARD
So we can mix Silvermane and Pegacorn's interests
DAMNIT
no shipping l4d zombies. undead kink creaps me out
wdwardnewgate lol
05heh
You know....i'm okay with your idea Edward.
7ohai Wrek
edwardnewgate*
7did not see you
Did you not SEE the picture Silvermane?
7:)
House vs art
and hi sathi :D
lol
oh, i've seen that one before
sexy look, creepy implications
7did you register yourself?
Why, the witch is hot
that's why i said sexy look
but she's DEAD, so creepy implications
I guess...
14Not yet.
14I will in one sec.
14I'm doing so much at once right now.
i don't like any form of necrophilia
just gives me the *shudder* GAAAAHHHAH
14It says log in only, do I have to use a certain name and password?
6You should be able to register.
14Lemme see.
like a bunny
>bunny on crystal meth
14Here we go.
like a bunny
6Click "Join our community!"
14I found it.
hmm
Hunter x Witch:A ship that i approve.
... and you say ponies are creepy to ship
ZoeyXWitch my OTP
NOPE
Sorry, Tank X Witch
Suddenly iPod connected
I never said anything about ponies being creepy to ship.
And lulz,i started a "Who do you think should be with the Witch" war.
03http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ck6KU4gHPaw&feature=related
[1,0You0,4Tube]: Snoop Dogg - Who Wants To Be A Millionaire - Regis Philbin - 10th Anniversary Special On ABC | by johnisoverthere | Length: | Views: 80 122
ohai all
limping twurp
hey he jsut made that up
hi dermathil
13Seems I've got you hooked on looking up WWTBAM videos :P
ohai mark
/me runs
Ohai Dermathil
03Yep :|
ohai Dermathil Who do you think should be shipped with the Witch?
it doesnt translate into that at all! :C
and definetly bill edward
03It used to be one of my favorite game shows
03it kinda sucks now though, it died when they got rid of Regis
Zoey, Edward.
/me brohoofs Dermathil
Silvermane, Edward
or why not witch, spitter?
wait, what did i just volunteer for?
Because of dat pic
I stand by my word.Hunter is the one who should be with the Witch in my opinion.
necrophilia
13I don't really see it on tv here anymore, me and my family used to watch it all the time years ago though
why... are people shipping... FUCKING CORPSES
Anyways just passing by
ok dermy-wurmy
03same
Silvermane, they weren't always corpses.
http://i40.tinypic.com/28lz9j7.jpg
Regis was the best
03I love when I got the answers right and the contestant got it wrong
the new host just doesn't have the same charisma
They aren't corpses,they're humans infected with a virus.
14I got a code "This account does not need to be confirmed"
yeah
6That's because I confirmed it.
They're corpses after I've been through the area. :D
14Ah, alright then.
lol
14Should be good to go then.
6And already gave you your name color.
hehe
03my parents always say I shoulda been on a gameshow, because I know lots of random useless information xD
Dashite ;_______________________________;
Dashite... that comic
Q.Q
Pinkie post it again
KILL IT WITH FIRE
14Ah, there we go. Cool. Thanks.
lolwut RobotPinkie
oi robot, vad haru länkat nurå? :O
I LUV HORSES.
good, caught it that time
7SirSprinkles: you won the speedtest
7gratz
Wut
Wait.
Wut
Wut
7we were both in admincp :P
13LOL you should :P
7but he was faster
03yeah
03they have lots of college students
13then you can record yourself and put it on youtube so we can all watch you win/fail epically
Oh.
03Yep
I thought you meant internet speed.
03one of my IRC friends was on Jeopardy
speedtest.net
03the youth version
6I'm a GETter, you expect me NOT to be fast?
I got globally muted from my guild's vent channel
LOL
kan du /msg den till mig?
7nah that race I would win..I think
Scapel fight!
WARNING:Do not anger the Pegawitch.
*: Do
6You probably have a higher uload/dload than me.
>probablu
>Sathi
03LOL WTF, with the celebrities they only answer one question
Definitely.
XD
03I remember there was an actual episode that had Tyrese, he went through the whole game
Goddamn smiley faces
She has 34 mbps ULPOAD.
03of course they all cheated since they're famous XD
That still blows my mind
So cold...
6WHAT THE FAWKES THE PHOENIX?
And then SilverMane was a lie.
Bitches LOVE smiley faces
And then Pegacorn was a Witch.
Every boss kill, I yell
"GOOD JOB EVERYPONY"
I got muted
03...LOL
03Katy Perry named her cat Kitty Purry
7hahaha
as in chronic lying?
we one-shotted Beh'tilac today
14Hah, reading my recruitment archive. Fun stuff. :P
7Who will be around for tomorrow's interviews?
the second she died i played "10 seconds flat"
Hahahaha nice
7wat.
6You ask the room with only dari and Octavia in it.
We're working on heroic Beth, it's a pain in the ass
14Hah.
Not sure, I might be out tomorrow.
Bethalholm?
14And of course, I'm not prepared to give interviews myself.
LAWL
03I love when it takes them like half the 30 seconds just to read the question
Lawl
Haha, oh wow
7well you can of course tune in
"There was this old guy with a cane"
CUPCAKES IS A LIE
BURN IT
6We actually encourage you to be there and watch.
14What times are they?
6...also, why do I want to post the chatlog for TacoWiz in a thread labeled "THE WORST INTERVIEW OF ALL TIME?
there
14lol Uh oh.
7do eet
7I want a good laugh
6...Imma do it.
I LIED
7@Octavia 1:30 / 2:30 / 3:30
>cop shows
oh noes!
14Eastern right?
oww
7exactly
DIABEETUS
14Beetus beetus beetus!
OH SNAP
HE'S INFECTED
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0H2fH3K044
SOMEONE SHOOT HIM BEFORE HE TURNS!
filly fritata!
Rabies wut
Grimdark shipping, wut?
6Done and done.
14Oooh, earlyish for me.
...wat?
EqD story
?
14I might be able to make them.
PEGAWITCH IS ON THE CASE
4Make what?
14The mod interviews tomorrow.
7oye sprinks
Pegatwitchy-sense
03hai LL
7now only you and me can read it
12hai Danny~
lolwut
hello everybody
hows everybody doing?
wb Insane
thanks had some work to do
care for a video?
oh god that Twixie pic
4Ah
about to go off to bed now actually
aww okais
sorry
cya soon then :)
cya :3
12night Nick
6Everyone has the Admin forum mask.
6Just not access to Admin CP.
/me gets on XB
03*XBL
Okay, seeya
/me follows suit
>tags: lovecraft
/me thinks this is one of the saddest House eps
hi LL
hi ll
CONFOUND YOU HOUSE YOU DRIVE ME TO EMOTION
7yes it is...
Ziltoid nailed it
My internet dun derped.
noticed
you never replied
Wrek.
>Friendship
SHeppard
PegacornBackup mfw
/me goes to sleep
02Night all~
Ziltoid. :p
dashite
I think House needs a lesson from Twilight Sparkle
Wrek
EdwardNewgate
dashite
Wrek
Dashite.
I should go.
Ziltoid.
THis is silly
cya Wrek
You are all silly
And yet we are doing it anyway. :p
we are silly fillies!
7ready for next ep?
Yes
OH YEAH
jahwol
Wrek
<3 luna background
Wrex
Sexy time
4...why is that girl familiar?
Cause you've seen this episode?
where have i seen here before? her face makes me wanna punch something
She's from your dreams, Ghosties.
her*
...
wut
I FEEL ROBBED
14Dat car... I'd hit that.
lolol Octavia
DERP
6Dat swurving like a baws.
4DAT ACTION SLIDE
dude wat
LIKE A BAWS
LOL
Fail
14Watched too much Toyko DDrift.
Oh
LIKE A DOOR STOP
LIKE A BUS
Wrong chat
AMAZING INTRO
...like a baws indeed
Fail.
fail
Herdmind
Damn, RobotPinkie winds
wins*
Dari, brohoof?
14lol :P
/me brohoofs EdwardNewgate
Son,I am dissapoint
/me flexes muscles. "Lookin' good, RobotPinkie! Lookin' REAL good!"
12hai Kosovo <late>
MADNESS
Back with my normal account.
lol
Lol at that
lol
6*raises hand*
guy
ohai LL
but Black Dynamite, I sell drugs to the community!
lol
and now he's interested
Oooh... shiny glass board.
LUPUS
6LUPIS
LUPUS
6*LUPUS
induring lupus
14In after Lupis
WHAT IS IT WITH THIS SHOW AND CANCER?
4It's always Parkinson disease
05LL hi :3
House loves his drugs
6PS: It's never Lupus
Except when it's a tumor
every other time
14It's not a tumah!
...I want to get high
TUMAH
i want to get lupus
and then I want to be diagnosed by House
6CANCER
What is it with people and watching leaves change colour?
Dem drugs
But we don't trust you.
6Colors are pretty.
6That's what.
/me 10is now watching House
Colors are for fillies
LUPUS
LUUUPUUUS
6This show is Lupus.
@Lupusmeter House
@Lupusmeter It
"can you feel this?" *jabs with knife*
Bring him back
DO EEEEEEEEEEET
7nah
@Lupusmeter It
6 It is 11% Lupus. (1656)
6@Lupusmeter House
6 House is 98% Lupus. (1657)
6...LAWL
seems legit
ITS LUPUS
oh fuck I remember this episode...
It's not Lupus, but House is.
10^
6Flawless Victory.
NO SPOILERS PINKIE
MFW MY ADVERTISEMENT
Not going to spoil, don't worry.
I just... remember :P
Breed, Train, and Raise your own horses in your own equestrian adventure
lUPUS
LUPUS
6LUPUS
"It's not lupus!"
6TAKE A SHOT
take a drink
im takign a shot everytime lupus is metioned
HERDMIND
!pokemon
Kosoveon, you are a 12Loudred.
hosue drinkign game!
@lupusspammeter This chat
6 This chat is 94% lupusspam. (1659)
Lawl
True.
seems legit
Accurate, for once!
@Clocktowermeter House
6 House is 83% Clocktower. (1660)
ohai Dermathil
It's never Lupus
Hi again on iPod
Bewm.Headshot.
6I just started the Lupus drinking game like, five minutes ago.
6I'm out of Monster.
lolwut
dat ass
6DAT. PLOT.
lol
7lol
lawl
AND THE EVERYPONY CAME
10>aaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
No English? well that simplifies things
Gentlemen?
i sprayed jäger allover my screen...
6...dat line
mfw I'm eating Stroganoff right now
SUDDENLY ENGLISH!
OH CHASE
SENTRY DOWN!
Nappy nap naperton. :p
STOP JABBING THINGS IN PEOPLE"S EYES!
YEAH
THIS IS MY FETISH
10.................
lolwut
10this is my eww
!pokemon
10eyes are like, sacred man
"I can see!" *Jabs knife in eye*
SPY!
het away crazy girl
oh hey, his girlfriend is that chick with the fish eyes from Mean Girls and Big Love
I know what will cheer you up RainBro.
>inb4 it's her fault
10HAHA 403 FORBIDDEN
10SUCK IT DARI
10the interwebs loves me
Lawl.
SPY BOOMER
dat HTTP-Referer
/me sneaks off again, in about 2hours I should be back
BOOMER IS SPY
Good job. You barfed on your girlfriend.
ITS NOT LUPUS
6IT'S AIDS
6HE HAS AIDS
!pokemon
10It's Lupus!
how very Stan Marsh
He's in withdrawal
10ah wait
No, it really was a dumb question.
10d/w
GGgala Stan Darsh
His liver is shutting down. It's means he's dying you idiot.
7House is lacking vicodin badly
LUPUS
DRINK
there goes my bottle
!pokemon
sigh
bottoms up
So much lupus
7one more ep after this one
/me 7is tossing her headset in the trashbin
GOD, THE BLACK GUY IS SUCH A DICK
7Poor House :(
Oh man
House = Foreman!
house is in a bad way
6Dari, when you get the chance, I need the ep order.
Oh yeah.
LUPUS
Bad leg? Break your hand!
Smart
it makes sense
12YEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
/me now has 20 heart containers in OoT 3D :3
severe pain or injury releases large quantities of endorphins and dopamine
So can pot
WUT
HOW
So does a lot of things.
!pokemon
Yeah, but pot is best
12the last one
but most other things will reduce your cognitive abilities
12WASN'T the fishing one
Enough pain will reduce cognitive abilities as well
12I remembered
wat
12as I have just about all 36 locations memorized *cough*
i'm not going to discuss this, as i'm an angry person with regards to drugs. so i'll exuent for the moment
I don't think the order was randomised.
12that I forgot one in Gerudo Valley
	Line 22678: <SirSprinkles> 6After TT on Saturday, Griffon the Brush Off and Bridle Gossip
Blood
I see that.
12I faceclawed and DASHED over there
mmmm blood
12and lo and behold
eeewww rectal
12there it was @-@
aaaaaaah
GROSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Brutal
6That's a lot of blood.
12now I'm 1 Bottle and 10 Golden Skulltulas away from 100%ing it
>Jules
Lol
6Yeah, it was randomized.
takes a sip
03I'm back...
12hmm?
03you turned your headset off or something?
12kay
6It should be that line and the one before and after it.
12I put it down
03k'
12my ears were ringing o-x
<SirSprinkles> 6After FotR on Friday, Fall Weather Friends and Ticket Master
So
it really is never lupus
Damn it
6Need the one after it. =D
<SirSprinkles> 6After RotK on Sunday, Party of One and Sonic Rainboom
12Back
6Cool, thanks.
12Hi
Is he in withdrawal, or just a lot of pain?
6Will update the Home page on dinkypage shortly.
Can't he be in both?
Ok then.
^
I guess
he's an addict to a powerful painkiller, and he has extreme nerve pain due to cellular death in his leg
Right, but it seems more like he's in a fuckload of pain than withdrawal
SAY WHAT AGAIN
he is in a fuckload of pain, and his reactions and bitter responses are due to withdrawal, as is the sweats and exhaustion
!lag
so much lupus
):
ye olde Pet Sematary
!lag
Idk, I've been in a fuckton of pain, and I felt the way he looks like he feels
>not lupus trollface.jpg
Pet cemetaries actually exist?
Wow.
Lawl.
10lol
its was a back yard
6Hahahaha. It's funny because my leg actually hurts that much.
!lag
but Pet Cemetaries do exist, just very rare since most people just cremate
!lag
[Vaporeon] Lag with ocean.lugia.us is 2secs
12D:
.o.
!lag
People cremate pets?
Lawl.
:D
12Nooo
We just burried ours in the garden.
not bad
122secs...
!lag
[Kosoveon] Lag with ocean.lugia.us is 0.391secs
10my dog is like more than a brother to me
I have no clue what I'll do when my cat dies.
Eeyup.
!lag
[Vaporeon] Lag with ocean.lugia.us is 0.453secs
12yay
7neither do I
cremating seems like /less/ effort than burying, though
7Oh, !lag's there?
/me 10misses his dog now
7my cats are like my children
7they mean the world to me
Eugh, dogs.
10dari, it's a retriever
there you go again
10soooo awesome
Dari just lost 10 awesome points.
Actually no, I decided I should hate dog owners, not dogs.
10ah, I'm a good dog owner
-_-
7Sorry for my inactivity through most of today.
It isn't their fault owners let them shit everywhere.
lol
HOUSE DOESNT TAKE YOUR SHIT
YA THINK?!
Lawl.
YA THINK!?
10YA THINK
!pokemon
12Oh that's fine, I tend to do the same thing |D
dat punch
dman
Damn*
10lol
DMAN
HOUSE HAS NEVER TOOK YOUR SHIT
13!lag
13.w.
7Goody.
7And AE?
12D:
13?
7Though I'm not too into Touhou, that link you showed me on that fanime was very professional. O_o
DMAN?WHERE?
13Yeah, the fanmade Touhou stuff you can get is pretty amazing :3
05AE~
prepping for eeew
05!lag
7ewww
inafterewww
AW YHEA
7hello beasties
05..
05lul
Termites! Termites everywhere!
!pokemon
damn it dashite
his wall, now rubble
everytime i see your name i see da shite
10lolol
I'm going to have to change my name.
Lawl.
But now you have termites.
10XD
I see Dash - ite?
!pokemon
10I see Dashite
Dashite: you named after Fallout: Equestria?
I used to only see Dash-ite
12:)
rubber chicken fails
FALLOUT IS AWESOME`
Now it's about 50/50
probably because i usually type shite instead of shit
*AWESOME
GGgale. Yes
trololol
12Nooo
>GGgale
!pokemon
>too lazy to fix
-forfits-
/me 7blinks
7!scramble
There's already a scramble game going! The current scrambled word is "teneagzm"
12You have awakened the dragon AE ;-;
7ya all ready for the last episode of today?
7Hum.
/me RUNS
!pokemon
yes and no
7wat
haha launched an egg at you night seas
because moar boar wants moar
good game
House is mad
!pokemon
!pokemon
Insane_Lugia, you are a 10Ambipom.
7Without hints, that is.
7!hint3
The first four letters of the current word are "gaze"
k
a what?
/me 7pokes the chat
!pokemon
7wakey wakey
!Ambipom attack list
yes dear?
No wakey wakey...
wow cant see attacks?
12!Pokemon
!pokemon
eggs and bakey
12Zekrom <3
7last ep is go?
7!guess gazement
and now for soem smooth jazz
Sathi, don't poke me there, my filly is in the other room >.>
Oh Wilson, you're such a stealth troll
!pokemon
lasp ep gogog
13That's a lot of points
13xD
gogo!
!guess Lugia
ogogogog!
lol?
7!scramble
Scrambled word is "iretdcosctn". To guess at what the word is type !guess (Your guess here). Type !hint, !hint2 or !hint3 for a hint.
7And, yes, AE.
og og og og og?
!pokemon
GO GO GO! HOUSE! HOUSE EVERYWHERE!
7And none of the words I cheated for. :P
lol
7!hint3
The first four letters of the current word are "cons"
House. House everywhere.
typoss all up in this chat
!guess constitued
Sorry that isn't right! Keep trying!
!guess constituted
Sorry that isn't right! Keep trying!
>:
lol
!pokemon
Woona is better
I LOVE DRUGS
7!guess constricted
Horsea, your mine!
*you're
wut is this
DRUGS SAVED MY LIFE
/me throws pokeball at horsea
10LETS GO LETS GO HOUSE TIME, GO GO LETS GO LETS GO HOUSE TAIMU~
Certain drugs fucked me up for a 1/2 year.
UR DOIN IT WRONG
"you're DOIN IT RONG"
herdmind
6YAR HAR FIDDLE DEE DEE
MFW i realized that my copy of Deus Ex : HR arrives in 3 days
6YOU ARE A DOCTOR
10does anyone get that reference
/me brhoofs GGgala
Lawl
lol
/me brohoof EdwardNewgate
http://28.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lk0w4e4Cgw1qe9l2go1_500.jpg
Wrek, woo!
dat face Wrek
Wrek: ...
7Nope.avi.
10dat face
10is godly
12Even better
:D
no iea wad im lookin at rofl
12Nope.gif
no
I don't get it either
10O_O
WUT
MFW
7WAT
6DAT RUMOR
10none of you have lived
WAT
what am i suppose to be looking at?
HOLY SHIT
OMG DAT RUMOR
dat bone
10http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnDK82TS04U
10PAUSE THE STREAM, EVERYBODY CHECK EQD
10xD
confound this osteoporosis!
OHSHI-
10you must waaaatch
12D: I have not lived
STOP THE STREAM
STOP THIS TRAIN WE NEED TO GET OFF
7Naw.
!
STOP EVERYTHING
Lol stampede.
Sept 17th
9am
10but
10but there's no time to waste
7I'd rather be on a schedule on finishing The Grapes of Wrath by the end of this month.
WARNING! WARNING! THIS IS ONLY A RUMOUR!
OH SHIT
Sooo it's moving to Saturday morning lineup?
12We need to play TF2 some time :p
>comment with BronyState email
ADVENTURE EPISODE
I sort of don't like the plot of the ep, if that is the plot
>like a baws
QUICKLY SOMEONE LINK A FANGIRL SQUEE!
OMIGOSH
eff it man it's more ponies. There is no way that's a bad thing.
7Right, well, I guess I could, but not when I have summer assignments to do. X3
/me fluttersquees
ALRIGHTY, back and this time for good
THE RETURN OF HARMONY
HOLY SHIT
12I know XD
SHIT
SHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT
10^
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUU
i like this video, the song rocks and the costume is awsume. i want to make a Lugia costume and take it to A-kon convention http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEAssShXeUA&feature=feedu
FDASJIODFJAIOSDFGOIJASDGJAset89asujcklfahdfjiopzxdfjsklz;vm,z.esjsgodr
[1,0You0,4Tube]: Drake fullsuit complete | by shaggygriffon | Length: | Views: 247
dfgk90aw4gkaslzcmvz,adfgsadfg89uadgjklaselajsg89sdjklxcmlghkearh
12But next time we both have free time somehow xD
/me explodes
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LfJR6sAo0CU
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Rainbow Dash - (fangirl squeal)" -
Don't have a hard attack.
JIMMEH GIIIIIIIIIBS
*heart.
beat ya to it magnet
/me tries to comment on EqD season 2 rumor post
>mfw Dari is very hyper right now
7Ah, sure.
ಠ_ರೃ >mfw ANON COMMENTING OFF
lawl GGgala
GGgala, that's why I used the bronystate email. XD
10;_;
I use my g-mail.
dem panties
10ok, back to House.
"Discord escapes from his stone prison and Twilight and her friends act quickly to find the Elements of Harmony to stop him."
Discord as the influence behind Luna's NightMare transformation: discuss
DISCORD?
WUT
DISCORD?
6>cancer
WUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUT
6INB4 LUPUS
ASDF
ASDF
wuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuut
MFW i could comment
lol dari...ninja'd
WHAT IS IT WITH HOUSE AND CANCER?
inb4 kick
Hope that Discord shit is just Rumor's smokescreen
[01:59] "Discord escapes from his stone prison and Twilight and her friends act quickly to find the Elements of Harmony to stop him."
[01:59] <ReticentSmolder> Discord as the influence behind Luna's NightMare transformation: discuss
SCREW DISCORD I HAVE NIGHTMARE MOON
INB4 you
:P
Ninja'd
10rrr
10I must make like 23 things
lol
I beat you by half a second, therefore we have the same timestamp
lol
14Ah, yeah. The rumor of the first episode of Season two. We shall see.
Well on my screen, I was first. :<
14Also, Seth likes using me as a guard dog. True story.
on my screen, Smolder was first
also, I didn't copypaste >.>
:<
Morphine: nothing special.
Dari,that happened to L4DSmoker too.
I've had it.
lucky timing...and also always open
We have stuff streaming pretty often.
Gtg,seeya all tommorow
14So its almost always ;)
10herospirit hey again :3
bye pegacorn
Hello :D
10cya pegacorn
6inb4 Discord is in the GIANT stone orb that the Elements of Harmony are surrounding in EP2.
cya pega
35 comments in 3 minutes? only on EQD
/me already belongs to Espeon and Aurora, you thief D:
12;-;
14Yup yup.
13:3
dude
poor biscuit
14I'm comment #17
inb4 get out of my fanfic, SirSprinkle
"sewagebiscuit said... Best Blogger Tips [Reply To This Comment] I only have all-day uncancelable plans for ONE DAY this year: September 17th. Guys, don't hurt me, but I really hope this is wrong."
14I feel speical.
i thought that was you, Octavia
14Hah.
14Yup. Same Octavia.
I am not a comment at all, I am not as cool as Octavia
i can't comment, as i have no account on any of the sites they use.
14Its fine, no one is as cool as Octavia. ;)
Same silvermane
!umbreon
... don't make me come in there
12noooo
Plus I'n just not Brony enough to comment on EQD. *cries in shame*
14...
14I saw that coming.
THEGREATANDPOWERFUL SILVERMANE
7WAT!
13Other than Espeon and Aurora, of course :3c
10i saw that coming
Hypergonadism
wut
wut
wat
12hi
/me faceclaws
He lied to me first
12I
12CANNOT BELIEVE
6>HYPOgonadism
12i did something very unwisconsin-like D:
12I forgot that fact x.x
makes more sense
6Hypergonadism would be it growing
Oh LL
THe 3DS ambassador site is up
Like in the south park episode
Wat
If you didn't see
12O_O
12I didn't
Okaygood
12once I get the last 3 Golden Skulltulas
12I'll look
Everyone, how do I Brony more?
I worked for me XD
read clopfics
you hang out with us
NOPE
dont read clopfics
Some clopfics are quite good
if you play tf2, playo n brony servers, this goes for all mp games
I'm getting mixed signals here
...
Don't listen to the channers.
10...
10clopfics are great
10:3
yeah well
hey, the best clopfics are hilarious
10they're hilarious
14Read Spiderses?
Your rainbrodash
RainBroDash is quite the authority
I'm a porn-free brony.
10GG, herdmind
never bothered with fics in general
12fffffffs
Spiderses is a masterpiece
10Wrek me neither until MLP
12I didn't get a chance to get my box x.x
But I dunno If I can take his advice on this
I've always read fics
well i did read fluffershy
14Everything was more than 8.
i laughed for 2 days
Why is everything bigger and eight?
Fanfics are win.
Fics suck.
Don't bother.
Bullshit
It's a waste of time.
10STFU DARI
Trololo
PRINCE TROLOLOLOL
Oh, so you removed the back of your 3DS too? XD
My favorite read ever, was a fanfic
14lol
12hmm?
Then you've been reading crappy book EdwardNewgate.
/me brohoof RainBroDash. herdmind!
The serial, on the back of the 3DS cover?
OH U
Read a real book. :>
12oh, right x.x
10GGgala right back at you
10and dari, I read books -too-
12my mind is khnwakjhigovcdw faC,VUK.dwb Hceja right nao
Too bad I read books a lot
;o
12there you are
Lies
10EdwardNewgate.. we the same person?
6READ A BOOK READ A BOOK READ A MOTHAFUCKIN BOOK
I am just not nerd enough- I must more nerd.
12when you said
Rainbro Shhhhhhhhhhhh
10XD
link a good fic
adn ill give it a go
12I looked at the back
>link a good fic
12not realizing
NERD IS ALL I HAVE, BUT I HAVE IT SO POORLY.
For what show?
Pretty hard, no such thing exists.
12the OoT case is on it still ._.
>good fic
05haha
Hahaha,
Is there and episode were house is wrong?
good one.
lol
Nope
there should be
well yes
*Equestria
sort of
12got it
12brb
Wrek what show do you want the fic from?
I mean an episode where he does not get it right
12kk
Dermathil: Shitty
istn it obvious?
dammit prince-trolli
fuuu I'm missing House
Can't even come up with their own idea, using material from two different source.
Never heard of it.
12~~~
/me ish an ambassador :3
Wrek pm
That's a dangerous business, Going out your door.
Inspiratation is different.
Dumb ass. :P
"Based on reality eh? Can't even come up with their own ideas!"
12tho naturally :P
10XD
10 2 eyes, 2 ears? Fuck that shit, be original fag
>Monster Trunks
"set in London?! lrn2worldbuild, Dickens."
Hey Wrek
10lolol
No.
Trololo
worth a shot
Well I'll change it if you really want.
RAINBRODASH GUESS WHAT.
!pokemon
but then he'll be the same color as another mod won't he?
atleast so that names meld with the backround
Ok, I changed it just for you Wrek, is this better? Do you prefer this, I like it like this, much better, isn't it?
if you still wanna keept it
dsafkopasdopgkasoigjadfgoiaujgioasgj a89sdguagioatnjgjioawhtjau 0shfgjkasdfg0awejaidfgjner0guimaer
I want to let you all knbow that your alll in my friendship club
my eyezzzzz
>mfw Dari is TROLLING HARD
TROLLYING REALLY HARD
thansk dari thats much better!
...
12Kaepora Gaebora GO AWAY D<
dari be trolleying
I just got left hangin.
!pokemon
FUUUUU-
They see me trollin'
They hatin'
and then dari was a trolley
herospirit MFW i went to go 'WHAT' in response to your 'GUESS WHAT' and accidentally force-closed my chrome
/me only has 3 moar Skulltulas to go
12FFFFFFFFFFFFFS
RBD: Ctrl+W instead of Shift+W?
>mfw Wrek says that text that's upside-down and written right=>left is much better
12he grabbed me D:<
GGgala you know it
It's okay, I would have just said "chicken butt".
:0
10FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
POULTRY BAHOOTEY
10>.>
10<.<
Fanfics can't be good.
It's impossible.
meh
Cloppy fix are fun :D
CEASE THIS BLASPHEMY
Or the authors wouldn't be writing crappy watered down versions of copyrighted material instead of publish their ownworks.
ok, books can't be good. It's impossible, since they;re basically fanfics
Rainbow text denotes Absolute Truth. That's why the Bible is written in it, you know.
U mad viewers?
/me 10isn't mad
extremely
i'm not even mad
/me 10just knows dari has always been insane
You're a mod, not a viewer, you idiot.
:P
/me ain't made. Silvermane ain't even disappoint.
I love you Fluttershy~
10>made
LORD ENGLISH WAS HERE ALL ALONG. http://images2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20100902042404/mspaintadventures/images/8/82/Lord_English_Stiller.gif
/me wasn't made; he simply was
Fluttershy is Lord English. It is her
He needs a penis transplant
Nothing in this world is free.
122 to go~
Other than crappily written fiction.
>goes to edit the Home page
trolol9lololool
>Chrome dies
Trolololo
>loses list of eps
Cloppy fics are fun D:
10yoyo hipster
i jsut lol
GAWD DAMMIT
You can't best me insane troll logic.
hey
everyone
my*
Dari, I need the list of eps again.
6Hey Hipster.
we may need to get on the creation of a new site sooner than we thought
Lol
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/08/rumor-season-two-potentially-next-month.html
>may
but still
<SirSprinkles> 6After FotR on Friday, Fall Weather Friends and Ticket Master
6We saw.
	Line 22678: <SirSprinkles> 6After TT on Saturday, Griffon the Brush Off and Bridle Gossip
7tomorrow more information
14Yup yup.
<SirSprinkles> 6After RotK on Sunday, Party of One and Sonic Rainboom
Yeah, the chat exploded.
I offer sacrifice to end the trollin'
6You forget, Hipster, that Dari has his script for EQD posts.
10fuck physics, this is baseball
In form of a Serenade
i know
6Everypony jumped on it the second it was posted.
10DO IT
i figured you guys had seen
6We paused House and everything.
but still
ALWAYS~
7hehe
I WANNA BE WITH YOU~
7yes
14Hah
AND MAKE BELIEVE WITH YOU
AND LIVE IN HARMONY HARMONY
DERP
but we need to ramp up our plans for the new site
12!Pokemon
OH LOOOOOVE
OOOH LOVE~
12._.
ALWAYS
12lol
14One of the storyboard artists confirmed the episode name and description too in the comments.
12last one~
DO DO DO DO DO DO
12I don't care if it's powerful .-.
I WANNA BE WITH YOU
10mfw the chat's gone crazy
I'd pay for a punch of the fics I read
bunch
AND MAKE BELIEVE IN YOU, AND LIVE IN HARMONY HARMONY OH LOOOOVE.
With.
I'd pay to forget the horribly written fanfics I've seen.
Trololo
EdwardNewgate, I printed all 240 pages of 'It's a dangerous Business, going out your door'
chat is always crazy
10 10OH DOBRO čas za jezike
believe with*
6Well, time to teach DE to stream it.
I almost printed out the 500+ page ATLA fic I read
Yo, dari did it work? If not, I have several more songs to tr
atla?
12!Pokemon
try*
12.-.
Avatar the last airbender
mfw Herospirit was talking malay
Wat
now you are speaking dutch
...he was?
A lot of those fics are good, because the world is so large you don't have to create a self insert
!pokemon
:0
i'm using the auto-translator, with you all set to auto-translate into english
12!Pokemon
12<3
12!pokemon
12Yeees
10xD
12EW
12!pokemon
14I have a friend who also works on FiM and I've thrown several little hints I was allowed to in the comments in the past and no one listens to me. :P
12!pokemon
10mfw everybody is speaking english
!pokemon
12I've always liked Kabuto |D
12...wow
10apart from that one post I did in slovenian...
12good for you :B
10!pokemon
Skylands, you are a 8Houndour.
12!pokemon
10Decent, and goodnight
12ANGEL USED "WAT" INSTEAD OF "WHAT", THAT IS ALL.
12nini Sky D:
13WTF
13D:
7what does he do?
Edward
PM
RainBroDash was speaking Spanish
12XD
12!pokemon
I know the Full Version Power Rangers Theme by heart, if that would make anyone feel better
it translated into 10xD
10No I wasn't? O_O
ferme ta yeule
12give me something DECENT ;-;
!pokemon
Ziltoid, French
Shut your Yeul?
Halt dein Klappe
Your slang fu is weak
Herospirit, German, Shut your door
O-o
10he meant Gueule, I guess?
!pokemon
Halt die Klappe?
indeed
!pokemon
Herospirit, portuguese, The-o
12!pokemon
14He or she. ;) But I was told not to tell too much, they want to remain anonymous. lol
Herospirit, German, Shut up?
Silvermane, btw, yeul is slang for gueule aka mouth
okay Dermathil
I bet it doesn't translate Latin.
Trololo
12most illogical
latin? much of latin is included in English now, but who knows
You got the second one, the portuguese one was just a smiley it translated.
GAHHHHHH. I NEVER WANT TO SEE LATIN AGAIN
1010MFW it translates latin
i love latin
It does?
1010apparently
Lawl
Wow.
polychromatic equine
1010although it's not working :3
12!pokemon
XD
12:)
ICH HABE EIN KARTOFFEL IN MEIN HOSE.
12again? -.-
I bet it looks aweful
7I see ;)
/me stoned?
Herospirit, german, I HAVE A POTATO IN MY PANTS.
It's true.
/me washed for pun
13LL, what have we told you about doing drugs >:/
/me runs
12XD
12I meant with ROCKS derp
DU HAST MEIN KARTOFFEL IN DEIN HOSE, SHEISTEKOPF.
Why would you put a potato in your pants?
/me coughs
1010idk D;
because why not
herospirit, German, YOU HAVE A POTATO IN YOUR PANTS, SHEISTEKOPF
12tho >.> <.<
Oh, I ment Sheiste Kopf.
12the doctor DID say these pills are addicting....
/me shot
:p
bad LL
it didn't translate that time
damn, my spelling must suck.
Not only are you light, you're high too xD
12Louis was a bad influence on me D,:
03LL
03I'm b3akc
03*back
12wbs
12Danny
"Sheiste."
12I took it off THIS time
12Welcome b3akc :)
12because the fan x.x
"Kopf."
03ah
03sorry
03I turned the fan off
Which translated?
03I'm freezing
/me just ate ice cream
12drf
/me just ate alligator D:
German, Head
/me offers more ice cream tot he both of you
ima make you 2 eat till you puke mwahahaha
second one
I can't spell the German word for shit then.
14Unfortunately, I cant disclose anything with a big "Wow" factor.
Sheiße?
14Or things not allowed to be said I spose.
scheisse
nothing
14Though I see half the team throwing out bigger little bits of info that I thought were simply too much. lol
scheiße
12why me?
/me eats all of it
that time, German, 2.15 scheisse
...
and then German, 2.15 sucks
Lawl.
Wow.
fil, 2.15 Lawl.
This translator is crap.
/me wants moar
14I always play on the side of caution though I guess.
1010^
"RainBroDash" hat eine Pony ficken.
:0
Herospirit, German, "RainBroDash" has a fucking pony.
Because my text colour is 2,15
ah
1010yeah, mine is 10
1010and red is 4
I was going for "RainBroDash has fucked a pony", but oh well.
1010^win
lol, he and I have not had sex yet you silly
1010O_o
lies
I MEAN NOTHING, NOTHING AT ALL
RainBroDash, portuguese, 10 10O_o
7Dari feel free to take over
Take over what?
7it's bed time for TheGreatandPowerful Sathi
Ahh.
7 2 mins left
Thanks for streaming House Sathi.
MONSTAR TRUCKS
7will do tomorrow again
Ziltoid, Engrish, MONSTAR TRUCKS
MXMIV
Does it translate numbers?
nope
7I hope you all enjoyed TheGreatandPowerful Dr House! Tomorrow more eps!
1010doubt it...
roman numerals are accepted in English anyways
awww
7bedtime for TheGreatandPowerful Sathi now
12!Umbreon
13http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yTGX_4u90dg&feature=related
[1,0You0,4Tube]: Millionaire Fastest Finger First: No one gets it right | by OfficialSifuKeithTv | Length: | Views: 412 006
"Spike" wollst in "Rarity"'s hose.
Awesome.
Night Sathi <3
nn sathi! im busy reading fics now...
jeezuz
14G'night TheGreatandPowerful Sathi :P
Ziltoid, Icelandic, Awww
G'night Sathi
12XD
Wrek, German, nn sathi! FICS now im busy reading...
nigth Sathi
7goodnight everyone
7see you tomorrow
silvermane, wat?
12...
12Tasty :3
1010night sathi
12lol
12don't tell me you have had it before
12Nope xD
Meine Hose Schlange ist in deine Hose.
Sathi leaves, no stream. What do?
12yay then i remain one of the few who had the guts to try it XD
;2,15)
1010soo, we should all just watch http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WT7UWCJo6GE
7someone will take over
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "1期OP2「Cagayake! GIRLS」 / season1-OP2" - "け_い_お_ん_！ 1期-OP2　「Cagayake! GIRLS」桜高輕_音部　 Ｋ_-_Ｏ_Ｎ_ season1-OP2 &quot;Cagayake! GIRLS&quot; by Sakura-kou ｋ_ｅ_ｉ_ｏ_ｎbu - - [あずにゃんver.] - - [歌詞つき] - -　 公式HP： http://opean..."
1010cause, Yui is amazing...
12in this channel
12XD
You want me to stream Doctor Who?
1010I should bed-time go
dat description
herospirit>: [ german -> english ]"Silverman" RainBroDash wait in the room.
Wrek>: [ dutch -> english ]Silverman, what?
:/
12How did it taste?
damn translator
/me hmms
XD
124/10 Big Poes
not working right.
12mmmm
12Salty?
That's pretty much the extent of what I remember from my German.
12similar to chicken
126 more to 100% completion, Umbre :3
12really rugged meat too
12Ah xD
lol
i remember Como estas from my spanish courses
STUDY AFTER SCHOOL
1010I did spanish and french
I cheated on word order by using google translate to help, but
12so you have 100%?
12slow
12no
12but i have all 10 poes
12and all upgrades besides hearts and wallet
I like how I set the topic for the entire room like this
Das ist meine lieblingsfach
lieblingsfach
<herospirit>: [ german -> english ]Silver mane waiting room in RainbroDash
lieblingsfach
JUMPING NOW
Hallo again
/me has 4 Poes, 20 heart containers, and 100 Skulltulas :3
NEVER ENDING GIRLS LIFE
DAMN IT.
Dat German song
1010EdwardNewgate jooooiinn usssss
NEVER ENDING GIRLS SONG
RainBroDash, you have a waiting room inside you?
12along with all the items except the 1 bottle ;3
12now i have that
12D:
1010apparently
SHINING AAFTER SCHOOL
/me steals it back
RainBroDash>: [ estonian -> english ]10 10EdwardNewgate jooooiinn usssss
I'm TRYING to warn RainBroDash.
Don't join 'uncle' RainBro's paedophile ring.
1010*Do join
1010Fixed it
One more try
Wouldn't it technically be Silvermane's since Rainbro is his waifu?
NO SHUT UP
1010XD
german -> english ]Silver mane is waiting in room RainbroDash
HE IS IN DANGER.
!weather 88001
12:<
Stream's up/
alright, i turned translator off
Rainbrodash Lucky Star will always be better than K-on trollface.jpg
INB4 dari trolls stream
lol herospirit
14Dat chuncky Chinese kid
CLICK IT
not hard, honestly
he sings "batter"
CLICK IT
CLICK
CLICK
DARI, READ US SPIDERSES
14Hes beef and chunky flavored
Yes
1010MFW I REALISE DARI IS STREAMING
This advert.
1010WOO
Wut.
14...
14Wat
1010Dari
he's nekkid!
lolwut
1010how the fuck do you fail this hard to have ads
1010shame on you
I could skip it.
1010just f5 ffs
XD
1010F5 NAAAO
1010FUASDJANSDJANSDNASMDIKNAMSDAN
Stream has been trolled
/me runs
1010i literally hate you
Abort.
Dont' skip
I should stream. I have Adblock plus.
dat mouse trolling
>could skip
>not going to
Trololo
This is such a troll ad
YOU WILL FALL DEAD TO THE PONY FIGURINE
1010mfw football shirts that size
14He sure let himself go...
His face when they light him on fire and laugh
12bbl
14Oh goodness
12k
12Seeya
Look at him go man
O_o
What is this? Japanese Idol? (I know it isn't).
12Next year or so
/me hides
Taiwanese Idol
DAT ENGRISH
Called Super Star Avenue
MFW I only just realised he's singing in English
Nittany_Tiger_ THAT'S RACIST
Hmmm... Chapter 11 of Romancing Quest was revised. Dare I see what was revised?
lol
1010dari u so trol
What's the name of the woman who got musical deals in the UK after going to british idol or something?
Wut?
It's not my fault I couldn't understand his accent. :/
(Chapter 11 was the sudden Molestia out of nowhere)
FreezeFrame they added a crazy hot sex scene
oh god, I need tor ead Romancing Quest too...
1010over and over
12hmm
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
omfg this kid is amazing
1010LOL
WILL ALWAYS LOOVE YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
1010dari. commitment
seriously, fuck Whitney, put this guy on the cover of that album
Now we have The Reject Factor.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
WHYWUBWOOTEW CHUNKYCHINESE KID
GET DOWN http://i.imgur.com/p9Fml.gif
herospirit, stop molesting that ghost
1010chunky chinese is best human being
lol
That's Andrew Hussie and Doc Scratch geez
Play Dinosaur Laser Fight Dari
1010DARI
And I will not stop any molesting in process
1010THAT VIDEo
1010BOTTOM RIGHT
1010CLICK IT
1010ASDUJKHASUJASNHFOIHBASFNBASD
14I wish his official music name were "Chunky Chinese"
1010so good
or the plae kid raps fast
/me is bored from line tracing.
WE NEED 'MAKE A MAN OUT OF YOU' SUNG BY JACKIE CHAN
CONFOUD THE CHINESE THEY DRIVE ME TO EMOTION
OH FUCK
THEN PLAY DINOSAUR LASER FIGHT
nO
RUN
1010oh it's the fucking edited one
ABORT
omfg, is she doing that?
STOP
LOL
NO.
FUCK
LOL
1010for fucks sake collegehumor
/me gives Umbreon cookie
AHHHHH
14I will alllllwaaaayyys looooooove youuuuu.... fukc!
suddenly ear rape
what the fuck is this
Alright, someone hold my hoof.
14Sounds legit.
1010xD ok this is perfectly edited XD
stop making her scream, you're freaking me out
I'm watching the season finale now.
LAWL
What the Fuck
WTF?
12yum
I'm not gonna cry am I
byebye
14Wow. That was sometinhg alright.
DINOSAUR LASER FIGHT
WE NEED 'MAKE A MAN OUT OF YOU' SUNG BY JACKIE CHAN
AW YEAH
/me slaps Umbreon around a bit with a large trout
1010ok dari now you can play "'MAKE A MAN OUT OF YOU' SUNG BY JACKIE CHAN"
pure awesome
1010because it is best song
A song by sexyninja time
lol sorry its just ur name is orange
Relavent Picture: http://emotibot.net/pix/678.gif
wtf...
LOL
SHOOBIEROLL
YOU TROLLING BASTARD
I HATE YOU SO MUCH RIGHT NOW
OH NOOOOOO
14LOL
TROLOLOLOLOOL
1010FUCKS SAKE
KILL THOSE MONSTROSITIES
I KNOW NO HATE. EXCEPT FOR HIPPOCAMPUSES
1010FUCKING DARI FUCK yOU
I'm literally crying right now
Just add bleach.
14I think I watched this when I was really little...
FUCK THOSE PLAGUES UPON HUMANITY
1010;_______________________________;
Kills Seaman Ponies.
New chapter 11 apparently removes the Molestia, according to comments.
trolololol
There's fanfic with Molestia?
14SHOOBIE DOO! SHOOB SHOOBIE DOOOOO!
OH MY GOD
1010>.>
Dari should search for "ドナルドでゲッダン ronald mcdonald" and click the first thing....
KILL IT WITH GODLY ELETRICAL SPELLS
DAT VOICE ACTIING
TROLOLO
1010IT WOZ GR8
14Whos a silly pony? You're a silly pony! Who is?! You is! Applejack!
IZ MEG AN APULJAHG.
/me eats large trout
Oh Dari, you kill me
12:3
6Home page is now updated with the lineup for the End of Summer Special.
6Home page is now updated with the lineup for the End of Summer Special.
giant... laser... party
how much acid was involved in the making of this
FUCK
14I want a giant lazer party. :(
Nittany: Romancing Quest intially had Celestia essentially raping Big Mac in chapter 11. Chapter 11 has now been changed.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8HlxlwGfKY
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Shutterfly" - "http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/06/verystrange-ponychan-contest.html I&#39;m such a sick twisted freak... I even made this bad on purpose... XoP Here&#39;s an Mp3..."
^
^
"What is the difference between Chuck Norris and Jackie Chan?
Chuck Norris can't sing.﻿
"
wut
12I'm hungry :<
wut
OH MY GOD, THIS IS AWESOME
wut
RainBro's request.
Epic shit.
1010BEST VERSION
12For reals XD
1010YEAAAH
How mad would you be...
OUT OF YOU
If I trolled now...
...
1010fuck off
XD
Nah, I wouldn't cut off Jackie Chan.
He's too awesome.
you would troll yourself dari
1010mfw i can now speak chinese
DASHIE SINGING
too awesome
I JUST CONTRACTED DIABETUS
mfw i can now do karate
1010also he's not actually just practicing
BOY WAS I A FOOL FOR CUTTING GYM IN SCHOOL
I'm looking for the weirdest shit in my bookmarks
1010he's fighting off an invisible ninja horde..
you mean the Hun?
I remember one of the top comments.
1010:3
The ninjas aren't invisible, they're just SO DAMN GOOD that you can't see them. That's how good Jackie Chan is.
1010lol
HOO HAH WHATA IS HE GOOD FOR? ABSOLUTELY NOTHIN
1010YES
LOL
1010ASKUAJSFIAOSHDUNA THAT^
I LOVE THAT
1010PLEASE
1010PLAY IT
Already got it up.
YFW
1010ALSO IM PICKING THAT FILM FOR BMN
1010DONT GIVE A SHIT
RUSH HOUR
YES
DSJKOPAFKSOPADFKAOPSDFKAPSDFOKASDFOAKSDFPAWEJTKASDKLZTJIOH
1010IKR
Oh fuck
Jackie Chan is so full of win
1010was that the 2nd one?
Not sure.
Description doesn't specify.
Yay for cars running red lights.
Jsut says Rush Hour.
Twi and Celestia hanging on a tree
1010me neither, i think it was though
1010but idk.
I'm pretty sure it's first
1010yeah actually, now you mention it
WAR!
HUH!
WHAT IS IT GOOD FOR?!
ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!
1010yfw i got obsessed with this song for so long
heyo
Next up is definitely Jackie Chan singing sex machine.
YO
14YO YO! I love YO YOS
1010so much win
Have you seen that film RainBro?
1010what film was it from?
1010i think so
The Tuxedo
1010ahahaha yeah
Had that on tape.
XD
I've seen Rush Hour 1, but not Rush Hour 2.
Dashie's fangirl scream
1010rofl
1010FRIEND ONLY
1010also
1010d/w
1010adajsnasdhg
1010fgad'fgh
1010asjdf
1010ahh
Sex machine.
Go.
Oh man I love this scene
This scene.
Is epic.
Yeah?
Show us the weirdest thing in your bookmarks. :0
Hmm.
1010hahhahahaahha
I'll have a look.
1010mfw its rbdxsoi
XD
1010XD
INB4 RBDxSoi porn on the stream.
dat ass
1010fffffffffffffffffff
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
14Plot. He has it.
1010xD
JACKIE CHAN FOR KING OF THE WORLD
Lawl
GOOD GAWD!
lolwut
GOOD MORNING VIETNAM
1010good gawd yaw
mfw he clicks on bronystate
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8HlxlwGfKY
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Shutterfly" - "http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/06/verystrange-ponychan-contest.html I&#39;m such a sick twisted freak... I even made this bad on purpose... XoP Here&#39;s an Mp3..."
^
^
^
^
1010meh, dari, not crazy enough
1010;3
You bastard
1010XD
XD
YAY
14OH GOODNESS
:0
1010the fuck
That rabbit is going to eat Flutterfly.
Shutterfly
14I... would still hug her...
oh my
1010my eyes and my ears
1010why are they die
14Cutest bug.
dat dynasty warriors
Lawl.
DONT THINK ABOUT STOPPING
9% downloaded.
Limited to 50 kbps by their download server.
19 GB file.
COME AT ME BRO
13Sigh, have to go job-hunting tomorrow, apparently
13Dunno how many CVs to print out .w.
14<333
OH MAN I LOVE THIS VID
What are you downloading dari?
1010xD
JAG DANIELS
A Dynasty Warriors game.
138 is a good number, let's go with that
Ahh.
Love this one so much.
I have #5.
1010RBD saying bitches
1010is just win
1010also i meant RD, not RBD
14Next time... we eat Applejack.
Ponies: Immune to diabetes.
1010but same difference
14Beg partdon?
14Hah, love that.
6...lawl.
Or they have the cure.
Hmm
Ww can take what you can DISH, Dari!
1010so dari, do you really have NOTHING weird in your bookmarks?
I found something in my bookmarks called "Gotta Breed 'em all"
That could be weird.
1010...
DO IT FILLY
1010trade my strangest bookmark for yours?
Oh god oh god
I'm choking on my beer
LOL
I REMEMBER
12good luck oxo
6OH GOD THIS
I REMEMBEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEER!
1010ahahahaha this video I REMEMBER
Rarity getting Blueblood dirty
1010ASIDUHASDIADA SO GOOD
14Oh boy...
1010THIS REMINDS ME OF A LINE
1010WHERE DO I KNOW IT FROM
MFW the top comment: "I don't like the fact that there﻿ is a horse breeding video in my suggestion videos...."
1010"I can smell hookers from a mile away"
1010Where is that brock quote from
wut
Well that was an epic win.
XD
6YOU TOUCH ME AND IT TOUCH YOU
14That was funny. :P
A good start
6*I
13Thanks :3
6I know you've got weirder shit, dari.
1010^
That's not that bad.
Well the title of that one was weird.
Play a tool song.
What happened to all my weird shit
hmm
mfw tool
Just for the video.
YOU ARE GOING TO... LOVE MEEEE
1010ahahaa I found the source of that quote
I really don't have any weird stuff in my bookmarks, is that so strange? XD
lolwut
try searching "very weird Japanese add" on youtube and take the first thing. :0
Bullshit. Everyone has something weird in their bookmarks.
14Its strange you dont have anything stranger :x
or wait
1010well this is my laptop. my desktop has ridiculous bookmarks, but this is 'clean'
funny, not weird. it's "very funny japanese add".
MFW
The first time I watched the music video of Stinkfist, I couldn't finish it.
WUT
Wow
FiM maybe back soon.
MFW
AND THEN EVERYPONY CAME
14I said a while ago some of the FiM team confirmed the title and description in the comments. :P
Is my weird ass japanese add being avoided? :[
Give me a link herospirit.
k, one sec.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R4_cWd_waKg&NR=1&feature=fvwp
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Very Funny Japanese Ad" - "lol this is a very funny japanese ad, and if ur trying to learn Jap this could help in some ways.... Enjoy!"
now, EVERYONE post your weirdest bookmark
1010I have no strange bookmarks
1010on this PC anyway
Pony pussy
wut
"You are oging to love me" is going to be my new SMS sound on my phone.
1010and on my desktop my strangest bookmarks are probably illegal
...
...
1010f u
You have just confirmed for real for me.
amazing
You are a creeper.
1010dat panel
Uncle RainBro, you paedo.
^
1010dari! I joke! I jok!
1010I jok!
Hmm
Weirdest bookmark: Jaynaylor.com
I'm not sho shure.
NOPE
1010I JOK
Anyone watch my commercial? :[
yfw I did
YAY.
ass
THIS BEACH
;_;
I feel empty now
Oh, take that back. I have a bookmark of a fic that would put ANY clopfic to shame
THIS IS BEACH
OH FUCK
UNH!
1010the fuck
6OKINAWA
best commercial ever.
1010XD LOLWUT
O_____o
I know right
6WTF DARI'S VOICE
eeeyup
UHN.
6NO. YOU ARE 15. STOP HAVING THE VOICE OF A 20 YEAR OLD.
WE. ARE. IN... OKINOWA. UHN.
OH SHI-
SirSprinkles: how can you not have heard dari's awesome voice before?
1010dari because you've got the archetypal awkward 'my voice sits in this croaky low part' for a couple years
6...why did you not say something so I could update the calendar?
6Also, you are forever 15. Deal.
1010your voice would probably work if you let it go a bit higher
1010but I know you won't want to ;)
As high as possible
6Go suck some helium.
6MY EARS
STOP
:p
STOP
NOT ENOUGH
STOP
1010xD
IT WAS LOVERLY
MFW I CONSTRUCTED MY PERSONLE HELL
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BifRBx92S9I&feature=channel_video_title
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Deleted Scenes 2 - Epic Meal Time" - "We filmed an Epic Meal but we&#39;ll upload it this week AFTER our Jay Leno appearance (March 17th)! Since we didn&#39;t want to miss a Tuesday we put together this ..."
6Dari, I'm getting on skype. We're totally talking.
dari's deep voice is awesome, never stop
1010;;_____________________
1010also how did i derp that hard
1010wat
RainBroDash = animation error pony
1010one semicolon is on completely the wrong end
1010IKR
05mew
YFW I really don't like that plot
mfw
1010sjut up dari. you viring
:)
ohai Silvermane
man fuck Discord
I watch it from the plot
Hello
wait
>viring
ohai Barry
I worded that wrong
i missed that meme
6It can be like a test run for the bronysmash thing we planned forever ago.
so, if that turns out to be discord, i'd totally be cool with that
6=D
what meme?
so... i presume no more DURRRGAAANNN tonight?
OHOHOHOH
what's a menu?
I don't see a meme
lopp dat shit
1010the bit that made it amazing was 'how did the g travel so far'
mfw he breaks the bottle
whose typo was SJUT?
:D
so he sets it down carefully
if viring was dari
1010GGgala i dont remember... was it you silvermane?
no, wasn't me RBD
i don't say slut
you just did
03mewtwo
SilverMane: it might have been "shut" in "shut up" >_>
can't tell
1010it was sjut up
1010musta been ret then
wut
You should post the Epic Meal Time parody.
suddenly, french canadians on screen.
Not the pony one.
yfw he did
Needs more Regular Ordinary Swedish Meal Time.
LOL
Silvermane, you realize that by saying, and I quote, "I don't say slut". you just said slut
Next time...We eat PERSIA
Wut
XD
6GET ON SKYPE
He didn't stream that one.
For the sake of nightmares http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBMD4YiUqQU&feature=related
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "ドナルドでゲッダン Get Down by Ronald Mcdonald" - "ドナルドは今、ダンスに夢中なんだ。 ちなみに服は作りました。"
Treeko
O__________________________________________________________________________o
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Brb bronies. I gotta go watch the new episode of entourage
WTF
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
WHAT IS THIS
NO
NO
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
big no
1010the fuck
YES! YEEEEEEEES!
1010is happening
14HAHA!
LAWL
14This is awesome.
big yes
Mbison.avi
14Lookit him go!
What.
THe.
Fuck.
1010HAHAHAHAHHAAHAHAHA
1010THIS IS SO GOOD
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODMhpdGoX9s <- this parody.
Tge
BED INTRUDER SONG
The
Fuck
What
lol
There you go!
What the hay is wrong with you people?
Lol.
14This is oddly making me hungry...
6CHEESECEPTION
DERISHOUSH.
MFW using speakers as paddles?
It's not in my contacts!
this was nonsensical
an i love it
Ever seen WTF blanket?
Must take pills. Switching floors. Going upstairs.
LOL
CLIMBIN IN YO WINDOWS.
This top comment is great.
"OMG THIS ACTUALLY WORKS
1. Hold Your Breath For 5 Min﻿
2. Die
"
14HIDE YO KIDS HIDE YO WIFE
i like this plan
1010WE GON FIIND YOU
1010WE GON FIIIND YOU
14Love these kids, theyre hilarious.
14HOMEBOY
14This one too <3
Ok.
dat skype
Now I'm back.
took pillz.
How many dislike comments are there?
And what's the latest one?
DOUBLE RAINBOW SONG
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3d-qENAaNbM
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Regular Ordinary Swedish Meal Time - Sidepork Pandemonium" - "Sidepork. Its swedish bacon. Salty and awsome. Hard to comprehend? WE DONT CARE Enjoy the food. And remember: Pre-dinner mayo is GOOD FOR YOU! DO IT: Twitter..."
So we might have a Skype mod stream conversation.
6Except I'm the only other mod that wants to/can participate.
1010fuck it ill do it
6FUCK YEAH
1010but I warn, I'm all bunged up from allergy symptos
1010symptoms*
1010and i can hardly breathe
RAINBRODASH IS GOING TO SING!
1010I WILL NOT SING
1010GTFO
NO U
14I would, but my mic is "Ehhhh". And I'm having painful tooth problems. :(
MFW
SHIT.
waifu, will you sing for me? *applebloom eyes* pweettty pwease?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LeNr33gIhIM&feature=relmfu
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Mega64: Castlevania" - "Does Derek prosess the power to defeat the demons of the night? http://mega64.com"
irl castlevania.
THIS IS SO ORDINARILY SWEDISH.
GO MAN GO
It totally is. I had it confirmed by an ordinary swedish person.
This is how men cook.
XD
14Ugh, my roommate is blaring his music again.
So much rage
1010EQD
>eating raw meat
1010ADHUADFUHAFJASFNASIFJIASJDASD
14So. Dang. Loud. I swear hes deaf.
ASRGASFASJGASEGWEGNPNDB
14He scares me...
Who's cleaning this
Delicous
that looks delicious
i think
what is it?
14Wat
Is it wrong that I'm hungrt
Wow.
XD
Macaroni and cheese with bacon.
Ok.
Stream's going down, then Sprinkles is taking over.
Dashite, that sounds AMAZING
14That one guy is kinda cute...
Although, dunno if there was any cheese actually.
NOPE
SPRINKLES!?!? CONTROLILNG MY STREAM?
Yes.
6Start your streams guys.
Have you never had macaroni and cheese with bacon?
make me
Its alive
Dashite, i've only done hot dogs and beef before
So, are you guys magically streaming 24/7 or what.
YEAH GUYS! CLOSE YOUR STUFF!
Hide the pronz.
that means you rainbrodash.
sound is choppy
BTW, did you all know Dinkypage is back up?
I'm using it right now
hi dermathil
I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHE
what is this and why is it so quiet
MY FETISH
I can't hear the vid. :0
1010<3
your voice is like silk chocolate
1010O_O
oh, and RainBroDash, y u no visit us in SS?
You are SS
But who is Lord English.
yeah waifu RBD, why you no watch your wife and his filly have dinner and talk about life and such
your voice is repeating
13Why am I up so late
lol, Princess Molestia touched Filly Twilight's arse
that is a riddle for the ages
/me already belongs to Espeon and Aurora, you thief D:
and then we watch pinkie pie's ass dance about as a filly
such a pedophile episode
i'm talking about yoru video
i'm... blowing my nose? what are you talking about
NO I DUNNO
1010blowing my nose
I can only hear Sprinkles and nothing else.
1010motherbitches
i like this plan
mmmmulan
Can no hear video.
no audio
Y U NO HAVE SOUND
CAN NO HEAR.
1010Can you guys hear me/dari/ghosties/hipster?
No
Not at all
i only hear the streamer
1010yeah same
1010just sprinks
1010:3
Only sprinklez.
i hear him about 3 times, actually
14Scared to say anything.... XD
14I'm the shy mod of the group. ;)
SAY SOMETHING NEWMOD!
1010XD
Well, you can wait till after we can hear you.
SHOW ON HEAD
!pillow
3.14
/me reflects it back at AE >:3
;3
/me mauled
ECHO
4Can you hear us?
No
4Can the chat room hear us?
NOPE.
4BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I can hear you just fine.
/me magically disables the explosive pillow and sleeps on it
i hear 3 SirSprinkles
13Goodnight all :3
I can hear echoing
Same as SilverMane
Yeah, Sprinkles is echoing.
ALRIGHT everybrony
DO ET
dammit
Going to sleep now
SOLT
night
gotta rest for Philosophy class @ 8AM tomorrow
later dermathil
Time for feedback noises!
I have to go finish my summer reading for class soon.
so... how about you turn off your mic and just let your speakers talk to us
DAT WOOKIE SEX
ugh I start school tomoorow
same, Zil
i like how it's rBD and SM
Same here Ziltoid
RBDSM
R-BDSM
RBDM?
Ziltoid: Sept 8th. :D
RBDSM*
rainbrodash and silvermane
ah I hate you dashite
ah
rain-BDSM
us people?
1010oh god
1010xD
SirSprinkles is ridiculous.
I also start "school" tomorrow, but I've been doing bits and pieces all summer.
I don't have school right now
lol, school. what is this 'school' of which you speak
A place of learning.
it is supposed to be an institution of learning
A place of life
It is a black hole of money
a place of death
I consume matter
I consume antimatter
PLOT
but now a days, it's just a place where kids congregate to get out of their parents hair
6Just a sec guys, dropping stream to figure this out.
and I will consume YOU
A black hole of money shooting accretion jets of knowledge.
4SERIOUS TECH DISCUSSION COMMENCING
:D
14Hah
"It dun werk. Try hitting it with something."
Pushing back the interstellar space of all we know further out into the unknown.
I am matter... I am antimatter... I can see your past... I can see your future... I consume time... And I will consume you!
*FF4 battle music*
What... the... hay... was... that?
/me throws positronium at herospirit
BLARGLARGLARG
*combusts*
Is this what you were looking for, herospirit?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NKuS5I24Mhw&feature=related
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Final Fantasy IV DS Music - Boss Battle Theme" - "http://youtube.com/watch?v=NKuS5I24Mhw&amp;fmt=18 for the HQ version! Final Fantasy IV DS music collection."
4Can you hear us now?
loading stream
8stream is offline, silly filly
1010http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YK5G_b8k3y4
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Trololo Live 1984" - "Trololo Вокализ Live in 1984 Edward Hill, Eduard Khil, Эдуард Анатольевич Хиль Vocalise (I am very glad, because I&#39;m finally returning back home) Record 1984..."
Thank you Barry
and it's offline...
That is exactly right.
My guess is that we won't be able to post video links Friday to Sunday from 7 PM to whenever
next week, I mean
Unrelated image: Plato don't give a shit. http://i920.photobucket.com/albums/ad43/herospirit/th_PlatoShades.png?t=1313763669
lol Plato, wasn't he the fake one?
lol
superior link - http://i920.photobucket.com/albums/ad43/herospirit/PlatoShades.png
WE NEED PICTURES. PICTURES OF SPIDERPONY
12http://failblog.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/epic-fail-photos-engraving-fail.jpg
inb4 spiderses
also, spider sex
14Everything was bigger and 8
i'm crying with pained laughter, Octavia
No clue dog. I just found Plato's pose hilarious, so I added shades.
o.o
6IT LIVES!
6Refresh streams
Eeyup.
omg the echo is brutally ugly
it's not even understandable anymore
6WHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
4We're trying to get things working, think you for your patience <3
I hAVE PATIENCE? OH GOD, I NEED LAWSUIT INSURANCE
/me 7gasps about stuff not related to anything here.
XD
OOP. Time for me to go, gotta finish this book.
Cya later, bronies
:D
Cya.
4PEOPLE ARE LEAVING
4DO SOMETHING
4NOWWWWWWWW
1010XD
4NOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
I AM LEAVING
4NAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
FUCK YOU GUYS
14XD
8NO U, ZILTOID
6Back up.
4Can you hear us?
ii heard "i think they can hear us" distorted
i don't hear shit
now i hear sighing frustratedly, occasionally
4Apparently
now i hear dari's voice distorted
4GGgala_ can hear us
i hear random voices, not making much noise
4CAUSE HE'S SPECIAL
1010the call brokeded
it only comes through for a few seconds at a time, intermittently, and still borked
oh hey, it's clearn ow?
1010O.o
...distorting again
i heard a demon
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=30DyYkoNH9Q&feature=related
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Super Mario RPG -- the REAL Culex battle" - "unlike some fakes i watched here on youtube, this is the real battle with no cheats, codes, powerup patches, or whatever else there is out there...just mario..."
Let's face it, we weren't meant to stream today
"it did ddrop!" "yeah it droppe d for me too"
6>implying this wasn't solely a test anyway
it's working?
ah
1010i can hear dari on the stream
i can hear that talking
so who's on skype?
1010wait wat
1010mfw I hear dari
1010but it's on the stream
1010not skype
1010oh god
1010dari hijacking stream
1010again
so who's supposed to be on stream? beside dari
so that's Hipster?
1010Y U NO ADD ME TO SKYPE CALL
1010;___________;
4Yes
4I can
4HOLY FUCK
4I NEED TO GET IN THIS
4NAO
no, i can hear de musicz
1010Y U NO ADD ME TO SKYPE CALL
4add us you cunts
1010^
1010xD
4DUDE
1010DARI
4JUST FREAKING ADD US
1010Y U SO WUDE
6Working on it.
4On mine, it says I'm hosting the call
1010DARI F U
mm, sausage sandwich
6Drop your call Ghosties.
4I can't enter
4for some reason
4Trying to enter call
1010>CALL DROPPED
1010I AM CURSED
1010FUCK IT
1010I'M GOING TO BED
night
1010good night
6LOL
1010<3 hope it works
6RAGEQUIT
Bye uncle RainBro.
You paedo.
1010:3
<3
1010<3
/me is so confused. Who's on the stream now?
6I'm streaming, Hipster, Ghosties, Dari, RBD are talking with me.
1010DARI IS A LIAR
1010AND A BASTARD
1010:<
So we're being streamed the ops on Skype? Awesome.
1010idd
It's like MST3K
stream breaking up now
4We're trying
6We mostly got it... it just flips out at higher bandwidth.
1010fair
14Yeah, its being finicky as heck right now.
1010also call dropped
4Sprinks, add us
8drop your call ghosties
14Grrrrr
4I can hear olly
14I dont see why its giving us such trouble.
4OH WAIT
4 OH SHIT
4I CALLED HIM OLLY
1010MFW MY NAME
4OOPS
1010OH NOES
1010~
wow, almost my entire chat is Admins talking
4Do you like my sexy voice? <3
Silvermane, it's like four of us and then mods
1010ok fucks sake
1010bed time
1010nn dudes
bye bye waifu
4Yeah, but at least this was a good first step
ilu sweetheart
1010my internet is 0.53 mb per sec
4Night OLLY
Cya.
bai Rainbro
4TEE HEE
Bye Rainbrodash
1010u jelly?
and i am now turning off stream if he keeps that shit up
8fuck, i keep getting dropped
1010same hipster
night RainBroDash
14Yeah, same.
1010but yeah, nn
Ah, the pony thalidomide victims.
14Night Rainbro
Who's a silly pony?
14You're a silly pony!
NMM would kick Sea Pony ass.
Who is?
14You is!
14Applejack!
Applejack!
NMM killed allthe Sea Ponies one thousand years ago, obviously. They were the first against the wall
Well then, she isn't all bad.
OMFG WHY CAN'T I HEAR THE SONG
IT HURTS TO NOT HEAR THIS
BECAUSE BUSINESS
you aren't Dari, you don't have smexy voice
well whose sexy, sexy voice are you?
Not as good as Rex Reason, but then no one is
4Mine, GGgala_ ;)
It was me
He's the guy from This Island Earth
The forehead guy?
Ghosties: scale of 1 to Dari: 8.2 deci-daris
4Ooooh, nice
If asteroids turn planets into stars, why isn't Jupiter a star?
wow, 8.2 deci-daris?
that's... that's huge!
4You better believe it, baby
4Anyways, night guys
nighty ghostie
s
Night Ghosties
So how many deci-daris are there in a Dari?
a lot
umm
10
i think Deci means .1
How do I SI units?
8sprinkles, what if you have someone else try hosting the call
6I'm done streaming... I've got work in the morning...
Ok then Sprinkles.
8ah
so 8.2 Deci-Dari's is 82% of a Dari
6Who hosts the call doesn't matter.
8mkay
which i refuse to believe is possible
i mean, that chinese kid earlier had around 4 Deci-Dari's
8@darimeter Silvermane
6 Silvermane is 64% dari. (1661)
Well the, how many deci-dari's does Morgan Freeman have
6Well... we know the basic setup, just have to work it out.
SilverMane: wait, chinese kid?
6Thanks to everypony that stuck with us through all of that.
well Hipster_Brony, I'm Silvermane. You know, THE Silvermane?
Morgan Freeman voice is just...Epic.
GGgala_ The one singing that song
But not as epic as yours <3
SilverMane: >mfw i missed that song
I could stream...
I dunno.
Something.
inb4 Silvermane suggests DURRRGANNN
GGgala_ it was amazing
owait, that's me
!pokemon
yay
Silvermaneception?
I KNOW! play some... umm...
i'm... hold on
EdwardNewgate: linkplox? is it a YoutTbe?
*YouTube vid
oh god, let me find it
6Alright, I'm out for the night.
6TTFN
cya SirSprinkles
Bye Sprinkles.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPCjIGyrtYc
Bye Sprinkles
Play The Last Stand
There you go GGgala_
6Enjoy the hard work I put into the awesomely updated Home page everypony.
14G'night Sprinkles!
oh nevermind
EdwardNewgate: thanks! *brohoof*
OH i saw part of that on the tv news
*brohoof*
!pokemon
:O coolio
dari... your computer a bit old then?
Did he died?
6Before I go, somepony post the I<3 ASCII
6...nevermind, don't care.
IMPOOSIBRU
IN THE FACE
Lol.
oh oh oh
http://www.kongregate.com/games/2DArray/the-company-of-myself
6I will be back online on Tuesday. I expect all the new mods to know exactly what they want on their part of the About Us page. Even if they're not currently here.
I see how this is D:
03!pokemon
SHENNAFOX
KOSOVEON
03well at least it got the gender right
WHAT A PLEASANT SURPRISE
You did?
OH, SUCH A SURPRISE
right in the femoral artery!
bye sprinkles
/me throws a surprise party
i'll see you on my donut
surprise~
THANKS GUYS :'D
;>
Lawl
OUR PLEASURE
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h462DKzLyvA
[1,0You0,4Tube]: "Charlizard": YoGPoD Podcast Fan Animation 22 | by | Length: | Views: 24 258
YOU ONLY DESERVE THE BEST
I KNOW.
JKJK
:,<
what about me, Kos
/me cries in the corner
/me shot
Pee-lonen
your "donut". >mfw is that innuendo?
no
mfw pee
yes I know...I wanted to do one today
but no one seemed to be active tiday
*today
Ooh I nthe Company of Myself! I got stuck on one of the later levels, never finished it.
/me has horrible luck x.x
mfw Dari's reading his diary
anyways, I should be going
perhaps tomorrow we can continue it, Umbreon? ^^;
12well aero what me and Kosoveon sort of did was we continued the PMD one
12but at the sametime not really
okay
12it was kind of a "RP this then forget it ever happened after we were done"
12XD
okay then XD
indeed
XD
12simple solution for wanting to do the PMD RP
princess-dari that is
well, how about we go for tomorow?
12but not everyone is around
12ok
promise this time :>
RULE 63
it happened earlier
can't tell if that was rule 63 or jsut cross dressing. everyone was in disguise at the time
lol
anyways, I'd better get going
GOOD NIGHT TO YOU
WHAT?!
GOD, HE'S SO DEPRESSING
OH
OK
BYE THEN
03LOL SHOUTING MATCHES?
YES
what, the character?
XDXD
03and I don't mean the things you light fires with, that shout o.o
I ENJOY THEM
yes
it's a very sad story.
it wasn't the Grand Galloping Gala, it was the... Mad Mod Masquerade?
mfw Dari has to keep going back
wait for 'twist' ending
inb4 annoying foal pops up with disgusting candy
O_______O
wait for 'what an absolute bastard'
inb4 hot nerdy foal with great candy pops up
EdwardNewgate... *shudder*
anyways, night all~
XD
night aero
Dari can't read, and he's making fun of a typo. oh the irony
lol
I think you mean 'sjut up' dari
or sjut up you viring
has dari played this game before?
GGgala_, doubt it
you have? oh ok
ok, i didn't notice anyone linking you to it, so.
suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuure
i linked it earlier
about 40 posts ago
What fun did you all have that I missed?
We made fun of Dari a bunch
failsauce
12murr
Dari, Y U SO BAD AT TIMING
suddenly FLASHBACK
GGgala_ I think you capitalized the wrong thing
>mfw i accidentally the capslock
Dude's whipped
no, NOW he's whipped
inb4 sad
What now?
Wow, what a dick
I'll check your point.
Also, is the home page unchanged for anyone else?
yes
The new site's home page is unchanged.
14You're checking the dinkypage, right?
murr ;3
I didn't want to make Sprinkles feel like he failed, so I didn't tell him
I mean, yawn
14Looks fine to me.
Is unfavorite even a word?
obviously not
S2E1 summary sounds awesome.
FreezeFrame: wut
14Hes talking about the new episode that was just announced.
14The first episode of Season To.
14*Two
>mfw dari's needlessly tall Hat Guy stack
/me listens to Dream Police as he drifts
off to sleep*
this makes me laugh
yawnmurr
watching all those people jump like baffoons
Prince Dari, you were doing it right
...tou know the door sis way up there right?
*you. *is
Ugh, gotta do a ton of packing tomorrow.
dari... you remember shadows can touch the door too right?
oh, nvm
I hate moving, especially when it's to something as temporary as a dorm.
/me never made it past this next level
it takes a while, but it's the final level
/me wishes he could afford an apartment near his college instead, but will have to move in and out of dorms.
pretty much just keep jumping
i had nearly 50 of the buggers on screen
12o.o
Dari umad?
/me sits on Kosovo
dat skype bloop
;__________________________;
/me sits back on LL >:3
that game always makes me sad
05hi LL
I AM BACK
NO WORRIES
MY EARS
NOT ZILTOIDS
WUT
14Ahhhh... my ears
OH GAWD
14Oh lawdy
I cum to your screams.
^
so... tally-ho-durrrgan?
Tell it to a grow.
dat WinRAR
Ok play spiders web now
14lol
just search it on Kongregate
did you beat either?
SilverMane: Kongregate vs. Newgrounds. who wins?
Play that game.
Kongregate for games, newgrounds for artists and new game developers
Newgrounds, they have Harry Partridge
12paradox @~@
if you played teh first one, go second
I miss Addicting Games when it wasn't owned by Nick.
otherwise, first is good for learning
oh, nvm then
hmmm
Hmmm.. debating buying the whole season of FiM on iTunes for 50 (HD)
what game to advise
50bucks for the whole first season?
In HD
A flash game with an ESRB rating?
It's 40 in SD
Not bad.
dari, you ever played endeavor?
I heard bad things about the itunes version
Not sure.
Maybe.
I've got the HD itunes version.
720p
Torrented though.
it's this: http://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/555072
I'll wait for the DVDs.
The first episode is free on iTunes
now you're thinking with portals~
endeavor?
/me shot
OH ENDEAVOR
it was amazing
endeavor is a great artistic game; it's on Kongregate as well
SilverMane: i love it too. not sure i'd call it artistic though?
nope, not bullet spam
Bullet Hell?
the story makes it artistic
12Kosoveon has a portal obsession
games with moral-like stories typically get classified as artistic
we not playing Last Stand then?
no fox
dwarf
SilverMane: ah, i see what you mean then
Welcome my son. Welcome to the machiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiine.
then who put the chest there?
if no one has ever been able to reach it
/me throws Umbreon down a portal
Im goona go to sleep now
goodbye bronies
cya Ziltoid
bai bai Ziltoid
14G'night Ziltoid
night Ziltoid
Dari is bad
12o-o
night
05LL-XBL
bad at your credit score, apparently!
05THIS
I've gotta get up and run in like 6 hours, so I'm going to follow Ziltoid into dreamland
05STATEMENT
05IS
What is your credit score?
Ok.
Cya.
05FALSEdon'tthinkaboutitdon'tthinkaboutitdon'tthinkaboutitdon'tthinkaboutitdon'tthinkaboutitdon'tthinkaboutitdon'tthinkaboutitdon'tthinkaboutitdon'tthinkaboutitdon'tthinkaboutit
i technically should too, but kinky time
Also, Dari you won't kick me bitch
Play the credit game now!
Get top score on our leaderboards!
dari y u no block popups?
14Haha
Mods love ads.
inb4 he kicks me for being a smartass
okay, sleep now
bye FF
cya
At least the streaming mods.
14Night FF
12XD
12umm
12I'm going to go with ttrue
12-t
12also
14Pronoun.
/me throws Kosovo up a portal
14Adverb.
14Run on and on and on...
nooooo
12huggling at high velocity!!! :D
/me kicks Silvermane for being a smartass
12nom
ohai
dari got a link to this game?
suppish?
the fuck?
BET YOU DIDN'T SEE THAT COMING!
12hi
Barely.
somewhat
rocketfingers is such a awesome dude
4
dari's falsetto is terrifying
4
12
game. over.
89
3. here's a condom
14 42
14I mean 3!
03!check www.pcmall.com
It's not just you! http://www.pcmall.com looks down from here.
03god
03I swear
Lol.
03Slickdeals has more power than /b/ when it comes to (accidentally) DDOSing sites
14 2!
sqrt(3)
03MacMall/PCMall (same store) is the only place that seems to have those HP tablets left, and look what happened as a result LOL
!umbreon
/me now belongs to Kosoveon for 12 minutes
12nooo
14I say 3
4...........................................................o9
sqrt(i^2)
3!
14lol 3
3!
3!
3!
3!
inb4 dead
14Oh goodness...
1
5
14Hah
2
14 2
i guess 2 is our only option
which means we need to hunt down that one bitch
4
yess
>mfw i thought i heard "local fuck hang out"
/me floofs Umbreeeon tail
(i'm such a prick)
/me is a bitch
12eep
1
14"Dont be a bitch" lol
14 1
14Kitty! <3
suddenly, it's an adventure point and click game?
14Aww, kitty not clickable
screw the needle and pizza, i got a fish
14Nup, he is.
inb4 dead
14AHHHH!
14Damn cat
SOUP
14 3!
SOUP THE CAT
CATSUP
CATSOUP
Fish
lawl
14Hah
crowbar im!
14Throw cat at him!
14Aww
should have used fish
12wbs
inb4 gameover
Lol
Cat
soup!
can i'm
14see? Cat!
dat pun
14I was right!
give him some pussy
but if we do what works first, we won't get to try everything!
14Haha
14D'oh
~ thanks
fish him in the face
can 'im!
doll it up
14I know, but I just wanted to see him throw the cat at the guy. :>
14Wat
WHAT
imma give that thug a Barbie. Thugs love Barbies.
just... just let him play with the toy
14Thats me if it were a pony toy
same %
^
wow, nice reaction time
not gonna take teh handgun?
WAT
lol, eyeball scanner?
where did the eye and toy come from
crowbar the door?
HOSHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII-
... weird
JOHHNY POWER!!
DO IT
Johnny Power?! IMPOSSIBRU
LOL
LAWL
ho shit, epicaction sequence
well... shit.
ooh i love a good prison escape sequence
NOT TEH SPIDERSES
inb4 spiderse
ninja'd
too late
doubly too late
YFW I said spiderses at least 5 seconds before you typed that.
Lag time.
:P
lol
14Hah
YFW we saw "spidery" on screen late too, so it evens out
lawl
12wb
Sure.
screw the spiderses
spider sex
LOL
taht works too
or not
use the cahir leg!
why am i still awake? >.>
*chair
or not
no idea Wrek
oh well, time for breakfast
14LOL
CLOSE ENOUGH
see ya starside
dat face. cocaine is a hell of a drug.
i'm out too
HerFW
YFW there's a sequel. XD
there are several
actually only seen the sequel
ie part
2
i'm out too, night everypony
night SilverMane
loves you all (don't kick me too hard now)
Cya.
stay and get shot, or try to run
14Night SilverMane
mfw
14Wow...
WTF
omfg
well... alrighty then
go inside?
that's the only one we missed
03MacMall/PCMall (same store) is the only place that seems to have those HP tablets left, and look what happened as a result LOL
03er
03http://cheezfailbooking.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/funny-facebook-fails-its-always-the-last-place-you-look.jpg
03http://cheezfailbooking.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/funny-facebook-fails-god-math.jpg
Win
03http://cheezfailbooking.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/funny-facebook-fails-classic-men-vs-women.jpg < @LL
play endeavor?
SoiPony cloppics?
that comic one is too small to read on the photobucket link
03http://cheezfailbooking.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/funny-facebook-fails-you-cant-try-to-be-serious-when-those-people-are-your-friends.jpg
i think i've only seen the low resolution copies
14Bow chicka wow wow.
14Yeah... :P
03http://cheezfailbooking.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/funny-facebook-fails-oh-yeah.jpg
oh dari i don't think you PM'd me when you were PM'ing people with those links >_>
14Dari!
14lol
WTF? Get that porn off.
14I just looked at the stream. XD
I'm not looking.
14STOP CLOPPING
14LOL
I hate porn.
14Jeez. lol
14:P
14Good going Dari :P
14I luv me sum ponies
... the comicRBDxSOI.png pic is way too small to make out what the dialogue is...
That was pony porn.
Those were the RainBro and Soi pics.
14Yayy~
who drew all those anyway?
I need brain bleach NOW!
Ahaha.
night all
Now you're asking the right questions.
Ask that to RainBro.
14Haha
lol
ai
Bai
You'll make him UBER uncormfortable.
MFW RainBro just left
Well ask him later.
12o.o
so... can you actually tell what the ponies are saying in the comic?
LOL
Hey Val.
can anyone?
...
MFW Val isn't here.
Dammit.
He'd love the video in the suggestions.
i missed it. Caramel related?
"Big Mac/Caramel - Bad Romance"
Lawl.
LOL A+
>loves Caramel. hates seeing Caramel getting laid
Val's got issues
14Oh this, hah.
14Scootaquest!
14What a thing to say!
Lawl
14Love that vid.
Minnet: disconnect
Okay, bye!
14lol
Lol.
14Haha
14These are hilarious
Gross.
ahahahaha
14This is... uhh... lol
14Hah
I'm killing this stream.
03http://cheezfailbooking.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/funny-facebook-fails-supper.jpg
03http://cheezfailbooking.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/funny-facebook-fails-punk-is-dead.jpg
03http://cheezfailbooking.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/funny-facebook-fails-celebrity-chef1.jpg
03http://cheezfailbooking.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/funny-facebook-fails-i-just-want-to-watch-the-video.jpg
03http://cheezfailbooking.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/funny-facebook-fails-pregnancy-playlist.jpg
That's exactly what happens to me @ 3rd
03third?
03the YouTube one? that's the 4th
Ah
03http://cheezfailbooking.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/funny-facebook-fails-crawl-before-you-walk.jpg
It's late night confusion all over again
...yu cryin
03http://cheezfailbooking.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/funny-facebook-fails-that-actually-happened-to-her.jpg
Finally done with my work for the day.
03http://cheezfailbooking.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/funny-facebook-fails-concerned-friends.jpg
I lol'd so hard the first time I saw this one.
14Same here.
14Cue Pokemon music
This entire video was pure genius.
14Mmm juicy~
I TOLD YOU ABOUT THE GOD PTERANO BRO
dari
Ohai.
did you hear the news
Eeyup.
S2.
I guess you did
I'm trying to get on Skype to no avail
Chat exploded when my EQD bot posted it.
in any case
we're going to have to speed up operations. Try getting S2 streamers. I know a guy who might be able to do so. He's reliable.
MFW JitteryDragon has Friendship is Magic Bitch favourited.
Jittery.
A brony.
yay~
03http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/pokmon-c-c-c-combo-breaker.jpg
03http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/pokmon-mudkip-kip.jpg
Who's that?
03http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/pokmon-do-it-wimp.jpg
The king of YTP.
Jittery.
He is so awesome. XD
03http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/pokmon-so-true-copy.jpg
03http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/pokmon-cant-tell-if-lady-gaga-or-team-galactic.jpg
LOL
03http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/pokmon-good-guy-greg-friends-through-capture.jpg
lol
Boring one :P
03http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/pokmon-buterfree-is-pokmon-worlds-sleeping-pill.jpg
03http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/pokmon-just-let-me-dig-my-hands-out.jpg
Yeaah
Of course, it could always just charge at you
That'll leave a scratch xD
03http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/pokmon-lego-my-slowking.jpg
03http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/pokmon-ow.jpg
Awesome Lego
03http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/pokmon-if-you-dont-see-a-pok-ball-gtfo.jpg
Niice
03http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyQLxwEP-m0#!
[1,0You0,4Tube]: 300 Pokemon | by syncyourface | Length: | Views: 38 412
03that is awesome
Hah
03http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-Ka8DnUVEQ <- same idea, and even cooler
[1,0You0,4Tube]: Watchmen & WALL-E Mashup Trailer - 720p HD | by TM2Megatron | Length: | Views: 401 428
At least there's no phonofoot.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
asdji90asgfklargdri0-kopsfg]
srgai-arg90dzfkl;mklml,sd'kzpsetokzl;sdglhylae'
rh#la
wtl0[-aerhleparykhopaerhkoawer0w[aekyhpzaek46io0skpe
Nighty-night.
HOSHI
GOD PTERANO
OH MY GOD
.... I have to get up early tomorrow.
>_>
...but you wanna stick around anyway?
I really need to read the summaries for that book.
But I have no willpower whatsoever.
mm...but you wanna stick around anyway?
oops
i meant
mm... procrastination is a helluva drug
this isn't even procrastination. This is lack of willpower.
I can't do it D:
/me 2is currently playing Wild ARMS 2nd Ignition
12http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/pokmon-pikachu-has-to-nom-too.jpg
that sucks, man
quick, slap me in the face and tell me I can do it.
/me bitch-slaps Polarfire
GET A HOLD OF YOURSELF MAN
WAAA
I CAN DO IT
I WILL NOT FAIL
/me dunks his head in ice water
12brb, shower
Bree
That is adorable
You start up that web browser, and you show those Cliff's Notes who's boss!
Imma stop streaming.
XD
i noticed :p
03the drawing is adorable, not the computer
yes
12lol
12drf said adorable
12who are you
03me
I am boss!
http://mycorebeliefs.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/she_is_boss.jpg
03she may be boss but she's also flat
03I mean
03hi
http://mycorebeliefs.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/teamrocket.jpg
12this is JUNH!)@$_XD
http://hijiribe.donmai.us/data/8e301487e3d4de24c8f331745203dfcb.png < more boss
12http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/pokmon-bulbasaur-used-leech-seed.jpg
7O hai
12ohai
12hi
12boo
j00
12nii
the knights of Glacmyr say ni!
7:D
12xx
12!blame my typo
/me blames Cone2 for my typo.
12!blame my typo
7lol
12!blame Umbreon's typo
12that's better
7The blame game. XD
12;p;
12lol
/me 7feels impulsive
7CHEESE FOR EVERYONE *shot*
12no thx
12i had alligator earlier today i'm fine
7O___o
7I had chips and an apple on the train.
12seems like my food was more impulsive than yours
7._.
7I fell asleep on the patio yesterday.
Lawl.
That sounds worse than falling asleep on the stairs.
Also - you ATE Gummy?
How could you?!
7?
[07:46] <Umbreon> i had alligator earlier today i'm fine
7Oh, that
lol
7IHas anyone had liquorice ice cream before?
7It's charcoal grey, but delicious.
I hate liquorice, so no.
:P
ew liquorice
tastes like rotten eggs or something
7wtf?
02*WB03(Drake03)02WB* - <Lyon> 04I hate you all
04angeeeeeeeeeeer
7lol
7hi
Xeli
you're on early
06Yes
9:15am
>|
06:U
7One of my old friends though nostalgia was nose-related. XD
/me goes to dinner
oh okay
seeya :p
06it's hilarious the IT class has a few skiddies who think they know everything or something. and they are literally skiddies and it's hilarious
06anyway, not consistently on :P
04o-o
04hiya Xeli
>people who think they know everything about computers
Lulz
>no one knows everything about computers
._.
06pretty much
lol idiots
04I did actionscript in Flash today
04It was weird.
7!espeon
06lolas
04Similar to Java
Lawl.
7:D
AS is nice and simple.
Were you using AS3?
04Yeah
04All we did was make it print strings though..
Ahh.
04Our teacher sucks.
ew actionscript3
:P
AS2 > AS3
LOL
AS3 is buggy as crap
GTFO with that.
Lies.
No u
I've used both.
AS3 has more functionality than AS2 though
04His name is Mr. Beresford and he is an idiot
and it's easier
Oh yeah Drake
06Lol
today I was like to Hensh: "You should play some sports!"
04We call him Dr. Douchebag
>AS3 easier than AS2
Hensh: *stops* I do.
7LOL
For more complex things yeah.
For less complex things no.
"What sport?"
"World of Warcraft."
Lawl
"...that's not a sport."
06to me it sounds like both of them are functional and then there's no problem :D
06and lol WoW
"The way I play it, it is." *walks off*
/me dies
04And out code for him approaching while we play CoD is "The doctor will see you now"
06o.o
haha
06what
Anyway eating
04I'm seriously the only student in the class that does any work.
04At all.
"An activity involving physical exertion and skill in which an individual or team competes against another or others"
Dat physical exertion of his fingers
04XD
7hmm.
I took Twilight to the top of the biggest mountains in Wales and Scotland.
12http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2011/07/pokmon-it-does-explain-why-he-never-loses.jpg
12LOL
06it all makes sense now
06!umbreon
06:3
/me now belongs to Espeon|School for 8 minutes
12hi Espeon|School
12nooo
06:)
7lol Superchu
7!espeon
12hmm
7:D
7!umbreon
/me still belongs to Espeon|School for 51 more seconds
7...
7seconds.
06yes please
7!umbreon
<Drake> I'm seriously the only student in the class that does any work.
Funnily enough
7>:D
I'm the only one who doesn't do any work
>|
04XD
I'm serious
7Polar opposites, eh?
Opposites attract?
06I don't do that much work but somehow I still do fine
haha
7Dammit, I'll be kicked off the pc any second now.
06but lazy. And Opposites Attract indeed lol
06why do I have a Show Desktop icon on my desktop
06desktopception
12back
wb
7lololol
04Espeon
12Thanks
04I have a question about TF2
7:o
06Okay? :3
04What is the console command to enable you to get achievements in offline training?
04I can't find it.
06offline_practice 0 I think. But just "Create server" and do tf_bot_add <number>
06Easier that way :P
12Nope, not yet
Possible series 2 air date, along with episode name and synopsis.
Which are confirmed.
12Oh wow
12That's pretty awesome
04thanks Xeli
12I really can’t wait until they release season 2 xD
06Np
06I'm almost tempted to download tf2 on this laptop just to see how many FPS I can whip out of it
/me dies
12ESPEONS
12:3
06Always relevant.
Also, this. Princesss Trollestia is best Princess: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4f9m4OYkCY
[YouTube]: Friendship is Magic <censored> | by Skaijo | Length: | Views: 76 283
12Ah
12!Pokemon
12<3333
12Vulpix is pure floof
06Vulpix :o
06Is :3
12So many floofy Pokemon.. :3
/me faints
06aaand I'll be back
12Okay, seeya
What a story Mark.
[1,0You0,4Tube]: My Little Pony - Friendship is Gic: What a Story Mark Crusaders | by Dikekike | Length: | Views: 124 921
12lol
>google fail as a result of that video: http://failblog.org/2011/07/15/epic-fail-photos-autocomplete-me-add-a-teaspoon/
Add a teaspoon of godzilla. I think that's a win, not a fail. :P
U mad?
12I think it is ;-;
/me runs
Nah, don't worry I'll stop.
Fumb dabric.
12Indeed
Thanks
12Anyways
!lag
12How was your day NS?
tired
procrastinating
I should be studying
12XD
Connection needs more struscle.
><
12Same lol
haha
!pokemon
ewwwww
12I'm always tired .-.
!digimon
same
day needs to be 30 hours long
so I can get more sleep
12Yes
12XD
yeah
!pokemon
!digimon
12!Pokemon
Impmon <3
!lag
lol, wut
12._.
I DID IT
!lag
What did you do?
/me sobs
lol
finished the summary for one of my summer books.
Summer books? What is this thing you speak of?
Which I take the test for in a few hours.
My school, as part of the literature class, assigns us some books to read over the summer.
Which I waited until today(the day before school) to start.
Of course.
Naturally. Anyway, I read one because was easy.
woo! congrats, Polarfire
But the other one, I read about 5 pages of and.....
I was like 'fuck this'.
I don't think I've ever been assigned work over the summer.
!lag
1 series of chapter summarys later, and here I am.
>:
12XD
Thanks GG!
how ironic.
!lag
even though its not dawn yet.
12That's worst then last time XD
The First Light of Dawn above Project Horizons.
>_>
i c wat u did thar
oh Sethisto
well I might sleep soon.
gotta be up in 2 and a half hours.
night everyone
Night.
night Polarfire
MFW i enterd this chat again, hi any eventually active person
ohai Wrek
whatcha up to gala?
Don't I get a hello at lease? :(
least*
HI apokalipse
/me 14is just a figment of your imagination
imokwiththis.jpg
14:P
drawing ponies ftw, which one is next?
Sup
soon naptime
Oh, hey there Wrek
hi Daz
Hmm. So, naptime? What time is it? it's 11am here
its 11am here aswell
and im still awake from yesterdya
Ah, I get it
which mainly is the reason for the naptime
also i could use a comment on my first try at a colt
http://notharam.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/wpid-dsc00176.jpg?w=640
having trouble with the proportions on the back more orless
>reads eqd >SEASON MOTHAFRIGGIN 2 >the return of harmony >an evil villain >whywubwoo
yeah i did quite a few fangirl squeals when i read it
oh wow nice drawing!
ty :D
it's almost perfect. the neck could be a little longer, and the head a little farther forward, if a buff pony is what you were after. other than that, it's really well done. I like the fur near the hooves :3
ALSO
so many fanfics with 'element sof discord' or 'discord' or some ohter mention of 'Discord', and then season 2 has Discord. =D
>reads more
^^
>CONFIRMED FOR 2 PARTER =D=D=D
MFW the whole first episode plot got leaked.
but yeah i felt like drawing "Through the eyes of another pony" main OC
since i enjoyed that fick quite allot
haven't read it...should I?
yes
yes
loool
Well, I'd say no.
ok
...yes
Willpower!
But.
I read it.
I don't have enough willpower.
XD
hehe
but yeah was bored, based the poneh on the few descriptiosn in there
...same
that was the results
ok time to read the leak
HOLY CRAP
everything is so GOOD
(but don't wanna say here cuz of spoilers) BUT WOW
good then i has stuff to look forward to
u not read leak?
ill probably be hiding in a cave playing Deus Ex 24/7 >.>
lol
i resisted spoiling it
becasue ill get *mindblown* when i actually see it
ah. well, you know it's a 2 parter, and the 'leak' only leaks SOME of part 1. hmm, still, it's good you didn't read it.
You Betcha! My mind is all over the walls right now.
And now for something completly different
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lV0lbMWbfkY
lol
as soon as it begun to loop, i just dragged the bar ahead. : >
ah well time to get back to work
work? orsleep?
need to setup and animate an intro clip
got about half done
oh?
I'd show you but then id have to kill you
orly? what's it for?
^
it will all reveal in good time
also, got the fic you wanted me to read opened up. imma shower and b-fast, then read :3
:D
It...will...wrek? intro clip to .... bronystate? fan made intro clip to some fanfic / FiM PMV?
your guess is as good as mine
and yet, your guess would be right on the money. You're the one doing it >_<
Eeyup.
...
um, whoops
Just read my name. It should say Dman >_<. Yea, Daz = Dman btw
and u tired yet, then, dari?
Nope.
what you up to right now?
Watching regular ordinary Swedish meal time.
Okies
>SUDDENLY chat lives again
BRB
Sup GGgala_
ohay again Wrek, sorry for leaving ya hanging there. had to brb
heya Daz
/me reads up
oh, hi Dman XD
Heh heh =] good
actually, i've been thinking to change to Daz, as that's actually my name, and I like it, but never did. I only did so just now by accident while wiping tears and 'sleepy dust' off my tired eyes :P
oh lol, morning then
GGgala_: Did Sathi stream any House last night?
DMAN
EEYUP
she did
Hey Apokalipse. and GGgala_ - :( :( :(
hai
I missed it while was out then i guess
how are ya Apokalipse
streamed the one with the baseball player, and the one where House tries to go off Vicodin
I'm fine thanks
and has hella withdrawal
hey Apokalipse
i know the ones GGgala_ :P. doesn't he mash his hand up to reduce leg pain xD
hey
good ta hear Apokalipse
Daz: yes. yes he does :P
at least i only missed a few eps ^_^
baseball one was the last one streamed, ya
still, want to repeat this: OMAGAD SO HYPED FOR SEASAN TWOAN
me too
aaaaaand still gotta ask silverscreen if i can do commentary trivia
then all the mods online had a skype chat and streamed it
Can't wait for the thread on a forum I go to to explode
again
and the sexiness of the mod's voices were compared
14Yeah, the Skype chat between all the mods didnt go so well. lol
lol, how did that go GGgala_ ?
awful quality at first, in and out
then it settled
wait...sirsprinkles, i hear, has a 'wookie sex' mic
weird-ass distortions
14My call kept getting dropped. After the 4th time I just gave up. :P
So, Octavia, as a new mod will you be able to stream more? or an extra mod to keep the rules more? also, nice colour
14lol Thanks. I can't stream right now unfortunately. My bandwidth is a bit lacking. But maybe after I move in a bit.
ah, ok
14Gotta love that DSL.
14Need my cable back, grr.
I don't think i've seen you much until you were made a new mod. Can you tell us a bit about yourself? Favourite (if any) Pony? (inb4 octavia) fave episode? maybe something outside the fandom that you would like to share :3 ?
/me rages becsaue the animator wont cooperate :C
/me still doesn't know what Wrek is animating
14I'm usually pretty quiet in the chat. Unless I really have something to contribute. And yes, obviously Octavia. :P
14My favorite ponies go from Octavia to Derpy to Trixie to Fluttershy. So out of the main my fav is Fluttershy.
mane*
:3
Fluttershy :3
14Favorite episode is a tough one for me. I love them all. But I'd say Best Night Ever.
14And I cu wut u did thar Apok. :P
awesome. have you read anything on season 2 yet?
14I read what was posted. I was one of the first in the comments afterall. :P
14I also have a friend on the show who tells me little bits here and there.
ooh
do tell
what does he do?
or she
14I cant really say much. They want to remain anonymous. lol
aww
Id liek to ask to refrain from spoilers please
14I know.
inb4 Wrek working on an actual official FiM thing with animating
14I asked them if I could maybe tell friends or such and they said theyd rather not right now. :P
nah im not that good
:(. still i want to see it as soon as it's possible :3
14I have seen some of de magicks! though.
14I wanted a speaking part in FiM, but no go unfortunately. lol
14Maybe next time!
That would be awesome.
Also Sprinkles has a new non-wookie sex mic now.
that's awesome though
14lol
14I need to get a new mic as well.
lulz, i wish i heard the old mic first
14Have this sucktastic headset I use.
Oh yeah, Dari became a unit/scale too.
and GGgala_ you really don't xD
Ghosties's voice was rated 8.2 deci-Daris in sexiness
The Dari
14But... wookie sex is like music to your ears, right? :)
Nope.avi guys. it's "[The DARI. A unit of measurement adapted to the assessment of the effect of low-dose radiation]. "
hahaha
Yeah, you get super powers.
...SEXY radiation?
:P
14lol
lol
also Daz i SO do. ...for science.
i am trying to imagine what wookie sex sounds like, and my brain isn't going there.
haha
ok there, rendering
ETA 30 minutes
berfect time for a nap
perfect*
so i'll see it once it's uploaded?
Your brain is trying to tell you that wookie sex probably doesn't sound pleasant
speaking of wookies Daz, i dare you to watch this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y43CBki2BVE
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "DJO - Fish Cream" - "Ooops - 2nd upload - had to fix some stuffffffff. It&#39;s all Mike&#39;s fault. Made possible by a grant from Mothers Against Light. Not responsible for lost or sto..."
it's...alright
14Oh, those guys.
woot Nightly Roundup
oooh. *reads*
14Earlyish too kinda.
>One prize was a Big Mac plush,
; )
do want
14Grr, another person posing as me. Too many Octvias!
14*Octavias
lol
haha
14I'm the original. :(
orly
there's so many >_<
14I came up with the name. :P Or one of the few who did. lol
14Guess "Octavia" wasnt as creative as I thought it was...
14Well, I liked it anyway. Seems others were thinking the exact same thing. :P
it fits so well though
14I know of at least one other person who claims to have first came up with it too. Guess they just happened to come up with it too.
14I thought so too.
14It was kinda obvious, but still, it has a nice ring to it.
very nice ring. it should be made canon, should she have more appearances
14Indeed.
14And I should voice her. Lmao. I can dream. :P
I haven't yet heard your voice. ah well, another day
I'm off for about 1 hour (daily run :P) Goodbie all =]
cya Daz, have a good run
14My voice sucks. Or I dont like it anyway. Unless I use a real good mic, it sounds rather retarded. :<
14If they rename her, I'll be sad.
14Laters, Daz
thanks a lot, Octavia, GGgala_ ^_^. also I think I am now sticking to Daz, and not Dman :P
and Octavia i will be VERY sad :(
i love music and play 2 instruments, and Octavia is so good
14Everyone loves the Octavia name so much. It'd suck.
14Mhm.
14I went as Derpy online for a long time before I did Octavia. But my friend on the show said I reminded them more of Octavia, simply from how I look and because I'm also a musician.
14Though like Derpy, I derp a lot too. :P
Well i'm changed and off. Yes love derpy too. The fannames are so fitting
I GO!
14lol Later
I hate when i start rendering, only to find out i forgot to disable an object that was in the way of the render, resulting in me having to start over
14Ouch.
it gets a tad tedious
You gunna talk with us on Skype next time Octavia? :P
14Perhaps. lol
14I'm still a little nervous. :P
14I did talk slightly on Skype earlier.
14But it dropped me so fast each time.
Aww.
I don't think I heard you.
14I know one or two did for a second. I know it dropped it in the middle of one time I was talking.
14I think I said maybe 3 or 4 things the entire time. :P
14I really hate my voice though.
14Need to work on it more.
14And get a mic that sounds better. :P
I usually find when people complain about a quality of theirs, there's nothing wrong with it.
Especially women. :P
counter-example, dari: Sethisto.
?
He says he has a terrible voice, and if you listen to the Q&Neigh podcast, you'll find that that's actually pretty accurate.
Lawl.
Exception that proves the rule.
that doesn't logic!
14Well, bed is a-callin for this pony now. Have a good night, or morning, everyone. :P
Night.
cya Octavia
ohai everybrony
ohai Dermathil
>Pikachu! I choose you!
Becomes
Batman! My choice!
After 56 translations.
Wow.
Wow.
Original text:
"Pikachu! I choose you!"
...56 translations later Bing and Google give us:
u bored?
Eeyup.
"Nightmare moon"
...56 translations later Bing and Google give us:
"Monthly fiction"
ahahahaha
i can actually see the connections with that at least
"Dumb fabric"
...56 translations later Bing and Google give us:
"Oak lake."
...my brain. ow.
"Billy Mays"
...57 translations later Bing and Google give us:
"बिली hammer"
MFW I broke it and it did 57.
When 56 is the max.
BBL
this from a webpage script somewhere?
okay, cya later
so many No Title EqD posts.
Ohey. I see you're still here, GGgala and Wrek ;)
wb Daz. how was the run?
:3 thanks for asking. Good, but rly hot. I guess it IS summer lol
and Wrek how's that render?
is he even here? lol probably still taking a nap
what are you up to GGgala ?
Daz: not much, just poking Dermathil to see if he's still hangin around
he's neither here or on Skype :( Don't have Steam open though, he might be there
--but as you can see, he left :p
*just left
ah
aaaaniways i'm so sad i came straight here xD. I g2g shower.
haha, ok, cya in a bit
btw everybrony
just passing by to say hello. I'm SO EXCITED/Nervous for college.
CYA!!!!!
Dermathil: good luck bro!
/me spreads a big magical cloud allover the chat
/me has entered!
/me is amazed that everyone is either AFK or sleeping
/me will be back later until then stay classy
O lol who is thegreatandpowerful?
Oh look.
A wild RainBro.
INB4 teal
10meow~
I was going to.
But meh.
10Daz...
10Will you make my whites white?
Lawl.
Oh dear.
it became a detergent in 2002, i was born in 1994 and had the nick since 1999, so No U RainBroDash :P
10XD
10<3
also, guess who I am :P
ohai Daz, ur bach?
yea, don't spoil to RainBroDash who i are because -
I once said this and RainBroDash was there talking too, so he has actually been told before, but will he remember? :3
10Oh, I might do
10give me a moment, just woke up, like
like, like
10ah wait lol
like, 1:30pm-ish
10am i being dumb, or was it dman?
Sure was, man!
10sick wan
10also
also?
10I heard you wanted something from me yesterday?
10Polar said you had a question for me :3
i...i...did?
oh, yeah... that
/me can't remember what he wanted
10XD
Polarfire didn't realize you'd left at the time
10oh, you
what was it then?
YFW showed explicit RBDxSoi pics in stream by accident.
You wanted...nay, demanded, the attribution of a certain fanfic?
mfw haven't seen them
and...RainBroDash i finally read 'dman x silvermane'
and ... just wat
Went to go an get links to PM to GGgala, wasn't paying attention to the capture area of the stream.
XD
soooo...links for me ? :£
:3 *
My spam email is king.
as.dfqwerty@hotmail.co.uk
ok...
>7000 emails
LOL. now about those pics :P
I'll get them to shame RainBro.
Hey, GGgala, you know that question you had earlier?
doo eet. i'm so saving these :P
And I said you should ask RainBro.
Well.
He's here now.
ah, RainBroDash may i see these pictures?
No.
You don't have to ask him.
o right! the uestion
xD
Daz: join #SilverShipper ? >_>
did Topaz draw those?
oh yeah, that was my question. RainBroDash: who drew the pics?
ok viewing now
OMAGASH uh there's a kid in the room...i'll view later, i'll just keep the tabs open for now...
XD
he doesn't know any English, but still i THINK i saw a penis in one of the pictures bfore CTRL Page Dn
eeyup
Interesting thing about the artist.
:>
they look like Topaz's drawings of Topaz x dermathil
well, from the 0.1 seconds i saw of
that would be the gauzebondage.png >_>
You want to tell them the interesting thing about the artist RainBro?
ah
and what's interesting?
Do ho ho
(i think RainBroDash is semiafk?)
Trololo
He'll see what I've said when he comes back.
but y u no tell me?
sshhh. don't startle the Pegawitch
So I can see RainBro squirm first.
Ohai
ohey Pegacorn
heya
>_< GGgala u know what's 'interesting' about artist?
Daz: NOPE. that's why i was asking RBD who it was.
/me is not startled yet
/me used Intimidate. Enem- FRIEND Pegacorn was startled
oh you dunnit now
/me rushes towards Daz while the Startled Witch music cue plays.
/me summons a shark
ikr lolwut amirite
/me kills the shark
/me keeps on running, toppling everything over as he goes. "Gah!"
/me garbles Witch sound effects while running toward Daz
/me gives chase, firing dual-wielded pistols into the running Pegawitch's back.
Take THIS, Pegabitch!
/me turns around and slashes GGgala in the face.
GRAH. NOT THE FACE.
DON'T EVER CALL ME THAT YOU SURVIVOR BASTARD!
/me runs back the other way
/me 's inner voice: “What are you doing? Why do you run Daz? You still have not called upon me. Face forward, Daz. You should be able to hear it now. That Witch, Pegacorn, blocks your ears with worthless fear. The enemy is one, you are one. What is there to fear? Cast off your fear. Look forward! Go forward!
/me 's inner voice: "Never stand still. Retreat and you will age. Hesitate and you will die. Shout…my name is…Dman!!!"
/me turns around, takes out his huge sword, and points it at the Witch.
lolwut
"Face me!"
Okay,if you want.
(eyedunnolol Pegacorn just RPing :3)
/me slashes Daz in the face
"AAaaagh!"
/me cuts Pegacorn
(um it was a quote from Bleach btw, i didn't just make it up)
/me stops running and glances back. He weighs his options.
"We can take 'im, GGgala!"
/me is bleeding,but nothing serious.
/me mutters "How do I let myself get dragged into these things?" and runs back into the fray, firing wildly.
/me dodges to the side
/me punches GGgala and then starts clawing him
AUGH.
NOOOO
/me slashes at the witch
"Get off!"
/me drops one pistol, and begins to raise the other one to his attacker's face
Sup Dman
/me gets off
Ohai Rodman, ya it's me :3
So you decided to change the username eh?
Nice
Sup everybrony, whats up¡
?
dat upsidedown !
Ohai Rodman
¡!¡!¡!¡!¡!¡!¡!¡!¡!¡!¡!¡!¡!¡!¡!¡!¡!¡!¡!¡!¡!¡!¡!¡!¡!¡!¡!¡
Thanks Daz. You're a real bro.
heya Rodguy
lol
/me starts clawing Daz
rodgun :3
"Aaaaa why won't you die"
/me suddenly transforms into a TAAAAAAAAAAAANK!
'Cause i'm invincible.
...I'm gonna hafta do this, aren't I.
TAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANK
/me revs chainsaw, advances on the Pegawitch
"RAAAAAAWRG!"
LOOK OUT DAZ!
/me gets out of the way
/me rips a piece of the ground and launches it at GGgala
/me doesn't understand if Pegacorn is with him or against him
Hey! Get back here, Pegab--
/me is hit by a massive chunk of concrete
RUN FOR YOUR LIFE DAZ!
/me closes in and starts smashing GGgala on the ground.
"But what the hell! Weren't YOU fighting me? as a Witch?"
/me runs from Rodman and Pegacorn, still confused.
AUGH. I HAVE OVER 200 BONES AND I CAN FEEL THEM ALL BREAKING.
DAZ!I'M STILL A WITCH,BUT I'VE COME TO MY SENSES!
/me runs back. "GGgala!"
Pegacorn, help me get Rodman off GGgala !!
/me begins swinging at Rodman
CAN DO!
DAZ!
/me runs towards Rodman and starts clawing him
RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWRG!
NOOOOOO!!!
...
/me punches the traitorous witch across the area
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
/me 10squirms
/me smashes against the wall of a Burger King
/me then back-hands Daz
/me slides down the wall he impacted, and hits the ground.
/me is thrown a long way
10nothing at all
/me hits the grounf
*ground
NOTHING AT ALL. NOTHING AT ALL! /Flanders
/me 10pokerfaces
ah...pokerface...my old enemy
10he's a liar ;D
didn't Topaz draw those?
RainBroDash: is the artist... named after a gemstone?
/me is hurt badly
herdmind, Daz.
/me decides to go against the witch, once more swinging his arms against the wicked being
AAAAAAAAAAH
/me brohoofs Daz
/me brohoofs GGgala
Still
What is so interesting? tell! >_<
/me slowly stands, hacking up some blood. "No... Daz..."
10nothing at all :D
... whaaaat eeeees eeeeeeet? it must bes omething >_<
I IS BRONY TANK! BROHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGF!!!"
"what is it GGgala?"
/me tries to dodge Rodman's attacks but is still hit by a bunch of them.
Daz! You're alive!
I am!
/me then picks up the witch once more and throws her at the survivors
Now! We have to help stop... the... *notices the Tank is fighting the Pegawitch*
OHMAHGAWD!
...actually, shall we make a strategic retreat?
but i'd rather spend my efforts asking RainBroDash what is so interesting about the artist Topaz
10...
RainBroDash: perhaps you'd be more forthcoming in a certain other channel?
xD
#rainbrodash_reveals_all
10xD
srsly what ees eet?
10I'm watching K-On ;_______________;
HELP ME!
10leaves me alone :3
i know u keep saying and im real happy for you and imma let you finish watching it but first: what is it?!?
I'M GONNA BASH INTO YOUVDAZ & GGGALA!HELP!
*YOU DAZ
...help you? you're bashing into us?
/me is confused
I'M GONNA HIT YOU BECAUSE RODMAN THREW ME!
wow' that's a lot of airtime if yer still talking xD i mean srsly just how far were you thr-
/me is hit by pegacorn, and sent flying
OMG
funny you should say OMG, i just entered hell in SH:SM (a videogame :P)
?
Silent Hill?
yarly
Shattered Memories?
yarly
Seems like a cool game.
sure is brah
But whatever,WE'RE FLYING THOUGH THE CITY,WAITING TO CRASH INTO SOMETHING!
RainBroDash, what is interesting about the artist?
/me is apparently playing a Wii game while flying through the city. Daz turns off the wii, puts in SA2:B, and plays level 1. WHILE FLYING THROUGH THE CITY!! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XmVagnlM-Ys
HELLS YEA
du da dadido da da da didu WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!! OH YEAAAAAAAA
DAT SONG
FLOATING AROUND AT THE SPEED OF SOUND
/me hi fives Pegacorn while flying through the air
GOT PLACES TO GO GOTTA FOLLOW MY WAY YEA
GOTTA FOLLOW MY RAINBOW
or is it... RainBro?
/me returns the hi-five,still flying though the air.
ah
Wait a minute...Pegacorn...i think we can fly!
/me tries to move
oh wait no we can't
well shucks, wonder when gravity'll kick in
I guess......now.
/me crashes into the wall of a Wal-Mart
/me crashes in a Toys R Us near the Wal-Mart
/me looks at Pegacorn..."PONIES!!!!"
YAY
yay~
/me runs though the deserted Wal-Mart,scarvenging for G4 ponies.
/me does the same in Toys R Us.
WHOOOOOO
It's a zombie apokalipse and FREE PONIES
Best.event.EVER!
/me , slightly dazed by Pega whisking Daz away right in front of him, turns and sees the Rodtank looming. "Aw, hell. Well it can't be worse off than they are!"
10CANT STICK AROUND HAVE TO KEEP MOVING ON
10GUESS WHAT LIES AHEAD, ONLY ONE WAY TO FIND OUT
10asfduugnagadf Crush 40 <33
RainBroDash: what is interesting?
and yes, crush 40 CAN YOU SE ALL OF ME WALK IN TO MY MYSTERY ; D
Epic song right there Daz.
POST IT
10what's interesting about Crush 40? Well they've been on the soundtrack to at least 4 sonic games, and they also did an epic soundtrack to a Nascar game like 8 years ago
mfw i now put on blops wii and just heard 'WHERE IS THE NUMBER STATION ' xD
What 'chu talkin' 'bout Daz?
(lol Diff'rent Strokes)
the artist of the RBDxSoi cloppics of course.
of course
10There is nothing interesting
10xD
CLOPPICS?THAT EXISTS?
indeedily-doodily.
/me runs like a maniac while Escape from the City plays.
10also dari since I know you'll read this i hate you x
dari reads all! ...if his name is mentioned
10let's just say so, yeah
10trololo
'let's just say so' 'trololo' What is it? you know something!
>mixed signals
>yes
you /tease/
/me 10knows nothing
/me 10has teh dumb all of a sudden
/me 10likes butterflies and the seaside
/me claws RainBroDash in the face to force him to reveal all
/me 10feels no pain
go Pegacorn !
/me invites RainBroDash to #rainbrodash_reveals_all. "All ya gotta do.. is talk!"
I NEED THE SHADOW THE HEDGEHOG THEME SONG TO HELP ME CLAW HIM!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_kTBbTSjZpI
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "I Am... All of Me by Crush 40 (Main Theme of Shadow the Hedgehog)" - "I Am... All of Me by Crush 40 (Main Theme of Shadow the Hedgehog) Official Blog (Find and Download Soundtracks Here) http://blackblur7.blogspot.com/ Lyrics V..."
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WolvOMVQ3Bk
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Shadow The Hedgehog Theme Song" - "its shadow&#39;s theme :D"
10or even better:
/me is ninja'd
do it do it do it DO IT! CAN YOU SEE ALL OF ME
Thanks Daz.
BLACK HEARTED EVIL BRAVE HEARTED HERO I AM ALL I AM ALL I AM
GGgala: ten. seconds. flat. http://www.dragoart.com/tuts/pics/8/8565/how-to-draw-rainbow-dash,-my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic.jpg
/me claws RainBroDash for 1 minute nonstop.
>RDFW it was 24 seconds
10http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zA9ON5_XUbM
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Sky Rail- Sonic Adventure 2" - "Mr. Unsmiley by Jun Sunoue for the level Sky Rail in Sonic Adventure 2 and Sonic Adventure 2 Battle."
>GGFW i'm playing Blops :P
sky rail ain't got no lyrics
10i heard that in the back of a video from a long time ago once
but it's awesome
10like, in the very background, at a starcraft tournament
Guess what my theme song is.
10it was the strangest thing, but mega nostalgia
i'll say
and RainBroDash WHAT DO THE NUMBERS M- WHAT'S INTERESTING
Hey Daz
10MASON
10THE NUMBERS
Your number just came up
ohai Rodman again
My theme song is......"I am all of me"!
...
D: D: D:
Ohai, my little bronies
RobotPinkie!
:3
>:{)
forgot this part: >RDFW http://arch.413chan.net/animated_insane_rainbow_dash_scared-(n1309947357957).gif
ohai RobotPinkie
10sup robotpinkie
eeyup GGgala lol
lawl, Daz :P
10nice link bro
it's rbd losing int on the floor cuz of wonderbolts best young flyer
404 error bro
lol
hey Daz, RainBroDash, Pegacorn
yes, RobotPinkie ?
welp. i dun goofed.
just saying hi
/me curses HTTP-Referer
ah, okies ^_^
I dun goofed installing Morrowind, somehow...
lolwut
aww, it's such a fun game as well!
Game won't go past "You're coming with me"
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJXKoubh9sQ
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Sonic CD &quot;Sonic Boom&quot; Music Request" - "I&#39;m doing requests for sonic music. If you want to hear any sonic song give a request in the comments. http://tsf.sonicstrike.net/forums"
I'm literally stuck on the ship. Installed all the latest patches and shit.
SONIC BOOM SONIC BOOM SAWNIC BOOOOOM
SONIC BOOM
: / feelsbadbrony, RobotPinkie
I'd like to refer all of you to this
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywAKBXuY5P4
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Sonic CD PC US Version Intro with Good Ending" - "It uses some new scenes in the intro while missing Robotniks face on the mountain that was Included in the Mega/SegaCD version of the FMV. It&#39;s also missing ..."
/me throws a sonic boom
/me wants to make the pun Sonic Boomer. Somehow.
Sonic Boomer.lol.
@pony Best pony of the hour
6 Best pony of the hour is 5Snai10ls
SOMEPONY GET A BOOMER IN HERE!
a hedgehog zombie?
I COULD GO SUPER SOOOONIC NO TIME FOR SOOOONIC AAAA AAAA AAAA
Eh, it's just an hour, I guess...
or just 12 mins if ya want ^_^
@pony Daz's fave pony of the hour
6 Daz's fave pony of the hour is 9App3le 8Fritter
True.
...........
who?
apple fritter
@pony RobotPinkie's best pony of the hour
6 RobotPinkie's best pony of the hour is 9App3le 8Fritter
BLOORGLOOORGLER!
...
OMAGAD
>mfw random Apple ponies are in the list, but not Caramel
/me vomits all over the bronies
Ohai Boomer
http://arch.413chan.net/animated_insane_rainbow_dash_scared-(n1309947357957).gif
GAAHH.
dat fail link
Y U
Not you too, GGgala!
BLOOORGAAAARGERGAA!
/me claws Boomer in the face.
i just thought it was funny , is all
http://images4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20110216030052/mlp/images/thumb/c/cb/Apple_Fritter_id.png/480px-Apple_Fritter_id.png
THERE
NOPONY ANGERS THE PEGAWITCH.
/me explodes and covers Pegawitch in bile
10http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhtFR6TWmlk
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "SA2 I am The EGGMAN: Ivo&#39;s theme song with addition lyrics" - "Sonic Adventure 2 features Eggman&#39;s greatest theme song, it actually sounds alright. Lyrics are as follows: Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, oh, yeah Didi, doh, Didi..."
10I forgot how ridiculous that song was :D
10so good
Well, I guess it is
...RainBroDash ... GETALOADOFTHIIIIIIS... that is all
All ponies should be in the database
OHGAWD
10also.... apple fritter is actually pretty fucking awesome, wow D:
10I never realised
GETALOADOFTHISGETALOADOFTHISGETALOADOFTHIS
BOOMER BILE ALL OVER ME!
it's also missing Octavia, I think.
@pony RobotPinkie's secret lover of the day
6 RobotPinkie's secret lover of the day is 7Scoota6loo
....
10it's missing colgate ;p
/me has never seen her
RainBroDash: have you seen the newest colgate picture?
DAT EGGMAN THEME!
10?
sec
10ikr rodman
10ikr
Seriously awesome
RainBroDash: the dating sim Colgate?
10O_o
lolol
it's relevant to your interest.
10dat eggman guitar solo
http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-lMa6RX1G-fM/TlD3yPbUPSI/AAAAAAAAK0s/znhn4P6iRzM/s200/colgatelick_by_colgatefim-d475u5e.png
This, RainBroDash
and you just came
http://i956.photobucket.com/albums/ae45/Starscream101/131296662174.gif
Dat plotting his schemes!
And you just d'awwwwwwed
also, sorry GGgala it's hard to do stuff in 10 seconds flat when playing vidya xD
daawwww
10ah yeah seen that, for some reason I don't think it's -that- great :P
10but oh well ^^
ah, delicious vidyaz
...how is it not -that- great?
lol yeah, I think it looks kinda weird.
Rodman, i'm still here, so i guess my number didn't come up ^_^
dat script
OH DARI
My number will never come up!
Nope
RainBroDash: set topic to 'colgate is best pony'
As it turns out, I was wrong
whew
It was Pegacorn's number, not yoursa
ah
lol Pegacorn
so wtf am I supposed to play now?
My number came up?
wait, numbers? ...as in Cupcakes?
RobotPinkie: eyedunnolol, ya got any consoles?
Looks like RobotPinkemena is comming back.
yes GGgala ofc
inb4 Pegacorn is robotpinkamena
10hahaha wait
Nope
Yeah, got a PS3 with... um... a lot of games.
10trolololololo
trolololol
...RobotPinkie play them?
10RobotPinkie YOU LIE
10PS3 HAS NO GAEMZ
trolol
but I kinda want to play some old PC games
So, I heard someone's number came up?
dat buggy script
yeah, sure, apart from the 80 games I have, RainBroDash :P
10xD
10I can't hear you over how awesome the Eggman theme is
hey GGgala
10sorry dude
yeah Daz?
http://2noob.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/04/OnlyGivesAwayEverything.jpg
U mad?
xD
o u!
/me 10is the Eggman
/me 10has the master plan
/me is the walrus
10XD
10win
/me is ... hmm
/me is the Plantdude
/me is Neku
oh Sony, why you go and hire Derpy for your security needs?
10Goo goo g'joob
Ziltoid is ziltoid
ohai Ziltoid
Sorry Eggman, Imma send you running back to Scootaloo
10ziltoid is rainbrodash
oh hai
My number came up Pinkemena.
everyone is RainBroDash
is that you dman?
Daz
@pony Everybrony
6 Everybrony is 6R12A3I9N8B7O4W 11DASH
YAY
lol
Well, what useful info actually leaked? Derpy would have stored the passwords in plaintext :P
0________________________0
10ahahahaa win
*Pinkamena
@pony Nobrony
6 Nobrony is 7Brae8burn
@Bestmeter Everbrony
6 Everbrony is 20% Best. (1662)
10WAT
WAT?
LOOL
THIS IS AN OUTRAGE
10XD
10>20%
xP so much win today
10@pony
12RainBroDash is 10Trix11ie
Winning
/me comes into the room on his motorcycle,a pistol in hand.
/me 10is okay with this
@Awesomemeter Everybrony
6 Everybrony is 86% Awesome. (1663)
Go ahead you can laugh all you want... but I've got my PS3
/me notes Trixie's color even matches RainBroDash
lul
:Pony
@Pony
12Daz is 8Apple Bl4oom
yay~
@pony
12GGgala is 7Applej8ack
lolwut
Apple Bloom! what are you doing on the internet?
I only have 9 platinum trophies... what do?
@pony Equestria's biggest porn star
6 Equestria's biggest porn star is 13Diamond 6Ti15a6ra
OHSHI-
ahahahahaa
10lol'd
wat
LOOOL
10ok Apple Fritter is actually in the running to become RBD's next favourite pony
Hey GGgala,i think you should fix your Steam account.Steam doesn't show anything on your account.
@pony The best singer in all of Equestria
6 The best singer in all of Equestria is 14Derp8y
@Pony worst pony
6 worst pony is 10Sni5ps
Pegacorn: oh yeah, that. i guess i should
True?
mostly :P
@pony The #BronyState mascot
6 The #BronyState mascot is 7Ste6ven Mag7net
@pony Equestria's Best Flier
6 Equestria's Best Flier is 15Princess 11Ce9le12st13ia
YOU SEE
@Pony the ruler of Equestria
6 the ruler of Equestria is 2Princess L10una
WHAT THE FLYING FUCKING FLYING FUCK
EPIC GET
@pony Daz's least favorite pony in all of Equestria
6 Daz's least favorite pony in all of Equestria is 15Tw6i4st
FUKKEN 10 EPIC GETS
Wait....where did PinkamenaDianePie go?
10holy fucking shitballs
she accidentally the wrong cupcake
?
Fucking screencapped
@pony PinkamenaDianePie secretely
6 PinkamenaDianePie secretely is 5Little Strong7heart
@Pony the most beautiful Pony
6 the most beautiful Pony is 15Tw6i4st
wut
lol
HAHAHAHA
LIES.ALL LIES.
this is hillarious
I fail to agree.
Nothing lasts forever, guys.
@Pony the cutest pony
6 the cutest pony is 11Photofin15ish
DE MAGICKS
@pony Filly who got flank
6 Filly who got flank is 6Twilight Spa13rk6le
@pony The pony who writes clopfics
6 The pony who writes clopfics is 13Diamond 6Ti15a6ra
RobotPinkie: i completely and utterly concur, my good chap.
like, to the ends of the earth concur
=D
Huh, I thought Twilight would be more likely to write Clopfics
Nope.
Diamond Tiara is a porn star AND a smut writer.
@pony The pony who reads all the clopfics your write
6 The pony who reads all the clopfics your write is 2The 8Wonder2bolts
@pony Pony who loves to read them clopfics
6 Pony who loves to read them clopfics is 15Prince Blueb8lood
DIAMOND IS SPY
LOL
Gotta have some hobby during their downtime.
@pony The pony who gets all the stallions
6 The pony who gets all the stallions is 7Mr Br15eezy
lolwut
0___0
I just lost my shit
@Pony everyone's waifu
6 everyone's waifu is 5Snai10ls
OHGAWDNO!
@pony The one who gets all the fillies
NIC CAGE IS LOSING HIS SHIT
6 The one who gets all the fillies is 3Granny Sm15ith
Equestria: Y U SO HOMOSEXUAL? y u no heterosexual?
LESBIANISM
Sounds likely.
Well, she always seemed like a lesbian pedofile
OCTAGENARIAN LESBIANISM
inb4 Apple family incest
@pony The only heterosexual pony
6 The only heterosexual pony is 5Chief Thund11erho15oves
inb4 'friendship is sexy' Pegacorn
hahahah
@The pony who's milkshake brings all the colts to the yard
@pony The pony who's milkshake brings all the colts to the yard
6 The pony who's milkshake brings all the colts to the yard is 5Little Strong7heart
Fail
NO U
@Pony The pony who's stallionhood brings all the fillies to the yard
6 The pony who's stallionhood brings all the fillies to the yard is 15Prince Blueb8lood
LOOOOOL just lol
10...
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Well, it kind of works
a hahahaha
@pony Equestria's foremost dominatrix
6 Equestria's foremost dominatrix is 12Soar1in'
0_o
o_0
@Pony the only semi-biped
6 the only semi-biped is 4Big Macint7osh
um...ok...
@pony The pony who loves to doom other ponies to the Everfree Forest and the Blank Flanks
6 The pony who loves to doom other ponies to the Everfree Forest and the Blank Flanks is 6R12A3I9N8B7O4W 11DASH
@pony the most well-hung pony
6 the most well-hung pony is 7Brae8burn
imokaywiththis
@pony The most closeted masochist in Equestria
6 The most closeted masochist in Equestria is 13Diamond 6Ti15a6ra
wtf is going on here
Diamond Tiara has a /dirty/ side, man
ikr
Diamond tiara is the greatest porn star, clopfic reader and S&M fan in Equestria
Holy shit
porn star/clopficcer/masochist
Sounds likely!
now THAT's a resume that's going places!
keep up the good work, DT!
lol
@pony Diamond Tiara's co-star in her next adult feature
6 Diamond Tiara's co-star in her next adult feature is 15Sweetie 6Be13ll6e
You got to admit, she's dedicated to her career
@Pony the first pony of the strongest possible marriage
@Pony the second pony of the strongest possible marriage
NNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
6 the first pony of the strongest possible marriage is 7Ste6ven Mag7net
6 the second pony of the strongest possible marriage is 5Chief Thund11erho15oves
IKNEWIT!
lolwut is all this
Hello
ohai Barry, shit's on in here btw
Sweetie Belle is new best pony.
IT WORKS WITH CANON EVEN
We all talked it over, and agreed.
@pony The one who loves to do Winter Wrap Ups
6 The one who loves to do Winter Wrap Ups is 5Little Strong7heart
@pony worst pony
6 worst pony is 7Brae8burn
@pony The one who loves to do Winter Wrap Ups
6 The one who loves to do Winter Wrap Ups is 7G5ild15a
@Pony the WWU organiser
6 the WWU organiser is 2The 8Wonder2bolts
aww
BISOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON
@pony M. Bison's favorite pony
6 M. Bison's favorite pony is 13Diamond 6Ti15a6ra
@pony The best organizer in all of Ponyville
WHAT DO THE APPLEPIES MEAN BISON? WHERE IS THE APPLE ORCHARD?
6 The best organizer in all of Ponyville is 6Cheeri13lee
BISOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON
@pony the pony who helps Twilight organize WWU
6 the pony who helps Twilight organize WWU is 14Hoity-15Toity
I seeeeaaayyyyy
She should've gotten Cheerilee to help...
Now we know who's DT's biggest fan
@pony Hoity Toity's favorite pony
6 Hoity Toity's favorite pony is 15Tw6i4st
@pony Diamond Tiara's biggest fan
...paedo
6 Diamond Tiara's biggest fan is 7Applej8ack
PEDO ALERT!
Need......to shoot......Infected....to....forget.....MADNESS!
pedo *
lol
MOTHERBUCKER. what'd i miss? (since BISOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON)
gggala - skype time
M. BISON YES!
You missed that Sweetie Belle is now best pony!
IT'S MORE THAN A FEEEEEEEEEEEELING!
lol
@pony Equestria's best singer
6 Equestria's best singer is 7Applej8ack
dat song Pegacorn. *hi hoof*
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PxLXBiY37JU
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Fluttershy and Sweetie belle lullaby song" - "this is the awesome song of sweetie bell, she has such an amazing voice! i really love it, anyway, yay!"
nah, best singer is rarity
/me hihoofs Daz
Sweetie Belle is best singer. Clearly.
@pony Equestria's best Bro-hoof-er
6 Equestria's best Bro-hoof-er is 2Princess L10una
NOPE
10:3
best singer is rarity
10nope
@pony Best singer
6 Best singer is 6Spik3e
LOL NO
@pony The unambiguously best singer in Equestria, according to Ziltoid
6 The unambiguously best singer in Equestria, according to Ziltoid is 2The 8Wonder2bolts
@pony Best announcer
6 Best announcer is 8Sapphire 12Sh11or12es
ohai Dermathil!
Suddenly, I be back
how's college Dermathil ?
how was your first college class ever?
it is okay
okay only?
@pony According to GGgala, the best apple bucker
6 According to GGgala, the best apple bucker is 14Derp8y
lol
dohohoh
RainBroDash: who is YOUR best singer?
RANDOM SPIDERMAN AND BATMAN OUTTA NOWHERE:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WlxjeRaTegM&feature=mfu_in_order&list=UL
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Batman and Spiderman Sing My Dad&#39;s Favorite Song for His Birthday" - "Didn&#39;t finish it. Might finish it if there&#39;s more of a demand. Happy Birthday, Dad! Even though it was yesterday. :3"
Teacher introduced himself, had ran out of stuff to say after 1 hour, ended class early
oh dear
@pony according to GGgala, the best mail pony
6 according to GGgala, the best mail pony is 8Bo12nB13on
@pony According to Derpy, the best singer in Ponyville
6 According to Derpy, the best singer in Ponyville is 3Granny Sm15ith
@pony Rodman's secret lust object
6 Rodman's secret lust object is 7Mr Br15eezy
lolwut
lol same here dermathil
OHGAWDNO!
YOU ANGERED THE RODTANK!
RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWRG!
10daz best singer is sweetie belle, although she's also worst pony
don't be knockin' Mr. Breezy, yo. Mr. Breezy gets allll the stallions.
ah, yes, she sings well
Silly RainBroDash, that's not how you spell best pony
10robotpinkie you know she's such a bad pony though :3
Yes but it's according to Derpy
RUN AWAY FRONT THE RODTANK!
hehehe Ziltoid
No :(
*FROM
10she ain't got nothin' on colgate/vinyl/dash/apple fritter:3
@pony According to Derpy, the best dancer in all of Equestria
6 According to Derpy, the best dancer in all of Equestria is 13Pinkie 4Pie
...
yourfaceswhen now i'm on Kirby's Epic Yarn :3 http://www.sosgamers.com/wp-content/gallery/kirbys-epic-yarn/kirbys-epic-yarn-arte-001.jpg just look at it. I dare you not to d'aww
>mfw RainBroDash thinks Sweetie Belle is worse than Prince Blueblood
**** da po-lice!
What a bastard...
mfw RainBroDash now has a 4th fave pony too
10Prince blueblood is a god
Kriby DRIVES ME DAW
10daz haters gonna hate
no, RainBroDash, lovers gonna love
:3
Lol rainbrodahs be trollan
10xD
well, RainBroDash, i have 7 fave ponies, so yah
inb4 me revealing the truth about Kirby's Epic yarn.
10prince blueblood doesn't take shit from nopony
haha true dat
and Pegacorn the truth?
@pony The pony about to violate RainBroDash's stallionhood
6 The pony about to violate RainBroDash's stallionhood is 8Bo12nB13on
(:3) >mfw http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/08/blog-post_22.html
10eh maeks girls work for it, and doesn't give a shit
0___0
@pony KIirby
6 KIirby is 12Spit8f7ire
@pony Kirby
6 Kirby is 9App3le 8Fritter
how the
RainBroDash be trollan
Anyone read the season2 eps1 script leak?
Dermathil: dat link. wat
10mfw the site now has 2 chat boxes and no stream
Dermathil: i uh what?
10XD
10dat glitch
and yea Ziltoid MIND BLOWN!!!!!
The truth is Kiry's Epic Yarn isn't really a Kirby game.They just put Kirby in it to make it more succesful over here in he places other than Japan.
ITS GONNA BE SO AWESOME
refresh RainBroDash
Not going to read it.
Don't spoil plz
Like the did with Doki Doki Panic becoming Super mario Bros USA?
Don't want to spoil it
*the
RobotPinkie: i did and yea sure don't read it, and ofc i won't man! but srsly it's mindblowing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Eeyup Barry
Pegacorn: Still an awesome game, though.
@pony The most mindblowing pony
6 The most mindblowing pony is 15Tw6i4st
...
Pegacorn - >implying i didn't know that. >implying im not a huge nintendonerd/fanboy (however, i listen to and like other consoles too, so i ain't a stupid fanboy :3)
I just can't get the hang of Kirby NOT swallowing his enemies.
My mind is blown by that, actually...
Pegacorn: i can. it's so cute :3
@pony the most unpredictable pony is
6 the most unpredictable pony is is 7G5ild15a
10mfw season 2 starts before i go back to uni
10Y U DO DIS
RainBroDash: U have internet yes?
When
10NOW I'LL HAVE TO WATCH PONIES DURING UNI TIME ;_______________________-;
@pony The most rideable pony
6 The most rideable pony is 7Ste6ven Mag7net
@pony Equestria's greatest mind-fucker
6 Equestria's greatest mind-fucker is 14Derp8y
RainBroDash: ain't that a good thign?
10nope
Guys, we have a date for season 2.
RainBroDash: that's the best! motivation midschooling!
=D
True dat Rodman
Dermathil: still rumoran right? 17th sept odd?
Also, gonna rejoin in a few minutes. Gotta fix a leaking web browser
Wait no.
/me 10was planning to ditch ponies for a while at uni, cause, you know, liking ponies is fucking strange
LIES
Don't man
**** DA PO-LICE
/me imagines water leaing from Dermathil's screen
10lol
Daz, I know it is still a rumor. But we have happy date to look forward to.
DO NOT LET THE PARASPRITES FUCK YOU UP!
Well I love ponies, so fuck u :P
RainBroDash: pfft, what else you gonna do saturday mornings? ...Oh wait, it's afternoons in the UK.
lolol
Daz: >yfw my screen is leaking plasma instead
also RobotPinkie i cannot express in words how good s02ep01 sounds. my mind os blown. i'll try to write it in words:
10gggala implying I'm going to be awake on saturday mornings or afternoons :P
RainBroDash: MFW i assumed exactly that :P
10;D
@pony The pony that's equivalent to Season 2 Episode 1 in awesomeness
6 The pony that's equivalent to Season 2 Episode 1 in awesomeness is 5A8ce
RainBroDash: in other words: peers are asleep. WATCH PONIES
jsadfiponv rywh;mfidsfhcsdua f;rh4w4t HUPPHW3h4t'DPSJAGT483QT2857YMT8E9SA'F/DNV GT TRB8U#676R]YRSF M\D F[\\Z DEWHR4 O36JTRENFDUGFSDJRZ\S NRZSEY R8THJRQE'IOCOJE9MQXZ8M`9-ZM``HN7VC9;OEUH TV38M5H[9MFS7PNRE68YN1380NHnvr3ihu6430n1co5hx`7mwqep8hyvagd8f9og;nirvhn869t542y6n
10OH
10THAT'S CLEVER GGGALA
10THAT'S CLEVER
lol wut
lolwut daz
So S2E1 has a beard and pants
SEASON 2!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RainBroDash: everybody's too hung over from Friday night to care!
I like it
10GGgala I think you may have cracked the formula
/me throws his number away
10I wean them onto ponies when they're at their weakest
mfw we all watch ep1 and its a cliffhanger
we lose ya, Dz?
NO NUMBER SHALL MAKE ME DIE!
we lose ya, Daz*?
>having fun >hugeass headache and not remember half of what happened. >implying fun
I think I'm gonna install Sacred again...
GGgala_: for my mind :3
Man, I miss Sacred
That game is fun
Yeah, tell me about it...
10mind_of_daz mfw you genuinely think there's more bad to good surrounding using alcohol as a stimulant O.o
I love the secret dragon bosses
LEVERAGE
10it's fucking awesome.
So f'in' epic
RainBroDash i'm only kiddin! i repeat: i know, i've done it, i know. just ajoke i've played on ya 3 times, y u no remember?
You know what's sweet?
10Well it seems pretty un-joke-like to me, since you keep saying it ;D
alcohol lowers heartpulse (possibly extending life) makes u use enzymes not used as much, and processes not used much in body = healthier body etc etc. i'm sure theres a shitton of other positives, but i cba to remember
Apart from Sweetie Belle and Sacred?
RainBroDash xD trololo
i had 4 beers y/day yay~
/me picks out a number at random and it happens to be HIS number
10and daz who cares about heart rates and bullshit :3
10s'all about the fun
so RainBroDash how many pints before you feel anything? (/ cans)
Daz: MFW i didn't notice Mind_Of_Daz spelled what it does XD
i'm interested
lol GGgala_
How are your ponies doing, Daz?
10daz I don't really drink beer, and it really depends on my mood, since if I'm happier I drink faster
RobotPinkie aww man! haven't even begun them :(. been out so much. i need to do them
o i c RainBroDash. would you say you have a particularly high / low tolerance thou?
10but if I drink quickly, I'm a bit of a lightweight. But I can drink a lot of alcohol and keep drinking and not be sick :3
Tried to do Pinkie's hair, but failed... Need to get hairpins
not be sick, but get tingly? high / low tolerance would you say?
RobotPinkie: get deeeemmm
10@daz I said I'm a bit of a lightweight
10:P
Am I strange for wanting the not-mane-character brushables?
Crap.My number came up.Again.
okies RainBroDash
Mope rb
I kinda want to catch 'em all, now...
10like, especially when hyper, it's a quick process into drunkenness
nope rb
no, RobotPinkie, you are as normal as I am...take that as you will
I'll take that as a compliment, then
Dwarf is best character in Sacred, btw.
GGgala_: would you say it was http://fondosdibujosanimados.com.es/images/wallpapers/jack-sparrow-908463.jpeg the opportune moment?
OPPORTUNE
Even if he can't diggy diggy hole, he can BLOW holes into shit
why dig when you can TNT
= D
lol diggy diggy hole
I SEE WHAT YOU DID THERE
His mine drops are f'in awesome when you're overwhelmed by enemies and have to run
Daz: OH U
10daz implying being hyper even touches being drunk in the slightest :D The majority of my ridiculous stories are based on drunkenness
O RLY PEGACORN?
Yes.Yogscast joke.
This is when you say "I am DAVE! Yognaut! and I have the balls"
lol
10anyway, shower time
well, RainBroDash i guess that's true HOWEVER i'm not trolling, and mean this seriously: In My Opinion there are 2 ways that compare to being drunk in terms of 'different experience' and lolworthy / wtfy
10daz I completely do not understand the 2nd half of that post
10is it in swahili?
i have 2 other ways i have fun that i think are as good as being drunk
...u trollan meh?
10oh cool, what are they?
/me tackles Pegacorn into a lake. "KARMAAAAAAAAAAAAA!"
btw they are staying up more than 50 hours (seriously bro i promise you this is true, i have auditory and visual hallucinations while awake, due to mind going semi asleep and AWAKE REM FOR THE WIN)
10Yeah, staying up is great, but it's not really as repeatable :P
and serious strain (such as 3 or 4 hour run in 55 degrees centegrade of spain) followed by sleep :P
i guess RainBroDash it is harder to do. but results can be better too
i've yet t osee ponies in my house sadly. ah well, perhaps i'll try again before school starts up
10imo daz they're both a little random, and not exactly plausible in all social situations
not social at all, that's why you go and drink :3 :3
OHGOD!KARMA ROBOTPINKIE HAS RETURNED!
10'let's have some fun' "kk gimme a sec, just gonna do a 4 hour run then have a sleep to get hyped up" lolwut
10xD
RobotPinkie left?
You've yet to see ponies in your house? I am now confused.
and RainBroDash that's a completely antisocial and on-yer-own thing ofc, that's y u go out with m8es xD
but uh that's my way of lucid dreaming best. srs work then bed :P
only had 1 pony dream so far and it was semipony aniways D:
I've had a couple... one was REALLY weird
Daz: semipony? eh?
well, GGgala_ iv'e said (maybe u remember) it was a dream where i went scuba diving
Have you guys sorted out who will be streaming S2?
inb4 centaurs
lolwut
i've said a few times here, maybe you remembeR?
Haha
but i'm srs it was that
do u know the face?
10spazturtle we're sorting it still so far. Atm we have one legit s2 streamer and at least one plausible backup, but we need more still
should i find it?
>WELL DUH face
/me resurfaces and claws Karma RobotPinkie in the face
yeah, find it? i dun remember
oki
RainBroDash ah good, only 25 days to go now :)
wow GGgala_ may take a little sorry
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ft7zHARLUs0
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Pinkie Pie - Well, duh!" - "My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic 01x10 - Swarm of the Century I don&#39;t own My little Pony license. My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic is © Hasbro Inc / Th..."
That face?
np Daz
not that RobotPinkie :
:3
where in ep 1
with twi
oh wait
Ohhh, I know what you mean
10Spazturtle so they say :P
i think it's 'well duh BOO-REENG' face
/me is back
/me is randomly running around
wb Dermathil
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mG2I-o3yUA
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Pinkie Pie - Boring" -
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mG2I-o3yUA
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Pinkie Pie - Boring" -
lololol
:3
Double Pinkie all the way across the chat
That's Pinkie's way of saying Cool story bro.
or...what a story mark!
right
Call upon the sea ponies when you're in distress!
Both are the same.
Daz: ahhh, her "U MAD?" face!
thanks Daz
but wtf RobotPinkie no pony dream yet but a friggin seapony...pinkie with that crosseye face and smile. i did lol when i woke up, but stiiiiill
lol u mad face?
i guess
Helpful as can be poni- *tackles himself into a lake*
I dreamt I was spying on Fluttershy from some bushes....
/me based that label on a "U MAD?" macro using that face
oki
SHOOBIE DOO SHOOB AHOOBIE DOO
for some reason there were other bronies there too, also spying on Fluttershy
D:
http://s3.amazonaws.com/kym-assets/photos/images/original/000/122/029/IDidNawt.jpg?1305060137
It works.
stalker bronies, or naturist bronies?
Everypony wants a pice of fluttershy
10anyway shower time
I DID NAWT ohai mark
10peace out bronizzles
I don't know, just people going "d'aww" over how cute she is
LIES ZILTOID
bai bai RainBroDash
later RainBroDash
bai rainbro
lol Pegacorn
later RainBroDash
and then she noticed us when I went "shhh!" to the other bronies... and so I woke up
kinda disappointing
so who is this Thegreatandpowerful ?
hipster?
Ohai Sathi
sathi?
/me the great and powerful Sathi joined the channel!
ah
ohey Sathi
lolwut
Ohey!
sorry i mised 2 house eps btw : /
STREAM HOUSE PLZ
House will be on tonight again
<3
woohoo haus
House, yesssss
when tonight?
how many eps did we watch yesterday? i only caught two
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2KUEc0zXTU
does this loop forever for anyone else?
yea, Thegreatandpowerful any time? so i cna do other stuff till then
RobotPinkie: i keep finding recent youtube vids autoloop
Ehm I think around 4 PM depends a bit how long some of my mod duties take
Weird.
Eastern*
4 PM which time zone?
mod...duties?
ah
I wont be there
I mean when Winter Wrap Up looped forever, that made me very happy....
sadface
If no-one is streaming now
I can restream 1 till 12 now
the first episodes again?
yes in case some missed them
I never saw 1
derp
I missed everything after like... episode 8 or something?
Soap operas as seen by Celestia:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y1tvgbzwH0M&feature=player_embedded
i don't mind, if it's not too much work for you...cuz of the 'mod duties'
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Princess Celestia - Rather melodramatic, if you ask me" -
which ones did you stream yesterday, Sathi?
agreed, Pegacorn
let's see
10 11 12 yday
oh okay
this is what I was told
Yes 10,11 and 12 yesterday
missed part of 11 and all of 12, I think.
So tell me tell me tell me tell me WHICH do you want to see now?
i've only ever seen every ep once, so it's nice seeing them again, thanks Sathi :3
uuuuuhhhhh don't mind rly
i'll sit this one out, others can choose
Well, Ziltoid didn't see first one?
Yeah i never saw it
alright ep1 it is
Pilot is really good
interesting lighting too :P
yes that lighting
I thought it was the dvd at first
rly? nah
Most heartwarming series finale ever: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3ANUkOyDNQ&feature=related
it's ep ^_^
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "CARLTON DAAAAANCE!" - "Its the FINAL carlton dance from the fresh prince....straight claaassic"
/me 7is a collector
House has a great plot...
I HAVE NO IDEA
/me 7is setting things up
...if you know what I'm sayin', right guyse?
uuummmm.....
RobotPinkie: BOOOO.
(lawl, A+)
RANDOM TF2 OUTTA NOWHERE!
/me giggles at GGgala_
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36lSzUMBJnc&feature=player_embedded
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Meet the Medic" - "Not every mad doctor lives in a castle surrounded by villagers with pitchforks. Sometimes they live in the trenches, where there&#39;s plenty of spare parts flyi..."
I love plot
'don't worry, zey gro bak' '(No zey don't)'
lol
keksi keksi KEKSIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
KEKSY
KEKSY
KEKSY KEKSY KEKSY
@pony The pony with the best keksi
6 The pony with the best keksi is 5A8ce
inb4 keksy
inb4 lyrics in russian
ZE SOUND OF PROGRESS MY FRIEND.
Кексы, кексы, кексы!
Vse, shhto nuzhno sdelat' - vzyat' muki nemnogo i dobavit' v smes'. I shchepotku soli, a eshche neploho sakhar ves', shto est'! Pech' fkusnyashki prosto, polozhi tuda vanili. Lozhku ili dve, a mozhet tri, ah, uderzhat'sya netu sily! Keksy! fkusnjashka-sladost'! Keksy! Speshit' ne nado! Keksy! Keksy, keksy, keksy!
Zat looks good.
vid http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VOT3pmynZlY&feature=related
Keksy~~~Keksy keksy KEKSYYYYY
Does anyone here live in Orlando, or get Adelphia?
KESKY
кексы
I HAVE NO IDEA
KESKY
кексы
Keksy is now best pony
ARKAMEDES?
@кексыmeter Pinkie Pie
6 Pinkie Pie is 62% кексы. (1665)
inb4 accent acute
ке́ксы
@roll ы é
6Daz rolls a Ŕ
So many russians in here
LOLWUT
wtf did i just roll
You roll your R's
Адельфия
Just like a German.
RobotPinkie: YEAAAAH
@roll ы é
6Daz rolls a Š
lol
Godspeed you magnificent bastard.
try it.
@roll tootsie
6RobotPinkie rolls a
@roll `
6Barry rolls a
Daz: you went on beyond Z! we're into the wild lands past the charted alphabet.
i no rite GGgala_
Uncharted 3 plot confirmed
@roll 123456789123456789123456789
6Barry rolls a 909318923951
lulz
@rollmeter This Chat
6 This Chat is 85% roll. (1666)
@roll
6Spazturtle rolls a 4
Uncharted?DO NOT WANT.
@rickrollmeter this chat
6 this chat is 27% rickroll. (1667)
@on_a_rollmeter Daz
6 Daz is 92% on_a_roll. (1668)
@@rollmeter This chat
6 This chat is 91% @roll. (1669)
hehey @ within an @
lol you actually don't like Uncharted?
@CEPTION
/me has an idea
@roll @!#
6Barry rolls a
@chartedmeter The known alphabet
6 The known alphabet is 87% charted. (1670)
@chartedmeter The entire alphabet
6 The entire alphabet is 33% charted. (1671)
@knownmeter The unknown
6 The unknown is 6% known. (1672)
@unchartedmeter life
6 life is 51% uncharted. (1673)
I think Uncharted is EXTREMELY overrated.
@Ⓒⓘⓡⓒⓛⓨmeter Ⓣⓗⓘⓢ ⓒⓗⓐⓣ
6 Ⓣⓗⓘⓢ ⓒⓗⓐⓣ is 6% Ⓒⓘⓡⓒⓛⓨ. (1674)
I prefer Ø
No way in HELL that it's better than Red Dead Redemption.
@unknownmeter The unknown
6 The unknown is 78% unknown. (1675)
AWW ... yeee? 6%?#
huh?
Daz: dat idea!
then there's the classic, GGgala_, :
ʎʇıʌɐɹפ ƃuıʎldɯI<
Shooting is much better than RDR, but RDR is better in a lot of other ways.
@unknownmeter GGgale_
6 GGgale_ is 59% unknown. (1676)
@unknownmeter GGgala_
6 GGgala_ is 94% unknown. (1677)
@coolermeter Season 2
6 Season 2 is 7% cooler. (1678)
RDR is the best game of 2009 in my opinion.
7% cooler is still awesome
I mean they're quite different types of games.
@coolermeter Rainbow Dash
6 Rainbow Dash is 79% cooler. (1679)
Pegacorn haven't played : /
@coolermeter rainbow dash
6 rainbow dash is 15% cooler. (1680)
@coolermeter Season2
6 Season2 is 10% cooler. (1681)
I dunno, RDR lacks a bit in replay value, to me.
dammit
Daz,BUY IT.
It's MASSIVE, and a whole lot of fun while it lasts
RDR?Lacking replay value?UMADBRO?
@cooler meter anything Dash wears
Pegacorn but I don't ...*looksright* *seesxbawx* ... I ... uh ...heh heh...um...
@coolermeter anything Dash wears
6 anything Dash wears is 1% cooler. (1682)
lul
lol
lol no u mad :P
Waht is RDR?
@coolermeter anything Daz wears
6 anything Daz wears is 57% cooler. (1683)
lolwut
Red Dead Redemption, Spazturtle
7alright i'm nearly ready
yay~
Read Dead Redemption, awesome open world western
Yay
That means if Daz plays as Rochelle in L4D2,that means that here Depeche Mode t-shirt is 57% cooler,right?
*her
RobotPinkie: the best thing i heard bout it was from IGN where someone said that 'if you stand outside with headphones on, and there's a thunderstorm ingame, (basicallyeargasm)
@coolermeter anything Daz plays
6 anything Daz plays is 64% cooler. (1684)
lol
Pretty much, Daz
i don't play many vidya, Barry : /
guess i should get it, then, RobotPinkie
@coolermeter anything Daz watched
6 anything Daz watched is 54% cooler. (1685)
why so much daz? n-not that I mind
Daz plays TF2 and L4D2 to my knowledge.
Well, depends on if you like open world games
Pegacorn: HARDLY. sorry bro, but look at my playtime
like, what, 4 hours l4d2 and 2 hours tf2 IN MY LIFE?
because your name is so close to Dash, and we all know RD makes everything cooler
GODDAMN.
If you do, then you will LOVE RDR, it's one of the best open world action games ever, pretty much.
so by extension, you make everything cooler
Daz: eargasm?
glad to hear it RobotPinkie i get very bored of vidya quickly, only the really goodo nes i can play and even then i can get bored
me gusta
yea GGgala_ i heard that it sounds amazing
/me is siging trololol
D:
7that beautiful pause screen :P
I love open world games because they look good in 3D
I,for some reason,wanna play TF2.
"i've heard all aobut you" " yea most people have, they live in one"
But i'll stay here since it's more fun to stay here.
Ziltoid: Was that supposed to be signing, or singing?
singing
I typo
ah
signing 'trolol?'
Your faithful student, trololol
trolling the deaf? you bastasrd
Uncharted is like an action movie, it has zero open world elements. Not really comparable to RDR.
tr0lling deaf? House does this in an episode with 'FIGHT THE POWER' xD
lol
oh House!
i have seen 2 hours of uncharted, RobotPinkie it looked good
Daz speaks the truth
lul
About House that is.
what, he's a genius asshole? xD
Yes
I love the Uncharted games, the have great story, great acting and great action.
But they're extremely linear.
ah ok
i've played to completion aybe 20 or 30 games before
: /
7alright house is up
this ep 1 ?
7yes
ah thanks
So it's like watching an awesome action movie. You might not enjoy watching it again right away. I do though, in this case :P
7fixing sounds a bit
/me still hasn't seen cloppics
7hows the sound?
great
quite loud, which is a nice change from the stream :3
lol Daz
7enjoy the show
not too loud thou
ty
/me stops singing trololo to watch house
Volume is fine for me.
What are you talking about Daz?
>made a new friend
BTW, leaving in about 20 minutes
>she's totally fucking him
>mfw 'gauzebondage.png'
this is teacher is twilight sparkle
GGgala_: i viewed them
DERP
Daz: heheh
THis teacher is flipping out
She stepped in a field of poison joke
7any other episodes you would like to see?
GGgala_: what the hell did I just save? xD
dat siezure
theGreatandPowerful: have to be ones we've seen thou rite?
7yep
wasn't that episode seen already?
in that case, i don't mind ill let others see
Dermathil: yah ep 1
for Ziltoid who hasn't seen
7cause I will carry on at 4 PM eastern with ep 13
Daz: solid gold, man! solid gold.
Hey Sathi,could we play requests after this episode?
sathi taking eps 1-12 requests till 4pm est
10pm to me : /
and GGgala_ lol
Daz: could you figure out what the ponies were saying in the comic one?
7i'll just add them to the playlist ;)
oh who wanted me to read 'through the eyes of another pony' ?
GGgala_: not really
wasn't that Wrek, Daz?
think so
it's open in tabs g2 read at some point
yeah, cuz they were the one drawing the OC
House team assemble
ah GGgala_
i can read it
first panel 'er-' 'what's that mean?'
OH GOD
wut
wrong episode?
7yep suddely ep 9 started
7derpy!
2nd panel 'we have a real-' 'what?!'
suddenly, cuddy
what are you reading, Daz?
RobotPinkie, house is a 1 man army xD
RobotPinkie: at some point today, 'through the eyes of another pony'
7ok all eps til 12 in playlist now
...okies
7not sure how far we get though
7but we will see
while you do your ...mod work thing?
EXPLOSION
we can skip the ones everyone's seen?
7yes
That way we might get pretty far :P
...might
meebee
wait, was that BING on the stream?
did anyone else hear it?
I'M ACTING
7yep
lol
inb4 many skype steam bings :P
haha, i thought i got a message somwhere XD
no no, Skype goes BLOOP
7not yet, but there will be at some point, yes
Windows goes BING
7but skype sounds are muted
bing, bloop, and steam goes...?
So does anyone know where I can download all the G1 MLP?
lolwut
umad
7torrent? usenet? i'm not sure
uh... CHING?
can't remember heh
LOL
LOL
IT'S A TRAP
G1 is best generation, Pegacorn, and you know it!
haha
inb4 dead
>RobotTroll
LIES
I SEE YOUR TROLLING
What?
lawl
Seagulls!
Nemo Seagulls >_>
We all talked it through, and we agreed that G1 is best generation... you weren't there, Pegacorn?
SCREW G1 I HAVE G4
7also you guys need to be more active on our facebook page :P
G3.5 was a very close second, though, you'll be happy to know!
:P
7IMPORTANT news there
oh mnan
/me gets a combat shotgun and starts shooting RobotPinkie
/me eats buckshot
ALRIGHT
Cyall everybody
what?
that was brutal
ah bie bie
theGreatandPowerful I don't have facebook so what is the news?
I'm heading out back to College
later Dermathil
bye dermathil
/me checks FB
GASP
lol
...just an eqd post, so far
later Dermathil
7and!!!
We have!
sure have!
we saw the announcements in Chat Proper Sathi :P
7AND.....
and...?
7We are still recruiting
you are? cool
you must recruit additional moderators!
Do you still NEED more mods, or is it for streaming HUB?
may I ask why more mods are needed?
suudenly yes
7We are recruiting both for future plans
/me 7cant share any more information yet
hmm...i m just wonderin', as there seems to be plenty'a mods already
7Just be around often
i mean, if you were to make more than one livestream it would divide some of us D:
cuz of where we would wanna be
My official instructions:Kill all sons o' bitches.
lol
are you still looking for mods for streamin season 2? cuz i can't do dat
7Like I said we're looking for both
doesn't get any more official than that Pegacorn xD
True Dat Daz
I dunno, I'm not sure exactly what I'd contribute, Sathi :P
hmm...i'm still confused, so many mods already
7and more to come :P
more 0_o
I hat those stairs!
*hate
there's pretty much always a mod online as it is 0_o
ITZ NAH A TUMOAH
...i forgot what the application process is again :p we have to email?
7yes you do
I hate that bridge!
7just e-mail us at BronyState@gmail.com
bjornfort is the reason why the mod staff has had to be quadrupled XD
lol
Pegacorn, you know this to be true xD
?
Waddaya mean?
'you know this to be true' is a way of saying 'amirite' like 200 years ago. thought it was known : /
eg: YOU ARE DOOOOOMED YOU KNOW THIS TO BE TRUE.
lawl
Like when Vader said "Search your feelings.You know it to be true",right?
lol Sathi is getting her soundboard on :P
for example. it's commonly used in dramatic moments of memories
movies *
wtf how i typo movies for memories
lol
lol
7your head is full of ponies
dat house
RobotPinkie: still g2 brush, haven't done yet
It is, Sathi
sure is
7I even use eeeeeeyup at work.. or during business meetings
mfw i can't quote cuz nobody here knows english : /
mfw when season 1 dub airs i will quote 24/7
Just wait for the awesome dub, Daz!
>my face when when
RobotPinkie: just said that :P
lol
you beat me to it
yea i know GGgala_ i just do that
i see 'mfw' as an image of a face rather than 'my face when'
OHHH
ah well
yo'ure right, i shouldn't do that, it's incorrect
DEAD
7no
/me squints. "it's a face?"
and THIS is a very mild case of pony withdrawal symptoms xD
oh dear weird lighting
amirite?
but yeah, just never pull too hard on the hair when you brush, you'll put it into knots
GGgala_ no it's not a face, i just think a face when I see 'mfw'
she's a brony who hasn't done anything Pony for 24 hours, and the cure is more pony
z'ok Daz. didn't mean ta bug ya
you're right, though, GGgala_ my post scuks and I should feel bad xD (zoidberg)
sucks *
>mfw I use mfw http://archive.no-ip.org/images/co/thumb/0235/11/1297821514490s.jpg
>a pone
the pun, it burnsss us
yes yes it does
could have been alone, a pony, a brony
I'd say that you guys... *puts on sunglasses* ...have been poned
FOREVER ALONE
NOOOOOOO
NYYYYOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAH (yeeaa)
so RobotPinkie you're a mm(beech) who likes mmmmmmPuns?
Well, you know where you can find more puns?
Well, yeah... I guess I am
ITZ NOT ATUMAH
OOON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONAAAAAAAAAAAA
BEEEEEEEEEE-YAAAAAACH
:P
I just searched "forever alone pony" though, so it's not my pun :P
Its all about the ham
I love ham...
ham to ham combat best combat
dat pun
I'm trying to stop eating meat though.
why?
except for fish.
why's that?
Eh, because it's better for my health
7fish is healthy
"it's really...quite beautiful" never change house
never change
7especially fresh fish
but why would you stop eating other meat too?
(just asking btw i'm not mentioning my eating orders here or anything, i'm just interested to know)
hiya ppl! long time no chat!
House:Your dumb
>mfw i read 'eating orders' as 'eating disorders' >.>
well it seems healthier to switch to a pescetarian diet, and I don't really like how the meat industry is run...
hahaha
and i guess so RobotPinkie, btw i laughed at GGgala_'s comment
Cat, hihi!
/me hugs cat
i admit, i thought "an eating disorder that makes you eat meat?"
I'll still eat sheep from my parents' farm sometime, because I know they've been taken well care of
i'm lucky enough to live in such a remote area of spain that i can actually go and see our chickens, pigs, etc be slaughtered and meat taken, so i have relatively good heet here
but that's like... a couple of times a year, so...
meat * not heet
/me 7hats the bio industry
7hates*
yay RobotPinkie knowing where your food comes from! =D
10just came back to a discussion about food
ah ohai RainBroDash
7ohai RBD
10I feel inclined to mention that I just cooked the most amazing grilled cheese and bacon baguette
7house is on again
Well, you know what you should do after you eat, RainBroDash ?
10it's practically godlike
RainBroDash, i challenge that notion.
10and Sathi, WIN
ohai RainBroDash. sounds...delicious
/spike
10GGgala... it -is-
7I just ate pasta with smoked salmon
10also need to do some jumbling about on my pc, and then I'll join you with House
ogod, theGreatandPowerful. what have you done to me. i'm... hungry
i just ate a tortilla with spring rolls. gogo cultural food mix :3
lol
AAAAAARGHDNOOIYFEPWQTOHPDUAHFN;DSA
Faaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan
RobotPinkie: you just made me think of something so horrible i'm only posting it in a PM to you...
and DAYUM robotpinkie dat colgate
wait... what brand of toothpaste is Colgate standing on? o_0
haha wat?
10bah finally
10there we go
and I dunno, maybe she's crushing a rival brand?
ohai RainBro
it says... FOAM?
FOQM?
10FOQM?
/me 10will now buy FOQM
lul
10also my stream r break
10my internet is teh lose
be back in a bit, y'all, incredible urge to eat now
i'm going out for a little bit so c'yall, and thanks so much for streaming Sathi
ow my ears
bye daz
10i think i just died
10and cya daz
7why are you leaving me theGreatandPowerful!
later daz
7you hurt theGreatandPowerful Sathi's feelings
bai bai Ziltoid and RainBroDash. also, theGreatandPowerful i'm going to see my grandmother, as my dad is cultivating 17 bonsais there and must go daily, so i go with daily.
but but bonsai
later RobotPinkie
7Ohhh I want a bonsai tree
BONZAI
7can you send one?
7:D
10bam.
:P my dad's a fanatic
7you lack an L :P
aaaniway again thanks for streaming and love you all bronies!! <3
I GO
balm?
7Later Daz
bai Daz!
10rofl robotpinkie
NYANCANNON
suddenly nyan
10ahhhhh my day just got nyan% better
Nyan is canon
10so much win
10yay a sports one
@nyanmeter Day
6 Day is 3% nyan. (1686)
10these are always awesome
Needs more nyan
@Lauriemeter Hugh
6 Hugh is 74% Laurie. (1687)
10@catmeter Nyan
6 Nyan is 61% cat. (1688)
Presumably the other 26% are Grant
or Hefner
everybody is hiding
7It's House MD day! I'm re-streaming episodes on your request! (1-12) Later on today we continue Season 1 starting at episode 13.
not me but i'm about to haveta go.
what episode is this?
havnt seen it
7 2
and now i do. tell evry1 hey for me. :)
lawl
lol
Oh foreman man
mad*
so the episodes I missed were 7,8, 11 and 12... Just looked it up.
I should probably get House on DVD...
such a great show
7yes you should
is there eye jabbing in this episode?
7inb4 night-terror
I love eye jabbing
induring, is moar liek it :P
10A guy in my boarding house had a random night terror this one time, it was the scariest shit
I've had hypnopompic hallucinations coupled with sleep paralysis.
NOT fun.
I can see why people believe they've been abducted by aliens...
7troll
House squeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
House or me?
House
I'm trying to beat House in the trolling olympics
You cant win
True, I can't even beat Bjornfort :P
btw that is painfull
Eeeeeyup
ow
10my ears
10they went boom
Lolwut RobotPinkie
lawl
<3
NEIIIIIIIIIIIGHSAYERS
TEENY TINY BABY COFFINS
7yummy mommy
7ribbit
RobotPinkie do you think you could out troll that?
Hey errypony!It's my birhtday in 5 days!
*birthday
ITTY BITTY LITTLE WIDDLE TWINKIE PINKIE
How old will you be
15.I'mma be 15.
10happy birthday in advance pegacorn
and no... I can't out troll House on that
gratz pegacorn
hbd
So,if anypony could gift me Gmod on Steam,it would be VERY appreciated.
gratz in advance, in case I don't see you then
DOSH
10xD
lol
@pony House's favorite pony
6 House's favorite pony is 13Pinkie 4Pie
lolwut
I can see that.
Makes sense
lol
10@pony The pony your pony could smell like
6 The pony your pony could smell like is 5Doctor Whooves
inb4 Ventrilo arrasment
wat?
@pony the pony that tastes best when cooked
6 the pony that tastes best when cooked is 5Snai10ls
@pony The pony you wish your girlfriend was hot like
6 The pony you wish your girlfriend was hot like is 14Derp8y
inb4 RobotPinkemena returns
AWWW YEAH
Derpy is the hottest pony. Confirmed.
WHERE THE HELL DID ALL THESE VAMPIRES COME FROM?
lol Francis
DAN
DAN
Francis Drake?
DAN
Wait, is he a lacross player?
No.Francis from L4D.
10yeah he is edwardnewgate
10he got nailed when his brain started playing up
Cool
Hey RinBarDosh,can you please join #rainbrodash_reveals_all so GGgala_ can stop waiting?
10erm..
10nah
Ok
I lol'ed at the official soundtrack of that channel.It's the L4D Tank music.
@pony The pony most likely to sue #bronystate
6 The pony most likely to sue #bronystate is 15Tw6i4st
7lol
Helen?
10yo CB :D
Hey new op
hello
7heya CB
12Hey RBd, hey guys
ohai Cross
lolol
ohai Twilight
trolololo
God, what a troll
Houselestia
hmm, a 1 hour nap turned into a 6 hour nap :|
lol
dat SFX
sounds legit
SEEMS legit
10stream offline D:
EYE JABBING
ohgod
POKE
10nope stream is back
THAT MUST HURT AS SHIT
Love that argument
10xd
10xD*
10yay skull
What a charmer
"And here's the $100 I stole from the collection plate at church"
lol
Hi, Wrek
7So guys
7 3 ep or any other?
/me 10is easy
MOAR HOUSE
what is that one?
NOPE
dat criket
I've seen next one, but dunno who hasn't
don't mind watching again, really
dat House
mfw I'm so much better than him at lacross
I meant lacross.dat lacross.
10mfw the only people who play lacrosse in this country are female :P
Being good at lacrosse is like watching My Little Pony.
harsh
wat
10in what particular way? O>o
lolol
suddenly derpy
10O.o*
10GIGA PUDDI
inb4 sex
I dunno, but you said only people who played it in your country were female :P
I want that disease, whatever it is!
dat sex
DEAD
DERP
I like lacrosse, btw... not dissing it.
dat fail
dat steam
7dat steam kill
Wilson is my hero
also Dead Poets Society is one of my favorite movies...
this part is so awesome
i jsut walked into my room
with my dad sittign at my computer
...looking at your ponies?
watching my VLC pony playlist
7:D
MISSION COMPLETE
7was his reaction?
all he said was "...I can see why you like it, its quite good."
adn walked out
lolol, good job, Wrek
7best reaction ever
Wrek,Son,I am proud.
funny thing is i never told him i watched ponies anyway
i elave sketches everywhere for an example
7speaking about sketches
7hows my avatar upgrade going?
7:D
was paying some bills, in my boredom i drew scoot at the bottom
only been humming actually
10ow my ears D:
did give WWP a try once though
i butchered it
Oh, I guess it's just me, then!
7my bf is starting to become a brony
hug him from me
that aughta turn him over
7this morning he had the pony starwars theme on his desktop wallpaper
Nice job, Sitha, and how appropriate your name is then... turning your bf to the dark side
:D
7I know!
7Hi Mindy!
mfw the sound on the stream doesnt work (its a problem on my end...)
/me jumps up and quadruple brohoofs Sitha in the air
My gf likes MLP, but she's not obsessed yet...
7~yay brohoofs! ~
7give her time
Yeah, I don't like pushing it on anyone, so
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ge4aPZrjLc0
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Pinkie Pie - Give her time" -
dat metroid
dat Metroid
datmetroid
oh wow
dat was Metroid?
dat herdmind
10nice triple herdmind
FFFFFFFFFFFF my flash froze
10my stream derped
brb
7yea flash derped here too
7grrr
There we go...
I have realized something. listening to hoffmaestro - lullaby while drawing fluttershy, is extremly awesome
10xD
hey ;:V
(inb4 hoofmaestro)
7hey
name of the movie ?? :)
7House MD
htis aint no movie
It's House S1E3, I think...
7eeeeyup
ok ty ;:V
brb,gotta eat
Edward Newgate's Random Fly trivia: You'll actually catch more flies with vinegar than honey
10cya PEGACRON
7later Pegacorn
cya Pegacorn
You attract more flies with shit than with honey.
Just saying
heck, even vinegar is actually more attractive than honey >_<
GGgala_ yfw I already said that
It's just a really crappy saying in general.
EdwardNewgate: mfw i suck at skimming
I'm back
diagnostics get Chase all hot and bothered
10lol
@POMFmeter Chase
6 Chase is 60% POMF. (1689)
40% lupus
@lupusmeter House
6 House is 19% lupus. (1690)
I... don't think so.
Oh I forgot, I have to do THAT thing today.
@pony How to call a chicken
6 How to call a chicken is 15Tw6i4st
10lol
OHOHOHOHOOOOOO
Sathi OH U
there, sound is back!
yay
occams yay
How pissed would you be if you went through all that pain, just to find out it was because someone fucked up and gave you the wrong medication
very
id LOVE and TOLERATE the HAY out of them
downloading the FiM soundboard for android...
already have it! :;D
going to use it at appropriate moments
man, how the fuck do you get the wrong pills in the bottle?
10oh wow it's been released for android?
RinBarDosh: i know right?
yeah
10meeeeeeeeeeeep
and it's free, of course...
which helps a lot...
wow
>Pounding bassline
HAHA
Stupid internet dun derped.
dat RIAA joke
dat mpaa joke
10LOL
10win
herdmind... sortuv.
eeyup
lolol
ooh another remix war
Hooray.Remix.
wtf i registered it like 6 months ago.... :/
Troll getting trolled
Harry
brb
Your hat is bad.
lolol
Nice, Sathi, very nice :P
7thank you
NEED SOME HELP HERE!
10Spy sappin ma sentry!
lol
10ohai hipster
'sup Hipster_Brony
hai ponies
12Dat civilian coloring
10wb CB
RinBarDosh,a Tank is treatening to beat you up unless you reveal errything!
/me 10will tell nothing
induring mod elitism
interview 1:30 is cancelled
2:30 / 3:30 confirmed
damn, who was at 1:30?
Al capony
right
like I said on skype
You will reveal ERRYTHING RinBarDosh unless you want to get pummeled by a Tank!
did you close his thread on the forum?
/me 10will tell nothing
Is the Tank gonna hafta smash a bitch?
10By the way Hipster, PM
12I c wut u did thar Hipster
10>hunting wabbits
10WIN
yes
hai
nai
bai
schedule is updated aswell
Any particular reason he backed out after applying? I'm curious.
im guessing schedule
RinBarDosh y u no talk?
lai
he was the guy that had very little availablity
To whom it may concern, Thank you for eventually returning a reply in regards to my application, but unfortunately, I must decline this interview and the future offer of modship. I had to be realistic and sadly determined that with my academia on the rise and with an additional commitment to a kick-start project with twenty other partners, I cannot guarante
myself 100% with assisting BronyState. I apologize for wasting your time. Best wishes, Al Capony
@pony House's least favorite pony
6 House's least favorite pony is 5Chief Thund11erho15oves
wut
Makes sense, he doesn't like fakers.
also, i have class from 2:30-3:20 today, so i will miss the 2:30 interview and the first part of the 3:30 interview
8@pony Hipster_Brony's least favorite pony
6 Hipster_Brony's least favorite pony is 6Twilight Spa13rk6le
gtg,be back soon.
>implying Thunderhooves fakes something
I can understand and appreciate that on Capony's part.
10cya pegacorn
He fakes being a pony, in this case
yep me too
10@pony RBD's least favourite pony
6 RBD's least favourite pony is 14Silver S15poon
yep, totally understandable
and fuk u hipster twi is bestest pony
10Silver Spoon isn't how you spell Rarity
and it was nice of him to back out instead of telling us AFTER he got interviewed, which wold have sucked
>mfw someone likes Silver Spoon more than Rarity
@pony the pony with the most fabulous mooostache
6 the pony with the most fabulous mooostache is 15Princess 11Ce9le12st13ia
10Lol
awww yeah
yes exactly
mai waifu has a fabulous mooostache?
BY CELESTIA'S BEARD!
@pony FreezeFrame's favorite pony
6 FreezeFrame's favorite pony is 6Cheeri13lee
Not gonna argue that one, actually.
Nice, FreezeFrame
Cheerilee is awesome.
Especially 80s Cheerilee
sad episode
then again most house episodes are
Well, a lot of them are
8i know, robotpinkie, twilight is my 2nd favorite pony
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lhi2peqH3l1qh6nh1o1_400.png
8@pony Hipster_Brony's favorite pony besides Rainbow Dash
6 Hipster_Brony's favorite pony besides Rainbow Dash is 8Apple Bl4oom
8dammit
RobotPinkie: it's like dat macro read my mind
8Sprinkles has been messing with this bot, i know it :3
I'm totally going to style my Cheerilee like that
dari added "import telepathy" to the script didn't he?
Sprinkles loves Apple Bloom that much?
@pony New best pony
6 New best pony is 5Little Strong7heart
...not acceptable.
@pony New best PONY
6 New best PONY is 7Mr Br15eezy
misheard as "mercy in hospitals" curse you l4d
lolol Sathi
Hey guise
ohai WhatPayne
what's happenin?
House episode.
House S1E4, I think
I love House MD
me too man
7Bronies love House it seems
7We need a dr House pony now
Everyone loves House!
"Imma stream those Bronies some House. Bronies love House." --Sathi
7exactly
with Pony RiffTrax even!
I would not be surprised if Bronies had lots of in common
http://i57.photobucket.com/albums/g238/fairiedragon999/ponyhouse.png
>horse stubble
I see Dr. Stable has been taking Manliness lessons from Ace.
Ace has a beard, GGgala :P
lolol
ninja'd, RP
goddamn ninjas
ninja vs. robot: whoever dies, we win.
Whoever wins, we die.
WINCEPTION
7I cried first time I saw this episode
Me too...
7and again it gives me goosebumps
/me 10is back
wb
10also, which season of house is this?
you're just in time for the ;_;
10I dont remember
first
10ah cheers
10and bawwww :<
least convincing fake baby on tv, right there
ohai agin RinBarDosh
oh lawd House's corrupting influence
he's the best at what he does, and what he does isn't very nice.
so of course Cuddy can't resist him.
Well, saving kids from dying is pretty nice...
House is Chaotic Good, clearly...
I thought my second screen looked a little barren!
8gotta get ready for class guys, see y'all later
10cya hip
ohai Dashite
and obai Hipster_Brony
yeah me too
10dashite i jelly.
lawl, welcome back Dashite
bai bai hipster
cya Hipster
10I'm at my dad's house with only a laptop, no 2nd screen and 0.5 mb per sec internet
Computer got knocked out when they were fiddling with the fusebox earlier.
RinBarDosh: you mean uplink right?
0.5mbps makes my internet seem blazing fast!
10GGgala this is how seriously bad it is. http://www.speedtest.net/result/1445011297.png
Oh wow
RinBarDosh: RarityWHY.png
7my turn
GGgala: SpikeNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.avi
NO!
NO IT IS NOT!
*stretches neck waaaay back from screen*
10slower than 97% percent of GB
ouch, my condolences rinbardosh
...my deepest condolences, RinBarDosh.
10best ping server was 100 miles away
10the fuck
herdmind GGgala?
7http://www.speedtest.net/result/1445013929.png
Bad Sathi!
Bad!
Wrek: herdmind!
WOW
10sathi seriously
10y u do dis to me
Stop taunting us!
Sathi, you're going togive him bandwidth envy
10 4MS PING
Cause Sathi is evil.
10HOW IS THAT EVEN PoSSIBLE
EVIL I SAY!
7and its even wireless
Sathi is perfect mod.
hehe
Sathi: NO WAI
7yes way
10SATHI WIRELESS REALLY
10GET OUT
mine is quite decent i suppose, tohugh my up is lower than usual
http://www.speedtest.net/result/1445015832.png
10;______________________________;
you and your fancy 802.11n!
10mfw all your internet
10it makes me want to cry
http://www.speedtest.net/result/1445016605.png
mine is teh suck in upload speed....
I hate you all to varying degrees. http://www.speedtest.net/result/1445017560.png
10sathi's download speed is ~250 times faster than mine
Except RainBro
10:<
10well we have horses
10and old gen my little pony toys
10so screw you guys
7City of light Eindhoven is now number one in terms of technology with a strategic position as one of Western Europe’s leading technology centers and the base of the research and development facilities of Royal Philips Electronics
Haha
oh gawds
RinBarDosh's manhood can't take much more of speedtest.net you guys!
10^
>yfw I'm getting an internet upgrade soon
trolololo
10>upgrade
10>from 18 meg
10get out
it's mostly for upload
(ironically Sathi has the biggest e-peen of us all)
10^Lol
Yeah WAY bigger than all of us...
7nope we were just in the news a couple weeks ago
10I wanted to watch a youtube video today
7which?
Rescue from Midnight Castle?
10I queued the video while I had a shower, cooked a grilled cheese and bacon baguette, made some phone calls
10it was half buffered
RinBarDosh: ouch man
10;________;
i know how you feel dosh
i went whole of july without internet
onyl had it on my phone
adn where i was at the time only got EDGE connection
HI GUYS!
Woo! HOUSE!
basically non-existant
hi Rodman
'sup Rodman
dat heartbeat soundtrack
10my phone is 3G compatible, but my sim card isn't
THUMP THUMP THUMP THUMP
how is that possible?
RinBarDosh: can't you get a replacement sim card for free?
7free?!
7the sun comes up for free
7and goes down for free too
10GGgala I haven't got round to it yet
ah
10I've had it since January..
10it's been a long time of not getting round to it
10xD
lol
Aw, I like RinBarDosh....
10as do I
lol Sathi :P
"I HATE losing...."
Quite fitting
@POMFmeter Sister Augustine
6 Sister Augustine is 48% POMF. (1691)
10XD
trololo Chase
next interview in 20 mins
7 30% cooler
7WAT!
30% cooler? INACCURATE DOC
10>30% cooler
10LOL
>mfw Sathi totally missed a PonyTrax moment
@coolermeter Smokers
6 Smokers is 44% cooler. (1692)
lolol GGgala, how true
7I did?
30% cooler? it was begging for Rainbow
lol Sathi
XD
10heey octy
7heya Octavia
ohai Octavia
Heyyas
14Still getting the hang of this, that took a couple tries. :P
that nun be trippin'
10^
10nuns be trippin balls
ohey Octavia
nuns aren't even allowed near balls, RainBroDash
You guys interviewing new applicants right now?
7no-one heard 10 seconds flat? :o
10i did :P
in a couple minutes yes
10robotpinkie I lol'd
agh, missed it
14Hi RobotPinkie
ME too, it just was too late
14Whats the rooms name again? Sorry, I forgot.
trying to install stuff here, so I'm a bit distracted
#BronyStateInterviews
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eaN0wcr8CPE
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "GIVE ME THE CASSHH (Fifth element scene)" - "The hilarious mugging scene early on in the classic sci-fi film &#39;The Fifth Element&#39;"
Sacred Gold, neighas
14Danke.
represent.
bitte sehr
14I knew it was something along those lines. :P
Got it installed?
not yet
delicious Fifth Element!
/me brohoofs EdwardNewgate
too much crap running :P
Hey guys
Spike got his priorities
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hiuRVVR8VeQ&NR=1
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "DAT FLANK" - "made by MAST3RLINKX"
/me brohoofs back
>mfw I found a copy of Sacred and Sacred Underworld along with Sacred Gold
Online or old CDs?
old CDs for Sacred and Sacred Underworld... old DVD for Sacred Gold :P
DAT DVD!
Got a double license for the game, lol
OH SNAP!
House got stomped
Doc-blocked
7RaZor: PM
Razor is not responding on any PM's so far
will pause the stream to draw his attention in a bit
Sacred Skunk of Joseph!
7pausing stream in a bit
<3 Sacred Skunk of.... goddamn ninja...
SOMEONE MAKE A FANART OF THAT!
aw okay, Sathi.
New mod time, I guess?
7no your wrong
kk~
Sad to know Lisa Edelstein wont be in the show that much next season...
Awwwww
DEM BONGS!
wtf was that?
7that was a wake up call for somepony
i was already awake midn you
mind*
/me facedesks once again
no response
not even at my gongs :(
*looks at the ground in embarassment*
To be fair, I was almost 45 minutes late to mine.
I'll give him till 3 PM
After that we move on
Fair enough.
I'm thinking of trying to convert my sister and her son into bronies...
10do eeeeeeeeeeeeet
nephew already likes pink and purple things a lot
Lo all.
hey Sumica
He's gonna love Pinkie and Twilight then
Yeah, I'm gonna give him the molded Pinkie and Twi toys if I find the pony set :P
DO EET FILLY!
FILLY/COLT!
but I think they're very good candidates for conversion, yeah. All I'll have to do is suggest they watch it when it starts airing here, pretty much.
Top gear is evil, I just started watching it now it's on most times of the day and I am looking forward to session premier tonight.
Top Gear?
Top Gear is a lot of fun
14I was watching Top Gear a little last night. Good show.
Jeremy Clarkson is just... hilarious to watch
It's a car enthusiast show from the UK but they add alot of humor to things.
w00t, Sacred's installed and working
7Sacred....I played that game long time ago :)
I lost my Sacred Gold DVD a long time ago ................ :(
was't that a FPS game with a mideveal twist?
It's a Diablo 2-like game
ah, wonder what the hell I was recalling then.
10how many more eps are you expecting to be streaming sathi/
10?*
but with giant secret dragon bosses that can't fit on screen :P
10and lol dat applause
I loved the ability to make combo-moves in that game
7up to and including season 6
When I stumbled on my first secret dragon, that was one of the most epic moments of my entire gaming life
this one again?
It was the skeleton dragon near the dwarf fortress, btw :P
Oh man
This is great
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SiPIY9yHCsg&NR=1
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "The Most Interesting Pony in the World" - "Not quite as good as I anticipated. This follows along with my pony commercial spoofs and I will be continuing that theme in the future with a few of a serie..."
I'm really sick of packing. I think I'm just going to set everything on fire and buy new clothes on the way down.
10do it freezeframa
10freezeframa apparently
10it seems rainbrodash can't use vowels very well
Eww moving.
Sumica: The most annoying sort
Moving to a temporary place (dormitory for school)
14I know the pain of moving all too well.
I'm moving soon, too
my whole family is
Moving? That's a paddlin
Lat time I moved it was interstate and i dont want to go though that again. Moving truck with a auto breaking system and a fuel limiter. Truck would go past 55 if you pushed it off a cliff.
I'm in kissimmee, right now. I'm moving to orlando, Fl
That actually sounds awesome, Barry
We'll be in the middle of everything
14Orlando. Not the worst place in the world to move to at least. :P
How's the storm looking out that way Barry?
Huh?
Dont you have a huracaine coming soon™?
10I'm moving into my uni accommodation in a couple weeks, but it's not my preferred one, so I'm going on the swap list. Which means moving, unpacking, and a good chance that I'll have to move again
10>.>
I'm gonna be in the Finger Lakes
14MY old neck of the woods.
7Wrek PM
You're an ex-New Yorker?
14I'm from in the middle of Rochester and Syracuse.
14Ah, fun stuff.
I'm going to school at Keuka
Which, although it requires me to move to dorms, means I can stop seeing Syracuse all the damn time.
inb4 its the meds making her crazy
14I used to go to Syracuse every other weekend with my grandmother for the big fleamarket down next to the Greyhound station and mall.
14Really, I'm from Phelps. Which you probably dont know of. lol
10lol :D
10hear that sathi? :P
hey RainBroDash
7yes
7it's ME!!!
It's going to go through orlando
10oh dear
10sup ReticentSmolder
7yes
14lol
that's cool
say RBD...we don't see you in Sshipper anymore, why's that?
It was bound to happen
10ah ret, I'm in and out, out and in
mostly out ..>
10I'm at my dad's atm, kinda unpredictable
sink or swim, swim or sink
10exactly ret
7no worries RBD
FFFF- of course Sacred isn't gonna work properly....
curse cut short, real short
well, I just wanted to tell you that SilverMane's and MirthTinker's epic rp slice of life lovestory 63 shipping extravaganza has hit about 40 pages worth of material
10O_O
10it carried on?
its MASSIVE
we add to it almost every day
Wow
10XD
Last time, on the (sixty)three day weekend (working title)
I HAVE RETURNED
ohai Pegacorn
Mirth reveals her past a bit, Silver reveals he volunteers at the hospital, and he has nagging doubts as to whether or not he knocked up Tink
Sup Pegacorn
drama, laffs, rome ants
OHGOD RETICENT.
It's a regular tale for the ages
10lolol
CALL THE VATICAN!
I'm listening to an extended version of Tension Rising from KH2
she's going for distance
alright next round in 30 mins
She's going for speed
7In an hour from now on EP13
Ohai Apokalipse.
I'm doing that flash event, putting myself into OC infamy
?
Waddaya mean Reticent?
Hi Pegacorn
Okie dokie lokie!
I hate it if this happends..
the new EQD post cereal is doing, you have 1 hour to make an OC pony randomed on the generator and a 200 word bio
You won't make it the most mary-sue OC ever
I tried one click on random on the generator, and........ no.
Not gonna make that hideous creature into an OC
lol...you should see how crazy my random came out
hehe, check it: http://i.imgur.com/dPTba.png
7image does not exist
Confirmed for Season 2!
ummm, I can fix that
Sathi, how are you changing your name?
./nick
http://i.imgur.com/glD6c.png
there, should work
its...insane
14Its... interesting. ;)
7indeed it is ;)
I'm naming him Rutabaga Shores
no...not shores
but the Rutabaga for sure
10XD
14Oh jeez, mine looks dumb and weird.
post it filly!
14I... wanna hit random again... XD
Oh my that is.... Intersting ReticentSmolder
14Darnit, my third was awesome looking though.
OMG
7it worked!
12So it did. I feel accomplished.
What worked?
I have nothing to do.
Breaking the law, breaking the law
stream's kinda being weird for me, am I the only one?
I know!I'll make RainBroDash give GGgala the anwsers he needs!
There's a SoarinCaramel fic on EqD.
/me reads
No one else having stream problems?
7what kind of problems?
Stream's weird to me as well
like it stutters and freezes
kicks me off completely sometimes
7taking a peek
Same here
7restarting
refreshing doesnt help?
Tried refreshing several times
It doesn't help at all
It does, but then it goes back to freezing.
It worked beautifully earlier
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALufiFp2Zvk&feature=related
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Fluttershy - (grin)" -
well, music is working perfectly :P
7tell me who is singing this?
14lol
my random pony
It's Hugh Grant, Sathi
14Oh, kinda like that Edward.
:P
That random OC looks like he had fun at the pond
7and it's pretty darn good
MIGHT be another Hugh
Oh yeah, Hugh Laurie is awesome
7it's Hugh Laurie aka House MD
I'm betting that's him playing piano
7it's him singing
Also
Well that I know :P
DEM CRAZY WINGS!
Ohai Edward
but he's awesome on the piano, too
ohai Pega
He's also an amateur juggler, like me
Did anything happen when i was gone?
/me 7is gonna have a hard time to find the point where we were a moment ago
lolol wasn't it right before the woman from [redacted] comes in?
these splotchy ponies look awful
Oh man, one of those poses in that game is just aweful
How's it going MirthTinker?
..mine looked like he had the picture of a nebula as skin
and insect eyes
The Soarin/Caramel one is good.
Bio: Rutabaga Slip is a farmer pony who makes a living growing, you guessed it, Rutabagas. He's a little odd, often making carvings of other ponies out of his namesake vegetable using his magic. Though a bit zany, he gets along just fine with anypony in ponyville.
cont.: Nopony really knows where he came from, or who his parents were so how he got such a unique coat remains a mystery. Someponies speculate he had a zebra father and a pony mother, others say it was some kind of unfortunate accident in Everfree forest. Regardless, Rutabaga works and plays just like everypony else and if you mention his coat or mane he won
cont.cont.: Quick to forgive and forget, he often forgets too much and this gives him a lot of trouble with small things like remembering pony’s names or where he put his housekeys. His cutie mark is a peeled rutabaga curled into a smile.
just sent it to Cereal, hope it gets mentioned :D
7it keeps derping right?
oh hai Pegacorn, didn't see you in all the spam
yeah, Sathi
or for me it does
7HMMZ
14Huh, odd. Its working fine for me.
7brb kicking my boyfriend
7:P
14lmao
might just be me now, I dunno
Did anything happen to you recently MirthTinker?
My eyes are bleeding from the random I got
what do you mean Pegacorn?
Oh man, I randomized again, and this one is even worse
Ya all ready?
You broke the rules, Edward!
Well MirthTinker,ReticentSmolder said something earlier that i didn't quite get.
I'm not doing the contest
just messing around
lol I don't really care if you break them, anyway
go to the page and put in this code
1N1T0A3540E679E80976070314143D792PN1837000210000T080DCE9B7DA720F111835FE151EE1
You can get some very funny results
what was that Pegacorn?
where do you input the pony code?
This:ReticentSmolder>: Mirth reveals her past a bit, Silver reveals he volunteers at the hospital, and he has nagging doubts as to whether or not he knocked up Tink
I dun geddit.
oh, under Advanced
yeah
that was a synopsis of the major plot points from the last 2 nights
OHGOD
I spose so. :P
0V452J100412674A31377D11551CBD66BTN1837000330400R1A2542FE1FB9B2J006C342D0E35BA
?
/me is running around.
That's mine... Enjoy...
What's wrong Pegacorn?
Pinkie mfw
why?
I'm good.
lolol you like it that much? :P
Are you kidding, I love it
Alright
INFECTED ERRYWHERE!MONSTRUOUS MUTATIONS RUNNING RAMPANT!NO SAFE SPOTS IN SIGHT!
Pegacorn, tell me what's wrong?
Sorry it took me a while, I had some stuff to do
Midget insect pony is awesome, I guess
Err..
what did i miss guys?
I'M GOING NUTS!
your interview was scheduled at 2:30 I believe?
14Looks like Razor is back. lol
Yeah
WE'RE ALL GONNA DIE!
HEEEEEEEEEEELP!
Not much. Both previous apps didn't show.
What happend?
Razor showed up now
lolol
trying to find out what happend
I love his bad British accent
Have you seen a post about The Friendship Brigade on EqD?
...
it blows my mind how he does that so well
It's basically a gaming community site and forum for bronies
/me facehoofs
I'm an admin there, so I had some stuff to take care of first
*cough*
/me follows in the facehooving
Also, timezones confuse me
14Indeed.
I'm sorry but we will have to reschedule your interview then
14Timezones confuse him.
Have some pony, Pegacorn http://30.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lnplpeNPS51qkm3xxo1_500.png
SMOKER!
14Sounds like an excuse to me.
/me shoots Wrek in a panic
I tried checking with a Timezone converter, but it said that the interview wouldn't be until in another hour
a bad one to me
hehe
Must've picked the wrong timezone
Why are we rescheduling? Isn't he the last one of today?
nope
wasnt there a 3:30 interview already?
exactly
DIE SMOKER DIE!
/me dodges
/me continues shooting Wrek
I wub this episode
My bad then. Nvm me, I'll just be a moron over here in the corner.
I fear so, are you able to be online tomorrow at 1:30 PM eastern?
14lol You're fine CB.
What's that in GMT?
Because I don't want to make the same mistake
What a shitty day this is...
Jack Layton passed away. :(
>cries
Yeah.I heard it too.
14:P
14Here, have a pony!
Jack Layton was a really good person.
/me 14gives CB a pony, yayy~
14:P
Have you read his letter yet?
/me accepts the pony.
Nope.
so now i'm going to make timeconversions? :p
http://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/story/2011/08/22/pol-layton-last-letter.html
god
14So much fun!
14I luv me sum time cnoversions.
This does not bode well for him of he's too lazy to check for himself. Is this important to him or not?
eastern is GMT -5
exactly my thoughts
14Eh, it doesn't show up well for him, thats for sure.
17:30 my time, I'm availible
No wait... 18:30
14He may just be genuinely ignorant to these types of things. Timezones used to confuse me too a bit.
its not exactly a dealbreaker, but something to consider
Where do you live?
is he going to show up to events on time?
Sweden, GMT +1
notsurehowtofeelsicneidontknowwhoitis.jpg
14Well, thats the big question obviously.
Goddamnit, it's so hard to find an easy to use timezone converter
Well it's 3:40 PM eastern now
Canadian politician, Wrek.
Leader of the Official Opposition in Canada.
notsurehowtofeelsincewrekspelledsincewrong.jpg
so that would mean according to my clock 19:30 your time
19:30... alright
14He's also not from the States, so I can see it being maybe a little harder for him with the time.
Please be on time this time
I'm usually not late, it's just that I got a bit confused by the converter
i'm europe maneland
soooo
14I know.
14I'm just saying.
But yeah, I'll make it on time
14Its more than an hour or two difference.
i hate tpos
Alright see you tomorrow then
notsurehowtofeelsincehe'snowputtingonsomeponies.jpg
Yep
14Which would be easier to be thrown off by.
typos*
14If you're not good with things like timezones.
whoa, !!Applejack is back on ponychan
Awesome, there are now videos of Scootaloo, Cheerilee, Sweetie Belle, and Pinkie Pie for their 3.5 incarnations.
WTF TONY RANDALL IN MY PONIES?
Are we repeating the episodes from yesterday?
14Should I know who that is? I haven't been on Ponychan much in a while.
/me 's head explodes
Hello.
Hello Wrek welcome
Thank you, Its good to be here ^^
First of all excuses for the delay.
Everypony,i've just created a Steam group dedicated to Jack Layton.Join it if you want.
Wrek, I'm just going to ask you a series of questions for the first part of the interview and I want you to answer them to the best of your ability.
Do you have any questions before we start?
Ok.
OHSHI-
WHAT WAS THAT?
No i'm good
your face exploding
7How did you hear about us?
Through a fellow friend of mine named Sathi.
7Oh I know her!
Oh you do? marvelous!
7How many movienights have you attended so far?
Moochick is now best chick.
I think its around 7 or 8 by now, memory is a tad fuzzy.
7What do you like most about our movienights?
man, random makes some UGLY ass ponies
Yes I know this guy ;)
True dat
14We kinda figured that out, yes. :P
Foremost the feeling of watching a movie with bronies. I like the whole concept overall with randomly choosing a few movies and episodes on a weekly basis. (and the chat is hilarious most of the time.)
Stream really not working well for me... oh well
Time for some sea ponies
7I see, is there anything you dislike?
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
10I'm not watching the stream atm, EGIdrA is streaming (starcraft 2 player) <3
Is IdrA raging yet?
Only thing I can think of at this time would be the add right above the chat. Other than that I think I safley can say that I enjoy every nanomillimeter of it.
7Do you have any experience with moderating?
Wow, never thought I'd enjoy G1 ponies so much...
10haha nah he lolololoololofjangafowned Deezer earlier, who is just as famous for rage
10deezer got so mad
10soso mad
Sorry about the delay
got disturbed
I have previous experience with moderating
7Can you specify that?
Several web forums and a few IRC chatrooms
7What is your availability for moderating?
This is hilariously ridiculous... rofl
my times would be for weekdays durign the evening between 10pm to perhaps 2 or 3am. as for weekends I would have more or less full availabillity unless something comes up.
7I see
7What can you do that would set you apart from other applicants?
7In other words what would you contribute to the team if we would hire you?
7As in ideas, thoughts, plans; try to think outside of the box. But don't forget to showcase your abilities
dat division rank on the SC2 stream
10it's all ZvZ ;___;
LASER
10he roflpwnd some 'toss players earlier
10that was amusing
I would contribute with my thoughts, oppinions and ideas during internal dicussions regarding say, to change how something will work. I would contribute with my skillset as an graphical artist. Aswell as contributing with common sense and fairness, and hopefully a tad of humour.
What is the stream Rainbro?
10http://www.twitch.tv/eg_idra
<3
7Any other ideas?
14Hah
i like this guy so far
you should see his work
14He seems capable.
14Oh Sathi?
i'll show you in a bit
/me is intrigued
http://notharam.files.wordpress.com/2011/07/wpid-1311252959133.jpg?w=640
...wow
thats really good
14Not bad.
when it comes to ideas, perhaps things to stream, building youtube playlists for instance. And putting my artistical skill to use, lets say Bronystate would like a new banner, I would volunteer to make it.
He draws ponies. Hire this man.
14Braeburn.<3
7Can you link us some recent work?
Indeed I can, one moment please.
14He mentioned a banner.
14I was thinking the same thing.
y u haet me, stream?
Y u hate me as well stream?
@hip did you see the thing I linked on modchat? the bronystate rendering?
we are going to need banners for the rooms once we get the site set up
he made that
having a graphic designer would be a HUGE plus
i saw the pic you just posted, but nothing before that
7please do so
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Pbwb6btGiI
There's only so much of G1 ponies I can take before I need more House... srsly...
aww removed
was private url
14Yeah. :/
14Also, I just noticed.
14He did that TF2 crossover pic I liked. Very nice.
yep
and http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HrUW9TaAd_w
14Very snazzy.
/me surprise glomps RainBroDash. "HEY WAIFU!"
http://notharam.files.wordpress.com/2011/07/wpid-1311368503863.jpg?w=640 http://notharam.files.wordpress.com/2011/07/wpid-dsc00121.jpg?w=640 http://notharam.files.wordpress.com/2011/07/wpid-1311346681048.jpg?w=640
are a few from there
OHSHI-
14Dr. Whoof and Soarin. <3
7Alright I think we've seen enough for now plus we have both links should any other team-members be interested
SUDDENLY SILVERMANE
ok
7What specific ideas do you have to improve Brony Movie Night and help increase viewership?
The hell is "glomp"?
hey everypony
Ohey Silvermane
a 'glomp' is a full-body tackle hug
TACKLE?
v, to glomp NOT sexual, it is the action of one person lovingly (and dramatically) attacking another with a h
from urban dictionary
/me karma charges Silvermane`
Not that kind of tackle, Pegacorn, lol
pretty much, EN
*Silvermane
/me flies above Pegacorn
Oh, too late
TOO LATE
also, OMFG I FOUND A 'OF MARES AND MAGIC' IMAGE
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJEEy2IKOI8&feature=player_embedded
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/--EOMfS6fEbQ/TlG5P2BL_2I/AAAAAAAAACs/M17NPkJXsBE/s1600/trixie_the+magnificent.jpg
KARMAAAAAAAAAAA
karma can suck it
well, if i didn't have like 3 waifus already, that is
WEEIIGHH ANCHAAA
an example Pegacorn
princest is wincest? http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-XzVkbeaDACw/TlG5GqXEyAI/AAAAAAAAABk/2XYOdGG7iF0/s1600/48075+-+artist+fiarel+celestia+luna+morning_ponies+pajamas+shipping+sisters.png
YAR AR FIDDLEDEEDEE
exactly EdwardNewgate!
Everything is better with Kigo
i think Princesst is Wincest is the new thing to say
GET A CHARGER IN HERE.WE NEED KARMA CHARGES!
i think this image is highly suggestive http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-pJeSgfxO0PQ/TlG5F_dPmRI/AAAAAAAAABc/t2PWvCyXjag/s1600/48050+-+artist+fiarel+blank_flank+cola+twilight_sparkle.png
A few of my small ideas would be to see if there's an interest in touching up the page itself, perhaps unique streaming events (like the upcoming LOTR weekend) telling my brony friends that "hey, there's this site that are streaming these movies tonight, care to tune in and watch it with me?". Since increasing viewership is quite an unpredictable thing,
Epic Coca-Cola maneuver
...
Only if there is a "secret ingredient" in that brony cola
Yes, it is...
I would probably jsut ask the viewers themselves, what do you want?
it's EXTREMELY suggestive, but I love the artists talent
How is it suggestive?
7Any ideas about our site in it's currents form?
Pegacorn, if you don't know, I'm not one to tell you
frankly, i'm not mean enough to break such innocence
You know what's suggestive?Ivy getting less and less clothing in the newer Soul Calibur games.
That's not suggestive at all.
he tried to draw one of my cats
but eventually gave up
http://notharam.files.wordpress.com/2011/07/wpid-dsc00120.jpg?w=640
too much furr
pegacorn, i think that's classified as fan-service
Silvermane the real question is, did the artist intentionally make it suggestive?
ASS EXPOSED.BOOBS EXPOSED.IS THAT SUGGESTIVE ENOUGH FOR YA?
GODDAMNIT NAMCO STOP KILLING MY CHILDHOOD.
The layout itself is quite neat actually, I would say it needs a touch of paint giving the viewers an even more enjoyable experience with the site.
no, it's just exposure. Suggestive material implies sex and sexual behaior
oh
RobotPinkie. WAT
OHSHI-
lolol
@WATmeter RobotPinkie
6 RobotPinkie is 7% WAT. (1693)
that looks really good imo
but i also know nothing about art
lol Pizzapony is still logged in?
PizzaPony is in here?
technically
the chat on my ps3 let me log in, but it never popped up
7You mentioned you have IRC experience can you be more specific to us?
14I think it looks good too. And I'm an artist as well. Plus, kitty. :>
I love my cat's!
14I love cats. But I'm allergic too. :'(
aww
i have 2 cats
pics sometime Hip?
but at home, not my apartment
i dont have a digital camera, or any pics of them on my comp
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-G99j0G-fqs8/TlG5Hk4hliI/AAAAAAAAABs/q9-hCeNB9os/s1600/48142+-+artist+takokyoc+spitfire+wonderbolts.jpg
Oh
OHSHI-
My favorite of the drawfriend, if only becuase Spitfire is best pony
Hot!
one is old and has diabetes, the other is fat as hell
I killed Spitfire BTW.With a forklift.Huzzah.
and no, we all had a talk, and we agreed that Zecora is the best pony
I have some base command knowledge, and i was placed as a temporary mod to cover for another guy a year back or so. so when it comes to the actual moderation im a bit rusty though a quick learner, and ive been a user of IRC for a few years now.
NO YOU DIDN'T SPITFIRE IS INVINCIBLE
/me has Spitfire's corpse on his shoulder.
14Fat kitty. <3 Fat cats always make me smile.
@pony best pony
*Ahem*Gentlemen?
6 best pony is 5Snai10ls
...
pegacorn NO U
BLAME WITH A SPARK.
7Alright, I think that concludes the first part of the interview, we're gonna move on to the second part of the interview now.
Okey dokey loki
7I'm going to show you some images and I want you to tell me how you would respond as a mod if they were posted in the chat.
wtf EQD spam
14Though at the same time I feel kinda sad for them.
I need to read the RR of the RRR
still
ok
Nice alliteration on that last one
I'll post some cat pics in a bit
7 1 st image: http://ponibooru.413chan.net/_images/b0888f66a008c11f490c79ec5656059f/26664%20-%20artist%3Aopalwhisker%20Cupcakes%20dexterous_hooves%20dress%20fanfic%20pinkie_pie.png
ANYTHING SMART TO SAY NOW EDWARD?
WE WERE SUPPOSED TO BE ON THE SAME TEAM
Huh?
THE THREE GENIUSES, REMEMBER?
Orite
>yfw my cat weighs 19 pounds
But i killed a WAY before that happened.
*i killed her
I CANT BRAIN TODAY
The image itself is ok by my standards. though the message given is up for discussion. I would keep an eye on the poster.
14Eep
why would you do that?
14Eh, I've seen heavier. lol
OH MY FUCK IT'S SEA PONIES
I told you Edward!
What the...
my mom's college roommate had a cat called "fat kitty"
it was 25 pounds iirc
(also, you have no idea how happy I was when I found a good second person X Spitfire clopfic)
SHOOBEDOO SHOO SHOOBEDOOO
EdwardNewgate, which one?
Dashite, give me a sec
mfw 2nd person clopfic. last one i read was a Dash fic
Edward,WHAT IS THIS I DONT EVEN.
Spreading Your Wings and Hers
14Daaayum.
14Thats one fat feline.
Silvermane, which one is that?
yeah
Spreading Your Wings and Hers, is a 2nd person starring you and Rainbow Dash
Yeah, there's a few of those
OHSHI-
it's cloppy
so, what happened to house?
Yeah, there's a lot of those too
That's the really cloppy one right?
The intent of the image is clear. but not "showing" anything makes it hard to deem. I would probably remove the image and warn the poster if it was a first offence, but im leaning more towards a ban for this one.
7Third image:
it's quite intense, although it uses metaphors and thought processes rather than technical terms and descriptions
....
7http://ponibooru.413chan.net/_images/39928ecc6ab5e77d15f055a6d2fdf935/26744%20-%20celestia%20Dear_Princess_Celestia%20kissing%20letter%20luna%20Nightmare_Moon%20shock%20wtf.png
7House will be coming
Yeah, that's the one I was thinking of.
7finishing up some things
7give me a moment
Vol 4
okie dokie
also, Dashite. It's fire in the evening sky
FIRE
FIRE
hmm... i think i should read through some of the comps
only read 2 or 3 stories from them so ar
Most of them are amazing
even if they are in 2nd person, which I dislike a little bit
yeah, so i've heard. i don't go in for clopfic usually, since, you know, I can't use it for anything. shipping that results in sex is one thing, but shipping for the sake of sex just isn't my style.
14Images are so hard. Because the line can be blurry sometimes with whats tame enough and whats not. I still need to study that line a bit better by the standards here.
yfw I'm responsible for all the rape and sex-shipping on this sie
site*
Are you guys watching the stream?
YOU BASTARD
14Listening to it.
:P
14lol
YOU'RE THE ONE WHO CAUSED ALL THIS TO ME!
Most of them are honestly about romance, not sex
which is why I like them
true, that scaling system was interesting
I wouldnt call a ban on this one. Its shipping yes, but I dont think its enough to cause a ban. its leaning towards keeping an eye on the poster. If said poster escalates the bannign of said poster will be an easier decision.
cat there
they only put like one 'Woah!' story in each, right?
Nah, you brought that on yourself Pegacorn.
7Fourth and final image:
Yeah, one or two
LIES DASHITE
7http://www.ponychan.net/chan/collab/src/130115591169.jpg
Even those aren't overly explicit though
Whatever helps you sleep at night Pegacorn. :p
ban
there is either a fox or a cat on my screen
14Aww, kitty.
I think about Karma charging internet trolls.It helps me sleep.
ohai mib
14Happily perched on his post. :P
Hip how you feel about him?
i like him
KITTEH
you said you know him, right?
7That was the last part of the interview
Ans if elaborated, it violates the posting rules, so depending on the system you use, then ban
7Do you have anything to add?
yep I do
what are your feelings on his personality?
D'AWWWWWWWW
KITTEHS ARE CUTE
I would just like to thank you all for taking your time with me, whatever happends i will still show up at the LOTR event. Keep up the great work you do, and good luck in the future.
Kittehs are almost as cute as ponehs
7Wait a moment please
He's open minded, creative and easy going, nows when to joke and when to be serious
True dat,but only G4 ponehs
I think personally he would be a great addition with his abilities
Will do
Well, definitely not G3.5, that's for sure...
7We are discussing your interview
Other G's are creepy as hell.
Hideous hellbeasts
i would say a definite yes in that case
I will be back in a few seconds, urgent bathroom visit
I got to give him my vote. His abilities will be quite useful, he hit the questions correctly, good attitude.
want to do it straight away or want to let the other mods vote first?
inb4 Rainbow Dash always dresses in style
he nailed the pics for the most part, he can do graphic design, and he has a personal recommendation from you, thats enough for me to say yes
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO
uh, how many were here when we hired the others?
/me always dresses in Rainbow Dash
wait, what does that even mean?
Ghosties was here Sprinks and Dari
I don't know, probably something dirty :P
lol
/me always dresses to impress Spitfire
Ghosties just logged on
@pony Best pony
6 Best pony is 2Princess L10una
^
so did silverscreen
Edward LOVES Spitfire.
7Take your time
^
BTW,i didn't really kill her.I killed her decoy.
Ok back, thank you for waiting
OOOOoooooooOOO
FFFFFFFFF
/me 's head explodes
oh, well I knew that the whole time. so, yeah
xD
7Are you okay with waiting in the maneroom?
also: wrong tab
7We will get back to you as fast as we can
10xD*
Ok
/me goes away
wha
gonna post the transcript for ghosties on the forum, brb
I just did
:)
dem kittehs
Not a lot of video, but oh man, getting so POMF for season 2 rite now
/me shakes his fist at Sathi
DAMN YOU!
:3
:D
7Video is coming :)
7enjoy the music for the moment
7it's House singing
Yeah I mean the HUB ad, I love hearing Hugh sing :P
JIMMEH GIIIIIIIBS
muted the HUB ad, so...
mai waifu Celestia lookin' like a BAMF right thar
BAMF?
Dane Cook
Bad-Ass Mother-Fucker
...wat?
OF COURSE
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31IX4JFwtu0
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Dane Cooks&#39; BAMF" - "Dane Cook is a silly bitch."
is this still Hugh, really?
7yes
wow, he's got a really good blues voice
7I totally agree
/me 7is a fan
Old Folks at Home interpretation?
where can I find this?
7Swanee River
7it's a album
7the name of the album is Let them Talk
oh the album's called Swanee River?
oh, lol
Man, sethisto is buy
busy
buying this album...
JIMMEH GIIIIBS
gtg
bai Pegacorn
Hi
hey Barry
7hello
How are you guys?
RAINBOW DASH LABELED A WEAPON OF MASS DESTRUCTION
I am fairly pony, how about you?
...wat? :P
Rainbow Dash is a weapon of mass awesome.
4Please, please, hold your adoration
4It's just little old me :)
7heya Ghosties
7:p
Hi Ghosties
Hey Ghosties
and I'm fairly good, Pinkie
10ghosties, get out :P
4RBD, the big people are talking right now.
4So, hush
ohai everybrony
10but ghostiesssss I wanna jooin iinnnnnnnnn :<
7heya Dermathil
/me pokes GGgala_
hey Dermathil
/me waves at RobotPinkie and Sathi
7resuming House MD now
lol yeah girls love when you do that
I'm now working on the new Chapter 2 of my LoZ/MLP story
and yay stream's working now!
ohai Junie
Junie? Who's Junie?
>mfw I recognise the youngest actor in the four
Kid from Spy Kids
DAT WHERE I RECOGNISE HIM
O! That Junie!
14Ahh, thats why he looks so familiar.
mfw it's all in his head
lawl
14Thats what I'm thinking too. Not seen this.
he says he's dieing yet he doesn't know how it feels.
yfw it's lupus
14Haha
i've seen it. you are both correct and incorrect. mostly one
lol good one, Silvermane
14Well, you can make yourself very ill if you think you are.
Hi, Silvermane
>mfw unicorns
Hi Octavia
14Hey Barry
Why do I spend so much of my time reading fanfics reading the various redemption ones?
mfw house gets turned on by a rash
Seriously, 90% of the ones I read have to do with redemption (either Trixie, Gilda, someone screwing up and needing it, and Past Sins)
SHAZAA!
I'M HERE
mfw Past Sins
14SHAZAA
FreezeFrame, the same reason i spend most of my fanfic time reading sad, death, shipping, and WTF AM I READING fanfics
4Whoops
Welcome back and thank you for your patience
4Forgot about mah colors
7me too..
right back at you sathi
and the same reason i read fantasy, giant world fics, and Romance fice
Heya
Hey
3AND GREEN
hey Denied_Existence
I wish
7We've discussed your interview and...
3Hey Dermathil & Dashite
GREEN?!
3YES, GREEN
3I am camoflaged
3You cannot see me
7We would like to hire you
>mfw purple iz da sneekiest
Im overwhelmed!
3Pfffft...purple.
>yfw black is sneakiest
That guy who isn't saying anything sure has a long name that changes all the time
That dark blue is much harder to read. :p
4You better be
3Oh look, my fellow mod-in-training is here too!
3Hey Octavia
I have no reason not do be so...
14Hey DE
14Ghosties :P
7So now comes the hard part you need to pick a colour
anyones not taken?
14I kinda dont like my color. But since most all are taken... :P
House is horribly antisocial.
3RobotPinkie Which guy?
lying little chemical teeth
You, Denied_Existence :P
10I think this was rainbrodash's right?
You're just so well camouflaged I can't see you.
7yes that's correct
3My name does not change all the time!
3though cant say ive seen this one
3or?
3MUAHAHAHAHA
14Think we have acouple left.
Your text melts together with your name!
14DE has that one.
4Someone already has the green
4Sooo....a blue
3Lol
4Or a lighter purple
13this one's a bit screamy
3Unfortunataly Octavia, I think all the mods are AFK at the moment...
12iso ill think ill go with the blue that isnt taken
I'm gonna have to add more names to my highlights.
4Flutterpeanut has pink
15(or ill stay white)
7I believe that one belongs to Cross?
ASBESTOS
4Oh yeah, he has blue
7you cant stay white
3Is
3Is dari streaming?
nope
Sathi
13ah well
Sathi is
14Yeah
13It aughta do
Sathi streams House.
Dari streams Dr Who
DCD streams giant robots
3test
What about Sprinkles?
8you could do forest green
3Welp, then I guess I must wait until somebody else comes on...
Random pony
4Nah
4DE has that
5ill take the first best available one
4That's fine
4I just hope I'll be able to tell you apart from Sprinkles
2Technically
2This one is also available
2But it's WAY too dark
5but i cant read that one :O
4Exactly
"Oh my gosh, You're," "That's right, say it." "YOU'RE! You're SilverMare! BWAHAHAHAHAHA!"
4Also
god dammit MirthTinker...
4I feel implied to call you Wrex
5belive me when i say, you are definetly not the first
4I'm sure I'm not
Dat cut will cause even moar damage
also, the doctor's fall
What?
14Someone else said the same earlier. :P
The kid thinks he's cursed
4And then, I feel like you should acknowledge me as Shepherd when we first begin a conversation
5ok, sheppard
hehe :P you're reading it all?
4Haha, yes
5I should go
5:P
4Wrex
5Shepperd
i'm just now remembering that you put makeup on me
5so
5ghosties, ive been dying all week to link you following
5http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HrUW9TaAd_w
Ooooh, the rouge fits you well.
5i dunno why
4Ohhhhhhh
4So you're that guy
4That Sathi was talking about
/me 7nods
trololol chase
8fucking sweet
10oh dear silvermane
10XD
i like the part where i fell asleep and MirthTinker hugged me, after calling me cute for sleeping watching the story get written
5the thought i had behind iw was one of those pre-movie starts thingy
Haha, what a story, Mark!
OMG, not carpal tunnel!
Hi Denied_Existence
4That's absolutely amazing
Face it, kid's got every disease known to man
You a graphic artist?
5yeah
My grandmother on my dad's side has every allergy known to man
3I keep forgetting my greenery
3Nice.
or at least it seems that way
So...Sathi, how do I start my training?
3Thats....interesting Barry.
8got an opinion on it from a friend who is an artist, he said it looks excellent
We will look into that in a bit DE
3Danke Shone
14What about the other artist here, hmmmmm?
we could train DE and wrek at the same time
saves time
4I particularly have one tiny problem with it
14I could use some training as well...
5good, tell me what and ill see if i can fix it
4The spinning reel? Anyway you can add sound to that?
4It's bugging me how silent it is
14People forget about me alot. :(
that makes all three
nah we took them in yesterday remember?
Suddenly, DADDY ISSUES IN A HOSPITAL
14Not really.
14Yeah.
wat
it'll be like a classroom :3
3Wrek, if your having problems getting sound effects, then you COULD make your own...
5i was thinkign along the lines of this one http://www.freesound.org/samplesViewSingle.php?id=118196
14Also, I guess I should have included I also do art once in a blue moon too in my interview. But I'm still working on ponies.
5with me beeing horrible at audio, it seems inefficient Denied, but sure i coudl try
7Wrek is your name registered on our chat yet?
5I do not know
3I had an feeling that you were an artist...I dont know why...
3I guess some kinda internet vibe?
14I haven't uploaded anything in a long time though. And nothing pony yet.
14Perhaps. lol
14I'm a perfectionist. I wont showcase my work until its of just a certain quality.
3And replace "password" with a password, and "email" with your email
Fuuu
love to see some work sometime
7exactly
14I've been too busy lately to really work on it. But I want to get back to it soonish.
14I was actually better when I was around 12 I think. lol
14I used to do nothing but draw back then.
3I envy you...I cant draw worth anything...:(
Dat makeup
5i think it worked
i know that feel DE
14I was one of the best in the district. And aww. You might just need practice. Heaven knows I do now.
no amount of practice will help me
3I can barely draw a stick figure. My dogs all looked like sheep
7RBD?
10ya?
3And mutated sheep at that.
7can you come to modchat?
10on skype or irc?
7irc
3HOWEVER, I CAN RIGHT LIKE A MUTHAFUCKA
yo
3WRITE*
>right
lol'd
3AND THAT CHILDREN IS WHY THERE IS SPELLCHECK
14Soon we're going to have more mods than viewers on the off days. Lmao.
RBD can you add a mod to the exclusion list?
Dari or sprinkles is not around
10I know -how- to, but I can't, no
10>.>
hmmm
HAHA, oh lawd
Double entry bookeeping. Oh yeah.
4I think that sound you provided would be excellent
meet the new mod in the interviewchannel :)
10it's cause we don't have op on the mod chat
Dat stubbornness
10and orly
4Maybe you can lower it's volume a little amongst the ambient BGM
I can hardly restrain myself in all my accounting classes.
7Alright we need to wait for one of the channel admins to add you to the moderator exclusion list
7So that you can enter our moderator chat
10Wrek? cool
get the Eureka moment already damnit
5ok
Never!
<Denied_Existence>: HOWEVER, I CAN RIGHT LIKE A MUTHAFUCKA
3I KNOW I FAILED
i am saving that forever
10XD
14lol
7We can't give him half op now?
3I AM A BETTER WRITER THAN TYPER
3Although my handwriting itself is crap
3Also, I got like an hour, so starting training soon would be preferable.
10we can give him half ops
10but we can't put him in the mod chat yet
NOPE, MISSY
7can you give him half op then?
He got the diseases and gave them to his son
7I'll poke Dari in skype
10ok, is it definitely decided? i missed his interview :P
7yes
7it is
14Yeah, he came through with flying colors.
he got his answer.
Leprosy!
3No RainBroDash, "Half Ops" is the game you and dari play. Some call it "Mod Wars 3" but those people are silly foals.
LAWL
3(Or the official name "Call of Keyboard 3")
denied_existence, what's your skype name?
?
obviously, he had to have a mysterious disease that is deadly.
3denied_existence
3All lowercase
Can't they have more normal stuff?
k, 1 sec
They don't get ultrarare diseases every other day in each hospital.
3NO, THEY MUST ALWAYS BE ON THE BRINK OF DEATH
-_-
3WITH GORE AND SEX AND EVERYTHING
>mfw 12yo sex
>mfw Wrek halfop
3Dermathil Now your thinking with portals.
10^XD
hahahahahah Denied_Existence
Wait what?
Wrek now too?
10Eeyup
Wrek needs to change his name. Either make it Wrex, or Wreck-Gar
>mfw by Wednesday morning no moar places open for applications....
Oh right.
Ok.
Wrek should be able to join.
10cheers dawi :3
*cough*
14lol
gratz Wrek btw
5my lungs hurt
5and thanks :D
Dammit! Now someone is using my dark red in here too?!
>mfw Wrek chose the color I would've taken had I become mod
everyone is getting half-op today
14Soon we're going to have more mods than viewers. :P
lawl
/me still has been around since night #2
/me is also still loyal to the Bronystate
For the New Lunar- er... For the Independent Brony States!
YOU ARE A PIRATE!
>_>
And Sathi got the buttonslist it seems
bueno....
/me 14is best pirate
5Test driving.
Octavia is a pirate?! :O
/me 14is BEST pirate. True story bro.
YOU ARE A GOKAIGER
gratz Wrek
7works
I HAVE RETURNED
5Hi and thanks robotpinkie
SHE BE HAVING DEADLY ASIAN DISEASE!!!!
14Good stuff.
*Ahem*Gentlemen?
You mean "gentlecolts"?
also welcome back, Pegacorn
Yea,whatever.
FINALLY
at least I got Gothic working...
oh hey, they have a new mod too
lawl
.....I got nothin'
he didn't think that the guy swallowed his tongue during the operation...
